user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198018754760,Not Recommended,312370,18259857,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,angrybetty,"Not a very good game, had great potential but all missions have to be completed in a set turn limit which leaves the option for trying different ideas/tactics very limited, most missions are simple rush from point A to B and you cannot simply stop for 1 turn or you wont make the turn limit.This leaves very little to almost no replayabilty value in this already overpriced game, also devs are overly agressive in defence of this game and ban many people from the game hub for giving there opinions.my advice is dont buy this cash grab, it looks like a potentially good stratergy game but it simply isnt look elsewhere."
76561198058258431,Recommended,312370,13403453,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,J_Imperator,"A bit of context:Armageddon is a well documented W40k storyline that has been blessed with great writers and spanking plots over several decades of Games Workshop development, featuring standout characters, painfully vivid depravity, the perfidy of man in the far future and the devious relentlessness of its eternal Xenos enemies.This game is not about animation, hand-to-hand combat or a single hero unit conquering all before it in a fantasy universe.It's about retaining control of a world, a desolately bleak Hive world, in the 40th Millenium with wretched humanity clinging on to a post apocalypictal planet; destroyed by the greed of man, turned into a nightmare world of endless pollution, acid lakes and ash landscapes where nothing grows but mutant lifeforms.Barely palatable goo is grown from vats fed by the filth of humanity, and fed back to its citizens huddled in Hive Cities that reach into the Stratosphere, built on the bones of the weak and the past. Factories churn out endless warmachines, fearsome weaponry and galaxy conquering spaceships, while billions of recruits are press ganged into the Imperial army. And all for praise of the Emperor on his death Throne who cares not for his Worship.Yet, you survive.The Orks come to Armageddon. And come they do in their relentless Waaaaargghhh! , generation after generation.The WarBoss is always mighty, his intellect canny, his instincts brutal but insightful. He will outthink you. His puny gretchin will overwhelm your finely trained, brutalised imperial forces if you allow them too close. His Ork Boys will cleave your powerful superhuman Space Marines from head to toe, ripping the geneseed from their bodies with massive fangs. His mighty clanking warmachines will splitter and splutter seeming an inch from disaster, and then somehow pound your Titans and Hive Cities within an inch of their miserable existence.Then, the brutality and carnage truly begins!Can you, mere human, stand before the might of the Orks in the 40k universe?You will soon find out!About the gameplay:A great adaptation of W40k, done from the perspective of the tabletop game and from a more strategic viewpoint. Maybe Warhammer 40k Epic is the more apt comparison, rather than Dawn of War or the tactical fightfest of today's W40k.Akin to Panzer General and one must appreciate in a similar mindset.The breadth of units available is very impressive, with every conceivable variant available for your selection.Deployment and careful marshalling of resources is key as well as playing to each unit's strength while being mindful of the end strategic objective.The land is bleak and harsh. The enemy relentless and overwhelming. You must always be a step ahead or be utterly destroyed. There are plots within plots from which you must choose the storyline progression as each campaign scenario develops onward to another.The Imperium of man must not fight these Xenos beasts on their own terms but carefully, meticulously plan and plot to ultimate victory.Oh, it will be bloody. There will be many losses.May the Emperor protect you, Lord General!"
,Recommended,312370,13088501,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Snowdog,"Basically this is Panzer Corps in the Warhammer 40k universe.I am a huge fan of both, so this was a no brainer for me to purchase.But all in all this is precisely what I would expect a Panzer Corps, Warhammer 40k game to be.I am loving it. I expect to rank up many hours playing this."
76561198025662391,Recommended,312370,13454246,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,thilian,"It's true, the graphics seem to be from 20 years ago.But I am from 40 years ago, so can't really complain.:)"
76561198013940603,Recommended,312370,23696953,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,oggeffwitag,"I was on the fence with this game for a long time. The main thing holding me back was the price. Holy pricey for a game with low production value batman! I read many reviews here and other places, browsed the Slitherine forums for ahwile, and decided to bite and fork over 50 hard earned dollars. Of course 4 days later it goes on sale 50% off! Needless to say, ""steam"" is coming out of my ears right now...but I digress.The game is fantastic. Not quite as deep as ""Panzer Corps"", but deep enough to make you think about what you're doing. Do I pick up another support unit for my core force or another armor division? Do I deploy in one giant wedge formation or split my force into two battlegroups? Do I upgrade my artillery units to Deathstrike missiles for maximum effect against armor or do I keep my Earthshakers for better versatility? Do I use a turn to rest and refit my elite units or do I press on? Every mission had me asking myself these questions...the first time I played them of course.The game has ZERO replay value; once you know how the scenarios will unfold almost all these questions will be answered for you. For this reason alone it's very hard for me to recommend the game at full price. If you're a big fan of 40k and wargames I can say this is a winner, but it's way, way, WAY overpriced. Wait for a sale, or get more value for your dollar and pick up another wargame.I will close by saying that after 100+ hours of play I can say that most (but certainly not all) of the negative reviews I have read are from people who thought this was 40k tabletop on PC and are disappointed to find out that it's not, or are from people who are not wargamers and somehow ended up buying this. It's a solid wargame with no replay value and a way too hefty pricetag. If $50 is chump-change to you, then I recommend this to any wargamer.One thing i forgot to mention...the ""manual"" is garbage. How can you not explain, or for that matter even mention ""Zones of Control"". This is an absolutely critical mechanic to understand if you want to succceed and enjoy a game like this on all but the easiest difficulty. If you're not well versed in wargames and are thinking of picking this up I strongly suggest you look up ZOC on forums or whatever. You will get alot more out of the game, trust me."
76561197969749884,Recommended,312370,30869071,Posted: 31 March,all,Sarkoth,"You have to like turn based hex battles to play turn based hex battles. If you do and also have a liking for Warhammer 40K, you will like this.It does look like it had been released in 1999 and I personally really detest Slytherine games, which usually are technically horrendous, but for Armageddon I made an exception. I expected nothing, but being a huge Warhammer enthusiast went for it anyway and was positively surprised.It's not a great game, but it's fun. Don't expect a slow gamepace though, the turn limits require the player to rush, always, everywhere."
76561198006534531,Not Recommended,312370,19208740,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Cam-Waaagh,"Very overpriced, with missing features and terrible A.I. Just as overpriced as the models."
,Recommended,312370,13993359,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"Unlike some others, Armageddon is an absolutely wonderful addition to the family of Warhammer 40,000 games out there, alongside titles such as Space Hulk, Kill Team, Storm of Vengeance, Space Marine, and of course, Dawn of War. Warhammer 40,000 involves an entire galaxy, filled with planets, humans, daemons, and xenos, but no game has really encapsulated the sheer scale of Warhammer like Armageddon has. As such, it would not be fair to compare this game to vanilla Warhammer 40,000; Epic or Apocalypse would provide a much better comparison. It should be noted that Armageddon is used here not because of its definition, but because it is the name of a very significant planet and campaign based in the Warhammer universe.The game features tie-ins to the long-standing lore of Armageddon, specifically the Second War for Armageddon. Characters such as von Strab, Yarrick, Dante and Ghazghkull Thraka make this game absolutely wonderful to fans of tabletop Warhammer, and some of us still have very fond memories of the battles fought on the tabletop revolving around Armageddon. This game is not about beautiful animations or fantastic looking backdrops. It is a gritty look into how a conflict over a very polluted yet industrially powerful planet could end up. The graphics do not look fantastic, that is true, but they do their job very well - they display your units, where they are, and what they should do. If you are looking for incredible, visceral combat, Armageddon will unfortunately not provide that, but Armageddon does provide deep, insightful large-scale army battles, with many unit types represented.Sadly, at this point, to be honest, the game deviates a fair bit from the lore - particularly if you are following the campaign, you could find your army mostly consisting of Titans, Super Heavy Tanks, and units of Terminators and Land Raiders - all of which are in very short supply, in terms of lore. And... as a pretty low-ranking Imperial Guard commander, you're leading Space Marines and Titans??? Furthermore, for the purposes of balance, I understand why all units can harm other units (Shoota Boyz and a Titan?), but lore purists will find this troubling. And even if you aren't, you may require some pretty significant Suspension of Disbelief.Either way, the campaign is great fun and offers a considerable amount of replayability. There are a lot of units, and learning how they interact and when and where they are efficient, and where they can go and what they can do can prove to be difficult, but the end result is worth it. At least for me, it was; and for you too, if you have the patience. The wide variety of units and the varying effects were quite intriguing to watch in action. There is a limited RPG element to the Campaign too, where EXP you gain on your units/vehicles carries over and offers limited benefits, but is lost if your unit dies.Finally, but not least, the fully supported modding ability through the in-game Editor is absolutely brilliant. Not only are you able to create your own maps and scenarios, but it is fully possible to create new units, even new races. Absolutely love this game; if you are interested in this type of game and/or the setting, it is well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,312370,21485997,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fnord,"Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon is a hex-based strategy game set in the distant future of the 41st millenium, where the orks have once again invaded Armageddon.Before we get started with the review itself, let's get a few things out of the way. This game is not an attempt at making a direct adaptation of the popular tabletop game by Games Workshop, though it is set in the same universe, nor is it an attempt at making a spiritual successor to Final Liberation (an old PC game), which some reviewers seem to indicate was what they expected it to be. This is Panzer Corps with a 40k coat of paint (Panzer Corps in turn is like a modern update on Panzer General 2, which had its own 40k version called Rites of War).Graphics & SoundAt first glance 40k: Armageddon is not an impressive looking game. While the sprites are relatively detailed, and the maps look good, the sprites look like they hover above the map. The game does not fare better in motion, with very simple looking animations for firing, and no animations for movement.The sound is equally underwhelming. It does its job, but nothing about it really stands out. The weapons sound like what they are supposed to be, for the most part, but for a game world known for having oversized guns, almost to the point of self parody,  one would expect there to be a bit more to the sound effects of those guns.But while nothing looks & sounds particularly impressive, everything looks like what it's supposed to be. Anyone with a basic knowledge of the 40k universe will be able to identify most vehicles and units and figure out what they are armed with by just looking at them. And this ease of identification is very important to the game, as there are a lot of different units to keep track of.StoryThe story in the game is not given center stage, instead it just serves as a reason for why you're fighting on Armageddon. It follows the second war for Armageddon, one of the most important wars in 40k history. If you're familiar with 40k lore, you'll likely know exactly what's going to happen, so the story will offer no surprises. To anyone not familiar with 40k lore, the story will likely feel poorly explained. This is not something that really hurts the game though.GameplayIt's in the gameplay department that 40k: Armageddon really shines. Before each battle, you're allowed to put together an army consisting of imperial units (at first only Imperial Guards, but later you also get access to Space Marines). And there's a staggering amount of units. The game boasts over 300 different units in total, between the two sides. With so many units, you're given a lot of freedom to design a force that suits your playstyle, and the upcoming scenario. And the vast majority of all units feel useful. Someone could probably figure out which units are the optimal ones, but there don't seem to be an glaring balance issues (take note GW).The battles are played with a simple IGOUGO system, meaning that you take your turn to move all units, and then the opponent takes its turns to move all units. Different units have different strengths and weaknesses, and are armed with different weapons, so like in most other games of this type, the trick is to use the right units against the right targets. Infantry in good defensive positions are hard to dislodge without melee units, tanks need anti-tank weapons for you to effectively deal with them, and so on. Certain units are able to support other units when they're being attacked, and making good use of terrain & choke points is often important. Nothing about the gameplay is groundbreaking, but it is well made, the scenarios feel challenging but fair and the game is a joy to play.Every mission has a turn limit. This is something that a lot of people seem to dislike, but without the turn limit, the game would probably have become too easy. Personally I've always had several turns to go after each level, and the turn limit has never interfered with my playstyle, but anyone who turtles a lot might run out of turns.Closing thoughtsWarhammer 40,000: Armageddon is a really good game, and it's a really good 40k game. It does the license justice and is often more consistent with how it presents things than the official writers for GW, who often contradict core portions of the lore.The only reservation I have is about the price. Niche games are often more expensive, as they expect to sell fewer copies, but the price point of 40k: Armageddon makes it a hard sell to anyone who don't already know that they will like the game, and the screenshots make the production value look rather low. A lower price point would probably attract more customers who would be willing to take a risk at the game. Because it is a good game, a very good game, and it is a game with a lot of content. Don't be surprised if beating the main campaign takes over 20h. Fans of Warhammer 40,000, and fans of games like Panzer General should give this game a try. As for everyone else, it might be worth waiting for a sale, or trying the demo for Panzer Corps to see if they like these types of games (Panzer Corps is a slightly more complex game than this, but it's still similar)."
76561197985722163,Recommended,312370,13089081,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"Quite fantastic. All the tried and trusted mechanics of Panzer games with a great 40k interpretation which gives it a much more futuristic feel, different weapons which feel and play differently, and a mass of unit options. Very very satisfying. Plus with the modding potential this could be a landmark wargame supported well for years and years, it would be magnificent if they can build upon the inevitable success this will enjoy, to include more playable races in the future. Now, if you can excuse me, I have to kill ork, and I can't decide if I'm in a lascannon or flamer mood."
76561198000896253,Not Recommended,312370,17412976,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,RobOda,"The problem with 40k: Armageddon is that it overcomplicates its subject matter and fails to explain it for newcomers. The tutorial is bare-bones, nothing but lip service is paid to the attributes and statistics for the huge amount of variants of units. That means, unless you're knowledgeable in 40k weapons, you'll struggle to figure out what weapon is an anti-tank variant and which is an anti-infantry variant.So poorly explained are the attributes and mechanics that, if you go check the official forums some of the most common posts are trying to decipher, explain and figure out the attributes. Has it improved since launch? Yes, UI improvements which should have been in the game at launch have finally come out, but it is too little, too late.Unless you're an ardent tactical turn based fan or Warhammer 40k fan, this isn't something I can recommend."
76561198028372840,Not Recommended,312370,28103925,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ope84,"Overpriced game for what it offers..No Skirmish Mode, Super Dumb computer AI ..."
76561198017656090,Recommended,312370,13173335,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,clegane,"Game is exactly as described by the advertising.  A deep, turn-based wargame set in GW's 40K universe. No, it is NOT a direct port of the tabletop game, which seems to be what many were expecting, based on the negative comments here. Yes, it IS a 2D game, which is quite obvious based on the screenshots. There's a lot to enjoy here if you are perceptive and intelligent enough to have realistic expectations. Slitherine has an excellent track record for hex based TBS games and also for the immense amount of post-release support they give them. I have enjoyed playing this one very much and have great expectations for the future supporting releases for the product. The Lordz Game Studio does great justice to the venerable license with their work here.All in all a great, deep, and atmospheric INTERPRETATION of the 40K universe. But if you purchase this expecting 40K tabletop on the PC, you'll be sorely disappointed."
76561198038281308,Recommended,312370,24550536,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,gdiguy103,"I got introduced to Warhammer 40k through Dawn of War 2 and really liked the setting. So I got up to speed lorewise by visiting Lexicanum and the Warhammer 40k pages on 1d♥♥♥♥♥. I don't play turn-based strategy games all that much, the last title being Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones all the way back in 2005 for the GBA. So yeah up front I don't have much experience with hex-based and turn based strategy games.I have played through the main campaign, part of the free DLC ""Untold Battles"", all of the paid DLC. In terms of value, this game is AWESOME. I got the whole game and DLC 33% off.Graphics wise... it's very simple and 2D. The artwork itself is richly detailed and authentic to the source material. Combat animations are pretty simplistic although there are a ton of them modelling a large variety of weapons from Warhammer 40k. Units simply turn to whatever they're attacking and attacked by and some audio cues. Numbers float over units that are attacked indicating damage.Here's where the game initially gets confusing. Many of the units have strength and hp. After 50 hours or so I finally understood. Infantry tends to have only 1 HP, but with 30 strength. Units that constantly need their strength replenished lose veterancy at a rapid rate, thus the more durable or indirect fire units tend to accrue more experience. This and a few other mechanics could have been explained better.Mission design can be described as bland and straight forward. Plain military stuff like form a perimeter, capture objectives, hold ground, escort, and the occasional rescue. The campaign structure has some replay value in the form of mission branching.At the end of the main campaign I pretty much fielded the elite units. It's a little freaky to have so many terminator squads, dreadnaughts, super heavy tanks, and so few guardsmen on the field. Oh and Titans. So in terms of lore... probably not as authentic, but I suppose if I wanted to match the fluff with the grind I could have had some fragile guardsmen with their lasguns at the forefront.Overall I am very happy with my purchase. Plus the voice acting and story were surprisingly well done. Unfortunately only the main campaign and none of the DLC feature voice acting.TL;DR Lots of value. Very basic graphics. Some confusing gameplay elements. Campaign is really fun and follows the Armageddon setting faithfully save for all the elite, elite units, stomping around at the end of the campaign."
76561198044621252,Recommended,312370,32732103,Posted: 24 June,all,txingchem,"It is just simply fun to me. I enjoyed it a lot and just find it is so hard to stop playing.By the way, I am a strategy game fan and I like the theme of Warhammer 40k. The feature I like most is the oppotunity of mixing Guardsmen and different Space Marine Chapters. It's THE only game I've played that allows players to do that.Hope they can make another game with more races. It'll be even cooler!"
76561197989324079,Not Recommended,312370,13112596,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Laen,"Graphics from ten years ago. UI from 15 years (no hotkeys). Minimal animation (don't really need it but would be nice).Tutorial sucks. It only explains things that you would have figured out yourself in 10 seconds. But leaves out unit buying, unit advancement, morale, cover, terrain and the weapon systems. Seems like I should be familiar with their past games to really know how to play.You can buy a lot of different units right from the beginning and which all seem to do equally on the battlefield. I would have liked that it would have been a bit more limited and as more units become available the advantages of them would have been explained. Now that kind of game-like progress is lacking.I regret buying the game."
,Recommended,312370,13132769,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Snake2512,"Fantastic 40k hex strategy game with impressive unit variations, the sheer amount of units you can choose from is overwhelming and since the game gives you the ability to choose which units to take into the battlefield, you are encouraged to choose wisely. Baneblade + Titan + 4 Basalisk artillery formations can't be stopped.Unlike the Dawn of War series which had Khornate sorcerers, Armageddon works closely with the original 40k lore, the game does a great job portraying characters such as von Strab and Yarrick. The only real disappointment i found with the game was the voice acting for the Chapter Master of the Salamanders, he sounds extremely bored and bland when compared to the voice acting of Yarrick and Lord Dante.The real question is when is the First War for Armageddon prequel/DLC coming out? I want to see Angron fighting Thraka in multiplayer matches damnit.Edit: For all the people who are complaining about the lack of races, you guys do realise the game is set around the Second War for Armageddon?"
76561197970914745,Recommended,312370,19587468,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Solo4114,"Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon is a terrific game...for the right kind of gamer.  Those expecting the second coming of Dawn of War (technically, third, I suppose) will be sorely disappointed.  Those looking for a solid, turn-based strategy (TBS) game on a hex-based map will likely be quite pleased.  Fans of the WH40K fluff will also be pleased, as you get to personally participate in the major events that make up the 2nd War for Armageddon.  Personally, I'm loving the game thus far.In terms of raw gameplay, the game itself is very much an old-school wargame.  It's somewhat similar to games like Steel Panthers, although it's perhaps not quite as granular in its depiction of combat as that series.  I haven't played the Panzer General or Panzer Corps games, but I hear it's similar to those (Panzer Corps especially, which is no surprise since they're made by the same company).  Anyway, it's a TBS game on a hex-map.  Units are allowed one movement and one firing action per turn (although you can move more than one space, obviously, and units with multiple weapons will use all of them, if they're in range).  Alternatively, you can reinforce a unit, or recover morale.At this point, I've only played Act I, but there is a good variety of units available.  It can actually be a bit overwhelming at times, and you may find yourself turning towards both the game's manual and the online message boards for information on the difference between a Leman Russ Vanquisher and a Leman Russ Conqueror.  Once you learn what the different units do, though, you realize that you can build a very specialized force (or a very general-purpose force, if you want).  On the surface, the game may seem fairly simple to veteran wargamers, but there's depth to be found as well, in terms of different terrain effects (Line of sight, cover), units that support each other (meaning that, when the supported unit is attacked, the supporting unit will retaliate as well as the attacked unit), and all the usual rock-paper-scissors (or infantry-artillery-cavalry, I guess) balancing you'd expect in a wargame.  I found that, while initially bewildering, once I understood my options better, I really appreciated the variety, even as it sometimes made it difficult to decide what units to bring in a given scenario.Your core force will gain experience as you play, and you can change experienced soldiers into different unit types within the same class (so a bog-standard infantry unit can be upgraded to a harder hitting unit) over time.  You'll want to do this, as the difficulty ramps up and you find yourself facing tougher challenges that require a more specialized response.  Understanding what the different stats mean will help with this.  I recommend looking at this thread from Slitherine's (the developer) board:http://www.matrixgames.com/forums/tm.asp?m=3827148.Story-wise, for fluff fans...it's the 2nd War for Armageddon, with you playing as the Imperial Guard.  You can probably guess what you do in it.  For those unfamiliar with the WH40K fluff, the story is fairly typical of the in-game universe.  You have a planetary invasion by an enemy force (Orks in this case -- no chaos or eldar so far, but we can hope for DLC...).  You play the primary campaign as the Imperial Guard -- the ""grunt troops"" of humanity, rather than the elite Space Marines, at least at first.  (After the first Act, you can start playing as the Space Marines, and get access to Titans as well.)  You have a LOT of vehicles to bring with you (which is your major strength), so you can really enjoy some combined arms action.  Anyway, aliens invade, incompetent planetary governor puts everyone in peril, and it's up to the Guard to save the day or at least hold out long enough to be reinforced/relieved.  Missions are a nice mix of assault, defense, and maneuver, and sometimes a bit of all three in the same mission.I'd say the only other major caveat (aside from this being a TBS game and requiring you to actually learn how to play it) is the graphics.  Look, this isn't a AAA whiz-bang graphical cornucopia.  The game isn't designed that way.  Your units don't animate, really (although you have the animation of different types of weapons firing and such).  This isn't Total War, where every individual trooper is animated and doing his own thing.  That said, the sprites in the game are perfectly fine for what they are, and look sufficiently detailed.  I have no complaints about the graphics, but I knew what I was getting in the game and had no illusions about the graphics.  The hand-drawn panels and backgrounds that serve as the ""cutscenes"" between missions, however, look lovely.  Again, though, they are static and not animated.  Voice acting is perfectly fine for the game.  It's not Oscar-worthy, but it gets the job done perfectly well.On the whole, I really enjoy the game, but I'm also a fan of the fluff and of games of this sort.  For my money, it was definitely worth the price I paid."
,Not Recommended,312370,33699988,Posted: 21 July,all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"Not a bad game if youre a 40k fan, it can be pretty fun and has a nice variety of units and maps but i have a couple issues with it. For one the price is stupid high for what a basic game it is (thats gamesworkshop for you) and if you play on anything but easy you get harldy any turns so you have to just rush the enemy and you cant experiment at all."
,Recommended,312370,24622350,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Night Curry,"Bottom line (on top): This game could definitely be better, but because it's 40k a lot is forgiven.This is not a strategy game. Keep this in mind.This is a game of crushing xenos (Orks) with the ceramite soles of your Astartes' boots (wait, you're still using infantry?).I have completed the IG campaign twice - on the default difficulty and on ""Hard"". The latter actually presents a challenge, but only because the 60-pack of gremlins suddenly became 160, etc. But it is still more interesting.There are a few issues: balance, and AI and level design.Balance-wise, there's hardly any. For example, the Imperium is known for using their subjects as cannon fodder - that's their army's bread and butter. There's no need to play the game this way. You just replace everything with titans and borrow some dreadnoughts from the Marines.The superheavies in the game is something you want your army to consist of exclusively, as opposed to powerful super units that still need support of infantry and lesser tanks. Not here.Level design doesn't help. Because the AI is stupid to no end (I often had situations where they could obliterate my whole army in 1 turn, but they would just skip theirs), you just literally push through the map to meet the dreaded turn limit - this is more of a concern on higher difficulty levels, where you are really pressed for time.You can't try different formations, diversions are useless, you just have to push through.Or you have to defend a point for a set amount of turns, which makes much more sense. These missions are usually most challenging, and you actually have time to play with the positions of your units, because otherwise every turn you spend regrouping might cost you the game.Overall, instead of letting you feel like you control an army of the 41st millennium, you have to be concerned about stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time.ButIt still feels awesome to play as the Marines or IG, and if you enjoy turn-based strategy, you might still give this a go. It's not strategically challenging, but it is fun and has the spirit.As is tradition, this wargame sports 2D graphics, but unlike so many others, the visuals don't really suck. Personally I think it would be nice if this game had better visuals. This game's selling point is immersion into the 40k universe for me, and that would really help. But here we are, it keeps the sprites and stuff.Yeah, about the cost, I think it's proper unreasonable. It seems this game is a reskin of the developer's previous game, Panzer Corps. The mechanics are largely the same (which is hard to completely verify because the game is very vague about the way weapons work), so they had to draw new sprites, and make new stats for units. Maybe I'm missing something? Don't get me wrong, they've done a great job, but this game costs nearly as much as a proper AAA title with a much bigger budget (and then there's DLC).---Still, this is a game I thoroughly enjoyed. I'm still am going through some DLC campaigns, but feel like I've seen enough to say what I said.And I feel like I'm missing a lot, but I'm still yet to play multiplayer. I hope I can convince my friends soon."
76561197982040968,Recommended,312370,29857131,Posted: 11 February,all,treefort,"After reading all the negative reviews I was a little bit wary, but I still enjoyed the game as much as the original. The units available are somewhat limited (what - I can't buy a Basilisk?), the most noticeable one being no fire support infantry in the early battles. They beome available later, but it's very hard to keep infantry alive until then.I also noticed that the AI seems smarter and willing to take advantage of any opening. If I make a bad move, don't bother hoping the AI won't notice because it will.I enjoyed playing it and will play it again, ratcheting up the difficulty level each time. This may not appeal to the slash-and-grab types (who really should be playing the Orks), but as a wargame I quite like it."
76561198007474941,Not Recommended,312370,22229224,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ntscdirector,"I really like turn based games and the Warhammer Universe. So I wanted to like this game. Unfortunately I did not. The various units and weapons are not explained. The AI is passive which is almost necessary considering the interaction of the number of enemies you face, your troop allocation points and number of turns to meet an objective. I found myself bored and disinterested very quickly. To put it simply there is not much to this game and your money is best spent elsewhere."
76561198021702186,Recommended,312370,13089193,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,endoxa,"From what i saw in few hours, I have to say that we have a good turn-based Warhammer in our hands. Graphics and effects are noticeably upgraded from Panzer Corps series. Also the gameplay mechanics are at the surface similar but when you go deeper they are different from panzer corps. Also we have noticeable story line elements, characters, and voice overs which is appreciated. Overraly, presentation in this game is far better than previous Slitherine games. Buy it, especially at this lovely price 29$.Pros:1. Good presentation2. Lengthy campaign with branching3. Solid turn-based gameplay in Panzer Corps style4. Subtle and meaningful differences from Panzer series when you dig this game to the depth5. Good multiplayer. Competing with veteran turn-based strategists is funCons:1. Some gameplay mechanics are obscure or unexplained by the devs (Useless manual)2. Graphics are good for a turn-based strategy but it could be better and more dynamic"
76561198036702281,Recommended,312370,13926268,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,F.O.A.D.,"1) This game features more than 350 Warhammer 40K units..2) Slitherine have a 3 year contract with Games Workshop.3) The Developers have a long standing and proven track record in the wargames genre.4) The Editor is user friendly, powerful and *gasp* actually fun to use!5) Shortly after release the game already had player created content.6) Multiplayer via PBEM works a treat yet it would benefit greatly with opponent replays.6.1) They have now added opponent replays...7) This game is the closest you can get to a tabletop style Warhammer experience on PC.8) The replay value alone is off the charts, nevermind 3 more years of upcoming content....Verdict: The long wait is over and it was worth every single second. A+++"
,Recommended,312370,13154884,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jonfl1,"Plain and simple, this is Panzer General stripped down to the essentials and given a modern Panzer Corps-esque makeover in the 40K universe.On the plus side, it's the familiar and very fun PG-style gameplay, it's set in the 40K universe, and there are TONS of units to choose from (basically the full imperial guard and ork army lists). And if Panzer Corps is any example, expect a crap ton of user-generated content and likely (official) additional race addons. (Chaos, Tyranids or Eldar, anyone?)On the negative side, it definitely feels stripped down to the bare essentials and lacking in some polish, a prime example being the complete omission of a soundtrack during gameplay. Not a deal-breaker, but definitely annoying considering the price.Overall though, if you like Panzer Corps and/or 40K, this should be a no-brainer instabuy.9/10"
76561198006524725,Recommended,312370,13108232,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hetairoi,"Epic scaled WH40K? CheckBaneblades, Stormhammers, Shadowswords? CheckTITANS?! CheckVery good so far.  Lots of vehicle variants, I can't believe they gave us Gorgons, and air units. A turn and army point cost system for Epic on PC has not been seen since Final Liberation.With that said, I do wish people would point to Final Liberation rather than Panzers. That game had it all, live motion cutscenes, unlockable units after conquering a province, campaign map where you choose your next attack and see where the orks are going to attack next, assign garrison units to conquered provinces, units were animated (Titans actually walked) and each battle was scaled to the point cost of the units you choose (could be bad or good depending on your perspective), but we never did get the promised expansions for eldar and tyranid.Pros-Immense vehicle variants/unit choices-Turn based and point limited-Lengthy campaignInbetween-Still can't make up my mind whether it would be better for cutscenes between battles or these dialogue boxesCons-Unit animation (Titans don't walk, tank treads don't turn, etc.)-Limited choices on strategic actions and no map to show progress other than wall of text between battles-The story escalated quickly between the training missions. If the orks were already in the sky why not have your battalion go to alert? (I know the von Strab storyline for Armageddon, but this doesn't make sense to me.)-Voice acting is so so.-Minor graphical glitches (checkboard patterning during some conversation cutscenes and on some maps)"
,Recommended,312370,19277717,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BrassBass,"If you love Warhammer 40,000 you might like this game.This game has a lot of missions, a lot of units, and a map editor.There ARE some glaring issues with this game, most notably the lack of movement animations for any units.  The missions are also repetitive and the use of ""victory hexes"" gets old after the first act.  There are also only three factions: Imperium, Space Marine, and Ork.  The game IS about the Second War for Armagedon (a major conflict in the lore), but I hope they make a sequel that adds the rest of the factions on a less centered story.I am recommending this game only for hardcore fans of WH40K, if you aren't then skip it until the price goes WAY down."
,Recommended,312370,13119027,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Baralong,"If you wonder what is wrong with this game, I've got just the right answer - kids. No, seriously, we've been waiting for a game like this for such a long time, for an old-school die-hard wargame in the world of WH40K, we've been waiting for decades, and now some immature newbie dares to downvote this game based on the fact that he doesn't like certain sounds and ""bad"" graphics, in a wargame, are those people even for real? If you've spent more than 1000 hours in Panzer General, if you're a die-hard fan of WH40K: take it, hold it, love it. This is not just a great game, it's a milestone that is going to be played 5-10 years from now. I'm already waiting for addons."
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,312370,26081020,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ravenscar,"Simply having every single forgeworld variant of a GW model a good game does not make. It's Final Liberation yer... not as good.Nothing new to bed said that isn't said in other reviews, so in summary:-Hideously overpriced - I got it on sale for $20 and still felt a bit ripped off-Rushing is pretty much the only viable tactic given the time constraint-The enemy are legion, and you really get curb stomped a lot of the time as your raw recruits get hit by veteran Nobz en masse-Having so many unit variants is great... unless you aren't incredibly familiar with GW 40K. I've been involved for over 20 years, so I'm pretty savvy on the differences between a Leman Russ Exterminator, Punisher, and Vindicator.... but for a ""lay person"" it's just overwhelming. Less is more guys!-The overall gameplay feels shallow and unispired, especially when you can get a SIGNIFICANTLY better game with Panzercorp, or the newer Order of Battle: World War (don't be a dupe, it's NOT free to play - it's a bit of a dickish way to give a demo you then pay to play various campaigns)That is all. Glory to the Emperor."
,Not Recommended,312370,13090424,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SuppishTX,"EDIT 3: just to be clear, most of my issues are not that the game is bad, but that it doesn't feel like a 40k turn-based game as much as a panzercorp wearing 40k skins. also, the only features needed to turn my thumbs-down around is skrimishes vs ai and coop like battle academy 2 has. this feels like a step backwards in features and technology :(very mixed review incoming. yes this plays similar to any of this publisher's previous titles. however, they went more in line with panzercorps than battle academy.Pros:-nice amount of unit selection-good missions-fan-goodness of seeing all these units in a tabletop formatCons:-no coop, just 1v1-no ability to make your own skins (not super vital i guess in this game, but we have had it in almost every 40k game. wtf)-most of the scenarios make you play as the imperium, making playing as orks pretty rare outside pvp-ONLY imperial guard, space marines (blood angels, salamanders, ultramarines), and orks. WHERE IS EVERYONE ELSE?!?!?! I understand for the campaign but for multiplayer, that's just bad-almost ZERO customization (units are all pre-built, can select shoota boyz or shoota boyz with big shootas. also can upgrade with transports. that's as far as the customizing goes)basically this game shows nothing of what has been developed in the past decade. while that doesn't mean that the game that's there is bad, it does make it a disappointment because it could be so much more with very little effort.COOP is easy to do, other races are a MUST!!! why no 2v2? why does this not use battle academy's engine at least so there is MUCH better cover/sight mechanics. i cant even tell if there is a bonus to infantry vs vehicles at close range. there also is no front vs rear or side armor plates that i can tell. i don't see a template for any sort of ambush. I don't see where i can really customize my units with specific weapons and gear. this is the tabletop dumbed down to a starter version for 7 year olds.i understand that this is going to be large-scale battles, but the only reason i will ever play this again is for the 40k fanboy in me. game is barely worth $20. and in today's market, I shouldn't pay over $10 for something that within a week could have loads more features. stop being lazy and make a proper gameEDIT: the campaign and scenarios are just the same missions twice in a row. its just do you want to play with story or without story. the multiplayer missions are just slightly modifed versions of some of the campaign missions (mainly so that orks have a normal deployment instead of all your units already on the field lol). and i see on the steam page that it does have ""coop."" really? where? i tried in-game, looking in the manual, flipped through the scenarios....hmmm nowhereEDIT 2: steam removed the coop tag"
76561198005181464,Recommended,312370,20338540,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,gratbarst,"I really enjoyed this. I can't tell you whether it's any good or not, I can only say that, at the easiest level, this is a lot of fun.The full price is ridiculous, but the Steam question is, ""do I recommend this game?"" to which the answer is yes, just don't buy it full price. I got it in a sale, including most, but not all, the DLC.There are lots of different looking units, but once you find the ones you like, the ones that suit your style, then you'll wind up with a lot of them, and no real reason to delve into the differences between the ones you don't use.the dramatic script is a bit teenage, voice acting is pantomime standard, but to be honest that's what I like. I like to be able to hiss at a badly drawn cardboard villain.I am not, in real life, a hex based, table-top, fluff-obsessed , hobbyboi, who can tell the difference between a weirdboy and a painboy from behind, in the dark, at ten paces. I just don't care. (but if you do, this is not the review you are looking for) However, the higher levels of difficulty seem to be unfair, and consequently, not as much fun for the less-than-dedicated player, like me.It's a fairly old looking game, the graphics are a bit ... well ... boring really, but I still play Heros of Might and Magic III, (not the HD version neither) and this has that same ""one more turn"" thing going.So yup, I'd recommend this game if you're a  a lonely, rich, tabletopper, with an eye for detail and many, many empty hours to fill. Otherwise, get it in a sale, set it to easy and drift along with the story whilst enjoying crushing Orcs under the stompy feet of your Imperial Titans."
76561198009766242,Recommended,312370,31047475,Posted: 9 April,all,JestaBlunt,"I had this game on my watchlist till my brother told me to try it. And I have to say that I am not regreting it.As a Warhammer 40k Fan I like the story, even if there are no real cutscenes. You can decide on some points what you want to do in the next mission. And what I like the best is my army. You have money and deployment points, which are getting more as the story goes on, and buy your army. They can get XP, you can change(upgrade) the units in its unit type, for example you can switch the a tank type a to tank type b or infantrie a to b without losing xp.The battles are good. The graphics are minimal, but gives you enough for you fantasy, the firing sequences are funny enough. The difficulty is different from mission to mission, but I think that depends on your playstyle and chosen army.The tactics are nice, you have to keep an eye on some factors like initiative and moral, have to decide when a unit should rest, to regain accuracy and some health or give some xp for not only healing but restocking the unit.I am looking forward to play the rest of the campaign (bought the ""complete"" game in sale with all content), still sitting and fighting in the first one.It would be nice if there are plans for more DLCs or even better a part two. Some little complexity added, some better graphics (especially the largness of the units) and I would definitly look into buying it.So far to say: thumb up!"
76561197994668434,Recommended,312370,21271353,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Der Fliegermaus,"I would recommend this, yes.A simple turn based strategy game that initially had a somewhat unintuitive interface, but that has improved markedly now that it has a few version number patches added to the game.Its main attraction is the staggering number of units included in this game, which is pretty much every Warhammer 40K table top unit, often with multiple ""Forge World"" variants.This is probably the best representation of an Epic scale turn based Warhammer 40k game that there is at the moment."
,Recommended,312370,17344909,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nightmare!,"A fun game to be sure, this title is a prime offering for individuals that want to dip their toes into TBS fare.  While not worth the outrageous offering price of 40 dollars, the game is worth purchasing if you can find the game on a hefty Steam sale.  Unfortunately, the game lacks the deep, rich tactical combat that it purports to have and, instead, exists as an annotated view of the the tactical/wargamer genre.  Warhammer 40K fans will be delighted at the amount of units but most individuals would probably be better served purchasing the game on the iPad.  The game runs just as well, controls just as fluidly, costs less and its difficulty level better matches a portable/mobility environment.In fact, had the game not shipped on iOS almost a full year after I purchased it on Steam, I'd never have bought it for PC.  Weapons are said to affect different units in different ways but this is wholly untrue most of the time.  What's truly disappointing is paying 40 dollars for this game, which lacks any appreciable cut scenes, fleshed out story, unit animations, complex combat system or pervasive mulitplayer/modding community and yet experiencing Slitherine's absolute gall at asking for 20 dollars a scant year later for what amounts to a small expansion.  Seriously? You just charged us the price of a triple A game, despite obviously providing a much simpler experience and you can't give us some goodies and support before you hit us up again for money?If you can get it on sale, and like TBSes or WH40K, this game is a solid 7.Otherwise, 6/10."
76561197984460694,Recommended,312370,13091173,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,White Widow ~aMp~,"I love Panzer Corps and i love the Warhammer universe!This game brings both worlds together.But some basic features are missing, which make the gameplay kind of strenuous at times.If you ever played Panzer Corps you will notice the similarities immediatly.This game plays and looks almost the same, with a few differences.Most units are ranged (like the artillery in Panzer Corps) and you therefore dont have to move your units adjacent to the enemy`s units(unless you have a good melee unit or terrain doesnt allow it). i think its an interesting idea and i havent played enough to say if its a good one or not.The graphics and effects look alot better than in Panzer Corps, eventhough im missing some cool movement animations for the walkers.The units i was able to test out so far were awesome and fun to play with. cant wait to try out more.But at some points in the game it doesnt really seem finished.I am missing the loss markers floating up in the air after a battle. If you dont memorize the unit stats of the battling units, its sometimes hard to tell the exact losses on both sides. i would love more feedback on the battles overall, like Panzer Corps did at least.Comparing units in the shop-screen is also a bit of a drag, thanks to the lack of red and green numbers as indicators Panzer Corps had.I really hope the devs will implement these features soon and i will really enjoy playing this!"
76561197963315984,Recommended,312370,21499995,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ben!to,"First of all, i bought it for 40% off, the original Price is just too high.Overall you will get a stroy driven Campaign in a Panzergeneral-like Fashion. e.g. Infantry Takes Citys, Tanks fight off lighter Units, Titans Kill Tanks etc.If youre a Warhammer 40k fan you will get a Nerdgasm seeing the Unit Rooster for the Game, its just great an fullfills every Desire:You want to go all out Mobile Infantry? No problem! You want to play a Ulra Heavy Tank Divisio? No Problem! You want to spamm dozens of Orgyns with Titan Support ? Go ahead!Furthermore, you get a Mapeditor/ScenarioEditor, so you can get yourself an infinite Amount of Gameplay hours.Also its worth Google for mods for this Game, there a additional Units and even additional Races like Tau and Tyranids out there.The Only thing which lacks is a Random Map generator in which you get buy your own Force and have Random Objectives. Another thing which is kind of a bummer, you got Turn limints an almost every Scenario- after around 20+ Rounds every Match is over, which feels kind of wrong because you need to rush to fullfill your Mission. Would be nice to have a option to deactive this.Overall a solid  8/10, for around 20 Dollar- nor worth much more."
76561198019387413,Recommended,312370,13090654,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Rzt99,"After 1 hour:Thanks to any Developers that spent their time programming Warhammer 40K games!. ( When they are well done)This games seems to be great. Many different units with different weapons. Differnt terrain etc.Turn based is great anyway. Panzer General (Panzer Corps) as Warhammer 40K. Thats great!!!! THX.After 17 hours:The Multiplayer is great.You can make your move and click End turn. The Opponent gets an E-MAIL that now is his turn, and he can make it whenever he wants to.  No stress. You can take your time and don t have to play everything in one row and come late to ""work""( or whatever).Many different units.Salamanders!!!!! ( GREAT!!!)AFTER 24 hours: The more I play this game the more I like it!!!!. There are so many units. The multiplayer is great!!!!!!!!AFTER 47 hours: Game is still getting better and better. New Patch. Many improvements. 9/10AFTER 170 hours: Again new update. I m so close to give 10/10 and I want to call it:"" the best game ever""!!!!!!!!  There s just one small important thing the developers have to to, i won t say what it is. Maybe after they did it. Great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AFTER 310 hours: The developers didnt t add my desired feature, but theres another way to delete, dead multiplayer games. You have to write an E-Mail to Slitherine. They will delete the over 30 days old. A little strange but, after some time now I think I ll do it. The games is 10/10. There never was a game ( expect as a child maybe ) that was so much fun to me. There are still some things could be immroved or added and  I hope there will be comming a lot more Factions like Tau..... and some cool add ons / DLC s. What I really like is, that after all the time it is not getting boring. Its getting more and more interesting. Now I see the game with different eyes and I try to find special tactics and try many combinations of troops."
,Recommended,312370,13091235,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,valamelkor,"New WH40K game from the same people who are behind Panzer Corps, Distant Worlds and many more great titles.Epic campaign with awesome voice actors, pretty challenging AI, good selection of units. Battlefield looks realistic as most units have ranged weapons and can hit enemy over several hexes.We can see a great start for a new serie of WH40K games. Hope to see more xenos and loyalists in next expansions :)"
,Recommended,312370,13262788,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ac429,"Very cool!  Exactly, how warhammer 40k video games should be played!  Bonus points for telling the story from an IG perspective, but I'm personally a bit biased towards that. ;)-The mechanics are solid.-The veriety of units is amazing!-The models look really good, if you like 2 sprites and what not.-The meta between scouts (vision), tanks (armor), infrantry (control), and artillery (range) is pretty cool.I think some people might complain that the game doesn't warn you that a unit has not fire and could fire before you end your turn.  But, on the flip side of it, I can see that it could be annoying if I deliberately have my unit hold fire (so that it's not shot back), and the game needlessly reminds me of it.  So, all good.10/10"
,Recommended,312370,16067565,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Pickles the Cat,"Extremely well done turn-based Hex strategy game that builds on the genre popularized by the Panzer General series.  The mechanics are solid. If you ever enjoyed turn-based Hex strategy you will like this, even if you are not a Warhammer fan. Alas, if you do enjoy the genre and are a Warhammer fan you must pick this game up.This game is a 2D game and it's not about graphics! However, for a turn-based Hex strategy game it is what it needs to be. The unit icons are accurate and the types and styles of units are MANY. Slithering did a good job delving into detail and types. Codex friendly if I may say so.Running this on an HP Elitebook with 1440p screen resolution, Intel Core M processor & 8GB of RAM, runs great!!!"
76561198000185285,Recommended,312370,13122311,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TeacherNL,"This was an instabuy. PanzerCorps was/is great. Always thought of a panzercorps with warhammer(40k) units. Now it's here.Played a couple of missions. Game plays smoothly, encountered no bugs so far. Tactics are a must. Just rushing in and blazing away will end your units rather quickly. Protect your core units. Restart and try different strategies if you have to. Great game so far!"
76561198011513677,Not Recommended,312370,13102146,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Southiesox,"I have to say that Im a little bummed at the lack of complexity in this game.  Here are some gripes I  have:Don't say you are including a hot seat mode and then make it impossible to play hotseat.  The method you use to set this up makes no sense and mine doesnt even work.The armies are way too limited.  Period.If you are using the steel panthers model, then why not be as thorough as they.  This game feels like a bare bones attempt and there is so much lacking I can already see the DLC's coming to take more money.  Gee I wonder how much a tyranid army is going to cost.Overall, this is a bit of a disappointment.  I feel like there is such a vast world fr 40k and what theyve given us is a thumbnail for 30 bucks.  If they download patches for free then that might be worth it.  But as it is now, this game should be about $14.99.  Slitherine way underdeveloped this game and GW should be kinda mad.  I know I was when my excitement slowly faded as I realized what I was playing.  I will keep it on my computer in the hopes that there will be some updates."
76561198006526947,Recommended,312370,16107846,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ltexcalibur,"nice game and i do recommend itwould of liked to have seen more steel legion units ( infantry, vehicles, artillery, aircraft + titans )shame steam doesn't have Final Liberation now that was a good game"
76561198007132747,Recommended,312370,13101885,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,eldus,"Does anyone remember WH40k: Rites of War? It's Panzer General + Warhammer 40k.The same goes here.Good: solid gameplay, favourit setting, tons of units.Bad: Hmmm... nothing major. Music in dialogs. Only three ""factions"" - Imperial Guard, Space Marines (3 chapters) and Orks.I recommend this for turn-based fans only, by the way."
,Recommended,312370,13114130,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kimthulhu,"I. Love. This. Game!The price at release might seem a bit steep, but if you're a 40k fan then it's probably worth it. I found they captured the 40k atmosphere well, the unit diversity is quite frankly incredible, and there's sufficient strategic depth to keep the strategy game fans among us interested. If you're crazy about 40k and strategy games, get it. If not, you could wait for a sale I guess.For the Emprah!"
76561197993277074,Recommended,312370,13090861,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Asterix von TWC,"Highly enjoyable and adictive, as always from Slitherine. Well designed, nearly bug free, and I can already tell will be spendig hours and weeks  on this one.Expected much, got even more"
76561197964866568,Recommended,312370,13138881,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"An old-school strategy game in WH40k setting.The game feels ""cheap"" but polished.The units are quite accurate and generally are fun to play. The strategy aspect is simple, yet solid.Interface could be a little better, but it still takes little time to learn and play.This reminds me of People's General game (which itself was probably a clone of similiar games) from 1998 I believe.Graphics wise, it is not better now (2014 :)) but If you love WH40k, you will like this game.Otherwise, you would have nothing to look at really.The gameplay is solid, but music is basically non-existant (a great shame, People's Generl for example had great music that made you want to go back to the game). Others sounds are simple, units have no animations (outside of shooting). There are several scenarios and campaings.Overall It would be 5/10 for  someone who doesn't care about 40k setting, otherwise I would give 7/10. (for gameplay, RTS aspect done well and great detail and ammount of available unit types. Would go higher, if sound was better, more animations maybe wouldn't hurt it too)"
76561198029483725,Not Recommended,312370,13102061,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hades987,"http://www.slitherine.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=235&t=54402How Disappointing!So yeah, title pretty much says it all.Played 40k for over 22 years now and this is just bad. There is no denying it, it feels almost as if it's not even a GW game.Tool tips are poor at best, even though information is given still not sure whats it's about!Gretchin with 80% accuracy? really? did you guys even know what a gretchin is like in the game and yet he has a 80% accuracy and gets a range and melee attack? They had blunderbuss's and that 1 attack range or 1 attack melee not both. kinda stupid gretchin fighting as good as rough riders.Graphics look rather dated.Unit list? If i have the resource points to buy something why can't i? Why would you limit the number of units a person can have plus combine a resource manager? If i want to swarm with conscripts why can't i? why do i have ot say hey well your useful but since i'm limited on how many units i can your not good enough when there are better.Mission objects. WTF are they? Was falling back south to the second continent when i had to do a jungle defense. turn 8 i get told defeat. No orcs had made it through my line, they hadn't captured any bases past me and i hadn't pushed forward.I reload the map and restart it and it DOES NOT give any mission objectives. I click continue when i'm defeat and it prompts me to start from the every 1st mission again. Do you realise how annoying it is to be told your defeated when you have no idea why?Experience? No idea how this plays out or how to earn it.Scouting with rough riders or scout tanks is a damn nightmare, haviong fog of war and no option to use move points they haven't been used it just a waste of troops. Don't know how many times a rough rider unit moves forward half way it's possible move and run into orks and then died as sure you only moved half your possible distance but now you can't move anymore. This mechanic makes scouting pointless might as well turn fog of war off.why no tool tips when you hover over orders, you realise how much hassle it was to work out how to repair units?Support units, how exactly do they work? as this is no mechanic i know of in 40k.Army size small.Map size tiny to what i thought they would be.Yet once again i get lured into a death trap of a game due to the GW symbol and to think i was giving this a go due to Blood Bowl 2 being put back. Damn you BB.Let just say friends of mine have asked for a review on Monday on what i think and so far i'm giving this a 3/10.sure it's a turn based game and i like that thing, but it plays nothing like 40k from which it's drawn.Now as for the limited Armies to pick from, can't say how Highly Disappointed i am!!!!!!Orks and Imp Guard really? Now i've read this forum and i see dev saying hey this is all the IP rights we have. Well guess what either your screwing us or GW is as i know Black Templars and Salamanders codex 1st came out with the release of Armaggedon. Eldar craftworlds also came out, i still have the Armaggedon Codex in my games room if you want to try dispute that one with me.Plus there was also chaos, so really this is a rather poor pathetic attempt to suck money out of GW fans with a sub standand game that has only the title and unit names are from the 40k GW universe that this is suppose to be planned from.Now how exactly does 1 get a refund since this is nothing like what i expected to get when i paid my hard earned $30US for."
76561198047629956,Recommended,312370,29993129,Posted: 17 February,all,nate.munson12,"I really enjoy this game. I love the Warhammer and 40k franchises, so this was on my wishlist. But, unlike Dawn of War (which can get boring and repetitive), Armageddon has kept me very enticed. It's challenging, engaging, and really what I've been looking for in a strategy game.As a fan of Civ & the Total War games, this is unique in that you're focused 100% on battle & strategy. You will make wrong decisions, so making adjustments is crucial. You can't just overload your army with top tier units, or win by sheer numbers alone--and there is no autoresolve. You must be very strategic with your unit balance, and your money, as you only have so much per battle and it will not refresh--it's smart to save your money/reinforcements, as you might need to call them in to attack/defend a new objective introduced mid-battle.This game truly has been fantastic, and has re-sparked my interest in Warhammer. The tabletop games got too expensive and time consuming for me, but I feel like Armageddon has allowed me to have fun as if I was playing 40k on a table, but can do it cost effectively via a computer game. It'd be really cool if they could make a game similar that (essentially) uses this style of gameplay to recreate the tabletop gaming for these franchises.tl;dr - fantastic hex, turn-based strategy game. Great for Warhammer fans, or anyone looking for a new strategy game."
76561198141403139,Recommended,312370,13105679,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,JD_888,"This is more of a first impression than a real review, but so far it's been a pleasent experience.The elephant in the room: the graphics are bare-bones at best, and there is barely any animation at all. If this is a deal-breaker for you, don't bother with this game. That said, the sprites look very nice and explosions and other effects are are good too. The graphics are very clean and functional, you won't have to guess if a unit is in cover or has LoS blocked.Sound effects are good, but music is disappointing. I switched to Dawn of War soundtrack after a few hours. There is some voice acting in the campaign and it's been fine so far.Gameplay is similar (not identical) to old 40k titles like Rites of War or Final Liberation. This is a very loose adaptation of tabletop 40k rules. There are some balance issues that I hope will be adressed, but I haven't seen anything gamebreaking so far.The game only has 3 factions, but the number of units they have is mind-boggling, including weird/obscure stuff like hive militia or space marines with grav guns. Very nice. Some options that I thought would be there are missing (for example sentinels can only have lascannons, no flamers, no multi-lasers etc).AI seems alright so far, although it's sometimes a little too passive.Can't really comment on the editor yet, it seems really simple to use.Is it worth the price? If what I wrote sounds like the type of game you've been waiting for, then go for it. If you're on the fence, or don't have much experience with this kind of turn-based games you might want to wait for a bigger discount, this game is not for everyone."
,Recommended,312370,14233656,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Rivethead,"If you're a 40k fan, this game is a must own. Its the closest you'll get to the tabletop experience on a PC. Now its not the complete tabletop experience just fyi. However it is great at what it does do, which is deliver a solid 40k tactical game with over 300 different units/vehicles/troops etc.  The interface is a bit simple but I have a feeling over the next coming months there may be some changes to that, no official info just a hunch.The game plays as a very fun and engaging tactical experience. Your units really do matter, unlike say Dawn of War II where you can just throw the biggest units at everything and watch them troll over them. Just like in tabletop 40k, you want to use the right one in the right situation to overcome the onslaught of the WAAAGH!Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a solid 40k experience. If you're not a fan of 40k or TBS war games, you can probably overlook this one."
76561197991996184,Recommended,312370,13090354,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,cb_boatie,Love it!Panzer General + Warhammer 40k with full mods will be a dream come true for all 40k fans.  Strategy gamers just got a great xmas gift.
76561198033602224,Recommended,312370,19027421,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lokikismit,"Absolutely love it, would highly recommend it to anyone who like strategy games. If you like Warhammer 40K, then you should love the story, and if you aren’t familiar with the series, it’s still really good. Game play is great, very straight forward and easy to follow. Lots of units and variety, with no clear dominant unit. Get a lot of powerful titans and watch yourself lose a lot.That said, it does have some problems. Sometimes the dialogue is confusing and it can be glitchy (instant healing enemies for no reason, won’t read a save file, etc.) on both my computers. The game won’t show you how many turns you have to complete a mission until after you deploy. And, you are forced to use your units from the previous mission. This isn’t a big deal until they give you a mission where an armored column is the most effective, then next mission you need a lot of infantry, etc. The map editor is very limited (I.E. you can’t pit steel legion against steel legion, only the other forces). However, worst of all, there is no skirmish mode.I would love to see them open it up so that you could say pit Ultramarine against ultramarine. Especially an AI controlled opponent, so you don’t have to wait a long time on your opponent and can practice various strategies."
76561197991150852,Recommended,312370,13487151,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ioa_vas,"For anyone, who for ages, wished for a serious conversion of EPIC to the computer screen, this is it.The game (currently at v 1.3) is old school strategy game. It will remind you of the Panzer Corps ""platform"", wven though it is targeted at the Warhammer 40k enthusiast.I would like to see a better use of airpower, more like Panzer Corps.Highly recommended"
76561198195771765,Recommended,312370,19462668,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,shaneanderson8789,I love the Ork Hunters. But i wich there were more Heavy Armour options. Imperial Guard for life.
76561197966869112,Recommended,312370,13112472,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,einssi,"I like basicly what every other reviewer seems to in this WH40k meets Panzer Corps game. A few rough edges, but nothing that you really even care to be bothered about, since all the other bits of the game are gold. Also, the rough edges should be pretty easy to polish with a few patches. Namely the lack of assault animations (sort of the biggest of my griefs), enemy turn speed slider, and somewhat vague manual (the stats are pretty straighforward once you look into them though).Having progressed a bit futher into the game, I also love the differences in types of scenarios presented, they are starting to branch out from what I got used to playing Panzer Corps.Strongly recommend for everyone who liked Panzer Corps, and loves WH40k. If you're just a WH40k enthusiast, a word of warning though. This is not the tabletop game, nor can any game ever be (probably.) Things work with their own set of rules, however the units and their uses are easily recognizable from the original lore."
76561198037077145,Recommended,312370,28766834,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WildmanSteve,"It's basically the video game version of a giant Warhammer 40k table top battle. I've just been playing it on easy and it is fantastic.  The turn based strategy system is perfect for controlling such massive scaled wars. If it were in real time, it would be far too much to manage all at once. This system lets you really startegize your next move and attack while maintaining total control of where your units are at all times.  I dont even mind the graphics and the scroll zoom works great. I highly recommend this game (and the 3 Space Marine DLC's) to any warhammer 40k fan that wants a chilled out, board game style game."
76561198012646530,Recommended,312370,29433493,Posted: 22 January,all,majburt,"Lots of 40K universe flavor.  Great look.  Better with a human opponent.  Is this a 'grand strategy' game. heck no.  It's a fun little tactical romp so you can play with your space marine toys on the computer.  As such, it excels.  Highly recommend for those that love the fiction behind Warhammer 40K."
,Recommended,312370,21646541,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,General Hoth,"Hi Steam-community,This review has two sections.  The first section is the brief summary, the second section is more intense and detailed.Section IThis game is really amazing! It surprised me with how good it is.  Sorry for the negativity, but I must honestly say that I was not going to ever buy this game.  It took me around two months to decide, I almost did not decide, then as soon as I did I had instant buyer's remorse.I had a low opinion of the game (without playing it) because I watched youtube videos of people reviewing/talking about the game, and because I read reviews of the game (on the steam community, mostly).  I can most thoroughly state that these negative, very negative, and polemical reviews lack a fundamental understanding of these games and have the wrong expectations of what the game means.As for the game, it is so awesome!!!! To explain in simple terms:1) Essentially, this is a Warhammer 40,000 version of Panzer CorpsA) Panzer Corps, for those who do not know, is a re-make and grand extension of THE classic strategy game, Panzer        General2) Very complex, detailed game3) the most realistic Warhammer 40K game made so far: 40K games are not known for realism ;)4) near endless hours of replayability5) more difficulty levels then the average gamer could actually need :-)6) Armageddon belongs to a rare category of game called ""strategy"", this is not an RTS game7) so many units8) tons of subtle differences between unit types9) a distinct lack of disturbing gameplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ torture, mutilation)To summarize, try this game! It is great.  The game is really rewarding for those who do not consider ""strategy"" to mean the same thing as ""real time strategy"".  This has been the absolute best purchase I have made for a game on steam that I originally thought was absolute horse droppings.Cheers!ps......more specific information below:Section IIWhat does this game not have:1) sexual themes, including:--misogyny--semi-pornographic scenes/references2) extreme violence/gore/torture3) constant flashing/strobing lightsWhat the game does have:1) numerous DLC's2) really great graphics (for this type of game)3) fun and involving missions4) huge number of units5) great mapsBest comparisons:1) Go, Chess2) Hearts of Iron (but more intuitive)3) Civilization IV (but more complex)4) Warhammer 40K (actual 40K, the miniatures, not a video game like dawn of war)This game is essentially a Warhammer 40k version of Panzer Corps, Panzer Corps is a re-make of an older game called Panzer General.  Panzer Corps is the most intensive and complex strategy game that I have ever seen, while at the same time being very fun, historically accurate and easily playable with an incredible number of difficulty settings.  Armageddon plays just like Panzer Corps, but with a Warhammer 40k setting.  This game also is a more rookie-friendly adaptation, being far less complex and easier to learn to play.  Veterans of the Panzer Corps games who also like 40K will find this to be quite fun, but this game does not fairly compare to Panzer Corps and is really a simplified version of that game.  Of course, compared to most ""strategy"" games out there on the market, this game is still head and shoulders above the crowd.The best way to think about games like this is as a massive, and far more complicated, Chess board.  One moves pieces around, on a turn by turn basis, and then the opponent does so.  Humans players are completely irrelevant: the AI is more then enough and actually the vast majority of people that play these games is not capable of beating the best AI levels anyway.To be fair to the game, a review of this game really ought to be at least 18 pages because there is so much to say about this game and how it works.  Please excuse this brief review! Do what I did, roll the dice, purchase the game and find that ""old-school"" strategy games were really popular and famous for a reason.Cheers!"
76561198116709247,Recommended,312370,13215375,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,yjzep,"The multiplayer had died down a bit.  I find it hard to complete matches.  If you play this game thru PBEM, and you start to lose, either surrender or just keep fighting.  The current trend of ignoring your turn eternally once the match is starting to tilt away is just bad sportsmanship.  I lose matches, and always give them the satisfaction of the victory screen that I want to see when I win. IJSANYWAYS, they just added the first DLC scenarios.  FREE.  Lordz is working hard to make this game great.  I stopped playing for awhile to try and thin my library backlog a bit (50+ hour rpgs that I decided to play thru all this winter)  as of this update on Feb 24, 2015, This game is WAYYY smoother interface wise than it was when I first played it.  NO, they won't make it a 3d graphics dynamo, but any missing feature has a chance of being put in.  The devs obviously care for the game and the community surrounding it.50 HOUR MARK... 3 weeks after release and there has already been a second patch.  The devs are on the forums, both here and at slitherine, listening to us about what we want in the game.  They have added numerous features like tooltips and info screens.  They have been and are going to continue with balance, and both Slitherine and Lordz personnel has stated that the game has an immense future.  DLC in a slitherine game is what it should be.  No cosmetic features for sale here.  No removed content.  Full campaigns!  I also have taken to the WH40K ""fluff"".  Intriguing.  After studying up on this war, they really do a good job at faithfully recreating the feel in the game.30 HOUR MARK...  Multiplayer thru PBEM is fantastic!  The community is great!  The written scenarios are very well done.  Very fun.  Some question the lack of epic feel of the 2nd war for Armaggedon.  The late midgame maps seem pretty epic to me!  Titans, heavies, troops everywhere!  Don't overcommit or you'll get flanked!  Now I am thinking about WH40K TT again...well, this is close enough for only for 40$.  I LOVE this game!My Warhammer experience is very limited. Limited to watching a couple games for a few minutes in the mall.  Strategy games are my favorite kind of game.  Especially turn based.  Time to think is the great equalizer.  I'm getting old.  My fps skills are not what they were, and pales in comparison to those of some kid who skips classes to play 12 hrs a day.  At least some of my steam hours are spent sleeping at a title screen because my kids tired me out before I even got game time in.I picked this up during the steam sale at a great price because of a steam glitch.  I have no interest in Warhammer per se, but I recently discovered Slitherine after being a console guy for the last 7 years with no gaming rig and a 360.  I played Hell, Battle Academy, and Panzer Corps as well.  All similar turn based table/board like wargames, however very different.  Of the 4, Warhammer has been the most fun so far.Since I never read any warhammer, the lore is generic to me.  I have no emotional attatchment.  I do think the atmosphere is very cool tho.  There are a redicuous amount of units in this game.  groups of similar units with slight variances seem like reskins, but they make ALL the difference in the tactics of each scenario.  Especially on the harder settings, The slight edge in defense might mean one more turn alive as a stopgap, bringing you that much closer to holding your objective till that last turn.  The one with a tic less def and more range attack would help in an offensive situ.  The game plays kinda similar to panzer general (same dev, maybe this is a beefed engine).  While that game is more historic, this one will provide with the thrill of holding a chokepoint against a HORDE of slowly advancing enemies.Typical Slitherine mechanics are present.  Zones of control are there, but left invisible.  You will just notice that you cant move thru an enemy rank to flank, you need to skirt it.  Not very prudent in a limited turn scenario.  With the turn limit in play, you need to improvise.  This isn't a group up on individual enemy unit type game.  You will need to multitask.  The UI isn't fluffy.  It is servicable.  Everything is there.  Lots of mousing for tooltips over tiny buttons.  However, this isn't an RTS.  You don't need efficiency.  The UI almost encourages you to slow your roll and THINK.  EVERY TURN counts.  This isnt a click end turn fest like a civ game.If it seems I'm gushing, I may be.  I am not a Matrix fanboy.  I never bought the games because they are pricy.  Lately, slitherine and some others have realized that the market has room for them at a slightly reduced price point.  They realized that early adopters of software, especially complex mechanics like these, will be beta testing to a degree.  No amount of beta possible for a smaller outfit like them could get all the balance issues.  I don't mean bugs.  I mean tweaks.  The hundreds of playstyles converging on the forums will induce changes in the game from both the developers, who frequent the forums, and the mod community.  Editor is included.  I already love this game, and it WILL get better for a while.  Moderately priced dlc scenarios will be coming I'm sure.  Usually they are full campaigns.  If they keep them at 10-15$, I may buy them all.  More than that well see.It seems this game is aimed at the warhammer TT fans.  Possibly the older crowd.  It has been said that this game looks old.  It does.  It plays smoothly however.  The graphics are just fine for a digital boardgame.  No, not late 90s.  Go put a late 90s game in and change the res to 1080p without a mod and see how good the models look.  Pretty graphics games are often like many models.  Beautiful, but try to have a 20 minute conversation with them that has any complexity to it.  My first girlfriend was gorgeous, but a box of rocks.  I swore never to make that mistake again.  I digress, slitherine makes games that are repops and adjustments to a longstanding hobby.  Many Warhammer fans may be used to the flashy 3d RTS games.  This isn't one of those.  This is for those fans who maybe desired a digital table top game that you could play without a friend and a ride.If you are a warhammer table top fan get this game now.  Don't worry about the whining about animations etc.  If you are a slitherine fan or wargamer, get it.  Great take on the Panzer Corps angine.  If you don't want a complex wargame, and need flashy direct x 11 graphics, save your money.  Or don't.  You may not know what you like if you don't try it!  The one bad thing I have to say, is that the manual is very brief.  It barely covers the basics, and the deeper mechanics of the ruleset go unexplained.  Yes you can play and wing it, but the hard diffgiculty would take some degree of mastery, and explanations need to be gleaned from the devs on the forums."
76561198006579642,Recommended,312370,13314048,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,LoneWolf,"Pros-replayability-diverse amount of units ( 300 plus units :0)-devs seems to be still improving the game-warhammer 40k universe-turnbased, good for someone who is busy and wants to play maybe only one turn a day-beautiful models-mod potential-scale of battle is fantastic-strategically satisfying-fun multiplayerCons-not too many animations (but they are not necessary IMO)-needs more scenario and map customization-only 3 factions orks, space marines, imperial guard (not including space marine variant factions)-no team fights-no ranking systemConclusionThis game is good, but still has so much potential! If the devs keep updating and improving the game then this is a must get. If the updates stop then the buy is a little bit more questionable. But nonetheless if you are into turnbased strategy and scifi then I definitely recommend getting this title.P.S. to Devsadd more factions and I guarantee this game will become a landmark 40k title"
76561197996314601,Recommended,312370,33453105,Posted: 11 July,all,simonbrowne404,"This game managed to combine two of my favourite things... Panzer General and Warhammer 40k. If you like those two things you will love this game. For those familiar with Panzer General, this is essentially the same game mechanics with a 40k theme.The story is slim, but I'm already familiar with the lore and so I was just playing for the gameplay. Some people may find this style of game very dry, but if you like your old school wargames you will like this.One thing I would like is for there to be a little more branching of the campaign. could add a whole lot more replayabilty."
76561197997323506,Recommended,312370,13124792,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Battle-ranch,Easy to get into. Fun and Immersive. Any 40k fan would enjoy this game.
,Recommended,312370,21748328,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ethesto the Radical Feminist,"Great game in concept, the missions generally have a nice mixture of feeling like you are a god with your hordes of infantry and tanks yet a challenge if you are under timed conditions. However I think there is a huge need for AI to be added to the game so players can skirmish against the AI as replayability is practically non existence and this game is only being kept alive by the mountains of DLC being thrown in to add new missions.Other than that if it is on sale I would recommend it."
,Recommended,312370,13937684,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,black_dragon74,"I've played through most of the campaign, and I think I have a good enough grasp of it to give a sound review.On the whole this game is good. It's got Space Marines, it's got Orks, it's got trenchcoat-toting soldiers with laser guns, and it's got Titans. Game mechanics are solid, and challenging without being frustrating. The campaign is fun and interesting, although they really should have hired a better editor for the dialogue, preferably one that knows 40K lore; there were several misspellings and misuse of key terms (""exterminatus"" is not the faux-latin term for executing insubordinate officers, it's the term for annihilating PLANETS).The graphics are laughable, but we're not here for shiny next-gen pictures. We're here to listen to laser guns go ""pew pew!"" and watch little numbers get smaller.So on the whole, this is solid. But there were some very odd design choices made as it was being developed that bear noting. It's okay that the game doesn't perfectly mimic the tabletop game, but some decisions in the design are just bizarre. They're mostly small things, though. Jump infantry can't leap over obstacles and enemies (which is the whole point of their troop type). Some unit models clearly have weapons like power fists or turret sponsons that aren't registered on their unit profile and therefore don't fire with the rest of the weapons. The game gives us dozens of variations of Leman Russ battle tanks, but apparently doesn't feel like putting the same effort into infantry options; there are a lot of weapons and options in the Imperial Guard and Space Marine infantry list that are simply unavailable to the player. Not a huge deal, but kind of galling when the player is flummoxed by the sheer variety of armor. And for some reason a Space Marine Predator is tougher than a Leman Russ battle tank, when it should be the other way around, but that might be a little to esoteric a complaint.Speaking of infantry, the game's campaign mode has absolutely nothing like the force organization chart that is the staple of Warhammer tabletop games. Compounding this flaw is the fact that your army is primarily limited by an absolute number of unit slots, and that each unit takes up one slot whether it's a pack of Conscripts or a Baneblade. As such, as the game advances, the player is able to - I might even venture ENCOURAGED to - build an utterly unbalanced army full of titans and superheavy tanks and elite infantry. There's essentially no reason to keep weaker units around; as you get access to Space Marines you'll inevitably swap out your Steel Legion infantry, because... why wouldn't you? Space Marines are better in every way, and during later missions the Orks field very few units that Steel Legion infantry can effectively fight, no matter their experience level. The only advantage of older infantry units is their cheap point cost, but you're given enough points at the beginning of each deployment phase to buy most of, if not everything that you want (you do want to save some for ordering replacements). And once they're on the field, the tougher and better-armed units usually pay for themselves by being better in combat. I would have preferred a more nuanced and balanced approach.These problems are unlikely to be fixed, as they're probably embedded too deeply in the game. But none of them are deal-breakers and the game is still a lot of fun. Purge the xeno!"
76561197971333775,Not Recommended,312370,13117331,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bad_syntax,"Its panzer general, but with new graphics.  The voices between missions are nice, but it doesn't really feel like the game is done.  Units aren't animated which is kinda lame, and you can only play the imperium.  There are quite a few bugs.Good news is that there is an easy to use scenario editor, and it would be quite easy to mod this game into whatever you want it to be.... as long as that is a turn based/hex based/panzer general type game.I don't think its worth over $10, and regret paying $30.  It is, by far, the least enjoyable 40K game to come out.  Since Dawn of War, they have simply gotten worse each time :("
,Recommended,312370,13091807,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,macmillanjamie,"Its been a long time friend......off the mark its near as dammit perfect with out the painting involved. Ive only played an hour and exremely happy of the result. I am gutted this slipped under my radar and only saw it today on store, i had to rub my eyes in disbelief. This is what Epic 40k was needing, this game is it!. I expect lots of expasion packs and other factions but im sure the hardcore of us will be on with that sooner rather than later i expect. Graphics units could've had a little movement but in all I am so glad they made this. Fingers crossed it gets good praise it deserves it. not everybodys cup of cha but it is 40k. Easily worth more (think how much we would need to spend on these armies down the local GW), THANK YOU THANK YOU and PRAISE THE EMPEROR"
76561198041467256,Recommended,312370,25196154,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Olis,"For those of you of a particular age who have played Final Liberation, this is the spiritual successor in pretty much every respect. Granted, there's no Commissar Holt, but we get Yarrick instead. Good enough for me.The graphics aren't going to wow people new to the 40k universe but the little details that fans are aware of are there (usually in the form of upgraded units). The sounds are par for the course, but generally what is expected from a title that's carrying the torch for Final Liberation. The story, set during the Second War for Armageddon, is relatively spare if competant enough. However, who plays a strategy title for the story?For someone like me, a 40k fan for at least long enough to remember the old 90's PC games, this is a nice game. For someone expecting a game that pushes boundaries, this isn't for you. I'd recommend this title if you like strategy games, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,312370,20604963,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,F0r31gn W1nt3r,"Just to be clear, I really enjoy this game, I find it very easy to just pick up and just do a mission or two.Furthermore, it only took a couple minutes for me to get a hang of UI and be able to do stuff quickly.Despite a lot of reviews, as someone who is relatively good at strategy games, I was able to do missions in alternate methods just out of fun. Finally, while the base missions tend to fit my playstyle pretty easily, theres also a easy to use scenario creator (dont remember what its called), so you can make your own scenarios to fit a slow advance or whatever you want.Obviously nothings perfect, and i wouldnt say this game is for everyone. Missions can get very challenging rather quickly and almost every missions starts off with being outnumbered by what feels like 1:100. Personal problem is a lack of space wolves but cant really complain because i dont really know the details of their license.So to kinda sum it up, It's a fun but frustrating game that involves quite a bit of forethought before making a move and I would kill for a bit of customisation but I know how difficult something like that would be to add if they were even allowed to do it in the first place"
76561198034872885,Recommended,312370,18900694,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,kuehnercssr,For a Slitherine game it is good. I almost did not buy the game because it was a Slitherine game but I was bored and I thought why not. It still has the problem of any Siltherine game. No creativity. No cause and effect for your action and a linear progression through the story. They caim that all their games are complex and have in depth game play but they all are very simplistic in how they play out. You will be asked to make disisions in this game but it means nothing as in all Slitherine games. In spite of all this the combat system between the unites and the combat machanics are very good.In the end I recommend the game in spite of it being a typical Slitherune game.My recommandations to Slitherine is to make the game more like WH 40K Dark Crusade and WH 40K Soul Storm.Also I want the Tua.
,Not Recommended,312370,30615327,Posted: 19 March,all,ZobarStyl,"This game could be fun, but unfortunately opts not to be. Instead of intelligent turn based combat, the missions are just timed rushes to reach the objective that leave the idea of strategy in the dust. If you enjoy thoughtful, planned out warfare games, you won't enjoy Armageddon."
76561197984502512,Not Recommended,312370,13325588,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Mastnosis,"While this game seems to hold the promise of Panzer General meets Warhammer 40k it doesn't quite live up to expectations. The gameplay appears similar, but it is only superficial. It lacks some of the bits that make PG/C great though it is hard to define what those are. Sure the UI is slightly deficient and there are some unit balance issues, but the problems seems more fundamental than that.It is hard to build raport with your core units as they easily get wiped out, and unit replacements only dilute experience. There seems little value in keeping those last few remaining figures alive. Almost all of your experience will be wiped out anyway and the cost of replacement is on par with a new purchase.I cannot comment on multiplayer since i have not played it yet (I'm not ready to recommend this to my friends yet), but the campaigns while maintaining the Warhammer ethos, don't ignite my grognard passion. There seems little to reward your victorious efforts. There are no bonuses to early victory. And your forces are sure to be in tatters due to the sheer volume of enemies and will therefor be no better than green recruits for your next mission.While this game may rise to greatness after a few more patches, tbh I have little faith the dev team will take it there. I think they have made some design decisions that they are not willing to revisit that are key to unlocking this games potential. They will continue to tweak the game in its current form, but that special sauce will continue to elude them.I think the common answer to what people think of the game will continue to be ""It's OK""."
76561197986580984,Recommended,312370,28967050,Posted: 2 January,all,karl_ito,Wonderful game. I love it.Of course it is a game for tacticians and lovers of the Universe of 40K. But if you are not afraid of the graphics: Jump in!
,Recommended,312370,23776286,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Emberoth,"By my fury, they shall know the Emperors name!Good game, very simple and easy to learn, and with pretty solid gameplay.The voice work is decent some characters are better acted than others, and it's fun to interact with big characters such as Yarrick and Dante.The game also takes place in a pretty well documented and well known part of Warhammer 40k lore. The story is quite solid as well. All in all, it's a great game to pick up if you're a fan of the setting, but don't expect anything overly flashy.That being said, you don't need to know the lore to appreciate the gameplay, and you don't need to be a 40k lore buff in order to understand the story of the game.So if you're a 40k fan I really recommend that you check this one out. If you're just looking for a fun turn based strategy game, then that works too I guess."
76561198035883888,Recommended,312370,20774901,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,varanfan,"A bit on the pricey side, but still a veyr fun game. Turn off fog of war on your first play through though, or else it's much more difficult than really managable."
,Recommended,312370,29774372,Posted: 7 February,all,VX485,"A really fun game, while not as in depth as Panzer Corps it still remains challenging. The variety of units from the 40k universe is also very impressive and allows you to make a very diverse army that need not look the same on different play throughs.The story is also told quite well and stays faithful to the established 40k lore. The sheer number of missions is also impressive.I do think the game is a bit overpriced at $40 USD so pick it up when it's on sale."
76561198006717366,Recommended,312370,13888106,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,tdoyon001,"In short: surprisingly good!This game is targetted to boths fans of the Panzer commander games and Warhammer 40k players. It uses the engines of Panzer but it is played in the world of 40k. It's a tactical game in a grand campaign through which you go from mission to mission. It's a good plot with quite a few surprise in there.The good news: the engine is solid, the AI is good, it mounts good offense and counter-attack. The scenarios are well designed and provide a good challenge. It provides overall a good gameplay experience, which is key. Unit variety is incredible (in the hundreds).The bad news: the units graphics are not well animated (almost no animation) and the soundtrack is minimalist. Titans are too small, they should have been bigger.This is a must for any wargamer that loves the 40k universe. The sheer joy of finally playing with super-heavy tank and Titans is reward enough.It's still early but it looks like the community will be active on this one and design other 40k factions and scenarios/campaign to add to the overall gameplay experience and durability of the game."
,Recommended,312370,13158973,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Velihopea,"Game is TBS strategy in line with the classic panzer general. Not mainstream, so if you fancy high graphics and are unaware what panzer ganeral means, watch some replays before buying.Very good conversion of the Panzer Corps series into Wh40k universe. There are the traditional elements of core force which gains experience and carries on from scenario to scenario in the campaign. Units are divided to different groups (infantry, vehicles, tanks, artillery, air etc) each of which have tens of different units that you can unlock and upgrade to as the campaign progress.New things (apart from the setting and units) are that each unit can have multiple weapons with different stats. Also attack usually lead to counterattack, which gives more weight to attack range (no counterattack if target is out of range). Units have health and are very varied on how many individuals there are in the unit (the unit strength counter). For example goblins can have as much as 40 unit strength when tanks usually have 5.Game feels much more fluid than Panzer Corps and the graphics have also been improved a bit. Very enjoyable gameplay experience so far. Greatest + to the game from difficulty, on average difficulty I seem to get overrun by orcish hordes, not totally but unit casualties are hard to avoid. AI seems very capable in attacking.Minor complaints come from some missing UI elements. What is morale? How many points does reinforcement of unit take? How far can a unit see?Verdict: 9+"
,Recommended,312370,13490596,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[EL] The Emperor of Mankind,"Its a really fun game to just blow some time on if you have nothing else to do, or if you just need some entertainment during a car ride. I can't say it is worth its price but if it gets cheaper I suggest taking a look!!!!"
76561197989467123,Recommended,312370,13097773,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,lonl123,"I have been waiting for a good turn based 40k game for a long, long time. This fits the bill perfectly. The art is perfect and the voice acting is great. I am only a little ways into the campaign, and there are some real knuckle biter missions here...I also love the vast number of units to pick from. (Hell, and I havent even gotten to the Space Marine scenarios yet.)Anyway, great job on this...I am sure I will be infatuated with this until I beat the game...really hoping for a Horus Heresy game made with this engine..that would be awesome."
76561198002558761,Not Recommended,312370,14979296,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,conspiracycrow,"Another 40k game on steam that isn't worth the asking price.I love Warhammer 40k, I love tactical strategy games, I love grids to play said games on, but I do NOT love this game.The UI isn't made for humans. It gives no direction and insight to the controls. There aren't tooltips or explanation of why buttons are or are not working. If I was a mechanicum priest and I had the ability to directly interface with my computer then it probably wouldn't be so bad. Unfortunately, I am not a techpriest.The selection of armies available and the units representing them is minimal. I'm sure they are going to milk putting content that should have been available upon release for as long as they can.This game is worth $9.99 at the most. If you find this on sale them it could totally be worth the cost. It is just that any game that comes out for $39.99 better have a full development cycle to accommodate spending that much. Try looking at Mordheim or Endless Legend if you want a great tactical experience for the same price. Those are games worth the cost and they give you what you pay for; pfft even Storms of Vengeance is a better 40k game than this.P.S. I have read several of the reviews and it seems that if you are a Panzer General fan then you might find justification in being duped into spending $40 for this horrible game."
76561197975181486,Not Recommended,312370,30560989,Posted: 16 March,all,FiM Giggles,"To the people who wrote reviews saying this game was boring: I ignored you, and I'm sorry.I remembered Fantasy General from way back in the day and thought this game would be as good as the one I remembered.It was not.I did not enjoy this game. The animations and bits of story did not help immersion, but showed how shallow it was.If you like old, old school turn based hex battle games and Warhammer, you might like this. If not?You won't like this."
76561198017915571,Recommended,312370,22502399,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ender0656,"If you love Panzer General, Panzer Corps, and Warhammer 40k then this game is an absolute must have, simple as that."
76561197968515916,Recommended,312370,13164642,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,WereChihuahua,"Stellar wargame. Not just a mod of the outstanding Panzer Korps, but a completely fresh and unique game. The good stuff from PK is retained... the campaign core units gaining experience and upgrades as they progress together. But the scale is now very tactical with each unit having a variety of weapons systems with their own characteristics such as power, range and armor piercing ability. This makes for a more fluid war of movement and less of the grinding attrition. Further, the tried and true formula of each unit having 10 strength points and only elites getting one or two more is tossed out. Armored units are powerful and well protected but have few strength points. Orks can have up to 40 in a great green tide of howling anger!I couldn't be more pleased with what Slitherine, The Lordz, and Flashback have done here and look forward to seeing you all on the PBEM++ battlefield."
76561197978672903,Recommended,312370,13169701,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Radar09,"Simply a great game. Should be called ""Epic 40,000"" but that's just my personal opinion. Not all the way through yet, but really enjoying the variety of units and missions."
76561198013733517,Recommended,312370,32871000,Posted: 27 June,all,kane,Great game i have no problems paying full price for this game but i will say i am a strategy & 40k fan so that does influence my opinion on the game.
,Recommended,312370,21048423,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mr.,"TL;DR belowI just want to start off and say, to all those reviews that said the voice acting was bad, was so very wrong. In fact, I was impressed with the amount of detail that went not only into the voices, but the actual text itself was just as good.Now, I want to give a fair warning to those reading this review, it will only be useful if you had the same impression I had before buying the game, and if you can accept a bit of bias here and there, because I don't critique games very harsh like some other users might.So, I will start off with my first impression, and the very first place I go to any new game, is the options menu. It probably sounds stupid, but you can probably gauge how much work was put into the game if the option menu has a little bit of wiggle room. What I mean by that is, if it's very flexible, then that means a lot of work and detail was put into the game. (I will use W40K:A to refer to Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon by the way). W40K:A has a nice set of options for  a game that heavily relies on sprites and decals. The only graphical control in the option menu you are allowed to adjust, is the unit glow, and the hex-grid of none, light, or heavy. The unit glow is basically just a little bit of glow around the sprite/unit. You have control over the volume of the music, speech, environment, and effects. Control over combat speed and movement speed. The ability to watch or skip AI movement and combat turns, and some other little game options that otherwise helps the player suit the gameplay to his or her needs. Lastly, of course you can change the language, which is specified on the store page. However, you cannot change the resolution, you are given the option to go to full screen or windows mode (by default its full screen) but the resolution is more than likely using your screen resolution. For example, you just freshly installed W40K:A on Steam, you launch the game, and you brought to the main menu of the game, the resolution of the game is going to be the resolution of your settings on your desktop. If you have your resolution at 1600 x 900 on your desktop screen, then the game is going to use that resolution. There is no way to change that in-game unless you change the mode to windows mode, which in that case you can probably re-size it by dragging it around.Now that we got that over with, let's take a look at the tutorial. It is very detailed, so much that I was getting bored with all the text that kept popping up every time I clicked something on the first tutorial mission. So your covered, its very detailed and thorough. You can also click on various icons on the UI [user interface] if you aren't sure what it represent, and an overlay will explain in detail what it is, and what it does. The game is very self-explanatory, the only background I have with Wargames is probably Commander: The Great War and a little bit of Panzer Corps demo. Well I have other games published by Slitherine but that is besides the point. The only part you'll need the manual for is the combat, because theres little modifiers in combat that won't be explained in the game, which for the most part, isn't really necessary to know anyways because if you're a casual player, your not going to be paying attention to that anyways. Therefore, is the game newbie friendly, the answer is yes.Now we have finally come to the exciting part, which is gameplay. W40K:A is very fluid, and the animations are very impressive. I can't really stress my impression on how the animations look during the combat, it just looks great. It's very smooth and pleasing to look at. Now, there is a turn limit, but in some scenarios that turn limit will not do anything except maybe change your rating after you win that level. Heck, requistion points [used to buy more core forces] don't even depend on the performance of the previous level, as said in the tutorial. Now, maybe there might be a few levels here and there in which you HAVE to meet the victory hexes or else you might fail the level, I haven't completed the whole game yet, but at it's core, it's a Wargame, with a heavy focus on tactics and strategy. Now that doesn't mean it's not newb friendly, because it's very newbie friendly, you can still complete the scenarios any way you want, it just means you might feel weird about the turn limits because you aren't ""seasoned"" to Wargames yet. Every time you complete a level, you'll get to bring those core forces with you, granted that they survived. They will gain experience points after so many rounds of combat, and they will gain little stat boasts that will rival units in later scenarios. It sort of like a snowball effect, you're sort of babying certain units, crafting and molding them into your ultimate killing machine to face off in the grand finale of later scenarios where the difficulty will spike up with seamingly impossible victory objectives. At certain points, you'll probably spend your requisition points on upgrading them to the next tier. Requisition points are not dependent on your previous performance or gameplay, every scenario has a set amount. Therefore, the core forces you choose in the scenario before seems to be of some importance, as you'll likely be spending the points on adding units that seem useful for that particular scenario. If, for example, there is a lot of trenches and bridges, you probably want to buy some artillery units if you don't have any in your core forces, and the rest of the points is probably spent on upgrades and other things you want to tailor your strategy to.As mentioned, this is just a casual review, I'm not a certified game reviewer/game journalist who has this giant criteria in which I grade games by. If you didn't like what I had to say, a simple downvote would do, and maybe a comment about any mis-information that might possibly be in the review.TL:DR Excellent strategy and Wargame, that'll appeal to casual and serious players of the genre and even those who are fans of the Warhammer universe, but turn limits and sprites might seem foreign to players who aren't familiar with games that entail such rules. Thanks for reading, happy gaming."
76561198047655869,Recommended,312370,24403491,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tomalus,+++ Panzer Corps meets Warhammer 40k- not as complex as pcorps
,Recommended,312370,13590386,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FrigginPandas,This game might not be for everyone and that's okay. I'm enjoying it and will be eargerly waiting for some Chaos glory on the battlefield!  Blood for the Blood God!
76561198021873685,Recommended,312370,23199200,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Domingo Pink,"Spiritual successor to Final Liberation, a huge selection of units for the forces included and a lot of fun!"
,Not Recommended,312370,25493751,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The Stranger,"This game started off good, but quickly turned into a tedious rush to secure objectives (some of which were hidden) before the time limit expired. Couple this with overwhelming enemy forces, which easily massacre your weak army, and you have yourself the perfect recipe for gamer rage.There's little strategy in the game. Not when you're forced to rush, rush, rush, on every mission. There's little difference in the mission design, either. It's the same objective each and every time; capture objective markers. It's boring.Not sure why there's a seperate soundtrack for you to buy, either; I swear I've only heard one track on an infinite loop the entire time I've played."
76561198004898587,Recommended,312370,13171660,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Friendly Fire,"Imagine a hybrid of Panzer Corps/ Panzer General, Warhammer Rites of war and Warhammer final liberation. Got that in your mind, now throw in the Armageddon Steel legion, ultramarines, blood angels and salamanders and you have a general ideal of what to expect.This is turn based strategy on a managable scale, with retention of your core units throughout the campaign.ThePros:- Core units that can be upgraded/ refitted and carried through the campaign.- Huge diversity of units.- Great fan service- Tried and tested turn based strategy formula- Ranged combat and close combat are differentiated clearly (ie: adjacent hexes are close combat)- Great potential for future campaigns.- Campaign and battle editer included- Potential for futire DLC's- Sound strategy/ tactical gameCons:- It can take a while to figure out the mechanics of the game, ie: support weapons, explanation of unit stats etc- Mission objectives can be a bit vague- Missions can be a little constrictive or formulaic (I like latitude on how to complete objectoves)- Veteran status of units not very obviously represented in their performance (ie they don't seem much better)- Feels a little ""ropey"" or crude at times, (ie: animations and sound could be better)What stands out:- very nice and clear unit sprites- great potential for fine tuning and future expansion (ie: new campaigns, factions, armies, chapters)What it needs:- Unit painter (even a rudimentary army painter would be great)- more factions and more campaigns- a dynamic campaign (remember dune?) on a strategic map, with counter offensives etc representated- Custom perks for veteran units (like you get in civilization,.. ie: defence bonus on hills or against infantry etc)"
76561197972445514,Recommended,312370,14231263,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"The Emperor must be smiling along with many a wargaming grognard who revels in classical strategy board games and similar 1990s video game translations. Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon is everything we love of the Games Workshop universe with over the top imagery and bombastic campy inspiring writing coated in the finest Slitherine sauces of stats and modifiers.Missions are difficult and require proper use of troops and reinforcement resources along with tight timing and luck. Each individual soldier etc shown represents hundreds of units if not thousands. Truly mass carnage worthy of Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon.Battles feel like a blood drenched death cloaked Warhammer 40k campaign of purified rage with huge losses by both you and the enemy. Many units have multiple weapon systems which fire at different ranges such as bolt weapons,flamers hitting at closer distances while canons, artillery and lasers fire further. All of this is wonderfully displayed on the interface showing weapon type, range and damage with red meaning the weapon is out of range and green is within a weapon's range adding even more strategic depth to combat as one decides how to best engage the enemy or not . It feels great to know exactly what weapons are firing at any given moment thanks to the great ui.No broken up disembodied scenarios here. Everything feels connected like a Dreadnought's crushing fist from its metal mechanical combat structure. A most blissful engaging gaming euphoria.Graphics are done really well with stunning detail where one can zoom in to indulge in the visceral imagery of units. The user interface is a veritable wealth of information showing things like weapon damage, range, chance of hitting and possible damage, type of weapons carried etc. By clicking on units I was taken to a screen with mesmerizing artwork which displayed all the strengths and gear of the current unit.On another note it was a pretty cool moment to see in the tutorial mission for Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon the seedier side with the obviously corrupt official making his self aggrandizing speech before the start of the scenario. A shocker to see compared to the strict iron will society of the space marines we mainly see in video games. I always thought Commisars were strict with fanatical military discipline. The voice acting in these scenes are excellent bringing home the over the top campy extremes of the Warhammer 40k universe.Music and sound effects explode like a doomsday orchestra shaking the senses with sonic devastation across the brutal battlefields.Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon has been compared to Slitherine's masterpiece Panzer Corps but after playing both one will see they are different beasts with their own unique character.With the patch update of 2-13-15 we even get to play with the brutish thumping Ogryns while enjoying a ton of new added audio effects such as unit death sounds and more dramatic music at the start of turns, after a victory or defeat.As of Patch 108 June 2015 am loving the new tutorial tips explaining individual game mechanics as one comes across them. Excellent work and reminds me of reading modifier tables on the fly from table top game manuals while playing seeing what effects what and why. Cheers :)Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon is a must buy if your into table top gaming and if you loved past games in the series such as Warhammer 40,000 Final Liberation.Warhammer 40,000 Armageddon a tense turn based strategy wargame from Slitherine whose forte are tabletop style games created for the digital gamer. Buy this strategic masterpiece and Praise the Emperor with every deafening blast of bolter firing gaming session!"
76561198079509011,Recommended,312370,28597421,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BaneBlade 501st,Yes I would recommend this game nice campaign story line and many great units. That being said however Im very dissapionted in one thing. You only get voice over in the campaing the dlc dont get any voice to tell the story.But other than that i have no regret of buying this game.
76561198023402751,Recommended,312370,13467101,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Slaanesh Servant,"Good, but needs alot more to be worthy of full price.Alot units, more then so, codex accurate ones too, alot options what to buy and to get for later rounds of ongoing combat.Not so forward but teeny bit tactic adapting mind helps if your best units cannot take the heat of battle and end of dying. Some of the units are crazy powerfull at range, others and close combat.Though game has good voice acting, it needs clear line of you role and not set course like it seems to have, plus animations on units at idle and moving could help over price per game too quite a bit"
76561197971777034,Recommended,312370,30421963,Posted: 9 March,all,antti.koo,"I really don't actually recommend this but since there is no other alternative this goes 55-45 on the plus side.As a turn-based addict and a fan of WH40k this was a true no-brainer for me. What I don't like is the relatively small campaing and the fact that you should buy the additional campaings. It is cheap, true, but still ... somehow feel like its a rip-off.So all in all, its not a bad game, I actually had fun playing it. Its just that there only so much to play and for the rest you have to pay extra."
,Recommended,312370,30183275,Posted: 25 February,all,The New Manda'lor,"This game is fun but it does require a lot of strategy to play. This game captures the large scale battles that Warhammer 40k is known for, and adds in every single piece of military hardware for each faction. The story is pretty much the Second War of Armaggeddon and eventually the Third (So nice Ghuzkul nuked it thrice), and there are hints at the First War.The bad comes from a certain error that happens mid campaign for me, when you get to Hades Hive and meet with Yarrick. There is a error code that has not been addressed. I recommend this game but I also need to warn other players about it."
76561198035304467,Recommended,312370,23620179,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mammoth20,"I bought this about a week before this review ,with just under 70 hours into the game I bought it on sale with DLC's for 25.00 US. I play a lot of Matrix games or the style they tend to sell .I did because I had a laptop of medium power. Now I have a upper mid level gaming desk top. I had my eye on this game for a long time been playing the older RTS Warhammer you can get for a under 5 bucks on sale . Campare this to them .I like this much better the other game just spam your tanks . Here the game makes you think about what you are doing. I had lot of problems when starting on what to use to fight with . So I went read some of the guides here and. made the game so much better. I am just starting the second chapter .this brings in a whole new batch of weapons /tanks to figure out to use .It plays like Panzer Corps (I have) except I knew the power of the weapons in that game ahead . So the negitive reviews here most likly are about the learning curve ,not being instant high like a blast of crack cocaine since they have only a few hours into the game and crying.Read the mission objectives I replayed on mission 9 times could not figure out why I kept losing . It was not the gold hex I needed to capture but destroy the gun next to it .Stupid me ! not the game .If a game that is not a shot of whiskey hitting you at once get it ,  Buy it on sale with the DLC""s for 25.00 you cannot got wrong. I will buy the Toatl war one some time next year when ot drops to under 20.00 since it is what those games are worth to me a mass market Wham bam thank you mam game .this is not that  Oh one more thing if you read a negitive review check the hours of play how many games they have ,how many reviews and % negitive.I recomend this game if On sale and you are patient gamming person does not want a instant killBob"
76561198005736879,Recommended,312370,13424253,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,stBeo,"First impression after 2h play are good. Games has nice variety of units, graphics are simple but nice. Gameplay is good but AI campain so far doesn't really demand grand strategies, it is pretty much march forward and shoot what is in the way."
76561198113753042,Recommended,312370,19394360,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,"If you're a fan of Panzer general/Panzer corps you'll love this gamewith armored super soldiers finally we have infantry that can keep up with the tanks,.......or even outrun them"
,Recommended,312370,18515974,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bubbler,A great turn based strategy game that is loyal to its brand. The only thing to be aware of is that it is brutaly hard.
76561198064373133,Recommended,312370,21690523,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ysthrall,"After finally completing the main campaign, I remembered to write a review :)This game looked like an easy to play but tricky hex-based turn-based wargame. And that's pretty much what it is. I didn't really look for anything other than the campaign, so that's what this is based on.The story is fairly simple, but effective in giving some motivation to the battles and making them feel slightly more than (yet another desert covered with orcs). The game gets larger and more interesting as the story progresses, as does the range of troops, which allows, I suspect, for an army built to your preferences.The experience system for the units seems pretty rudimentary, but coupled with the (rising) price of replacing your (steadily upgraded with better options) troops, means that you'll find yourself trying to shelter and retain that veteran unit instead of letting it die. I started off with a swarm of Imperial Guard, and finished with a Titan Squadron backed up by artillery and Terminators :)I'd have liked a cinematic of some sort, other than the game intro, but that's no biggie.As far as gameplay, loading, and operation are concerned, this game played very smoothly.As a simple but entertaining wargame, this is solid. If you want a complex and immersive descent into the maddened battlefields of 40k... look elsewhere."
,Recommended,312370,13557850,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FLIGHTCRU,"Way cheaper than buying a rule book for 40K About $68.Not to mention codex or models. Also no Model buying, building, or painting ""Before you can play"".No point counting before you can play and veterns continue though the levels in campaign mode. Wow!!! Good job.They will continue to polish the game and will in turn reach a much wider group of players.A really good game which could be even better if they reviewed new rules and codex books.Fliers should be much harder for Non aiming orks to hit at speed. Also Imperial Titans would be Way Cool if added.Still very playable in current format and very fun to play. I would recommend it even in the current revision.New DLC out and they continue to update and improve it. It just is getting better. New skins  new teams more squads etc"
,Recommended,312370,17423751,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,travelingbackpacker83,one of the best warhammer 40k games on steam if u played the old epic line of tbs of warhammer games from the early days of pure pc gaming this is worth ur time and if ur a fan of gw games or tabletop gaming this is a  good way to enjoy playing when not around the table doing ur battles i am a huge fan of gw but i must say this game was a labor of love how the game was crafted and made around the one of the best battle grounds of the planet that is known for huge amonts of lore for the 40k  storys and gaming
,Recommended,312370,13108602,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jack_Jomar,"At release, I've already played 10 hours.It has frustrating moments (chance/percentage/dice/random rolls in this game are not often helpful in some crucial moments), and it's got bugs right now. Loading bugs, mission restart bugs, graphical bugs, crashes if you alt-tab out.But the rest of the time, when it's working, it's as if Final Liberation got a new release, and a new campaign - I'd love to see the old Final Liberation game brought out for new computers too - it's possible, I've managed it - but overall, this game is a brilliant re-imagining of the old ""40k Epic"" gameplay.So yes, bugs aside, I recommend it.And bugs have a tendency to be patched out, so once those are gone, it'll be great.I don't know if it's worth the current price tag, but it is brilliant for what it is, so I'd say get it.Either on the current deal at time of review, or when a steam sale is on with a discount."
76561198055109077,Recommended,312370,33812408,Posted: 26 July,all,maddhawk,"Great game. It is NOT Panzer corps in 40k setting, as they changed the mechanics:- No free replacements (they always cost XP, even the automatic end-of-mission ones): I had an elite infantry unit defend a choke point, killing multiple units, began the mission ~350 exp, finished with >500. But as it took losses, after replacements it was down to 380. So all that experience was in fact lost.Compared to Final Liberation, I really hate thgat all of a unit's weapons are fired at once, at the same target. I guess that's because it's at a ""higher"" strategic level, not like Final liberation where 1 unit was exactly 1 unit. One downside of this is that artillery units which can fire over obstacles, can also do so with their heavy bolters, which should not happen."
,Recommended,312370,34510917,Posted: 26 August,all,Daine Gerzone,Captures the essense of the Second War for Armageddon. Commissar Yarrick would endorse your participation in this war.
76561197977328291,Recommended,312370,28782983,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bigritchie,"Very fun, simple game.  Panzer General like with Warhammer Units.  I wish it had a few more races, like Chaos, Tau, Eldar, etc etc, Necrons.Well worth the sale price"
76561197972483399,Recommended,312370,24360385,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hamburger!,"If you remember the old Warhammer hex-game ""Final Liberation"" -- I consider this game it's spiritual successor. Much like many games of it's ilk (just looking at screenshots should give you flashbacks to other games in the same vein) for those who enjoy the WH40k universe I call this a solid title. The game mechanics are fun, intuitive, and dare I say balanced (as balanced as any battle against an unending tide of Orks can be I suppose!) -- there is good voice acting and some real strategy to this strategy game -- for example I have needed to make choices such as bottlenecking weak enemy units to cause jams at choke points, where just mowing down enemies simply paves the way for more powerful units to break through -- I've seen keen initiative and calculated risk win through over a slogging sweep and clear (which often plays into the hands of enemies that are merely just getting stronger the longer you take your time) -- the atmosphere is right, and the mechanics are fun -- and CHALLENGING. Can you afford to groom experienced core units, or must you cast them aside to make room for the cannon-fodder you'll need to meet the enemy throng? Will there be air support? Can you afford it? placement and choices for troops matter and remain meaningful from turn to turn -- and that is the ACID-TEST for a good turn based strategy game.The cons? : I haven't played the whole initial campaign yet, but it seems like a lot of content is day-1 DLC, especially relating to space marines, which lets face it are the reason many people love WH40k so much in the first place. Maybe they'll make an appearance at the end of the basic content... maybe... but making us pay extra to enjoy some of the best things about the game from day 1 is typical of many of GW's franchises slimy bilking tactics (like space hulk having 80% of it's day 1 content pay to unlock, but that roast is for another post, or most notably how TOTAL WAR: WARHAMMER has CHAOS as a pre-order playble faction only -- that's as slimy and manipulative as it gets.So in short -- a great game like so many GW inspired titles are, and like so many of those, they similiarly have some slimy microtransaction crap to make you regret loving them to some degree.Bottom line, most games would be verbally evicerated for pulling that kind of crap -- but I'm having too much fun holding trenches with my Ogryn long enough for my Basilisk Artillery to break the Greenskin hordes as I pray to the machine spirits that my Leman Russ' will endure long enough to hold the line down. For the Emperor!"
76561198008262122,Recommended,312370,17212130,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Doc J,Fun Game!!!! Fills when I can't roll dice at the Empire Game Shop!!! Recommended
76561198006635919,Recommended,312370,24154075,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,rmpower2006,This is a very solid panzer general type game. The strategy involved is quite deep and yet still easy to pick up and play. The voice overs and long campaign are also a nice touch.The main people who would enjoy this are 40k fans as the attention to detail for selecting your army is incredible and that is much of the attraction to the actual table top game.If you are the sort of person who can name at least three variations of Leman Russ AND care about the difference then you will probably enjoy this game.The price is the main barrier to entry here - pay full price if funds are no issue but it is hard to recommend at full price otherwise. If it had a detailed skirmish mode like battlefleet gothic armada which added a lot to replay I would have paid full price but it does not.However recommended highly for the gameplay.
,Recommended,312370,24121940,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Valhuen,"Great mash-up of 40K and Panzer Corps, campaigns are a challenge, and unit variation is immense. For any fans of Final Liberation, Panzer Corps with a 40K twist, or Warhammer fans in general. Only negative for me is fighting only Orks gets a bit boring after a while. Hopefully future add-ons will bring more 40k races into the game."
,Recommended,312370,30753765,Posted: 26 March,all,Deranzo,"Great Warhammer 40K game with lots of unit varitions and scenario/unit/effects editor.I wish there are unit animations as well, not just weapon animations.Also I created simple new unit mods. If anyone want to check it out:http://steamcommunity.com/app/312370/discussions/3/135512625247846549/"
76561197972593090,Recommended,312370,13110939,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,rolleur,"I was looking forward to this game, as both a long time fan of warhammer and also of strategy games.  My overall impression of the game is that it is fun to play without being overly taxing or difficult.  In many ways it has a similar feel to the old 'Final Liberation' pc game.  It is fun to get to play with the 40k units including the big tanks and titans, but for the price I was hoping for something more tactically sophisticated and challenging rather than a game where piling all your units in is more often than not successful.That said I'll play it through and maybe even set up some pbem games because I like the 40k universe.  I strongly hope that the game will be patched soon to fix some of the glitches, which while they don't completely break the game, do mar the experience and prevent any level of immersion.Intitially I gave this game a negative review, but on playing for more hours I appreciate the game more.  It possibly fell foul of my heightened expectations for a 40k strategy game.  To credit the developer they have already patched the game too which has addressed many of the issues.I do still think the game may be somewhat too pricy but as a niche product it does appeal strongly to 40k fans."
76561198039566024,Recommended,312370,13282948,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Imperator_Rex,"I enjoyed PanzerCorps, and I sure am enjoying this one. Here's what I like about it;-You get to play with almost everything from the WH40K Imperial toybox, Leman Russes, Baneblades and Titans.-The campaign is set in (where else?) Armageddon, one of the famous battlegrounds of the 41st millenium.-You get to rub shoulders with Yarrick, Ghazgkull and Commander Dante to name a few.-So far, I'm having a lot of fun playing thru the campaign and the missions are all challenging and require you to plan accordingly if you want to win.-The units are carried over from mission to mission, encouraging you to keep your vets alive.-Detailed, hand -drawn units.-Im a massive 40K nut, this game is like a dream come true.If you're the sort of person that cares for graphics more than gameplay, hate hexes or any sort of turn-based system, then this game aint for you."
76561197973183248,Recommended,312370,13282555,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,MrGoriss,"Panzer General meets 40k.  Plenty of unit options, Steel Legion, Ultramarines, Blood Angels and Salamanders with current unit types (Centurions are included).  Only way of more customization that I'm guessing other people are looking for would be weapon types for each unit but I think it would be a bit much.  As is, it's a good time, future add ons would be a bonus, but not required.  I feel like I got my moneys worth."
76561198070767745,Recommended,312370,13289042,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,IT THAT BETRAYS,"Super fun and extensive campaign. I play the table top and this holds me over between the weeks that I don't get to play. Wish it had more races and less clunky editor and maybe more than one opponent but it is still a very fun, entertaining game. The Emperor protects."
76561198090254360,Recommended,312370,30056860,Posted: 20 February,all,Brommissar Draco,"After great disappointment with cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥aka Battle of Tallarn Commissar has dropped his vodka rations by half and finally bought the game; here is his Steam review:Solid, well done turn based strategy game made in the Warhammer 40K universe; although the price is a bit step its only half what AAA games you will play few hours and abandon cost and this little gem can bring you hundreds hours of fun. Much more polished than most of WH related products released lately (I am talking about your Batlle for Talarn) with no bugs nor glitches; Only thing this game lacks its a bit of personalization; you don't get to choose your avatar, get no medals (nor Commissar bolt to the face) during the long campaign and your units lack the named leaders feature from authors last tittle the Panzer Corps. Still its as close as you will get to table top without spending houndred of pounds on miniatures and manuals and worthy turn based strategy game on its own.. Don't understand the complains about the graphics to be honest if it was fullly 3D tittle wiht AA, filed of view and voiced dialogues we would get a short campaign a few scenarios and Multi Player only; the graphics is neat table top like and adds to immersion without turning it into CPU killer. Highly recommended modern classic for obviously prestigious Crowd. :obviously:They even fixed Total Biscuit point about lack of Titans v by adding a half dozen of variants to game; now after 3 years its complete mature game well worth buying and playing. For the Emperor!"
76561197970683990,Recommended,312370,13426514,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dorque,"What a difference a patch makes!  This game blew at launch.  But since then they have completely redone the battle stat screen (when you mouse over a target).  It now actually displays the number of shots it will take and what the accuracy is and now it's a game instead of smash up.It's still a wee bit amateur hour (some broken english, some script trigger mistakes) but now it is fun.  Not a classic, but if you know 40K at all it's just a ton of fun to play with all the units you recognize so well."
76561198108181174,Recommended,312370,17838547,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,peturbs,I normaly dont like turn based strategy games but this is an amazing game and a title worthe remembering.
,Recommended,312370,25359987,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Haventree Attack Shark,"Good:- Immense variety and attention to detail for every available unit function, and lots of small but nice touches to the unit profiles bring the armies alive- Campaign is genuinely challenging, and bringing a unit or two through the whole thing is a satisfying accomplishment- Exercises long term strategic thinking, but never makes it feel like a chore unlike the predecessor from x years ago, Final Liberation- Also unlike Final Liberation, game tempo remains high during firing resolution; no waiting 3-5 seconds for each Basilisk- BASILISKS ARE GOOD.- Titans break the game wide open... for a while, and then have to be carefully shepherded as they face their Orky counterparts. Frequently occurs throughout the tech tree to varying degrees- ""Accurately"" and satisfyingly represents a ""Space Marines Save The Day"" scenario, without it feeling forced- Nearly any play style and army doctrine can workBad:- Art is largely non-descript, or re-used- Music is bland- Occassional hiccups in Fog of War and sprite placement after playing for an extended period- Voice acting a bit forced some times, though Yarrick and most of the Marine leaders are agreeableOther:- While table top unit types are present and do perform generally the same role, their effectiveness is not always identical. For example the Wyvern isn't the grim death we know and love and thus the combat system has to be properly absorbed to get the most of it.- Air power is very delicate and requires a lot more control and thought than would otherwise be expectedThis is a Good Game and has a Fun story Campaign with some interesting diversions. The only thing really letting it down is the presentation, but if you can ignore that you'll find a 40k experience which should be considered a high water mark for things to come. It is also Better than Final Liberation in pretty much every way."
,Recommended,312370,13461967,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Crook3d,"Highly recommended for fans of the Warhammer 40k universe. This hex-based and turn based combat feels a little like the table top, though the mechanics are very different. The campaign is fun, and the variety of units available is outstanding. I particularly enjoyed trying out many different army compositions, and the game is very flexible to that end."
76561197979343769,Recommended,312370,20958448,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,CLS|MERC,....almost got past the first mission without losing a guy ...
76561198001683821,Recommended,312370,14546104,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dalnar,"Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon is an excellent port of good ol' panzer general mechanics to WH40K universe. Do not expect flashy animations just a hex grid, lot's of units and the tactical fight to secure key objectives.I'm no WH40k expert, never played the tabletop. I just happen to like the computer games based on this universe, so I have general idea about the units, but didn't know there were dozens of tank variants available. It's great, but at the same time can be very confusing for ""normal"" (see not WHk40 fanboys), because we have hard time figuring out what does what.The problem is, the units have no descriptions. Just 2 or 3 sentences to describe the units. Because I'm pretty sure us ""normal"" people have no idea what's a nova cannon and why should I use a tank with it. Why should I take baneblade instead stormsword?Second thing that did surprise me a little, is that several models use Cadian troopers instead the featured Steel Legion. I mean sure, it not a game breaking thing. But considering how much the game costs, I fail to see why there are no proper models for all units. It's like you order a pear pie and get apple pie. Doesn't matter if both taste great.Now I come to the thing that bothered me probably the most during my gameplay. I always felt that in WH40k there are milions of imperial guardsmen fighting and that single space marine is worth ten thousands of them. Now I did not have that feeling in this game. There is no unit caps for elite units, the costs of better units is not that higher, so eventually you just field a bunch of titans, along heavy tanks and artillery and complement that with space marines.Something inside me was really bothered by this. Same goes for the enemy as the campaign progresses. Instead milions of orcs, you meet a bunch of elite orcs, tank busta spam (probably because the designer though player will use mostly vehicles) and orcish vehicles. No orcish horde of sluggas and low orcs that would swarm you and give that ""orky thing"" feeling.I personally would prefer higher total unit limit and way higher costs for vehicles and especially spacemarines. Together with caps on elite units and way lower restriction on number of basic units. For example that 3 units of sluggas would take just 1 slot etc. Some change that would make low ""tech"" units viable later in game. Also the important melee combat aspect of WH40k felt a little underwhelming to me. Even assault marines felt like fodder to me.Speaking about units, it is really nice you can rename and check history of your units. But for some reason I didn't feel much attached to them. Even in ol' panzer general, units got medals. I noticed that Panzer Corps game has heroes in units, so why not here? No elite replacement as well, so really hard to keep ""elite"" force with so much dmg going on. All in all, Instead some sort of attachment, they were just fodder to me. No reason to keep them alive, when they lose most experience anyway and I can always buy new unit.My last ""complain"" is about the scenario design. Maps are nice, objectives are fine, I dislike the fact that low tier units vanish after certain point, making your low tier units useless and the enemy force less diverse. What I missed most, was some kind of secondary objective that would make the missions much more interesting. For example rescue surrounded guardsmen, or save lone baneblade which would get you a core unit faster. Or simple objectives like capture this secondary point (warehouse) and get extra requistion points. Something which would introduce some kind of risk vs. reward element.Patching seems to be at good pace and a lot of stuff was adden since launch, but I had to wonder about some balancing changes (1.04) . For example some of the Salamander vehicles got support trait, whilst the very same vehicles in other chapters do not have it. Now If I want Whirlwind tank for support, I have to take the green one, instead blue one... Are only Salamanders bright enough to support their men?I do not wish to sound that I do not like the game. In fact I love the game, I really liked the narrative campaign and I see a lot of potential in this series - that's why I have bought it, despise it's higher price tag. The potential for new factions, units and campaigns is tremendous.I would recommend this game to everyone that likes WH40k and Panzer General games."
76561198015414330,Recommended,312370,26886946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mako_chan,"Simple mechanics, fairly good lore-wise, rather enjoyable dialogues. Better to wait for sale rather than paying full price, but definitely worth playing."
76561197987184284,Recommended,312370,33697369,Posted: 21 July,all,canhero,"Very atmospheric and dark, like warhammer should be.  Ham acting from voice actors straight out of an over the top Shakespeare play. I can just see them spitting on the ""S"" and showering the mike with spit.  Missions are sometimes extremely tough,, but enjoyable enough to want to replay.  8/10"
,Recommended,312370,24969875,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Akillez,This game is a decent 40k game that mostly shines in its vast array of vehicles and some units. Some are pretty close attention to detail and it's a great medium for the quasi turn based table top experience. However the game lacks in game modes and multiplayer experience. The DLC'S should also have voice actors due to it costing money.
76561198008628748,Recommended,312370,22386824,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Havok -Nomadic Rogue-,"Warhammer fans might appreciate the feel of an old game, Final Liberation. Another turn based her game best to my memory from the late 90's. I haven't had much time to play it fully but the amount of armament choices is immense. I look forward to more play and less work."
76561197972614519,Recommended,312370,23884195,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thatoldboy,"If you play 40k on the table top you will enjoy this game! i just wish there were more races that you could play as. Playing as the orks or chaos, eldar tau that would make this game a 10 outa 10."
76561198041482511,Recommended,312370,34406622,Posted: 21 August,all,Bvlgari,"While it does have a hefty pricetag and weak graphics, Warhammer 40k: Armageddon still delivers copious amounts of deep strategy, customization, and sheer fun. The game, while it can seem a bit obtuse at first, has a certain degree of raw charm that helps committed players overcome the pricetag, graphics, and lack of overall animations. This is, afterall, a computer version of a tabletop wargame and, thus, the gameplay itself must truly shine for it to be worth playing while bereft of many of the bells & whistles gamers have grown accustomed to. I am of the belief that it does! I love this game and think it's worth the money, especially if you can manage to get the Feature Game + DLC bundle on sale. Hope this helps!"
76561198152575082,Recommended,312370,17034664,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Gremloq,"great game, really stunning graphics.  if you like turn by turn strategy and know what combined arms is this game is for you.  Semper Fi Space Marines !"
76561197995247349,Recommended,312370,25405847,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vomkrieg,"Did you like SSI's Panzer general series but always thought it would be cool to play a Warhammer 40k reskin. Well, this is it."
76561198024409021,Recommended,312370,16707710,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Brokengamer,"Decent Epic style Warhammer game, couldn't ask for more.Except maybe a grand mutiplayer Campaign"
,Recommended,312370,13292271,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Utumano,"It is an excellent idea for a game, but need alot of refining by the developers, especially in regards to weapon statistics and the role each unit plays in the game."
76561198007226198,Recommended,312370,23618544,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lato,"It's ok. I like the graphics, I LOVE all the dif units you can use. The story is pretty bland/crap. For the price I was expecting it ALL to be voice acted but no...just no. Good WH games are hard to find and this is not a bad one. For the price only get it if you are a WH 40k fan."
76561197999928439,Recommended,312370,13385026,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,mfleone,"If you like the Panzer General type games, (turn based battles, and campaigns) and the Warhammer 40,000 universe, you should most definitely enjoy this game! I love it! It's a blast! Enjoy!"
76561198006749995,Recommended,312370,19454603,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SCHIZO 27,Best hex-turned base game ive played.
76561198023892474,Recommended,312370,13208782,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,chirulahr,"I really enjoy the game.I am a big 40k fan, so when I saw this game it was an instant buy.Yes, graphics are a bit basic, but at least that means I have no problems running it on my old notebook!The hex based gameplay is nice, and I enjoy playing with all the different available unit types.Just a bit sad that you can't play more than 2 Ork missions.This game is about the second war for Armageddon, that means Orks against Guard and different Space Marine Chapters- sadly we can only play  Blood Angels (Dante leads the defense), Ultramarines and Salamanders.The Developers said they are hard at work for more content-I can not wait!First War for Armageddon: ANGRON! A Chaos Invasion led by a demon primarch against the Space Wolves and the Grey Knights.Third War for Armageddon- Orks again.... against Black Templars...But Angron. Can't wait for that."
,Recommended,312370,13664815,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Doctor Lindberg,Nice job - making this game - almost like the tabletop game 40k - there are possible not any more unit in the universe at all - this game got almost it all
76561198022111695,Recommended,312370,13110367,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pacifist,The art and animation is nothing to write home about.The game is certainly geared towards those who already know 40K units so anticipate a little frustration and confusionThe game mechanics are not those of table top with every unit being able to shoot and move.The story is decent with the best part being the ability to choose where to go yourself.The voice acting is decent if uninspired. At least it isn't cringeworthy.On the positive sideThe game is fun as ****.I'm currently playing through on normal and usually lose 50% to 60%my army by the end.The best aspect is the at the beginning of a battle you are given a cretain number of points and allowed to purchase units with them. This will be all you have. No RTS spamming of units.However you can keep points in reserve and purchase units during the battle or use them to replenish the manpower of decimated units.Overall 8.5 out of ten.The game could use more polish but is a solid turn based 40k game.People have wanted this for a long time and they delivered.
76561198006756264,Recommended,312370,18477043,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"It's an amazing game and a must have for all strategists worth their weight in salt. Tons of content, huge unit pool and hundreds of ways to customise your own army. Easily one of the best Warhammer games ever, and I've played them all since The Shadow of the Hornet Rat :-)10/10 would defend Armageddon again."
,Recommended,312370,28034328,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Huon23,"I've been a longtime fan of 40k and I regularly play the most glorious faction, the Imperial Guard.  Playing this game gives me a very similar feeling to the actual tabletop, much more than Dawn of War or similar games might.  Many of the models are present in one form or another, and the game actually accounts for multiple weapons on single units, use of morale in the game, and include many units that are very rarely seen on the tabletop (usually due to rarity/price) so it's a lot of fun to see it all there.If you've enjoyed Panzer Corps as well, I think this game is a great way to continue that experience in a new setting.  Although the game doesn't do anything radically different compared to it, the new setting and fun campaign makes it a worthwhile purchase.My only major complaints about the game is that the UI doesn't feel nearly as good as Panzer Corps.  Whenever you attack an enemy there's multiple shots that go out, and it can be somewhat harder to figure out if an attack is going to be a success.  The graphics are also pseudo-3d models it seems.  It's a personal preference, but I definitely preferred the drawn models of Panzer Corps."
76561197972995047,Recommended,312370,13135644,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Coup d' oeil,"Not much too look at, but it sure IS fun.Music and sound efx are great. The drum beats of the sound track really gets you pumped. And  the sounds of the weapons, foot steps and vehicle noises are very well done. Dont let the looks fool you, there's strategy to be had here. Plus there is a nice branching story to boot. For me the downside is the manual. It  is just a cursory look.  It should have been written better, explaining the mechanics. I had to look at a youtube video by slitherine to get a grasp of the basics of the WH universe. It even explained away some of the ""bugs""  listed on other reviews. That being said, it not a complicated game. It's not a looker. But it sure is fun and sounds great.The linkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvENInzV8Y4&list=UU-ersowRelLzi6fSRfXodyQ"
76561197960983979,Recommended,312370,13094804,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Freelancer,"actually i have got to say, this games pretty good. Though it misses the cut scenes from Epic Final liberation its well worth a buy."
,Recommended,312370,13096540,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Leszek,"Nice but boring.Unfortunatelly no animations for walking units, this is especially visible for walkers, so they are sliding instead of walking."
76561197998934643,Recommended,312370,13136044,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,"This is a fun old fashioned turn based strat game.  Not much in the bells and whistles department but it is a great time waster.  This needs to be ported over to the android and win tablets.  ♥♥♥♥ ipads they get everything already, stop giving apple a hand job and support the 80% of the tablet marketplace ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198085216962,Recommended,312370,13209341,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,stolasjc,Loving this game it's fun and fast paced. Look here for some gameplay videos.http://youtu.be/589XLrZGKRs
,Recommended,312370,13245744,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,GingerRoss,"If you play the tabletop game or just like the Warhammer 40,000 universe in general you should pick this up. It won't be winning any awards for compelling visuals but this game manages to capture the scale of 40k quite well. The depth and attention to detail is amazing too in terms of unit design and how it's presented. It's also quite addictive.Only downside is I'd like more optimisation in terms of display and gameplay options. Otherwise this is a must for any WH40k fan."
76561198048988205,Recommended,312370,17594544,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Snuggleschewypuff,Excellent game play.  Hours of fun.  Wish maps were randomly generated though but otherwise 9/10.
76561198030039393,Recommended,312370,18893339,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ken.allen.1976,"An excellent war game set in the warhammer 40,000 world."
76561198005775638,Recommended,312370,22358925,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ikomajedi,"If you remember playing the older game Final Liberation, this game is a wonderful successor to it!  It brings back the feeling of playing Epic Space Marine with the use of tactics and macro-managing.  The story is what you would expect from a 40k game, but the interaction with your army and outmanuevering the enemy is key.  Well worth the price of admission folks!!"
76561198007190315,Not Recommended,312370,23764361,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Galilleos,"Lot of nice things... but terrible IA.Most opponent units does not move at all, even if they are attacked beyond they range.This leads to boring mission and break totally immersion (orks that do not move or attack....)"
76561198041011104,Not Recommended,312370,13208208,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nicolaus99,"NOT A LOVE LETTER TO 40K FANS.  Simply put, this game is lazy.  Lore is scarce but accurate.  Art, fair for it's breed.  Gameplay, not even the crudest attempt at innovation has been made - it may in fact be a step or two backwards from other, older hex based games.  The game mechanics and the most basic meaning of some unit stats are left entirely undefined, even in the manual they bothered to slap together, never mind the near total void of mouse over/click tool tips.  Sound and voice work is... ok, uninspired.  Credit for a vast array of unit variations true to GW Forge World.  Not 100% but far closer than you are likely to see anywhere else.I strongly believe any 40K fan site with a handful of volunteer modders could do a vastly superior job if handed the same license.  A personal love of 40K is the only thing that makes this game remotely interesting.  Absent the license, it is forgetable shovelware."
76561197990143726,Recommended,312370,13325673,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,j.delinski,"I love this game. Nearly everone who is dissapointed seems to have been expecting a real time strategy. or some kind of a shooter. This is game is a great turn based strategy game. I love turns. I love hexes. This is great stuff, looking forward to the expansions with other races to be played. I truly hope the game is doing well, because I want to see more like this. If you like counters and hexes and fluid front lines and wargames. and if you like to take your time thinking through your strategy and tactics rather than twitching through the game you are going to love this. This is what Slitherine advertised. It is just what it was supposed to be, and it is very good at what it is."
76561198028488036,Recommended,312370,13318614,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vaatihastur,"If you like hexbased strategy games, you can't go wrong with this. Loads of Units and a quite cool campaign.If you like warhammer 40000 tabletop you will probably enjoy this alot."
76561198009288936,Recommended,312370,18559874,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,archan2099,Fantasticaly fun maybe a little expensive up worth it. For those who dont play 40K id sudgest reading some of the user threads
76561198061642607,Recommended,312370,21684344,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,RivetHed,"cool game,cam waste ALOT of time with it. there was an old one like this called,""rites of war"", where you start out as the eldar,and move onto other races. check it out."
,Recommended,312370,13631091,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SlapBone,I like Panzer Corps andI like Armageddon. The progression is clear from my point of view. Same thing happened when SSI had the license. They did Panzer General 2 and then they did Rites of War.The students become masters.
76561198011568543,Not Recommended,312370,13150735,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,LoneWolf,I'm disappointed with Slitherine.I'm used to GW slapping its name on any old garbage but this lacks the depth  and charm of the UoC series and certainly isnt worth its price tag.Maybe worth £10 max
76561198023665064,Recommended,312370,22185990,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cypher32,Great game! A bit challenging with every thing it throws at you but makes you think all the way through!
76561198007235958,Recommended,312370,13328565,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,jmcutler,Awsome game :)
,Recommended,312370,13858689,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Irish Mad Man 23,"Broke open the editor and made a 120x80 map consisting of over 200 units a side, added Tau units and faction, and discovered endless possibilities.  Currently working on a Lord of the Rings set.  Why do you not own this yet?"
76561198008609817,Recommended,312370,14548555,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,demonwarcat,Turn based W40K whats not to like - 1.04 patch introduces Ogryns finally a Steel Legion assault unit other than the command squad - the AI priortises killing command units.Campaign is intersting and branch options favour different command styles once you know the branches. Could do with longer campaign - but rumour is of DLC in the near future
76561198051759738,Not Recommended,312370,13118942,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Imp3rialDron3,"So, hey, we went from Space Hulk, to Dawn of War, to Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine... to this smoldering piece of crap... It made me bleed from my various orifices and I'm really upset to see such a neat idea be killed like the hopes and dreams of a fat kid who found out his mom wasn't making any more cookies for him.Here's my review:Pros:It's a Warhammer 40,000 game... I think.It takes place during one of the most epic wars in the Warhammer 40,000 universe!It has Yarrick and Ghazghkull!CONS:This game is $40!NO ANIMATIONS FOR MOVEMENT OR COMBATEVERYTHING IS 2DThe tutorials are complete garbage!THIS IS A $40 GAME?! WTF?!All the character models, oh wait, sorry, DRAWINGS are exactly the same.Good luck making sense of that leveling systemVoice acting is horrible. Like... slit your wrist so you don't have to listen anymore horrible.The graphics make this game look like those old point and click military strategy games from the mid 90's.This game does ZERO justice to the Warhammer 40,000 License.SERIOUSLY, WHY IS THIS GAME 40 EMPEROR-DAMNED DOLLARS?!No, seriously! What kind of line of crap is this?! Space Hulk: Ascension (not an amazing game, but compared to this is a shiny golden relic) is half this price and 300% better. This is just a lazy cash grab from games-workshop and I'm not impressed.Do not buy this game. Don't. Just don't."
76561197989630946,Recommended,312370,13089383,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Horna,What can I say? Epic.
76561198006832774,Recommended,312370,13113529,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zohan Dwir,"Finally a nice Warhammer 40k game. In the best tradition of Panzer general you get to play with zillions of WH40k universe vehicles, infantry and (can't wait) titans. There are also gunships and all the bells and whistles. Goodbye sleep, hello orks, I got some hotshot lasers for ya!"
76561197960684422,Recommended,312370,13703984,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Baron,Good 40k version of classic RTS games such as Panzer General.
76561198050467896,Recommended,312370,14452471,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Virty,Really Awesome Game.Nice Animations that give the true 40K dark Future Feeling.They put a good amount of work into it so you can have hours over hours of Fun.And new stuff is soon to come.
76561198088477618,Recommended,312370,13991551,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Wolf,It's fun ill give it that wish it hade an orc side of it + more Steel legion Units but wateva ill give it a 8/10  their needs to be more like this No idea why i like it so much i normaly cant stand games like this. the price is... well it's over priced 10-15$ yea not  40$ inless their is dlc/mods etc coming out that will be free then i would be happy with it :)
76561198005834897,Recommended,312370,14856878,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Wolf Lord,"Amazingly simple and yet, entertaining. Hell of a time waster. Worth every cent i spent."
76561198035885411,Recommended,312370,30545816,Posted: 16 March,all,Strategist,Fantastic game. If you're a fan of early Games Workshop PC games then this plays like Rites of War mixed with Final Liberation.
,Recommended,312370,14807752,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bloodstainer™,"It has a lot of potential, and unlike some of the other 40k games out there, it shows that this developer has an understanding of the universe and as such I would recommend this if you're a 40k fan, if for nothing else, help support a developer who might actually contribute a lot to this franchise and possible genre in the future, I'd love if they sold enough to focus on a much more detailed and improved version because while this game isn't top notch, it reeks of potential and it truly shows the passion of the developer."
,Recommended,312370,14962175,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Director Daneil,"If you want a PC version of the table top, I'm sorry this is not it. now, if you want a badass hex based, turn based stratigy game with a awesome naritive and almost EVERY LEMAN RUSS DESIGN OUT THERE! you came to the right place my friend."
76561198167667963,Recommended,312370,13474475,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Clemency,"I'm loving this game.   It lacks polish in parts, there's almost no animation,   but the story and voice acting is very good, and if you play on the harder difficulty you're forced to use good variation of tactics and  unit mix.  A lot of effort must have gone into the scenario and story design, I can see myself clocking up at least 200 hours play, so for me at leat £30 is excellent value."
76561198007284896,Recommended,312370,13440430,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Baalonthus,love this game! have always enjoyed the 40k universe.  I am not disappointed!
,Recommended,312370,15077036,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,zouron,"I have a great personal love for the warhammer game and the ideas behind the races, for quite a few years I played the warhammer 40k epic game and this game certainly bring sback a lot of the same things as WH40KEpic does and if you are a fan of warhammer 40k and turn based strategy I would highly recommend this game.The good:- A large variaty of units all different (to a greater or lesser degree).- Each unit has a different role on the battlefield.- There is a storyline and you get to pick a few responses allowing you to become more immersed.- Each move of a unit have meaning.- Pre-battle deployment is very important.- selecting the right mix of unit is important and there is a need to get more than one kind.The bad:- The amount of men/vehicles in each unit is displayed by a number rather than each member visible on the screen.- The AI seem to enjoy just mass assault and not much else, this sadly makes most of the battles not very varied.- The AI have no clue how to effective use of it's unit and will often go for a low value soft target as oppose to letting the big guns slowly wear down the big heavily armored units. The downside is that heavy units usually gets really good and you can annihilate the enemy by throwing cannon fooder at the AI, however basic units will rarely survive for long.- Each mission have a limit over how many units you can own/deploy, this means that the game quickly becomes about massed armored assaults whyere infantry have little real purpose except standing behind the armor and grabbing the objectives.- Most of the battles is about grabbing X amount of objective spots, I found that a little dull. Especially since they are usually placed that it means you also have to annihilate the entire opposing force.- Enemy command units while tough have a nasty habit of parking themsleves in the open on the front line to be fairly easily desposed off. With grand commanders like no wonder the AI have such poor tactics.- Killing the enemy commander have no real effect on the battle.- Enemy commanders fail to have significant impact on the battle. Yes I am really annoyed at the pointlessness of them.- Each battle is LONG so if you want a full battle beware it will take probably between 1 hour and 1h 30m to play one battle.- Some unit variants seem to have no purpose.- It is not always clear what effect a tile will have on a unit.- each weapon have a ton of statistic, but little to enable you to decide if it is a good or a bad unit when you are starting out.- a minor point but I was really sadden that there was no option to customize your titans considering how many options other units has this seems like and oversight.Overall the experience despite the flaws is overall good and very engaging, I have played several games like this over the years and this is in many ways one of the better ones and overall really well designed. The only real issue I have is that it doesn't feel (visually and mechanically) like a recent game, but rather as a game that could easily have been made 10+ years ago.(and because I like the idea of scores!)Art: 6 (it's good and fits but it isn't impressive)Combat: 7 (lots of option everythign feels meaningful, however the AI and focus on heavy units brings the game down a bit)Interface: 5 (clear and with a lot of options right at your fingers, as long as you already knows what everything means)Story: 7 (it's a warhammer 40k story it's about war, fits well but could use a bit more... life).Voice acting: 8 (surprisingly good)Level design: 7 (excellent level design with interesting challenges to overcome, only downside it is a design that mostly make things difficult rather than enabling certain units to really shine).Overall: 7 (or 6.7 if you want to be exact)"
76561198043646120,Recommended,312370,15571619,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Warbarian,"Ive always loved hex turn based strategy games since I was a kid. From the old (Turbographic 16 console) ""MIlitary Madness"" to the Pc's ""Panzer general"" series, ""Fantasy general"", and all of SSI's games ending with ""general"". Few games nowadays come out with such an older gaming style. (apparently hex based strategy games came out of the 60's with board games before my time)To see such a game such as ""Warhammer 40k Armageddon"" come out is such a pleasure. Every thing Ive always wanted in such an older style game. And to make things even better, its in the Warhammer 40k universe. With a ton of vehicles and units to purchase with decent graphics along with a story. How could I not want this game?However, at its first price near 40 bucks, I was somewhat hesitant to buy it. (Cause you know us old arm chair generals tend to be cheepos or tight with their money) But, being since it was Warhammer 40k I couldnt resist. (Now I actually wonder if the creators of the specific game were actually targeting older middle aged men who are board game players or the actual fanatical 40k fan) Thus the larger price tag on a style of game that is quite old.All in all a great game whether your a lover of turn base, hex based stragey games, or a 40k fan. You may love this game."
76561198006514123,Recommended,312370,30527581,Posted: 15 March,all,Rogal_Dorn,I tried this based on the strength of thier Order of Battle Series.  I wasn't dissappointed!  I am about 8 hours into the game so far (forgot to close the launcher and wracked up crazy hours accidently) still in act one and I have been impressed with the entire affair so far.  This was definitely worth the sale price.
,Recommended,312370,19446702,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ar-Aamon,"You like 40K? Then this is a game for you. You can field almost any Battle Tank you can imagine. Even Titans are in the game. Beside the fluff factor the hex-based turn-based strategy game has good machanic. Scout, plan ahead and use the Hammer of the Emperor and if this isn't enough you can call help upon the mighty Space Marines. They will answer the call."
76561197967648644,Recommended,312370,14568389,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Redeye7,"Put the panzer general cone issues aside for a moment. The devs have put alot of 40k love into this game, and it shows. I really enjoy playing it and the difficulty can be suprising at times. They have just released free DLC, and I would love to see expansions with other races and campaigns come down the pipeline before slitherine (if they do) more the 'corps' series of games to a new engine. If you like 40k strategy, and comparing the differences between 10 different versions of Leman Russ MBTs, agonizing over which one to buy, this is for you."
76561198016942811,Recommended,312370,25285505,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cadaver,"I absolutely love this game.  Don't expect fast action, awesome sound effects, or mind-numbing graphics.  This game is purely about strategy.  Reminds me of military madness or advance wars.  A large variety of units, but the fight sounds and animations are very old school.  A very relaxing game since you don't need to pause to walk away."
76561198003141183,Recommended,312370,19849218,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DoctorD,Like Panzer General with Warhammer units - awesome!
76561198013029474,Recommended,312370,16395424,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CatharWarrior,"It has its moments, but it somehow lacks the feel I would have expected from the makers of Panzer Corps."
76561198073575026,Recommended,312370,15944660,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Papasmurf,"if you like tabletop Warhammer and have noone to play with, this is the next best thing"
76561198007619959,Recommended,312370,15478015,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Weiss,"A good, constantly patched wargame set during one of the defining battles in the Warhammer 40.000 universe. Looks and runs better than Panzer Corps, the only real con being too outdated graphics, lack of polish (especially considering the price!) and not-that-great storytelling. Overall- it's a refreshing title definitely worth your attention, especially if you're into W40k and turn-based strategy AND wait until a hefty discount."
76561198008502936,Recommended,312370,13155403,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,<ALC> Zee,If you like w40k and advance wars.... you will enjoy this. Hopefully they add more factions. Excellent template to work with... so fingers crossed
76561198160866392,Not Recommended,312370,23480013,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,alexjohn2160,"When I bought this game I ignored the negative reviews that mentioned poor AI.  I erred in doing so.  This game, at the end of the day, was not simply not fun for me.I love the 40k universe (I play the tabletop game), and enjoy turn-based strategy games, so I figured this would be a blast.  I also like games with campaign play, units gaining experience, etc.Maybe the game feels low budget, maybe the AI isn't good, and/or maybe the secret sauce just isn't here and the game is no fun for me.  I'm not sure, so I requested a refund.:-/P.S. I absolutely loved ""Final Liberation"" as a kid.  If you want a compelling turn-based strategy game set in the 40k universe, that's your game.  You will not be disappointed by it, but you will be disappointed that they never made a sequel."
76561197970969536,Recommended,312370,13100496,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dino [swe],"Top notch wargame, steeped in rich 40K lore.Like Panzer Corps but improved on every level.Great sound, crisp - albeit simple - graphics, responsive gameplay, customization, heavily moddable, and weapon system gfx among the most beautiful Ive ever seen in any game :)The tutorial however, is not very useful. The manual is also lacking severely.So get ready to scratch your head for the first few hours!"
76561198004979129,Recommended,312370,13100302,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,{KOSD} Panfuricus,"This is an amazing adaptation of the 40k universe. It even has forgeworld units, prison batallions and other very niche lore references that are really awesome to get a chance to play with or play against. I can't recommend this game more than enough if you're a 40k lore afficianado or if you just like hex based war gaming."
,Recommended,312370,13100945,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,nestamon,"Love the 40k universe and as much as I loved all the Dawn of War stuff, it's nice to be able to play a turn-based strategy game.  Doesn't exactly mirror the tabletop game rules, but plenty of unit types and  it's quite fun so far."
76561198027588120,Not Recommended,312370,17342979,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,gamer.rex,"Too prescribed, too linear, and ultimately, the player (us) is just too irrelevant to the game - especially as played in campaign mode.As an artefact of of the ""I collect 40k"" gene, it's probably worth the $10 they're charging (wait, what!?); otherwise, just a facelift on a limited 1980's game model."
,Recommended,312370,13100937,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Okim,"Bought this game with multiplayer being the main reason. Me and my brother are old school WH40k fans and fight a long and endless ""tabletop war"" between orks (me) and marines (him). So this game was a no brainer to buy when we heard about it.Being a fan of Final liberation i can say that it is very similar in many aspects and i like it. BUT! This game with it`s cool drawn units has no movement and death animations at all (something that old Final Liberation HAD!), has no decals like craters and burns being left after barrage (something that even Steel Panthers of old 90th had). So i was a bit dissappointed by the high price and the lack of ""technology"" behind it.Next, multiplayer - it is PBEM and it has no turn replays! So you have to recall everything that was prior to the current turn and burn your brain imaginating what caused the outcome. Multiplayer feels like being wired in as the last and heavily untested feature. Also we were promissed to have a hotseat mode. There is no hotseat in the game right now.I would recommend this game to WH40k fans, but be aware that it has little difference from what you get on the table, except for miniatures producing sounds and fancy shotting effects."
76561198007315420,Recommended,312370,14025552,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gryphon,Tons of fun.. love the game play ... its challenging without being annoying :)
,Recommended,312370,14013325,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,|R|E|D|,All i can say about Warhammer 40k Armageddon  is that its worth the 40$ .Looking forward to the many hours i will spend playing this Great game .
76561198048170063,Not Recommended,312370,16681807,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,WinglessRayven,"The main quest line for the Imperal runs fine, but the other expansion quest lines are buggy, and the game crashes with it booting you back to desktop. The butt♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't end there as the saves for that game will not load, and force you to start the mission all over. It is a waste of 40 bucks, and as fan of 40k I hate not recommending it. But if they fix these problems that plaque the game I would totally recommend it."
76561197999699207,Recommended,312370,13108766,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lord_Chypher,"Would rebuy, if it is on sale ... as long not meeeeh"
76561197963448580,Recommended,312370,14155197,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,pqvez,"Great fun for TBS lovers.Wish we could play the other races (but then it wouldnt be Armageddon...).Ressource management is well implemented and difficulty level is adequate.If you've played other Slytherine games, you'll feel right at home."
,Recommended,312370,14299032,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Iseirious,"the game is awesome, I still want mass effect version of the inquisition or imperial guard, but if they make games like this? i guess im willing to wait a bit longer."
76561198048099365,Recommended,312370,13480413,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shitz McLightning Duke of Weeds,"this is one of my favorite games, although turn based hexagonal combats are some of the few genres which manages to capture my attention. My problem though, which I also found in elven legacy, comes in how the unit types progress. In elven lgacy losing veterans felt so bad that you would never let yourself lose a single unit [to the extent that you would just have to save and reload consantly]. This game less of that problem, but instead you find that early unit types, though in many ways the coolest and most flavorful [I bought the game so I could slaughter orcs with imperial guardsmen], are incapable of standing up lategame. This in many ways makes sense in universe, but I wish that having a balanced army payed off late game. Insead I found myself just usig math to decide who was the biggest, most powerful unit, and I just bought them. I want eery single unit in the game to be a sidegrade, no upgrades. That way, I can find myself enjoying every freaking unit, because lets be honest, warhammer is freaking awesome! Anyways, I would've also liked to have played as the orcs, and there to've been more races, though I have no doubt that they have such things in the works."
,Recommended,312370,13720551,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lord Tzargotha,"As I got older I found my old 40k opponents dwindling and the younger generations getting younger and more annoying (some where okay I suppose), so I had to get my ‘kicks’ of geekish-ness elsewhere. Thankfully strategy games have been on the go since the dawning of computers (i am going back to my Spectrum 48k days). I have played many GW games on the PC, from Space Hulk, to Dawn of War, and now this beast. I also have a love of tanks and the huge monstrous titans portrayed in 40k. So, yes, I am a tread-head and this game serves me well. It starts of gently, then suddenly it throws you deep into it (I noticed that on the first Titan mission, and like in the old board-game days I kept forgetting to move the damn thing). The graphics serves there purpose. As of yet in a physical miniature 40k game (I can’t say from 2010 onwards) I have never seen a model move (to the people complaining about graphics)... The sounds are good, serving the purpose of a war-game. So yes, in a nutshell, this game is great, and has, although not to a collecting level, brought me back to the 40k universe! I hope the developers release more expansions, beyond Armageddon (such as a Chaos incursion and ooooh a Tyranid invasion!!!)."
76561198006971183,Recommended,312370,13768842,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lonewolf81574,Great game love it. If u like Warhammer this is the game for u
,Recommended,312370,13933078,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,VRadley,It's as if I'm actually dying for the emperor of mankind! So realistic.
76561198006574962,Recommended,312370,14787808,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Philly_Wizard,Into the firess of battle; Unto the anvil of War!
,Recommended,312370,25231639,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CatDad500,"Do you like Panzer General 2 or Panzer General 3d? Good then buy it. Some of scenarios are a bit weak and limited turns is not a selling point but, buy this for the multiplayer."
76561198007932213,Recommended,312370,23908425,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DoomKnight,fun Game turn based gaming at its best
76561198009603748,Recommended,312370,15562898,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Turbosnowy,Superb turn based strategy war game and a must buy for any 40K fans out there - huge selection of units and great campaign.  Well worth your money and your time.
76561198061443517,Recommended,312370,15468257,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,trygbrown,"I really have been using this as a break from assembling my Cadian 92nd Regiment package since my hands cramp up after 4 hours of assembling tiny warriors. Is it WH40k on a PC?  Not really. It is basically a dumbed down version of Panzer General from the old days with WH40K fluff thrown in. Does it soothe my itch to eradicate Xenos scum in the name of the Emperor? Yes it does!  The units do what they should for the most part and appear to hold true the lore of the dark millenium that is the 40k verse. Meltas melt and plasma guns .... plasma?! Not really sure what they do, Adeptus Mechanicus  adepts woud be better to ask.  You really need to have the whole game world in your head to enjoy this or you could be a bit lost and wonder why these folks are so intent on undoing each other. I am still a bit irked at the weird pronounciation of Xenos in the intro movie. I hold solidly that it is : ZEE-nose. Each like is a psyker for the Emperor! Do what is right! 1k per day keeps Chaos away!"
,Recommended,312370,15844626,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Finite Monkey,"The biggest difference that sets this game out among the other Warhammer IP at the moment is that it doesn't over think it. This is basic Warhammer Armageddon style rules. Move units, shoot at other units, rinse and repeat. Simple enough to be easily accessible, complicated enough to be engaging.One of the best of the current crop, for sure."
76561198006891718,Recommended,312370,14819226,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,burgstel,"A surprisingly good turn based strategy Warhammer 40,000 game considering the game looks like it is using the old panzer tanks hexcell based engine. Multiple unit choices for the Imperial Guard Steel Legion, the Orcs and the three Space Marine Chapters (Blood Angels, Ultra Marines and Salamanders). Plenty of tank types and/or variants is where this game shines as there are many different weapon types and load outs depending on the tank type.This game is set during the Armageddon campaign of 40k lore where Commissar Yarrick first takes on Ork Warlord Thrakka at Hades Hive. The game sticks mainly to the cannon lore, but there are one or two surprises along the way. You eventually get to use 'hero' units towards the end of the game. (Sorry but no spoilers - if you want to know, play the game!)Graphics are a bit dated, but the game is using a dated engine, but this can be forgiven as the game play is pretty solid. You get a tutorial campaign, then the main campaign which is broken down into three acts. There are extra missions which you can play if you get tired of the main campaign and a recent free dlc has added an additional 5 extra missions that can be played.MP is good depending on who you are playing, but i feel that MP needs to have some kind of time limit in the case of players who aren't making any moves over a period of time. IMHO i feel that a player should forfeit a match if they haven't made a single move within a 2 to 4 weeks time. An option to force forfeit in MP would be appreciated from the devs. :)Overall i rate the game 7.1 / 10."
,Recommended,312370,13097401,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mithril,"Surprisingly good game. I am glad I didn't miss this game, it's a well executed game, and a welcome return to the classic hex turn based games. The fact that I love the Warhammer world certainly helps. I haven't played through the game yet, but I certainly will. But as good as I think this game is it does have some points that need improvement. Save games doesn't follow the storyline. By that I mean that if you save a game, you can't simply press continue and think the game will load up the latest save, and continue from there. No, it will instead reveal *all* chapters to you, and you choose where you want to play from. Nice gesture, but not so much on the first playthrough. All of a sudden you need to pick the chapter you were last time (and it's not certain you'd remember that) moreover it will start at the beginning of said chapter. Probably not what you want. Instead, you need to load the save and the save isn't named the text you gave it, no it's named after the place and time you saved it. Again, this isn't all that clear to a user. No, please fix so that a continue selection means just that, it will continue from whence you saved last. Also, please bring the naming into savegames, I typically (and I know others do too) save a temp file, that I want to use when I *don't* want to store a specific time and place. Seeing that name helps. Also, please don't let users see all the chapters on the first playthrough, it isn't helping the game at all. It breaks the story, it is like a kid winding the movie to the action scenes, skipping the booring (but oh so essential) 'talkie bits' :) But besides that, the game (at least to me) is good and very enjoyable."
76561198012516242,Recommended,312370,13098065,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Bluefire,"From what I have played thus far and in general being a fan of warhammer 40,000 and tatics games I can recammend this game without hesistation.The game play similar to panzor corps but refined. The game looks nices as a whole. I do have one problem and that is lack of animation on large units such as titans and walkers but overall I can see that the game looks good and plays good. Tons of replay ability due to missions having different approaches to victory and even wanting to try out new units and tactics. Tons of fun and I would say worth the purcahse.I can see this game having dones of DLC coming its way everything from new factions and campaigns to inlcuded new races such as chaos and eldar but even possibley even having some form of army painter that would satisfiy and warhammer 40,000 fan."
76561197980731943,Not Recommended,312370,14687960,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GotYourJetSki,A $5 game being sold for $40
76561197982329859,Recommended,312370,13098375,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Bagration,"I am a big Epic Armageddon fan, and I had high hopes for this game, and it has not let me down. Great voice acting get shooting effects and a nice sound track. Great job"
76561198006724515,Recommended,312370,13100387,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ataboy77,"So far this game is really good, and pretty accurate to the tabletop game. The best representation of the tabletop game that I've played."
76561198091883381,Not Recommended,312370,23496452,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,blainedeyoung2,"I haven't played much yet.  I'm probably go to play it through but only because I spent $25 to get it.  And if I knew then what I know, I wouldn't have.I never played Panzer Corps or Panzer General which people keep comparing it to, but the game is virtually identical to Elven Legacy which I did play.It's virtually identical with the following differences:  it doesn't seem to have the time pressure (in games turns, not realtime) to beat the missions that Elven Legacy had (great, the time pressure in Elven Legacy was oppressive, made it feel like a puzzle game); Armageddon's mechanics seem more complex which makes it difficult to predict the outcome of actions; Armageddon's mechanics are also more random which makes it impossible to predict the outcome of actions; units take longer to die which gets irritating, you have to pummel and pummel and pummel the enemy before they're gone; several factors make it harder to keep your units alive which sucks hard; Armageddon has a bewildering variety of units which you might think is a good thing but isn't, it's confusing, and you never know if you're using the *right* units; and, most dispiriting, it doesn't have anything like the rewards that Elven Legacy did.In Armageddon your units go up levels just like they did in Elven Legacy, but you only get the stat increase.  You don't get to choose a special ability for them which makes it much less interesting and doesn't allow you to customize your units the way you could in Elven Legacy.  Armageddon also doesn't have magic items which were another level of customization for your units and meant that you could take actions other than just attack, attack, attack.Armageddon isn't a bad game, but it's confusing with a very steep learning curve and doesn't make you want to keep playing.  If I could go back in time and tell myself not to buy it, I would."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,312370,25102277,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,NeonHaggis,"Sadly missing features that make these games more fun and replayable ie medals, promotions, multiple epic campaigns joined together etc The story becomes fixed without any unique aspects to me."
76561198006786167,Recommended,312370,14105375,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BrianDavion,If you enjoy Turn based stragety games and are a fan of warhammer 40k you'll proably enjoy this game
76561198007425046,Not Recommended,312370,23459602,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Evilsun,"The game is so simple, sadly too much for it's price.I expected somehow the board game for computer (I played Wh40k since more than 15 years) so I didn't really mind the graphics. But still, a little bit of animation would have been good for it's price. And ind the end well, it has really few to do with the board game, almost nothing but the background. Nevertheless, the first impression was good.But after several hours... the mechanics of the game are not explained anywhere, not in the tutorial or even not in the game manual. So you have to make a guess of what are all these numbers shown in the screen (based on the boardgame, if you have some experience). So in resume you have to play guessing what's going on, and what shall be good. Like whats the exp your units gained for, what use has the attack or deffense, how the outcomes are made, what are the numbers under the units and what the hell do they represent... A bit disappointing, you might give it a try it when iit reaches 5€ or so, if you have nowhere else to throw your money.PD: Despite they mention several races in the trailer they are only playable. Only Imperium, Orks, and Space Marines. But well, at least these last come in different colours and flavours..."
76561198337900443,Recommended,312370,28477920,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pmcquiston72,Love It!
76561198040586692,Recommended,312370,30320200,Posted: 4 March,all,Valkyrie2014,"Warhammer 40.000: Armageddon, turn base hex game, I love it, it has a good story to it, I has nice content to it, I love to see more stories and campaigns spring up from this reforge templaite of fun."
,Recommended,312370,23806650,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,EchelonFour,Game works for me.
76561198117719555,Recommended,312370,16016984,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,info,it don it good
76561198037277669,Recommended,312370,15931131,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ova Wolf,"I feel this game can be way better graphic department, I have seen many warhammer games in the ages so i expect more from game workshop when it comes to games from the year 2014, however from what i played of this game so far it has an nice storyline i have seen many warhammer games from ages.all in all i rate it like this.graphic     4/10gameplay 6/10storyline   7/10"
,Not Recommended,312370,13426418,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Psylent,Turn limits.....!What I mean by turn limits is that on every map your allotted a certain amount of turns to achieve the map/level objective and if you fail to do so then you lose regardless of how well you were doing.If I want to take my time to formulate strategy or to just sit back and enjoy dominating the map then I should have that option instead of being forced into a set time frame with which I have to finish. This is on the single player portion of the game I might add.Until the option to choose this feature is added then this game gets down vote from me as well as a not recommended.
76561198003662672,Not Recommended,312370,28724099,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gennaro,"Refunded after trying the bundle in the sale. Was more clunky than I thought it would be. I would expect this to run on a 486 DX2 x86 Pentium 2, 60 Mhz, and would have loved this when I was a teenager, when still exploring Space Marine table top game. It could have been a lot better, and there is not a lot to it at all."
76561197991841317,Not Recommended,312370,16884657,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,alan.laffan,bad game waste of money
76561198011487509,Not Recommended,312370,15249502,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,I)arklander,Only a couple of hours played and already three crashes and you can't resize the resolution to shrink the window even in windows mode. I already have better games and regret buying this one.
76561198006469861,Not Recommended,312370,18288953,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,FacelessOne,"This game get some interesting ideas and tons of unbalanced units, but it is not good Turn based strategy."
76561198003454835,Not Recommended,312370,28982727,Posted: 3 January,all,impiribl,"dumb AI, broken balance, big price."
76561198084967591,Not Recommended,312370,13259022,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LPOO,"Great game, reminds me of the old WW2 games from about 20ish years ago. The big issue is te price. I bought this on sale and it still isn't worth the price. Maye is they add from DLC of other than three playable races, then it will be worth the price tag. As for now, I can't recommend this game. I will edit this review if DLC does come out and is free."
76561198099507330,Not Recommended,312370,13572559,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Scarrz,Not fully what I thought. But it kind of gives you a steampunk feeling..old and retro.I am a little dissapointed for how much I paid for it.I'd get a refund if I could.
76561198042487809,Not Recommended,312370,13398175,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Fozzy85,"dissapointed with this game as its more or less the same as rites of war, (a good game) but no improvements Rites of war is over 10 years old.Played this game wanting more from the start ......"
76561198021625011,Not Recommended,312370,15269429,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,td4283,"This is quite simply one of the worst games I've ever played and I'm disgusted that I didn't do more research prior to buying it.  I'm sure like most, I was excited that there was a new Warhammer 40K title out and rushed to buy.  Wow, what a mistake.  The graphics are simplistic beyond compare to any other 40K title.  In fact, I'd still be disappointed by the graphics and basic nature of the game if this was on my mobile phone, not to mention my PC.  What a complete waste of $30."
76561198007212250,Not Recommended,312370,34015362,Posted: 4 August,all,Vae Victis,"is this game worth 36,99 euro ?No, absolutely not. let alone the DLC's -I bought it when price was lower.19,99 euro still feels to be way to much.But being a W4OK fan i felt a desire to explore it.Aside from the inbetween missions character voice actingthis game offers next to nothing.A nicely painted world that is fun to look at.But you'll find being zoomed out the max is best to engage in moving your troops.the detail gets lost instantly as one kinda zone's out playing this.The game would have been great if they added some goddamn animation and voices during gameplay.Variation - AI ally. etc.  Tanks do not even turn to the direction of the enemy when you attack them.Also lacks mods all together...As It is, in my opinion.  this game is extremely static. making it extremely dull.Variation is nihil.Each mission is nearely the same as before,  Capture victory hex, one way or the other.Having to complete the objectives in x amount of turns... ( some missions have up to 20+ turns , but still... )I ended up doing the last act with cheats,  to run through the voice acting and story.Wich is meager in and off itself.No cinematics- Only the 3 original acts have voice acting. - the rest of the DLC is read only...DLC is basicaly campaign expansion , having one endure the boredom for even longer -With no voice acting, what so ever.The 40k style is present yes, -Lots of units aswell  but why you should take a myriad of units with less damage then others , makes it kinda pointless.I cannot recommend this game at any price - let alone for 36,99 euro."
76561198047814928,Not Recommended,312370,14753795,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,stalker alpha,"blue screens, crashes and other glitch outs make me want my money back. yes it is only this game, the dow series has yet to treat me so badly"
76561198045572096,Recommended,312370,13132945,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MasterRidley,TItans! Okay I think I've said too much about the game.
76561198029351622,Not Recommended,312370,13262943,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Clidell,"I got this one for a friend and myself to play multiplayer.  $90  for 2 copies of a to me no more than a $10 ($5 of that for the 40K name) game at the most.  yes i understand turn based was in the discription but its literaly turn than e-mail notification to your oponent and sit wateing at a menu seeing nothing as you wate for your oponent to e-mail you back teling you its your go.  Haveing payed $40+ X2 I feel well with in my rights to  just expect more. articulation not beeing a strong suit of mine I will just finish with.game was NOT fun for me, watch videos of multiplayer prior to buying your self  I wish I had.Choke on the cash."
76561197990312278,Recommended,312370,13136563,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sapper,Great game close to table top.
76561198029554602,Not Recommended,312370,32602967,Posted: 20 June,all,ihalltrom,"I loved this game, however for the last few months, for some reason, whenever i try and load or save a game i just get a violation error that closes the game. It's completely unplayable!!! It's a real shame as was very much enjoying it :("
76561198112964277,Recommended,312370,27606152,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sone miyuki,"good game,go through the histroy of 2nd armageddon war to experience the bloody and ferice,full of strategy especially in very hard mod and fog on.also a challenge to manage your army not to mess together.no flank is a pity."
76561198040375228,Recommended,312370,31472071,Posted: 30 April,all,Sidathon Avandus,The Emperor approves
,Not Recommended,312370,29913185,Posted: 13 February,all,KillJOE,"What a terrible WH40k tie in.  This game is a poorly coated WWII hex based adventure to boredom town.  Total ripoff as the visuals are from 2004 and the sound effects are strangley bad.  Sadly, as a huge fan of 40K, I have played over my refund time waiting ....hopeing.......DONT BUY.  THERE are so many better RTS or even turn basted stratedgy games out there."
,Recommended,312370,22872634,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,uiwe,Good game.
76561198122712084,Recommended,312370,31556578,Posted: 5 May,all,8-The-General-8,DLC Waaayyy too expensive but a decent game.
76561198005422312,Recommended,312370,27232653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revilius,For WH40. fans is obligatory.
76561197970532681,Not Recommended,312370,13091096,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Trackblock,"So I was looking forward to a turn-based 40K game...and this is what I got.Pros:40k Turn-basedCons:Can only play as Imperial GuardWhy can you only play as Imperial Guard?Don't waste your time with this...it should have been free or $5.00 for the limited content.Updating based on comments:So apparently you can play as 3 SM Chapters & Orks in multiplayer.  It's still extremely limited in troop choices/factions.  No skirmish mode, no co-op, no team play.  Anyone who played the original Dawn of War will likely be disappointed with this title."
76561198262808216,Not Recommended,312370,33228206,Posted: 4 July,all,shane,Wanted something to scratch a 40k itch. This doesn't do it.
76561198014737067,Recommended,312370,13188956,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,skinny,havent enjoyed a game so much in a looooong time
,Not Recommended,312370,30481025,Posted: 12 March,all,DerpPartySupplier,"This is about the stupidest and most obnoxious game I have ever played.I have reconsidered my original opinion, my new opinion is Games WorkShop (40K), and everything about Games WorkShop needs to go away.  The whole game model is just a tedious grind where you get more infantry to acts a shields while your armor beats down your opponents infantry.  This game, the rules and the whole concept is dated, like 1950s bad, dated.  No tactics, no planning, no thought beyond clink and point send a mad horde of infantry and armor to overpower your opponent, before the turn counter runs out.   Seriously, who the heck wins a war by throwing away armor and life, in reckless and needless fashions?  Games Work shop and all it products are the worst games imaginable for strategy."
76561198013027482,Recommended,312370,13191596,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Crimson Fleet,"Dave, it is me."
76561198006409127,Not Recommended,312370,23318825,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,morganthebear,Pathetic. Whats the point of buying a game when it wont even let you finish the campaign because of catastrophic bugs.
76561198039487354,Recommended,312370,25296875,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ctiger,"If you like Warhammer 40k & ""Order of Battle"" style strategy/war games, this is for you."
76561197982224518,Recommended,312370,20796467,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dacith,"love the game, but would really like to see some other races in DLC"
76561198005705549,Recommended,312370,13148832,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SoS,"Not a bad game, but kind of expensive for what it is, if you're a 40K fan and it's on sale it's worth a go.The DLCs are something to avoid, they are basically extra maps with a more limited troop selection, you'd need to be really into the game to enjoy them."
