user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007434958,Recommended,312350,11417185,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dr Duh,"Early review -I've been a wargamer for a long long time, so I perhaps have a bias towards games like this.  This is a grand operational level game where you control one of the two alliances in WW1, with a choice of 5 start dates.  It's a bit like Panzer General etc. in that it's turn based - you move and attack with all your units one at a time, then your opponent takes his turn and does the same.  It'snotlike PG in that it is one continuous campaign - no linked scenarios with core units gaining xp,  Also, you have to control both land and naval units, as well as manage research and unit production.  There is multiplayer, but I haven't tried it so far, and there is only AI for your opponent (you're thrown in the deep end - you have to manage everything for your side yourself).I suggest you check out some of the let's plays by RiotHouseLP if you want to see what the gameplay is like.  One thing about those LP's though - they're a year old, and it looks like the game has had one or more updates since then.The AI is reasonably competent - on land it knows how to break through weak spots in your line and encircle and cut off units.  My advice on either side of the 1914 start is focus on cranking out cheap garrison units until you have enough to maintain continuous fronts with some reserves.  The AI wasn't so good with the German Navy though - when I loaded up my first BEF units to cross the channel, it sent a battleship and cruiser into the channel to attack a transport.  This might have been ok if he was certain to sink it, but he didn't, and anyway I don't think it's worth sacrificing a battleship just to kill one land unit.  So the AI doesn't know the value to the Germans of just keeping a fleet in being.  It seemed to handle the Allied fleets better.OK, back to my 5th start - maybe this time I can make it through the end of 1914 at least ;)Update:After another couple tries starting as CP in 1914, I've given up for now trying to win with them until I get better at the game.  One of the things I like most about historical wargames is when by playing them you can learn a real historical lesson.  In this case, the lesson is that the Central Powers have almost no chance of winning if they can't knock out at least one of their 3 opponents in the first year.  After that, the numbers are all on the side of the Entente for winning any war of attrition.I've now played a complete game as the Entente.  I won through to a complete victory in 1917.  I defeated Germany and Austria-Hungary early in 1916, but the pesky Ottomans wouldn't surrender until I moved some armies all the way across the map to Egypt and the Caucasus to start putting a hurt on them.  It was worthwhile though because learned how to perform an amphibious invasion and I got to see the importance of massed airpower, artillery, and shore bombardment in punching through otherwise hopelessly strong static trench defenses.So, a definite thumbs up!"
76561198025311325,Recommended,312350,18057914,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,horseartillery,"Ok. I have played this game for a while and got the hang of it.It is a great game of WW1 with a couple of frustrating imperfections that you only really appreciate when you have played quite a bit. So while i might say negative things at the end of this review this is a recommendation.For starters it feels like WW1.The graphics look the part.  The map covers everything and there is plenty of open ocean for the naval campaigns to unfold.  The opening turns also develop in a  very similiar manner  to the actual war as long as you play even modestly sensibly as either side.infantry battles are a hard slog.  A mistake in position can be very unforgiving.Britain relies on convoys. The germans need to get their subs out or they will lose quickly.The Austrians have no convoy resources to build gear or extra artillery shells but can maintain a respectable infantry force.Battleship battles can be very important for morale.All very WW1.It has a great integration between the naval and land war, in that what happens in each is vital to your war effort, whatever side you are on.  It has a representation of all major theatres so you can decide to make your push where you want to. Want to quickly crush the Serbs? The Central Powers (germany,  Austria et al) must send all your artillery there first. But then it wont be in France or Russia for a couple of turns. Can you cope with that?Although many reviewers have said artillery and other auxiliary units such as aircraft can be both over powered and under powered it really depends on the circumstances. Just a small amount can tip the balance. Even a shore bombardment might make all the difference to destroying a unit or letting it stay in place.. Having said that aircraft should really only be important for Recon in the first couple of years but even for recon they are a must have. Why have have Airships? They are fantastic for recon and  anti sub warfare.  As the Entente (Britain, France et al) i always build them to kill the German subs. Why have armoured cars? In open battlefields they can help cut vital supply lines and also have a recon role. They are a must have for the Turks on the Caucasian front.Contrary to what many may think the tech tree and decisions there are vital.  German infantry start off better than every one else and it up to you to make it stay that way if you want to win as central powers.   There is a real infantry arms race that is apparent if you get to 1916 and havent done any upgrades of your infantry.  Also the tech tree allows both sides to get different nations to specialise. All nations should both do infantry and artillery trees but, for example, the brits can do naval and the French can do aircraft so you can sell your labs  you dont need and buy extra labs in the areas you like.Ok whats wrong with this game?Many reviewers have said the AI is over powered and cheats.I think the AI is actually hopeless in the naval war and easily gets confused when battle lines open out as they do in Russia.It does really silly early war builds such as many artillery pieces that can never be used because of shell shortages.The AI as the central powers never builds enough subs to begin with and never really challenges the convoys that the british and french recieve. As an entente player you can use your subs in the Baltic,  armoured cruisers in the atlantic and light cruisers in norway and the Germans will be lucky to get 1 convoy through in the whole game. On the contrary when you play as the  central powers you can develop strategies to keep your convoys going or if necessary to restart them if they are stopped by entente naval warfare.just on convoys the manual says you get an  10 manpower points per merchant ship that arrives. You actually get 100 and so if you get even ten convoys in that makes a 1000 which is more than most countries start with.  As the germans i start with around 1850 manpower points at the beginning of the war, by april 1916 in one game i had 2374 manpower points in germany. A great way to populate a country but not very realistic. As a note I have never actually played a game where man power made any difference to either side. Manpower quality is said to be in the game and occasionally you get a note saying its gone down but i have noticed the difference, however well or badly i was doing.As Central powers you only build infantry,  subs and replacements for your 3 planes if they get destroyed..  Heaps of fluffy stuff can come later and will be useful (see later) but if you want to survive that is what you need.As Entente the AI stuffs Egypt full of infantry, artillery and planes.  For gods sake it only needs 4 infantry 1 gun and a plane to hold there against what ever the turks can muster for years!  Also as the Entente it is pointless to try to conquer turkey from there. You do it by taking Constantinople from your position in  Serbia after crushing Bulgaria. The game system gives  the Entente 3 free infantry units in april 1915 offshore at gallipoli. never land at Gallipoli, send the Anzacs to Serbia where they will do a seriously good job.  The AI nearly always lands them at gallipoli where they get slaughtered.The real fail in the AI of the  game though has been mentioned before by other reviewers and that is when italy joins the war most of the french and british units defending France all go to italy and capturing Paris becomes a walk in the park for the germans. Contrast this against the fact that in the many games i have played i have rarely won in france before italy joins the war so up to this point the game mechanics and balance has been extremely good in recreating a version of what actually played out in history. France was historically the battlefield where the horrible grind occurred and the war was won and lost in bitter battles on sea in the atlantic and in russia.Lastly i will give you one of my secrets to winning as the germans if the game plays out past 1916.  Buy lots of artillery labs and build the railway guns. Dont bother with wasting money on buying much extra artillery shell production as the railway guns only use 2 artillery shells per shot rather than 10 for conventional guns. It also fires as well, if not better, than the normal guns, contrary to the manual. lastly its a railway gun so must stick to railways but Paris and every other main city or objective is on a railway.Also to get your shell production up 5 shells a turn can easily cost 200 points . As the Central Powers do you want ten subs or ten infantry or 1 extra artillery shot every second turn.. thats a no brainer.Just a couple of things for the AI to get right and this a all time classic strategy game, even against the AI. Obviously with an arranged game with another player none of these AI issues are a problem.Still after all this 400 + hours tells me i love this game.  You will too."
76561198089791459,Recommended,312350,14261756,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ziremonger,"Commander the great war is an exceptional world war 1 tile based strategy game with an extraordinary amount of depth and replayability. After reading other negative reviews this game has recieved i was struck by how ridiculous they were. Well over half of them state that the ai cheats. That the ai has huge production bonuses and can produce three times as many units as human players. That the ai's units recieve combat bonuses that make them twice as strong as the human players units. All these claims are simply not true. However i can understand how many players have come to these false conclusions.- The ai are very good for a turn based strategy game and may provide a serious challenge to newcomers.- The strategy's you must use to triumph are so vastly different to all other strategy games, simply because the first world war was and still is so vastly different to any other wars that have ever been fought.- The attacking unit will always take far more damage than the defending unit (up to four times in fact!!!) therefore to overwhelm a single enemy infantry unit is not uncommon to have to attack it with 3 of your own infantry units and only after you have weakened said enemy infantry unit with artillery bombardments and harried them with fighters.Many players have also claimed that artillery, fighters, armoured cars, bombers, zeppelins and cavalry are useless and unbalanced. While there may have been some serious balance issues in 1.5 the recent release of the 1.6 beta patch has fixed 90 percent of these balance issues. As for these units being useless even prior to the patch this was never the case. Artillery may appear to do little damage but the small amounts of damage they do in addition to the damages in efficency they cause to enemy units are invaluable and are almost required to make any kind of serious pushes into enemy territory. Fighters and bombers function as aerial artillery and there large range and high sight values make them very usefull as scouting units. Zeppelins have the highest range and sight and this more then makes up for there lack of durability and the drain they will inflict on your precious ammo stockpiles. Armoured cars are twice as fast as infantry units can see four time as far. This makes them usefull scouting units. What cavalry lack in defense they make up for in speed, sight and offensive capabilitys.Commander the great wars singleplayer will eventually get dull. However the multiplayer never will i hope you have enjoyed my rambling review and that you will like it to prevent any firther loss in sales this game may suffer due to false accusations of cheating ai.Good day"
76561197970645163,Recommended,312350,11444408,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Roy Calbeck,"It's a rarity in terms of World War One games: there's enough depth of strategy to make the war feel winnable, while keeping things simple enough to avoid getting bogged down.  The dev team also put together a genuinely challenging AI, too: even on ""Balanced"" mode, you'll find yourself fighting for every battlefield advantage you can muster.Speaking as an old-school tabletop-wargaming grognard, The Great War is definitely worth the $20 it's currently on sale for.Unfortunately it suffers from three problems:1) While much of the game is highly intuitive to grasp, there's zero in-game help for the more obtuse bits.  Until you give the out-of-game manual a read-through, you'll inevitably make small but crucial mistakes that end up hampering your strategy.  I highly recommend playing one game for familiarization and then skim the manual for the bits that seem confusing.2) All moves and decisions are both immediate and irreversible.  Did you misclick, sending a unit out of the front line and opening a gap for your enemy to exploit?  Your only recourse is to load a save, and hope you did it recently.  ""Save Often, Save Well"".3) Although you can play in a window, I don't recommend it.  Doing anything outside the game seems to slow it down dramatically, the more so as the game progresses.  It was only the second year of the war by the time single-unit moves were taking the computer several minutes to analyze and execute.But if you're interested in this particular conflict and are willing to devote yourself exclusively to it for the duration of gameplay, ""The Great War"" offers an enjoyable challenge."
76561198002933633,Recommended,312350,16963046,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,animalshadow,"ENG:I was watching for a long time for this wargame, cause I didnt fully understand what I'll get - Or this is just a Panzer Corps clone or something like AGEod wargames. I like both of 'em, but still had some questions, even that Slitherine(For me it's like a seal of quality) is game publisher.Overall I'm really interested in any Great War staff(Books, Games, etc.), but there are only few good games in WW1 setting.Finally I decided - It's time to try this title and I got interesting mixture between Panzer Corps and AGEod wargames.Game offers few scenarios, each by starting year. You choose side by alliance - Entente or Central Powers, you can't choose and play only one country, but for WW1 wargames it's OK. But it wou,d be nice to see Entente devided by two more alliences(both on one side ofcource) - Western Entente and Russia with Serbia, cause these two theathers were historically ""independent"" even they fought on one side. But it's a feature which ""would be nice to see"".In game you can produce units, research militsry staff(grenades, machineguns, gas, etc.), increace transport capacity by investing resources into railways, ship transport and etc.Besides ground warfare, game offers naval and simplified aerial warfares(including strategic airship bombardment).Graphics are eyecandy. In-game interface, town & officers photos, events along with sound effect and music deserve special attention - all of this provides you with nice experience.By the way, game perfectly rins on touchscreen devices, which is really important for me(especially abibility to hover cursor above unit to calculate predicted losses, not all of wargames even if they work with touchscreens support this feature)Overall game is looking and playing very nice. Despite it's looking simple it's hard to master game. I'm really happy that I finally decided to get this one. If you still questioning yourself, but intersted in Great War or looking for a good wargame - Get Commander: The Great War! :)RUS:Очень долго присматривался к этой игре, т.к. не до конца понимал что получу в итоге.То ли клон Panzer Corps, то ли что-то похоже на варгеймы AGEod, обе из перечисленных варгеймов мне очень нравятся, но терзали сомнения несмотря на то, что издатель Slitherine(что для меня является знаком качества).Вообще тема Великой Войны меня всегда привлекала, но качественных игр, в любом жанре, по этой тематике можно пересчитать по пальцам.Наконец-то я решился и взял Commander: The Great War. В итоге я получил гибрид Panzer Corps и варгеймов от AGEod.Варгейм предлагает на выбор несколько сценариев разделенных по годам. На выбор 2 стороны - Антанта и Центральные Державы. Выбрать одну страну и играть только за нее невозможно - только союзы, что для Варгеймов по 1-й Мировой Войне помоему - плюс, единственное можно было-бы разделить Антанту на 2 части - ""Западная Антанта"" и Россия с Сербией, т.к. это 2 ТВД, которые на протяжении войны несмотря на нахождения стран в единном союзе были практически независимы друг от друга, но это скорее мое пожелание, чем недовольство.Игра дает возможность производить боевые единицы, проводить исследования военной направленности, увеличивать транспортные возможности -инвестируя в Ж/Д линии, транспортные корабли и т.д.Помимо наземных сражений игра предлагает морские и упрощенные воздушные операции(Включая стратегические бомбардировки с помощью дирежаблей).Графика приятна глазу - аккуратно нарисованнные гекс, красивые эффекты и просто приятные модельки юнитов.Игровой интерфейс, фотографии городов, офицеров и фото эвентов вместе с замечательным звуком и музыкой заслуживают отдельного внимания - все это вместе погружаетв игру очень сильно.Так же игра отлично работает на тачскрин девайсах, что для меня сейчас очень важно(особенно функция при наведении курсора на юнита для прогнозирования результатов сражения, к сожалению не везде это есть)В общем и целом игра очень приятная и несмотря на кажущуюся простоту довольно занятна. В общем я рад, что решился ее приобрести, если у вас еще есть сомнения, но вам интересна тема Великой Войны или вы ищете занятный варгейм - смело берите ""Commander: The Great War""! :)"
76561198038466696,Recommended,312350,15424704,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Downright.,"This is a good,functional, clever, wargame.It's certainly grim but then so was WW1 and all wars  for that matter to a lesser or greater extent.There is none of that fancy manoeuvring or deception  in this game,nope its the meat grinder approach all the way.And that was how it was circa 1915.It's an  easy game to pick up and get underway playing but make a mistake or miss moving  a critical unit and whamo it really clobbers you big time. Does the AI cheat as  some of the thumbs down boys and girls  claim? I would only say that theAI  is very lucky.Still as N. Bonaparte said ""Good luck is the just reward for the skilful"" and the AI  is certainly skilled.It gives you a good battle.                                                                                           The game looks good, it's huge,it's easily playable, the music is Ok,some of the combat noises are  kind of strange rather than warlike,everything works ,and its easy to find your way round the game.Only one crash in the 10 hours I have played and that was Adobe Acrobat 5 wanting a chat. WTF? This is a good game ,nicely balanced between hard and playable.  Give it a try...."
76561198018716534,Recommended,312350,11418263,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Sheytanaslan,"Well my review is the game seems pretty solid. I still havnt got all the mechanics down yet, but it is a engaging game. You have to think about precisely what you are going to do with every unit. I wacthed some olf lets plays dated 1 year ago and the game now is different as far as I can tell, more updates. I understand people are waiting for a 1.5 patch but ive found it a challenge.I started out as the Central powers and found the AI a good challenge, didnt finish the game, was getting clubbered by the AI in my first game, then switched to Entente(spelling?) etc, and found it just as challenging. This is my current game and ive managed to hold in Serbia though I am bieng wittled down. France was a fright but after tossing units, the milita type ones into the breech the germans started shifting east, and clobbered my Russian army before I could mass enough to make a imapct. Its in sort of a stalemate now.The game has a constant sense of tension, as I commented above you have to THINK about each units move, the production at first glance dosnt seem that deep, but it is...because there is a finite limit where you will suffer for overproducing, and you also need to weigh tech development against this. I havnt played a complete campaign yet but I ponder all the points I spend.I will say this, the German fleet is too agressive early on. I destroyed thier navy off the coast of Belgium, some crusier units were still in the baltic and I wiped those out with my Russian fleet.The submarine warfare aspect seems interesting, from both sides.Anyway the land warfare model aspect of the game is quite a challenge, this coming from someone who started wargaming when I was 10 years old. My most memorable victory was defeating our wargaming club sponsor, a US Army Colonel playing Napolean in SPI's enhanced version of the Battle of Waterloo.My conclusion so far is this game is without a doubt worth what it is currently bieng sold for. I give it a wargamers thumbs up and a 8/10 rating."
,Recommended,312350,11424223,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Neverwinter,"This is an early review, as I only played the game for 5.3 hours at the moment.In Commander: The Great War you either play as the Entente or the Central Powers. The war starts with just Austria-Hungary (Austria for short) and Serbia going at it. But within a few turns, other nations start to get involved. Eventually, you'll be taking charge of the land, naval and air forces of all nations of your alliance. As the Entente, that means fighting off a German invasion of Belgium and France in the west, an Austrian invastion of Serbia in the Balkans, a joint German-Austrian invastion of Russia and you'll need to keep your enemy at bay on the North Atlantic and Mediterranean. As time passes, your attention is needed in even more areas as more nations joint the fight. At the same time, you're in charge of unit production, research and logistics (in terms of: make sure you have enough industrial capacity to support your armies and keep some of it in reserve to actually build new units, repair units and upgrade units when needed) of each individual nation in your alliance.We all know about the trench warfare of the Great War: millions of men trapped in trenches and mud for years with high numbers of casualties and little or no gains. I started this game with the tought: 'I'm not going to get bogged down in trench warfare.' Guess what: I got bogged down in trench warfare. Actually, soon I was happy I managed to stop the German and Austrian advances at all. I was happy the front stabalized and trences were dug (you can actually see more and more trenches on the map if your units stay in one place long enough). My western front is just as static as the western front historically was. The AI really looks at your frontline's weak spot and throws one unit after another at it in an attempt to break through your lines and encircle your units. My Russian front collapsed 4 times in the first year of war (even after it stabilized a few times), resulting in loss of units, one massive retreat, alot of lost ground and a giant hole in the Ukraine where a single German cavalry unit is wreaking havoc at the moment with only a few small garrison units in my cities to slow it down. I simply don't have any unit to spare to go after the German cavalry unit, since my Russian frontline is to unstable because of continued AI attempts to outflank me (and I'm not even using the high difficulty setting here).The horrors of war also have a negative effect on your units' fighting efficiency. If your units are at the front for to long and get attacked time and again, their efficiency drops (even if you constantly repair the unit). It is absolutely necessary to rotate your units on and of the frontline. When a unit's fighting efficiency drops, take it of the line a few turns so the troops can get some rest. If you keep them on the line, eventually the unit will crumble and start to lose battles they would have won if they were rested. At times, it's better to put a rested garisson unit on the line instead of a regular infantry unit with low morale. It's small things like this that give this game an extra strategic layer.The only thing I'm a little worried about is the way the alliances advance through the war. It appears that the alliances are set and the moments that other nations like Italy, the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria join the war is (to a great extend) fixed. It would be nice to not play every game knowing Italy or Bulgaria are going to join at a certain side at a certain moment. Italy was a member of the Central Powers before WW1, so it would be nice to occasionally see Italy joining in with Germany and Austria-Hungary instead of with the Entente, just to keep you on your toes and force you to keep some units in reserve near the Italian border just in case. That being said: I must stress that I only played this game for a few hours so far, so it might well be possible that the alliances might turn out not to be as set as they appear, but for the moment they appear to be set. Time will tell.So far I'm very happy with this game and it will propably keep me busy for a long time. It gives me a challenge I usually only get from Paradox games like Hearts of Iron. If you even have a slight interest in WW1 or like a strategy game with a challenging AI, this is a great game for you."
,Recommended,312350,12781680,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,The Nonsuch,"This game is excellent! It requires a lot of strategy on an entire war scale. I have spent minutes deciding what to spend the few precious resources I had on. Fighting a war on multiple fronts allows you to use different strategies at the same time.""Should I beat the enemy down in a war of attrition or win through superior strategy?""""Should I reinforce the western front or prepare an attack on an ungaurded location?""""Do I have enough manpower to sustain an assault?""""If I attack the enemy now, can I keep the pressure on long enough for me reinforcements to show up?""""My centre is in a stalemate. If I attack in the north can I break through and surround the enemy and win the war?""""Is that a gap in the enemy line, or do they have plenty of men just out of sight that would destroy me if I advance?""These are some of the many very exciting questions I had to ask myself while playing this game.If you enjoy strategy or using your mind to win rather than your ability to click buttons really fast, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,312350,11435666,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,o_sleep,"I played the regular campaign yesterday.  I chose the entente and squished prussia from both the french and russian sides while maintaining a pretty active skirmish in Serbia.  I didn't get to the point of feeling the computer cheats, like I do with civ.  I was able to win in 1915, which is early historically, but I was still satisified with my day long campaign.You really get a sense of the different theatres of the war and it heavily emphasizes defence over attack, which makes sense in trench warfare.Anyway, I'm happy I picked it up.  Looking forward to trying out the multiplayer."
76561198007469622,Not Recommended,312350,11719203,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Jarvis,"Disappointing game.==============If you are looking for a historical wargame dealing with WW1, look elsewhere!  Here are some examples of the game design:1) Artillery was a major component of the war while air power was weak and slowly evolving.  In CTGW, it is reversed.  Artillery is useless and Air power, particularly bombers are insanely overpowered, almost nuclear.2) The Russian army which was a basketcase in the real war, is uber powerful in CTGW.3) As the Entente, the game won't make it to 1918, because the idiot CP AI does not defend the Italian Front!4) If you play the CP, you will be fighting a Russian army that is actually stronger than the German troops!  THe game quickly becomes a stalemate.5) The AI does stupid things like putting air units, trains, and artillery on the front line which gives you a big edge.In short, there are much better designed games with better AI out there.  This game will provide you with some enjoyment initially but will end up gathering dust on your hard drive.  Save your money for something better.  I'll be pleased to change my review if and when these flaws are addressed"
,Recommended,312350,11476151,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Drone,"So, this game is pretty good. The strategy wargame genre has a pretty bad (and in most cases deserved) reputation for producing opaque, dense, hard-to-understand niche games that appeal to a very specific and small crowd of history and military nerds. However, Commander: The Great War hits the formula perfectly, as a balanced, fairly transparent and easy-to-understand wargame that anyone can pick up and begin playing pretty quickly. The UI is fairly intuitive and well-designed (which already places it in a league far above most other ""grognard"" games), the graphics are solid, the AI is competent, and the pacing of the game is really genius.In Commander: The Great War, you don't play an individual country - rather, you take control of one of the sides of the Great War (the Entente and the Central Powers). At first, this may seem a little daunting to the new player. ""Oh crap, I have to control HOW many countries, and simultaneously at that?"" This is where the pretty clever design comes in. As a new player, you're given control of the Entente, and on Turn 1 you have direct control of only... Serbia, a small but compact nation in the Balkans where the whole tragic story of the Great War started. Since at the beginning you're only managing the one country, it's easier to get ahold of simple game concepts before you're tossed headfirst into one of the biggest conflicts in human history. A turn or two later, and some other allies join in, gradually building the game up in scope. You never feel like you're in over your head, and that's why I say the pacing is great. As the game goes on, it gradually adds more and more layers, and you never feel like it does so before you're ready for it.The game reminds me a lot of 2x2 Games' ""Unity of Command"" (also available on Steam and also recommended), which takes a similar, approachable, and downright fun approach to the strategy wargaming genre. Both developers have taken the core of these complex strategy games, chewed them up, refined them into their most fundamental parts, and dropped them into a package that is accessible, unintimidating, and a load of fun for newcomers and veterans alike.All in all: if you're interested in getting into turn-based strategic wargames, or are a World War 1 nerd, pick up this game. It's strangely addictive, and definitely scratches that ""just one more turn..."" itch."
,Recommended,312350,17319064,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Velihopea,"Short review:9+. Best WW1 TBS game out there at the moment. The hardcore strategy meter for this game is mediocre, so you don't have to be a Gary Grigsby fan to enjoy this one. Average game takes about 20 hours to finish.Long review:Commander: The Great War is a turn-based grand strategy game (warfare, production, tech research) with panzer general style combat, that plays out on one map of Europe (no different maps for tactical battles) . You can play either as Central powers or Entente. Once a nation joins your side, you control all their assets.Troops consist of land troops (infantry, cavalry, armor, armored cars, artillery), air force (bomber&fighter), navy (subs, destroyers, battleships). Tech research is on those three fields (land,air,navy). Production is based on industry points received from cities (or trade ships if they reach harbour before sunk) and you can produce troops, rail network, ammunition production and naval transport capacity. You also get special generals to attach to your troops.The game captures the trench warfare pretty well and especially on western front the lines tend to move slowly. The game is also pretty hard and I lost on the first try. The AI is pretty good and only on a few occasions I noticed stupid behaviour, like AI moving arty to the front lines. One big setback (IMO) is that the units gain no experience."
76561197975344785,Recommended,312350,11667785,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Axle,"This is a good wargame.  The UI is straightforward.  The gameplay is not hard to learn if you try.  The developers encourage modding.  I also, found myself looking up events and such to learn more about WW1 because I'm playing the game."
76561197971629660,Recommended,312350,11436952,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dadaan,"Only a few hours in, but this is a solid game. You control an entire alliance and have to plan your moves well in advance. It's turn base, similar to Panzer Corps. 8/10"
76561198041228725,Recommended,312350,19314329,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tranquil,"Although I've played for only a couple of hours, I expect to have fun with the game for a lot more hours. Here are the pros and cons so far.Pros:WW1 theme. There aren't a lot of strategy games that focus on WW1, though the genre seems to have gained some popularity.Not too complicated. The Hearts of Iron series has more micro-management. An experienced wargamer will not have problems with the game mechanics, and might even think of it as simplistic.The AI seems to be good. Definitely an important aspect of a strategy game. There are 3 difficulty settings: handicapped AI, balanced AI and privileged AI.Trench warfare. I guess this is one of the things that makes the game more immersive. (Historical) immersion is most important to me when it comes to games that are clearly based on past events.Control of nations. You don't choose a nation to start with, you control the nations that are part of the alliance you choose (Entente or Central Powers). So getting the (historical) allies into the war or avoiding the possible allies of the enemy to get into the war is necessary to win.Cons:Graphics. The graphics are not aweful but the developers could have done a better job. It's not ugly, but sometimes the menus or images are mediocre at best. In my opninion, beautiful graphics contribute a lot to immersion. There are no animations, it doesn't look very lively.Rather little room for alternate history. Of course, the game focuses on World War 1, so winning the war with the Central Powers is the most alternate it could get. The strong focus is both its strength and its weakness. It is its strength because it doesn't have to take post-war developments into account that could make for an unbalanced end-game. Its weakness is reflected in the limited diplomatic options, which makes the game more linear.Summary/conclusions: the game(play) is not complicated, some may even find it simplistic. I expect the depth of the game to be in the skills of the AI. Graphics are not bad but could be better. Focus on World War 1 is really nice, but it lacks the possibilities that are present in a game like Hearts of Iron III.7/10 Zeppelins"
,Recommended,312350,13509338,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sneaky Grandpa,"To dispel any rumors, according the developers the AI does not cheat. It simply knows how to play the game. This game is definitely hard, that is true, but if you watch the AI closely you will see the method to its madness.The game has some stability issues, but it has not stopped me from having a ton of fun trying to defeat the challenging AI. If you don't like challenges in your game, I guess you should stay away, but otherwise pick this game up."
76561198072697787,Recommended,312350,32454586,Posted: 15 June,all,LuckyLuke14,"I've played this game for about a year now, I got a good bit of fun out of it, skirmishing in the desert sands of the Middle East, Running the Western front meatgrinder, Driving across the Russian plains, Sinking hundreds of tonnage in ships. It was all quite nice.But after going through it a few times, the game started to feel empty, after you learn what the game will demand of you and when you realize how the AI can lose. I was about to put it down when on a whim, I look at the old forum for this game.Thats when I found what needs to be recognized as the unnoficial free expansion to this game, The Potzblitz Mod.Potzblitz reconized the emptyness of the game and in response, gave this old game long a breath of new life.Redone game mechanics, retweaking the stats of Units mades the static nature of war more apparent, moral and manpower make the war into the one of attrition it was.New Collapse point statistic accounts for crippling events the war with afflict you with, Leader Dead? Offensive Failed? Crop Failure? all of these and more will make your will to fight decrease due to collapse points.Rebalenced tech trees make the race for new weapons specialized and event specific, you may hit the jackpot from the minds of Ernest Swindon, Anthony Fokker and Fritz Haber.New cities, forts and battle locations on the map. Ypre, Rheims, Metz, Anzac Beach, Lublin, what was once vast nothingness now is a minefield of strategic defense points and soon to be points of attack.New events added flavour and replayability to the repetition, Potzblitz gives us the what-if and for want of a nail moments that hindsight deprive us of. British invasion of the Netherlands? Finnish Civil War? Irish Uprising? Middle East Antics, Spanish Flu, Influencing U.S. Elections?!Extra Commanders and special ways to unlock them. For part of the games title, you only had half a dozen of these historic figures throughout the entire game. Potzblitz gives us more of these unique leaders to help break the monotony, both with historical info and their troop bonuses. You can also now lose your commanders due to politics, retirement or death on the field of battle.The Potzblitz transformed this game in a way I don't see often, and it accounts for well over half of my playtime in Commander. A game thats been abandoned for two years, but due to its modability, has continuous been improved.I had no part in this mods development, nor have I been asked to endorse it, its only due to my appreciation of it improving the game and its relative obscurity (I found this on a whim on a forum for a 5 year old game.) If you want more from this game, The Potzblitz Mod is the way to go."
76561198027457162,Recommended,312350,22508696,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,deathomen117,"I ran across the game after searching for some WW1 strategy games.  I had just finished listening to Dan Carlin's 18+ Hour long series on the first World War so my opinion is obviously not without its' biases. I'm usually not too big a fan of turn based strategy, but this one(and CIV5) are pretty fun. It's different from CIV5 in the sense that it isn't building based. You get a certain amount of income per country per turn depending on how much of your population you haven't drafted into your armies.This game isn't like RTS games or CIV5 where you send your units straight into combat, trying to kill enemy units one on one. 90% of success in this game comes from positioning your units and stocking up artillery ammo for taking out one or two enemy units on there flanks and then trying to turn that flank in on itself.If you like the WW1 theme and like grand scale turn based strategy I'd recommend this game, it is very satisfying after playing 6 hours on veteran as the central powers haha, beating back Russia into submission, swinging down and stomping out the Serbian rebels and all while holding back England France and Italy in the west.You'll like this game if you're into almost chess like games, where time is really a factor, you play your units as best as you see fit and wait for the enemy to react, and vice versa. A fun back and forth, plus after u defeat the Allies I always try to land the Kaiser's Troops in America hahaha! (after taking Portugal and Spain for there ports ofcourse ;) )"
76561197975301986,Recommended,312350,19394195,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nova [GER],"PBEM (play by email) works great!I very rarly play these types of games in multiplayer because of connectuion issues or lack of time to play synchronous.The PBEM works great, every turn based strategy game should use it.The AI can be challenging for people not used to that type of games. But as an Hearts of Iron, Unity of Command and similar games veteran AI will must likely not be an thread. You have to play multiplayer to get the real fun out of this game. Looking rather simplistic compared to Hearts of Iron its one of my most played games and i still have ideas to optimize my play and ideas what new strategy to try next, amazing!I bought this game because Hoi 4 was delayed, but now im interested in other PBEM enabled Slitherine Games instead.Despite this game was released some time ago there is never a problem in finding opponents.A game can last several weeks or even months to complete, so most players run several games in parallel."
76561198039856731,Recommended,312350,15626572,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,Without a doubt the best World War 1 game I have ever played. Beautiful. 9/10 would recommend. Time really does fly when playing this game.Only wish you could play as individual nations and even neutral ones. Plus being able to make the choice of whether to invade Belgium as Germany would be nice.
,Recommended,312350,29835213,Posted: 10 February,all,I QUIT,"Nice game.Not very complicated, not very detailed but feels great. Best part is you are controlling all Central Powers or Entente Alliance. Thus you have to make strategy in long term for crushing the enemy.Stress level is okay i guess. It gives me stress but I can control the war too. Everytime before clicking next turn, I think enemy will make great moves. Because of this, while AI is attacking to my army waiting his turn gives me stress :D (I dont even watch sometimes. I walk around my house instead of watching his deadly moves haha)  When my turn starts I do my best move and advantage moves slightly to me and repeat. :D But at the end I always win lol (:I recommend this game to all wargamers. It doesnt have much replay value though I mean after playing with both sides. But It is a game that you can open and play again after months.Btw this game doesnt deserve full price imo. Wait for discount."
76561198071050372,Recommended,312350,13136887,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Panache,"This game at first glance appears to be a simple, thoughless turn based wannabe game...though that couldent be further from the truth. This game is a challenging, well thought out and interesting addition to the turn based strategy genre. The game offers 4 different campaign starts, 1914, '15, '16', 17 and 1918. Each start can be played as either the Central Powers or Triple Entente. You take control of multiple countries, which may sounds troublesome and un-needed, though it actually allows for greater strategic and tactical depth. As nations join your faction, you the have access to that nations troops, research and production controls. The game features seperate panels for each nation within your chosen faction to choose production, research or check logistical matters. The AI is much improved in the newest 'beta' update, improving upon the gameplay. The gameplay itself requires more thinking than actions, you will ask yourself many questions such as ""should i move up that extra hex?"", ""Should i divert troops to flank around and leave my front open?"" These questions force you to really think about the actions you take. And trust me when i say it, you'll know for sure when you made a mistake. Though that is also the beauty of making mistakes in this game, you can right it, unlike some strategy games similar to this, once an enemy unit breaks through it is not game over, you can hold them off, adress the line, and push back. For anyone looking for a great Turn based strategy game set in WW1 with oppurtunity for replayabilty, making choices that mean something, for experienced strategists and amatuer tacticians alike, this is a must-buy."
76561198007434786,Recommended,312350,22212244,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Madeupaprofile,"To whom it may concern (presumably wargamers)This is a hex based grand strategy game set in what is generally referred to as the First World War (some believe the Seven Years War fits the description far better, and I think on the whole I would concur). This game is initially difficult to get into as at first glance it appears as if someone just made a WW I themed Panzer Corps mod which was unnecessarily diffici;t and excessively expensive. However, this can be an extremely addictive game once you have given enough time for the mechanics to become sufficiently intuitive. It does reproduce the deadlock of the western front quite well, while also allowing for large scale encirclements and manuevering in the east. It also attempts to simulate other broader concerns such as production and technological research (the homefront). The British naval blockade is also featured although I think it does understate the damaging effects of the Turnip Winter in Germany. The only other flaw would be the representation of the early clashes in 1914 as it was hard to really obtain any result which appeared to resemble the Battle of the Frontiers or Tannenburg. However, after the first clashes it does get quite interesting and difficult to tear oneself away.I recommend this game wholeheartedly to anyone who would like something historical and on a grand scale and I hope that you have found this review both useful and strangely written.SincerelySomeone"
,Recommended,312350,12563345,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Elysian,"While not the best made game it is pretty well done. It is also challenging as well, the AI hammers your armies every chance it gets. For me it not only turned into trench warfare on the Western Front but on the Eastern Front as well. Here is how my first game went.When Russia joined the fray things were pretty tricky in the east. I lost Warsaw immediately before I could get enough troops to the border and spent the next two years trying to retake it even though it had bordered three of my units with several replacement units handy, including artillery and bombers. When I finally retook it I had to deal with the city behind it (which took up a majority of my time there.For Serbia I had to keep just about everything on Serbia's borders just to hold out the Austro-Hungarians and the Germans. Things were like that for so long I actually got worried by the second year what I would do when Bulgaria joined the war, with everything to the north and west fighting the Germans and Austro-Hungarians after all.The Western Front went pretty similar at first to how the real WWI went. I lost most of Belgium immediately, the French troops I had handy to respond were pushed back quickly and I lost Brussels, Liege, and most of Belgium rather quickly. The only place still in Allied hands by the time the front stabilized was Antwerp that was completely surrounded. The French and British Armies were pushed so far back that by the time the north stabilized they had reached Dunkirk. In the South things were hardly better. After being pushed all the way back to Verdun, and sometimes beyond that where they got close to Paris, things stabilized and turned into WWI trench warfare. Most of my troops were concentrated there in fact and the fighting grounded slowly on.When the Ottomans joined the war I was at least ready. I had deployed British troops to Egypt and, after losing some inital ground, pushed my forces into the Ottoman Empire. I had managed to take Jerusalem rather quickly and the crushed most of the Ottoman military. I would have actually laughed at the low amount of troops to the south if it wasn't for something that had completely slipped my mind: Russia had a border with the Ottoman Empire. Since I had forgotten that I sent all my troops to the Russian-German/Austro-Hungarian front. I managed to react quickly to contain the damage yet I had lost quite a bit of ground. The only reason why things weren't worse was because of the Garrisons and that I had a couple infantry divisions close to being finished.Overall I did manage to win the war by Christmas 1915 but I have a feeling that was because I tried it on the lowest difficulty, and the fact that by halfway through 1915 I had sunk the entire German Navy probably helped (morale and all that). In my opinion it is a must buy if you want something to kill time but also have you think."
76561198010303357,Recommended,312350,22509031,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,jburg1192,"I really like this game! It is like a puzzel... Lots of options and pieces to figure out and put together. Nothing complicated, just lots of desicions and configurations and strategies to work with.The AI is pretty good. However, in multiplayer this game shines!!! It just makes for some fun strategic times with your Bros ...So if you like Good strategy games this is one that I would recommend. Also, there seems to be a good number of folks playing in on-line multi player... Very easy to get in and play...."
76561198040525444,Recommended,312350,24727306,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Thor,"This is a great game I recommend it.  The best way to play is through multiplayer.  When playing single player as central powers, Bulgaria sometimes will not join when it historically should.  The ai on single player is not that great, as I was able to make the entire entente surrender by early 1916.  I really enjoy the way the game is able to reproduce the infantry deadlock that was the Great War."
,Recommended,312350,20453856,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Half life Expert,"Before I start i will say that i intially say that i bought this game back in August 2015, and decided at the time that it was not for me and returned for a refund. I decided to give it another try, partially due to a prepaid gift card i got for Xmas and partly due to having just taken a very interesting class on World War I last semester at college.There is so much to cover and i will likely miss quit a bit, so i highly recommend watching 'Lets Play' videos of this to get the idea. Also if you have specific questions, as i will miss alot, feel free to leave them in the comments of this review and i will answer as best i can, if i can.I would definetly have to recommend this game. There are not alot of WWI games out there that are not flight simulators, and this one is simple enough to appeal to the masses and, i think, complex enough to not be considered ""dumbed down""The game is all played on one large map, which includes all of Europe to the Urals except for the northern parts of Scandinavia. The map also includes well as North Africa, The entire extent of the Ottoman Empire in the Middle East at the time, as well as Western Persia, and the Eastern seaboard of the US and Canada. The war was fought in other places, like East Africa, but the bulk of the fighting did occur within the area of this map, so it is acceptable.Basically, you dont play as an individual nation, but as one of two sides:the Triple Entente (Russia, France, Great Britian) and its Allies (Serbia, Italy, Portugal and others)Or the Central Powers (Germany, Austria Hungary, The Ottoman Empire and others that may join)All the nations not in the war at the time you are playing are grouped together as neutral nations. But nations can join the conflict on thier own or by you declaring war on them.The game gives you five options of campaign:1914: Basically the war starts the way it did, and you have until 1919 to achieve victory for your side, 118 turns max.With this, you dont start with everything, you only start with the fighting between Serbia and Austria Hungary, then over a few turns, Germany attacking Belgium is added, then the Russian Attacks in the East.NOTE: As of this writing i have only played one campaign, as the Entente from 1914, and won in 1917 in two long play sessionsThe other scenarios start at the begining of thier respective years: 1915, 1916, 1917, 1918. but all must be concluded by 1919In terms of difficutly, there are three options with regard to the AI that will oppose you: Balanced, Handicapped (you have advantage), and Privliged (AI Has advantage)There is not alot of unit variety, but that is fine as you are on strategic level stuff, so you wouldnt see elite units and such.My one complaint regarding units is actually with the one Unit you cannot recuit: Small Garrison. These start in your cities, at least with the 1914 campaign. In my opinion, they are too strong and should be alot easier for regular units to defeat, especially if they are isolated.Also there should be ways to more easily destinguish between normal cities and fortress cities, as there were a few times where i took a city and an event popuped saying that city had been taken and that it was a great fotrress city.Diplomacy is weak, the only action you can take against Neutral nations is declaring war. There should be some way of trying to convice neutral nations to join your side, especially since there is a bar showning the nation's view toward your side (sympathetic, neutral, resentful).Beyond this i recommend reading the manual and watching Let's Play videos to get more of an idea, as i know i am going to miss stuff.Bottom Line, i defienetly recommend Commander:The Great War, just be prepared to get sucked into long playsessions like i did, if you want a quick game, do the 1918 campaign."
76561197960988894,Recommended,312350,19384193,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,nehi,"If i should describe it by one word, this game is ""nice"". Simple but perfectly working mechanics, smooth user interface, quite accurate simulation of trench warfare. But it has one great flaw, AI is just dumb. So single player wont last long, but its good as tutorial before multiplayer, where really matters how player is using its simple mechanics to maximize effect of his units. 9/10 for multiplayer, -1 for invariability of scenarios, three of five are almost the same, just initial and 1918 significally differs. 7/10 for singleplayer, all -3 because poor AI,"
76561198007897504,Recommended,312350,11429627,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[2.FJg]allepac3-OJg,This is a Great Game I strongly Recommend this Game!!
76561198007761167,Recommended,312350,17467788,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,geozero,"Great graphics.  Great user interface.  Grand strategy.  It's like the old Guns of August war boardgame but without all the maps and small pieces that will get chewed up by your dog or lost forever under the couch.Seriously, these folks did a fantastic job of making this game easy to learn, and fun.  Glad to see continued support from the developers to take care of bugs and such.  If there is ever a second installment of this series I would ask for a map 3-4 times larger, more diplomacy, and a few other tweaks... but overall VERY FUN GAME!!!"
76561198241963436,Recommended,312350,17894614,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sergeant Oddball,"*** DISCLAIMER: the hours played as logged by Steam do not reflect the actual play time as I've played mostly not logged-in to Steam ***World War I strategy games are few and far between as the conflict is mostly remembered for bloody stalemate in the West and the relative fluidity on the Eastern Front is largely unknown to the Western mainstream public. But World War I introduced the weapons and tactics that dominated the titanic struggle that was World War II.Commander: The Great War is a ""grand strategy"" game that pits you as a leader of the Central Powers (Austro-Hungary, The German Reich, Turkey, Bulgaria) or the Entente Powers (Serbia, Belgium, France, Russia, United Kingdom, Italy, Romania) in the European, North African and Middle-Easternt theatre of operations. As such your main task is to defeat the opponents on the battlefield but you must also pay attention to your industrial otput, available manpower and research facilities. Gameplay is pretty straightforward and easy to master and even strategy novices should have no problem in being good at the game.CTGW has a major problem in the field of AI as it tends to fall apart pretty quickly and pulls major offensives in secondary theatres while leaving their main frontlines critically exposed. I've managed to be victorious as Central Powers in 1916 by taking Paris in the West, Venice on the Italian Front and conquer Baltic provinces, Byelorussia and Kiev and Odessa in the East as AI concentrated its forces on the Apenine peninsula and Caucasus. Playing for Entente I was able to completely annihilate Central Powers in 1917 as Germany and Austro-Hungary kept sending reinforcements to the East leaving Western Front to collapse under the pressure of my armies. AI is also bad at utilising Entente preponderance in terms of warships as it gathers them in small flottillas instead of grand fleets making it easy for Central powers to defeat them in small engagements.So playing CTGW against an AI is really not a challenge but thankfully there is PBEM options for those who would like to test their mettle against a human opponent. My frend and I have been playing for 4 days and in 1916 the war is still undecided and there have been epic offensives and counter-offensives on all fronts, fortresses and cities besieged and sieges lifted etc. This has been one of the best multiplayer strategy experiences in my gaming career.So Commander: The Great War is somewhat a mixed bag. The basic premise is sound but it is let down by lackluster AI. Also, while there is a Diplomacy tab in game, it only contains overview of which country belongs to which alliance and players cannot spend any points in persuading countries to join their alliance. Also replayability factor is somewhat limited as AI always pulls the same historic maneouvres (Germans implement the Schlieffen plan in 1914, Russians launch offensives against East Prussia and Galicia, Allies land at Gallipoli in 1915 etc.) but multiplayer option lifts the game from the plains of mediocrity to the heights of a very good grand strategy. It still is no Hearts of Iron or Europa Universalis but it can stand proud on its own."
76561198041925011,Recommended,312350,13824430,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kalos,Great game
76561197972906174,Recommended,312350,11772760,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,C DEATON,"I've been playing computer strategy wargames since 1984 and this is easily in the top 10-15% of all of them and it is probably the best WW1 strategy game of the 4 or 5 that I've seen over those years.  Nice options for research, a tough-enough AI player and easy enough to pick up on that you will be playing very quickly.  You should still read the manual before you get serious about investing in a full campaign.  It's brief enough to not be a complete bore and there are some important tips in there.It can be won on both sides.  I was able to win as the Entente by Aug 1916 and as the Central Powers in Dec 1918 (Balanced setting on both).There are a few small problems to be aware of that other reviewers have pointed out:1) Save regularly because there is no taking back a move.  If you accidentally open a hole in your line and can't plug it, it can be  game changer.2) There is a small memory leak that will build up until about every 20-25 turns the game will rather suddenly screach to nealy a complete halt.  Save the first turn you see that slowdown because the next turn could take hours!  Best bet is to save and restart the save file about every 15 turns.3) Don't expect France to surrender quickly after Paris falls.. or after Bordeaux also falls,,, or after all of mainland France has fallen.  This part seemed a bit much although by the time it happened  it was merely an annoyance."
76561198204986528,Recommended,312350,14308166,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,jaredmatthews,"Good game, even beter when play against other players.Bit of a learning curve though, read some AAR's on the forums."
76561198254485205,Recommended,312350,23127904,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,mmsalcedo2001,i like it but when i play as the centeral powers bulgaria takes forever to join but when i play the allies bularia doesn't take long to join the war
76561197983778541,Recommended,312350,14328860,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Rongor,"After reading other reviews, I am strongly convinced most of negative opinions are based on poor understanding of this game's mechanics. Also reviewers mentioning balance problems mostly posted before the recent 1.6 patch which I base my experience on.CTGW is a nice addicting hex-strategy title, which provides a depth approximately compared to the Panzer Corps series (being totally different though). It is not too heavy to chew to keep you occupied a whole evening to do one turn. Still it isn't too light to bore you. The shallow approach (compared to grand strategy titles of a Gary Grigsby level) turns out to open up the chance of plenty of quick fun. The well known one-more-turn-desire might catch hold of you very soon.People complaining about not succeeding in any kind of Blitzkrieg advances should remember this game is all about WW1. This means trench warfare and the chance to see frozen fronts for long durations of time. It is possible to break through after all, but this requires some patience and the application of accurate forces.Overall after the 1.6 patch I perceive the devs did a very good job in balancing forces. AI may have some flaws but like any other strategy title you will find the real challenge in a play against another human only.MP is handled via external servers very similar to PBEM. It is Igougo sending your turn to the slitherine server. The server then informs your opponent by mail. The Opponent then logs into the game which loads down your turn, and so on.Considering the mid segment pricing I can without hesitation recommend to get this, if you generally like strategy titles and also share the interest to lay hands on the remarkably underrepresented WW1-theme."
76561197991155095,Recommended,312350,20942817,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Roughtor,For any grognard a must have title.  One of the best turn based multiplayer experiences out there. Won't be putting this one down anytime soon even.
,Recommended,312350,13487016,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Filbert,"Commander The Great War is an great game for anyone who is a fan of WW1 or light grand strategy games.  You play as either side Centeral Powers or Allies. The game is light enough that you can learn in over the course of 15-30 minutes. Yet, grand enough there are going to be different ways to try to achieve victory."
76561198006605106,Recommended,312350,13739869,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,anthur,"Just finished a central power campaign on balanced. Took me 28 hrs to get Russia to it's knees, annihilate the French, capture halve of italy and to sink the english fleet so at last England surrendered in Nov 1916. Only saw one tank. Probably was too fast. USA never joined the war, neither did Romania which was a wise move.Very nice game which always made me want to play just one more turn. But I am an old empire fan if anyone remembers that game. With a random map generator this could be a really great game and empire successor. Ok, probably never happening but you can always dream. ;)Also the game did a good job recapturing the WW1 war with trench wars etc.AI is good though not great but I have yet to see a game with a great AI which can beat a human player without cheating. And I didn't recognize any AI cheating here. In case you make mistakes the AI will definately punish you.If you are looking for a turn based strategy game, like the WW1 scenario and find games like HoI3 a little too complex I can recommend this game. Try to get it on sale because replayability of course is a little bit limmited with only one map and two factions plus some scenarios."
76561198013363137,Recommended,312350,17793838,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Chop84,"As Entente, I manage to recapure Antwerp, Brussels and Leige. However, the Central Powers manage to reorganise their defence to prevent further breakthrough (even with superior numbers at the time). So I decide to attempt to expose their northern flank by invading the Netherlands."
76561197970555391,Recommended,312350,11518796,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,proflui,Very fun game.  And I won with CP after a few loss.  Overall great game.  But after a few game the gameplay might get a bit repetitive.
76561197991148495,Recommended,312350,32562380,Posted: 19 June,all,bongo_clive,"Not the most challenging game (and I have to roleplay ""some generals just make really bad decisions"" for some of the appallingly bad AI moves), but it's a fun, light weight war game."
76561198008771415,Recommended,312350,11760059,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Restless Kaiser,"Interesting Great War grand strategy game in the old style, which it suits well.  I find the game to be suprisingly well put together, especially for balance.  Yes the Entente undeniably find things easier, but the Central Powers can win.A particularly strong point is each nation within the alliances has it own production & technology and unlike other games this is not overly cumbersome to manage.A potential downside is the degree to which you are railroaded into a historical timetable with Italy automatically attacking Austria every time, something that was far from historically certain, much the same with Turkey.  Of course, without this, the game balance would shift badly.If you liked turn based staregy and fancy something with a Great War theme then this is an excellent game.Because of my love of games which involve less clicking & more thinking added to my Great War enthusiasm I am giving this one a score of:5/5"
,Recommended,312350,30846283,Posted: 30 March,all,Alexander,Great War Great Game
,Recommended,312350,29941924,Posted: 15 February,all,Lux_BBs,"CTGW is definitely a game worth its weight. With a decently deep game system of mixing history with some ""possible"" twists of fate which leads the player into playing an alternate timeline of events.The campaign can be difficult to begin with, especially with minimal understanding, however you will eventually press on from the memory of every turn-based strategy game you've played. It's strategy but it allows for you to plan and even think a bit further with a nice estimation system of damage given and received per unit on the field when battling an enemy unit.I overall enjoy the game and there are numerous reasons to love the CTGW as well, such as it allows for some modest replay value. However, I do say 'modest' due to the fact that I began to fall into a weird loop when replaying each faction (allies/central powers) but it didn't really do much damage to my enjoyment for testing new ""plans"" of action. So there is definitely some good replay time after your first run-through of the campaign.Overall Rating: 8.5/10Current Value: A great buy for price to playtime ratio."
76561198008580409,Recommended,312350,30622789,Posted: 19 March,all,winc,"Good game, completed my first start in Jul-1917 as central power. For experienced players I would recommend to set it to higher difficulty than normal, to make it challenging. Computer AI is not really very good on Normal,"
,Recommended,312350,15472919,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Balthazar Sleazebaggano,"I am somewhat torn on this game. Being a long time grand strategy gamer and somewhat of a fanatic of the genre, I am torn between rating this game coming from that perspective and from the perspective of someone else.For a die-hard strategy gamer this game probably won't satisfy your desire for WW1 combat on the PC. I will however recommend you purchase the Ipad/whatever version if you have one of those devices, as I can see it easily being a favorite to play when you are on the go. I would also recommend it to the die-hard people for online matches when you want to squeeze a match into a busy or exhausting schedule but don't have the time to get invested in something deeper.For the average strategy gamers I easily recommend this game. It does a fairly good job at modelling WW1 warfare, though it is still a little too fluid on the Western front and advances are too easy in the East. There are a number of interesting tactical choices to make, though strategically you won't find yourself doing much different from what happened historically. The graphics are nothing too impressive, but there are some nice bits of flavor like how the unit cards display each nation's unique uniforms and the changes they experience as you progress in tech (picklehaubes to stalhelms for instance). I can also see  newer strategy game players getting a lot out of multiplayer.So to sum it up, if you are a die-hard strategy gamer get this on a mobile platform and look for something else on PC, but if you are new to strategy games or maybe totally unfamiliar with First World War tactics, events, history, you should have a blast."
76561198007390873,Recommended,312350,11524786,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MadMark56,"I paid $20 on sale, and have already played 28hrs. Great, if you like old school hex-based wargames. I won as the Allies, and I'm looking forward to playing as the Cental Powers and maybe try a PBEmail game. 3/5 stars"
,Recommended,312350,25466862,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jiri from Lego Ninjago,Really fun game! It is hard to learn and the AI is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but it really is fun. However sometimes the AI does not know what to do with the Italian Front.
76561198050872043,Not Recommended,312350,30487464,Posted: 13 March,all,EvenBillyBob,"Who in their right mind, would call the AI in this game acceptable and release the game?The German AI simply removes all troops from the Western Front, making it impossible to lose the game or face any sort of challenge. The rest of the game is a average, if uninspired strategic affair, completly let down by one of the worst AI's I have ever seen"
76561198021574135,Recommended,312350,14646586,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bmorgan077,"1. i like the game. have won and lost from both sides.2. it cheats, or knows how to move 4 AH inf by rail on first turn. and all other AI nations also get this ""bonus"" on their first turn. Russia 3-4, France 3-4, I will not (can not ) play as the Ent any more because of this. If this is a setup option, i cant find it.3. not much replayabilty, once you learn the way to win, it plays the same every time, i win with the Cp by Jan 16 every time.4. overall, good game, better then most i spent money on. 200 hrs max. In contrast. Hearts of iron, 3 versions, 4000+++ hrs5. Fairer Ai,(better?) and more setup and timestart optins would help with replayabilty.6. game slows down the longer you play, restart every 10-15 turns helps."
76561198005680524,Recommended,312350,18973815,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,gojyo2000,"A+ game, worth the price."
76561198027258511,Not Recommended,312350,11455165,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kalriza,"Okay, so I have played the game for a bit around 5 hours at the time of this review. It’s a good game, but there is a major balancing flaw with the AI. They have a mass production that you the player can’t compare to I played so I had a handicap and it was ridiculous how many enemies appeared on the map, they had a steady stream of infantry being produced where as I try and keep up with a chain of garrison productions anything else and I’m at a disadvantage. Again don’t get me wrong, it has a few hidden gem traits that you don’t see in many games, but it’s not balanced good for in this game such as the science branch like you have to build labs which costs upkeep and an initial cost as well the first lab from unlocking each one puts a lot more pressure than you need. So for the industry points they are needed for too many things such as troops which cost a lot, the tech tree labs, the trading, trains, and ammo system. And this makes it extremely hard to keep up in troops and tech. Another problem I see is like I said, the AI is ridiculous in the fact that they are able to field far more troops than you can even hope to produce as well as the strength of these troops, 3-4 turns after the Russians joined the war they had almost 20 infantry units and trains on the border, which Is extremely dumb when they are supposed to have a slow mobilization same thing with the Serbians I pressed my Austrian troops along the border and they were fortified so seeing a wall of Serbian troops pushing back my wall and outnumbering my wall of garrisons which is all I was able to afford to try and field enough to compete. The repair system is too underpowered for you to be able to use since it costs so much to repair troops and with the AI’s power it like destroys your lines before you can repair. Than the AI will repair frontline troops and get a like 4-5 hp each unit and I get 1 or 2 hp. So far I mentioned a lot about AI but let’s go before AI when the nations are introduced, each time my enemies gained another I felt a sudden hate go through my body seeing a full line of troops against the sparsely spread out troops if that from the nations that joined my side. I know I was looking for a lot more, seeing games of a similar style to paradox interactive games, but this war let alone game deserves a lot more attention than was given. A few things I wish I had was the ability to setup fortifications with engineers so that my lines might actually hold with garrison troops while enemy infantry rushed me and this could be in the form of prebuilt trench lines to areas that were meant to be no man’s land filled with mines, barbed wire and other things you have researched instead of lines of trench that are there until a group is pushed far enough away that they aren’t filled and then they disappear which should not happen seeing as there are trenches that still show today from world war 1. Maybe setup fortified arty positions that would be able to rain down on enemies, but that would demand a spot stack so multiple units can be on the same tile, maybe even make it up to 5 units or something with different units taking up different amounts of space.  So all in all it’s an okay game. But I refuse to recommend it until they have it a better than it currently is. So where as i enjoy it to a point, i think it can be exponentially better."
76561197965484861,Recommended,312350,16403585,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,*/*,"its solid 6 out 10, 5 campaings for each year, entenente or central powers, doesnt give much replayability for solo game, so  is that what you need to think of. Everyone has same units, what differs is research and leaders. Not Panzer General game, just another clone of Commanders games (that makes me wondering when they will include world map finally- if you like the concept, i dont understand why there could not be either different map scenarios or world campaign available...)."
,Recommended,312350,33389927,Posted: 8 July,all,Ickie•°,"For me this is PC ww1,same beer&prezzles,and i actually prefer this.It will Keep you entertained for some whilst thats for sure.You can make your own mind.If you like ww1 then go for this if its ww2 your after go for Panzercorp.Simple.This got Grogheads biggie,Panzercorp did not."
,Recommended,312350,11455208,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Smelty,"Great Game.. Strategic fun with the arm chair General Feal.. easy to play , hard to master."
76561198071688696,Recommended,312350,14757742,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Buy KitKat,Great game. Something to note however I have played twice. Each time as the central powers. Both times I was one turn from taking Moscow. Each time with a different nation. Once with Ottomans once with Germans and Austrians. Both times the game crashes. I keep trying to reload the game but everytime i get in and end the turn the game crashes. Still good game just don't think about winning with the central powers.
76561197973845109,Recommended,312350,17401665,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SlyderX,Why must every who writes a review have to back to back write the same review? It is like okay you see one person already wrote that review and said what the game was so you don't need every person doing the same thing.
76561198187849346,Recommended,312350,17652238,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,The TermiLANGtor,h
76561198332944589,Recommended,312350,30421879,Posted: 9 March,all,anti-luigi coalition☭,good game
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,312350,31000027,Posted: 7 April,all,rlg007,"I was just writing a post in the forums that sums up my thoughs so I decided to add it here as a review.(Some one in the forums asked why the AI tranfers troops, leaving gaps, and does other wierd things).The AI does some wierd things. You would think in the year 2017, AI would really kick butt. I have only played (and won) a few times as the central powers, and every time my wins are based on the AI doing stupid things. Mainly it is the AI transfering forces to other fronts.In my last win, France send troops to Italy as I was smashing their forces in northern france. A few turns later I notice Italy sending troops to France, even though France still had troops in Italy. In the same game, Russia sent tons of troops to Turkish borders to repell a tiny invasion, which opened the eastern front to my German troops. Britain, dont get me started on Britain. Britain decided to do an all-out defense of Egypt. My Turkish troops (after some initial losses) smashed through the Sinai, destroying 3 British armies and 3 british fighter units.Russia fell first after they desided to totally man and occupy the Turkish border. My German  troops walked to Petrograd and surrounded many single units in the center. France fell next after they tranfered units to Italy. They left every hex north of Paris open. My troops rushed into the gap and France was never able to recover. Pretty soon I had a 2 to 1 advantage in France. Also Britain decided not to send troops to France (only a couple early on).It is as if the AI is only capable of making strategic desisions based on large blocks of troops. I think the AI is only strategically able to plan and move block equal to 25% or so of a country's total forces. So, for example, if the French strategic AI decides Italy needs help it moves one block of troops to Italy (this block seems to equal about 25% of Frances forces). This ""block"" of troops always seems to occupy part of the front line. Its as if these blocks of troops are slices of the front. The AI doesnt form (or it doesnt have) a strategic reserve, so when it needs to move troops it just takes one 25% slice out of the front line. The AI does not seem capable of taking a few units off of the rear of their own line. This is dangerous when the AI does not prioritize fronts or strategic objectives.As for Britain in Egypt, my Trukish troops killed every Brit in the Sinai and formed a front line at the Suez canal. When I moved up my fighter unit, it revealed that the Brits had armies, fighters, and artillery units stacked 4 hexs deep in Egypt of all places. That is when I knew I would win the game. Oddly the AI decided build 3 artillery units and 3 fighter units and stick them in Egypt.  That is another AI problem - the AI builds the wrong units."
76561198055596025,Not Recommended,312350,34675497,Posted: 1 September,all,Samantha the ninetail,I will want give this game thump up it killing me to right this review. It getting thumb down because 10 time trying start the game won't even start so that main reason it getting thumb down.
76561198007108309,Recommended,312350,14382590,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ramadawn,Not Balanced properlyCentral power too weak.
76561198009311220,Recommended,312350,29160037,Posted: 10 January,all,Marv de Marvenlöse,excellent game
76561198021780068,Not Recommended,312350,25339622,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Slurms McKenzie,"I watched several youtube ""Lets plays"" for this game and it looked like fun. I've always enjoyed turn based strategy games and I thought I would enjoy this one as well. Boy was I wrong. Let's start off on a positive note.Pro'sThe games music soundtrack is pretty good and captures the time periodThe graphics, while not great by any means, are pretty good for a game of this caliberYou can play as either the Allied Entente or the Central Powersand that's all of the pro's I could come up with. Now for the negative aspects.Con'sGames balance is horribly HORRIBLY off. By this I mean you have a couple different units, garrison (nearly worthless in every possible aspect), cavalry (completely and utterly worthless in 90% of combat), aicraft and blimps (words can not describe how bad these units are at EVERYTHING) and front line infantry (which are decent but takes much longer to train and costs alot more resources).The AI's units are ALWAYS stronger than yours. Their garrison units often will stop you fonrt line infantry cold in their tracks and will hold you off indifinitely. Once the AI's front line infantry begin attacking you en masse, the game is pretty much over.You would think that the dev's would make it where the Central Entente would have some hope of winning but that's not going to happen ever with this game. When playing as the Central Entente, it's more or less 'I wonder how long I can hold them off until I am defeated'The Allied navy will crush your navy before you have a chance to do anythingRussia produces a never ending stream of units and since AI units will always outperform yours in combat (which was not the case in real life as German soldiers were far superior than Russian and Austrian untis were far superior to Serbian untis) so you'll slowly lose ground int he East to the limitless supply of troops. It's almost as if the AI is so badly coded, that it defaults to producing infantry in every case.The game sometimes crashes despite being a 'released version' (i.e. out of Beta)The AI turns are excruciatingly slow. I'm a programmer by profession and there simply is no reason an AI turn calculated by a computer should take 2 minutes. It shouldn't even take 2 seconds with todays computers. It's almost as if the Dev's put in timers just to slow the game down.All in all, I am very unimpressed with this game. I wanted to like it so much as I have never found a turn based stratgey game I disliked until now. Save yourself the money or if you MUST have a turned based strategy game, find an old copy of Civil War Generals 2 from the late 1990's. It's far superior than Commander ever hopes to be."
,Not Recommended,312350,17347836,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"I don't think it's bad by any means, I don't think it feels WWI-ish enough for me. And as a big fan of the period, that was kinda the selling point for me"
76561198008985068,Not Recommended,312350,11910319,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Wolf,Highly unrecommended the game has many problems even getting it to start. Also when running lag and performance issues makes the game seem like a beta rather than a finished product.
76561198131992643,Not Recommended,312350,18675368,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,PFGB,"This is my first negative analysisThe game is not good, the only game I ever buy it that I felt sorry of buy it, it's boring, terrible graphics and it's expensive.Don't buy this game."
76561198006705470,Recommended,312350,11438357,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,robo1487,could not tell what the game is like as i can not get it to start and it is the same for a lot of other gamers too
76561198021360568,Not Recommended,312350,11873881,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,EmperorEXPrince,"This Game is pretty boring, it's not what you excptected and The Game crahses without warning"
,Not Recommended,312350,11452937,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,xiongxong,this game could have been a great game but the AI system is crap and one turn for AI take like 10min any game that make the player wait for more then 2min top to act is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198002729125,Not Recommended,312350,12027644,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ernieg687,"I read online somewhere that the AI cheats and my god does it ever.  I've played both sides of the first scenerio, same forces etc and the AI wins everytime, honestly."
76561198101425471,Not Recommended,312350,15773195,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,donteleclipse,"Not worth the purchase, steer away."
76561198004781739,Not Recommended,312350,11443465,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,NedSkelly,"slow and very basic outdated game, multiplay is a joke"
76561198127642242,Not Recommended,312350,11457298,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Joe Shmoe,"Crap, Crashes don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,312350,19379316,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,floater fried,this game is such♥♥♥♥♥♥that if you were to look at a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥you would pick it up and take it to steam begging for a refund
76561198006767977,Not Recommended,312350,11440119,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tom The Most Magnifcent,Its next to impssible to win any battle even if your entrenched utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my money back
76561197985788085,Recommended,312350,30758613,Posted: 26 March,all,The Fifth Dentist,In approximately 20 hours (some outside of steam's tracking) I utterly defeated the Entente.  I paid $10 for this game.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ history for $.50 an hour again.
76561198274337796,Recommended,312350,31972989,Posted: 26 May,all,Aussie,Very good game especially if your interested in a very historically accurate game while also allowing you to change things up a bit. Things to take note of--Good soundtrack could keep hearing it forever and never get bored-Amazing sound effects and visuales soooo satisfying-Gives you a very good economic yet simple systemOk after saying that the one thing I dont like with it is the diplomacy its pathetic but cant really change it without ruining the rest of the game very unfortunate but oh well still a great game.
76561198043371777,Recommended,312350,33977154,Posted: 2 August,all,Mobzonk,"Simple, accessible game for an under-represented war. Good for 2 play-throughs per side, then of no real replay value. Good enough for a budget buy."
,Recommended,312350,34318233,Posted: 17 August,all,Sabotador,A game that manages to be simple yet complex. Addictive.
76561198122949172,Recommended,312350,35055242,Posted: 18 September,all,Puffus Veteranus Maximus,"A really good and complex turn based game for experienced gamers.The multiplayer system is a kind of wasted opportunity.I recommend the POTZBLITZ mod if you want to have a shorter but harder game with more triggers, events etc."
76561198012103418,Recommended,312350,35206966,Posted: 25 September,all,jdeis17,This game is hella good
