user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,312430,15293704,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lochmacher,"Updated 20161208-**My issues with the game are largely unaddressed, but it has more polish. The Devs are incredibly active, but it still has a few gameplay issues that I find irksome and keep me from recommending it at this time.EA REVIEW (still)!  NOT A FINAL VERDICT! (Also, I'm just a guy who plays games, not a professional).**-The means of conquering provinces: NO CHANGE! Regardless of the size of the conquering force or HOW I took the province (wiping out all combatants or taking all objectives), you still have to burn turns waiting for the economy to hit bottom, leaving you with a pyhrric trophy of a province.  I would suggest giving a conquerer different bonuses instead of just gold for taking victory point cities (such as a reduced conquest time).--On a related point,  there is still a chance of revolt in that province.  2% doesn't seem too bad, so you leave it alone for 5-10 turns...   Also, didn't I just DESTROY the economy?**NO CHANGE -/+ I both love and hate the campaign.  I know it's a work in progress, but it could use some more balancing yet.  This is due mostly to the number of variables: Empires all have their own version of units, they all have different types and quantities of lands (each yielding different ammounts of gold), and they start next to adversaries or potential allies of varying strength.  Your goals are unique for each to compensate (somewhat) for the difficulty of your initial state.-- However, if you were looking for a game with less static values (e.g. ""I want to play as a 5 star Elven race""), you can't.  At least, not yet.  Who knows?  I would prefer to have the map's ethnic boundaries variable in at least one game mode, allowing the player to choose their race for a domination game, but use another races starting area and resources.  It would convert the land to your type and swap with theirs, so they would then take your area.  This would only be for non-campaign games (obviously).**-No multiplayer.  NO CHANGE.  Not even hotseat.  Hopefully will be implemented in some form.**-A lot of turns are spent gathering resources (gold), without much to do. NO CHANGE!  Overall, not a huge issue, but the pacing is a bit slow even for my tastes (and I love Twilight Imperium-style BGs with 6 players...).  This is not so much of an issue for larger races, but for some starting positions, it can impede the fun factor.**-Can't improve areas other than economically.  FIXED!  (Kinda.  You can now build in provinces up to it's economic level.  A level 2 means two slots that are compatible with that terrain and it's features/attributes.)**-Can only directly command battles with a hero.  NO CHANGE!  This means that composition determines likelihood of victory, but not all races have ranged, cavalry, or versatile units, making this treatment especially harsh and the conclusion more tragic.**-Stacking limits (20 per army, only one army per zone). NO CHANGE! This makes it feel more boardgamey again, and really detracts from the strategy.  Why can't I have two armies move into the same zone to do a coordinated strike?  Why not make the PLANNING of the attack happen during the turn, and the actual combats all happen after you hit ""end turn""?  This would be more like Warhammer's ""Mighty Empires"" rules...  Then have an increased upkeep modifier for ""overage"", such that you now can keep more than 20, but it will cost you (1.5x or something).**-Tactical movement.  FIXED!  (Scaling issues are gone and scrolling is now much smoother.)**-/+ Music glitches occassionally.  FIXED!  (Music is quite nice now and very fitting.  It enhances the mood nicely without being bombastic.)**- The dispersion of materials.   In my entire empire, there is no wood for lumber?  It only exists in a few places? Clay as well?  I have to trade with another empire that is 4 turns away and have to wait to build a town hall because my civilization apparently has always relied on these trades.  I agree that specialty items should be rare, but I don't have the resources for my own NATIVE units?  Odd.  How did we become famous for them to begin with?**+/- Tooltips.  I love that these are included, as there are a lot of attributes and values that need clarification.  What I don't love is that you don't have them at a few KEY times:Deployment:  I forget what my units can do.  If I mouse over them, I can see their card listing their abilities, BUT I don't remember what they mean.  Please give me the ability to left-click on the unit to LOCK their card up on the lower left so I can get the tooltips.Unit Promotion:  You offer a few cool choices per unit (NICE!), but don't show me their original stats, so who can I make an informed decision as to whether they NEED defense or if movement would be better?  How many HP do they have, so I can see if healing is viable?**RECOMMENDATION: Still keep an eye on this one, and if you want to help out in its development, buy it. It has some interesting ideas and I like the IDEA of it being a world where militaries have to muster, diplomats have to travel, and trades must be struck, but all of it feels arbitrary rather than immersive.  You have a few details here and there, but it ultimately feels shallow and tedious.  Otherwise, I'd STILL say go for Dominions 4 for now and check back."
76561198102021408,Not Recommended,312430,29695578,Posted: 4 February,all,torrent of a goose,"crashed on start uphow long has this game been in development? early access at its best is a way of financially supporting projects but too often in practice its just another way to feel ripped off. its become a euphormism for ""unfinished, incomplete, badly made, poorly designed....etc"".please note, that within minutes of copying the above comments as a discussion thread i recieved a message from the steam moderator informing me that the developer had removed it from public view:""You have been permanently banned from all Sovereignty: Crown of Kings discussions.You were banned by a Sovereignty: Crown of Kings developer.""the same developer who got my support (money) a long time ago and who still can t give me a game that works."
76561198008259942,Recommended,312430,15300071,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ProtectronOfLove,"A call back to the days of Age of Wonders, I found Sovereignty to be a compelling turn-based grand strategy game that pulled me in with the motto of ""one more turn"" as easily as it did years ago. Brutal, but not as unforgiving as Dominions, the game has a level of difficulty that can appeal to veterans of the genre but not high enough to detract casual players.The game's nations have unique goals and storylines, with several having multiple objectives while some have harder single objectives. These can vary from reclaiming your kingdom's old glory, to forming a Grand Alliance of free states. Several even have no ambitions beyond seeing other specific nations do better than everyone else.The rosters are different depending on race, with variations depending on nation in that race. Allying someone gives you one of their nation specific units as an Auxiliary. Combat is tough, and forming armies for either auto-resolving or leading the attack yourself are viable strategies. Sadly only armies led by heroes can actually be commanded, and other than random chance there is no way to recruit heroes (who can die). Different unit types (cavalry, infantry, ""archers"" which include mages, and siege) have different effects that when combined with your hero or other units special abilities can be devastating. There is a magic system in the game, it is a little shallow but still very useful. Upgrading it can be risky as you have to invest a percent of your income to it.There is currently no economy tab, just an overlay when you hover over your gold which sadly does not always work. Income is easy enough to calculate, 150 gold per economic level in a given region. Each region can be upgraded, and each nation is able to upgrade a certain terrain type cheaper. There are special resources, gathered at 1 per turn with no way to change output, that can either be put towards buying certain units or selling on a world market.The devs have added modeling tools to the game, and soon it will be workshop connected. I can't wait to see what players will come up with, and I hope this helps keep a thriving community. Also active, the devs released a bug patch after only a day of release. Their attention is on this game, and I hope to see additional improvements in the future.I would recommend this game to anyone who has every felt the tug of ""one more turn"" or anyone who likes heavier board games. It is not for the faint of heart, and certainly not for beginners, but anyone at least familiar with the genre should easily enjoy this game."
76561198038466696,Recommended,312430,15288785,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Downright.,"Well the only thing wrong with this excellent game so far  is that  since I brought it 5hrs ago its caused  ""onemoreturniste' and I haven't been able to stop playing it.Fortuneatly the undead wiped me out  so I could get a bite to eat  and go to the loo. It's a very good game,stable,no bugs, lovely maps,splendid music and help along the way with a steady  flow of information  that is never intrusive.Layout is good ,looks grand,everything seems to operate perfectly and its fun learning how things work in in the game.Being a very, old man and doing what old men do I read the manual and watched the walkthrough over on youtube before I started playing and this  was, most likely,  not needed as though it surely is a complex game, I could easily  blunder along picking it up as I went.It aint cheap but its worth every cent. 10 out of10."
76561197968571832,Not Recommended,312430,29706621,Posted: 4 February,all,Buzzkill,"This is another game I really wanted to like, but just can't.By now you probably understand the game's primary allure: it's a turn-based grand strategy game in a custom-built fantasy setting.  The key difference between Sovreignty and a 4X game like, say, Civilization is that the game world is bespoke rather than procedurally generated.  Its replayability comes from the ability to play each of the prebuilt game-world's many different nations rather than having a randomly generated new world each game.  AFAIK this makes Sovreignty unique.But the devil is in the details.  The game's concept is great; the implementation... not so much.  The interface is klunky, the AI is nonexistent, and many of the game's features seem completely unbalanced.  (Note that by ""unbalanced"" I'm not referring to the asymmetry between the different playable nations -- that's a *good* thing -- I mean that some basic gameplay mechanics are vastly OP while others are essentially useless.)  Not to mention that the game crashes -- a lot.  At least it doesn't take a long time to reload!I'll keep playing because I want to finish at least one campaign, though at this point I'm certain it'll just be a monotonous grind.  I started playing my first game as a tiny ""one-star"" elven nation and in my first war easily whipped a much larger neighbor, then handily defeated a punitive coalition consisting of every single bordering nation, incluing the gameworld's #1 superpower.  I can't imagine the game presenting a more challenging scenario than that.  (I'm not bragging about my martial expertise here -- just pointing out that the AI is childishly easy to beat.)I'd like to say that the game has potential, but that's like saying a farm tractor has the potential to win the Indy 500.  In theory, I guess -- but not without some serious rebuilding."
,Recommended,312430,19580997,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,the_rock0123,"UPDATE 26th FEBRUARY 2016. V2.0 is getting back to being a stable version and the developers are now picking up pace of the fixes, and will hopefully soon be putting in new features for the game.  There are still some basic issues for me, not enjoying the tactical battles so much as they are today compared to 1.9, but progress is going in the right direction and developers are actively taking on board suggestions and feedback.  Suggest if you are interested in buying you keep an eye out on development and feedback in the forum of the latest updates. Getting back to being a recommended game, a little more to develop.UPDATE 15th FEBRUARY 2016.  I apologise to the 15/16 people who found my original positive review helpful.  As a warning, while v1.9 is still available, the game using the new engine build (v2.0) is backwards in many aspects and has multiple issues with bugs, CTD, UI, that hinder enjoyment for established players, so I suspect new players especially would struggle with 2.0 (although you can still play 1.9 and may enjoy this).  As 2.0 is the future for this game, and the state is poor (albeit it's been in beta review since prior to Christmas and development appears quite slow for the tiny development team) I can no longer recommend purchases of this game in the present state.  If the state improves to an enjoyable game, following successful patches, I will be able to revert to my original review.  My original review is left up for reference, regarding how enthusiastic I was for this game in 1.9.  I still support this game and its development, but can't recommend people spend significant money on this game in current state.  My review would change to Not Recommended today.____________________________________________________________________________I really enjoy fantasy wargaming over futuristic (Warhammer v Warhammer 40,000), so this type of game really appeals to me.  It feels like Game of Thrones on a board. I was worried about purchasing because of mixed reviews on how the early access is going.  I wasn't disapointed to buy in December 2015 - it's a very good game, and turning into one of my favorites.  It's not a bad game at all as it is, but I'm looking forward very much to future developments and polishing up.Positives:Excellent fantasy setting, many unique factions to play (Humans, Giants, Orcs, Elves, Dwarves, Undead, etc) all with unique troop types and abilities.  The factions vary in strength and size, making for some unique gameplay.The tactical battles are good. With so many unique troops you have to plan how best to use them against a wide variety of opponents.  Reminds me of games like Fantasy General.  Each troop has morale and health, and you need to keep an eye on both.Reasonable magic system where it takes a little while to build up your spellcasting capacity.22 hours on record and only one crash (but it was a crash at an annoying position just as I was winning a major battle).Hours and hours of campaigns and scenarios (most are VERY lengthy) due to having some kind of World domination requirement.  Even the smaller Scenarios will require you to wipe out 5 or more factions.Each province is unique so has a description, and possibly some good bonuses if you take it on - a new resource, a boost to magic experience or a unique feature available to just the holder of the province.The art work and theming is pretty nice, though I agree with some peoples thoughts it would be nice to have more background to the factions for immersion purposes.Land and sea combat represented, plus some flying monsters available and siege (to take on enemy forts).Some Improvements Required:The economy is quite basic.  There are a number of goods to trade, and goods are required to build unique troops.  But for province income, you simply have to pay to build up economic value of a province, which in return gives you greater future income.There's no buildings in provinces.Diplomacy is quite simplistic and limited.  There's no way currently to move through a faction to get to another faction, you fight provinces around you only. Also if you start as a major faction, and just take over just one other factions capital (wiping them out) everyone will hate you.  You'll never be able to get friends easily again, let alone alliances.Overall : If you're thinking about this and worried about early access, I would recommend buying anyway if you're half interested. It's excellent value for money.  I put in more hours on this than I do major game studio releases that cost more than twice the money.  Highly recommended by a wargaming strategy and tactics fan."
,Not Recommended,312430,30008037,Posted: 18 February,all,Kris Magi,"Do not buy this game. It is bugged and should not be out of Early Access. My specific complaint is that I cannot run the game as I have a persistent black screen on start up which makes the game unplayable, yet, when I bought the game early it worked ok.The technical support to resolve the issue (also reported by many other buyers) (the issue is a conflict between your system Intel graphics and your AMD/Nvidia card) is poor and basically says 'sort your own problem out'. The developers have been tinkering around with the code to resolve some other issue and merely ended up creating another, more serious issue. I have wasted many, many hours trying to get my high powered laptop to recognise the AMD card that is installed to no avail.If I had known of this problem from the start, I would not have bought this game (requesting a refund) but as I am out of time for that, I have basically flushed my money down the toilet. It looks like a great game, it feels like a great game but its a turkey."
76561198121664829,Not Recommended,312430,29683079,Posted: 3 February,all,JoeJoe,"Bugs make it unplayable - the strategic map never displays -- units and regional values float in a sea of black so I can't see what the regions are or which are adjacent to which, etc. When I muddled through enough to at least launch a tactical battle the game crashed with a basic null pointer exception that should never happen in a production release.  The game is unplayable and I flushed $23 down the toilet buying a non-working product. Buyer beware."
76561198020395175,Recommended,312430,31196024,Posted: 17 April,all,bvlarson,"(Written after playing the release version 1.02 for 20 hours or so).For me, a good 4x Fantasy-based game has always been something of a Holy Grail. I was hooked by ""Masters of Magic"" and this sort of game is my favorite. Of all of the countless fantasy games I've tried, this one is among the best. Be forewarned, I'm biased because I've looked for this type of game for so long, but I'll try to give it a thoughtful review.The Good:-Strategically, the game gives you a hard time. The AI takes a dim view of your success, and likes to declare war when you look weak or dangerous. It feels right at that level.-Many game design choices were made correctly. I love the tactical combat system with fungible starting spots (and with the option to skip tactical and instantly resolve a dull fight). The tactical map isn't just a window-dressing either. Both the tactical and strategic maps are detailed, and the units interact in interesting ways. Terrain matters, and even the layout of the province you're fighting over is a factor. All of this a great source of variety and fun.-Lots of Fantasy fiddly-bits are everywhere. The world does feel alive, not just like some kind of random number generator gone mad. Nations have unique provinces--all of them do. This is excellent for immersion and a sense of exploration.-Many key elements on the strategic level resemble games like Europa Universalis. It feels like a good version of that kind of game--less number crunching and more immersive.-There are many settings, which I haven't explored all of, to set up the game you want to have. That's great design right there.-The dev(s) seem to be into fixing things. That's always needed when a new game is launched, and that's happening here.The So-So:-The price isn't rock-bottom, and the game itself is a work in progress. It's very playable, and I've only had it crash once in 20+ hours of play. But still, this is an unpolished gem.-The game doesn't explain itself very well. This was an issue for me, and even after seeking out wiki-type info, I was left with gaps. For example, I believed for my first few days of play that the unit production queue was a QUEUE, building one unit at a time. This is not the case. I eventually figured out the game builds all the units in the queue at the same time.-The tutorial, as the brits say ""is dodgy"" and actually seems to evade comprehension. After a point is made, you are forced to click ""next"" or ""Okay"" literally dozens of times to get it to  gThe Grim:-The interface is clearly unfinished. It works--barely--but there are plenty of problems. Just try to find out how you cancel a trade deal with another nation... or what will happen if you do.-Lots of things are printed with tiny print, or with incomprehensible miniscule Icons. This reminds me of the early hearts of Iron games--but it's worse here.-There are a number of mouse-focus bugs. For example, you can run your mouse over various provinces and the game will give you an informatational card which talks about that particular item-There are highly exploitable imbalances in the game at the tactical level. For example, missile units do more damage to units that are fresh--too much damage. Skirmish units can rip up big lumbering standards in melee.In short, the game has great feel, a good heart, and it's fun to play. There are distractions and errors everywhere,e however, and it's up to you to ignore them."
76561197979777078,Recommended,312430,15316307,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,CoyoteTheClever,"Early Access Review!Sovereignity: Crown of Kings is a very unique game. Although there are plenty of games that it has a superficial similiarity to, such as Dominions 4, Crusader Kings II, Europa Universalis IV, ect, it definitely does its own thing and has something to bring to the plate, especially if you want your turn-based wargaming itch scratched.The game revolves around picking one of 35 nations, each with their own history, diplomatic/geographic/military/magical advantages and disadvantages, and gameplay style. These nations are not balanced, but even the smallest and weakest of nations can fight off larger nations and become victorious. There are also multiple win scenarios you can choose from the very beginning, including a storyline campaign for each of them with unique victory conditions and events (And these storyline campaigns are very cool. This is one of the killer features of this game, in my opinion)Production values are a little bit higher than standard Slitherine fare, but not by much. Right now many units share splash art, but what art there is in the game is great. The map is also beautiful, but missing some of the nice features that Paradox games have (Though these features are on the minimap). The user interface is a little weak too.More importantly than that stuff though, the game is actually fun. Battles are interesting, and when you get into a fight, provinces are represented correctly on the tactical map, which is a really awesome touch and adds a bit of strategy as to which province you might want to attack from. The grand strategy component is also fun, but aspects like trade and building up provinces could use some fleshing out.As far as bugs go, there are some annoying ones, but nothing too game breaking.The devs have stated that they want to add new features, and hopefully those new features will strengthen up the weaknesses of the game, but I think I can't stress enough that the game is fun to play right now, and should only get better and better. There is a lot of content to delve into already, and even though the price may seem a little steep compared to some of the flashier games, I think it was worth it."
,Recommended,312430,22686705,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cablenexus,"My followers and friends possibly noticed that I reviewed this game once and it was not that positive.Since much happened in the development process last few months I have no choice to revise my review and I think now is the time to do so.Sovereignty is a strategy game like no other and the development process isn't either.There is a small dev team consisting of three people (I know of) Brecca, Jekky and Lordzima and there where moments in the EA process that I was so angry for them that I wanted to travel from Amsterdam to UK (figuratively) to shake up the dev team because of indifferent forum responses while they were playing Clicker heroes and Skyrim around thousand hours a day.I even tried to refund the game twice (without success because I was already twenty hours in the game ;-) and in the end I'm very VERY happy that my refund request was rejected.For one magic reason the most untactical dev team (marketing and customer support wise) was able to make one highly enjoyable strategy game and I still wonder if they are aware of that themselves and what supernatural powers they own to achieve this?Sovereignty is the only game at the moment I know of which combines turn based tactical battles like in Field of Glory, Fantasy General etc etc with a campaign map like in Crusader Kings or Europa Universalis (in a less complex and less detailed way). There are many good tactical turn based strategy games and some really nice grand campaign games but their is a serious lack of combining them both and I think Sovereignty start to deliver and achieve this any time soon.Development of the game is ongoing for about two years in EA (I guess) and just before release last year the team decided to rebuild the engine and start from scratch. Reason they mentioned in the forum was that the game was starting too complex for his own good technically/engine wise and the ambition to make the game multiplatform.Result was that in the middle of the EA progress the game went from 80% completion to 10% completion with the new engine and it tooks a long LONG way to manage to get the game back on track and achieve the same quality of the almost finshed game.But in the end after six major updates (around 100 serious bugfixes, tweaks, wishes from the community per patch) to the new engine this year the result is here and I can finally recommend the game because it is a pleasure to play now.The replay value is gigantic. You can choose over 20 different realms (possibly more) and they are all very different and have there own unique role in the big campaign world. Every realm has it's own story campaign you can try to achieve victory with and you can choose around another five victory conditions for every realm you choose to start.It's not just some stats which makes some units unique compared to each other but it's a totally different playstyle not seen in any other game. Dwarves who owns iron resources on the map and are good defenders and like a drink sometimes, elves who live in magic woods and all kind of fantasy monsters and humans with their own unique units, own resources, own buildings, own unique economy and spell list.You can send spies to other realms, trade with other realms and have a good set of diplomatic options which not only affect AI behaviour towards you but influence the whole campaign map.The best thing for me in this game if that war happened you can finally play out the battle yourself on a high quality tactical battlefield and those battles can last an hour easy. (I like to play on a slow speed setting and calculate every move etc etc). After battle you are able to upgrade units with medals, or choose traits for your hero.In the battle itself you have an arsenal of tactical traist like ""hit and run"", capture units and break the morale of enemy units.The game is far from finished but at the moment of writing the closed beta 2.0 is almost finished to release public and with all the tweaks, new updates, new mechanism (prisoners, buildings and economy system) this is the right moment to start your EA adventure in this game.If the devs keep their ambition to deliver like they did the last few months I can imagine that this game can become a big hit for strategy and turnbased tactical fans if they get some attention from the better game journalism magazines, like Explorminate[dot]net for example, they absolutely deserve.It's just a massive title grows for some reason to big for the devs to handle last year but they are back on track and get my well deserved recommend thumbs up today.Final verdict 7,5 out of 10 score at the moment but can easily get an 8+ when developing continues the way it does now. Gameplay is a 9 score for sure. But some elements are rushed and made without enough eye for detail. Some incosequent artwork in buttons, cut off lines in tiles on the battle map, no explaination for all battle traits and some game crashes for some people even after two years of development makes this final score.So only buy at the moment if you like to help to shape the game whithout getting daily updates from the devteam (updates now are on a monthly base) and without expecting they respond to all the suggestions you make.Instant buy when it's on sale. As a Slitherine title it isn't on sale very often.Or wait till the game shaping up when beta 2.0 is released to public and more people can give input and help the small team to fix bugs. Hope the review was helpful for you."
76561198161055329,Recommended,312430,29635469,Posted: 1 February,all,Dis-Sasha,"17 hours in and beaten the game with Aevinwode (small elven realm surrounded by hostile orcs, humans and dwarves )Cons:Major con with special place : UI is bad.. windows non responsive quite often. CTD quite a bit..fix ui ASAP!1) Tutorial is broken, gets stuck...seems to be general problem since last update?  Reading game manual helps since game is not complicated.2) Game is generaly hard early ( 1* elven nation start ) and requires some tactical play, but quite fast becomes too easy and you can roll over strongest nations very fast. Starting with stronger nation its probably extremely easy from start.3) There is very limited managment of your territory. Build 2-3 things that give you some extra gold per land and thats it..4) After winning with smallest nation i feel i have seen most of game and lost desire to replay..5) Diplomacy needs more work .. it feels like it tries to do much but in end gets used to trade territory with allies and resources only.. Plus once you destroy one human ( or whatever ) country pretty much all humans will hate you so you cant use it for muchPros:1) it reminded me of playing Birthright: gorgon alliance ( without exploring as party :(!!! )2) Great ideea for multiple nations and races with different units, objectives, spells3) Fun battles early4) army xp and skill development ( love this, it really gives personal touch to armies )TLDR: Fun game but still needs alot of work. At start fixes to UI and maby more different options for teritory buildings because this is very limiting. Would recomend game at discount or when few more patches land."
76561198322019213,Not Recommended,312430,29672222,Posted: 3 February,all,Polarente,"An unfulfilled promise - a wasted early access!The game had promise when it entered early access but by now it is fairly clear that it will go nowhere. Instead it left early access in a very raw state:+ good general concept+/- many bugs are fixed, yet many more remain- nasty graphic bug that the developpers introduced recently (and have yet to fix it, which hasn't stopped them from releasing the game anyways)!- game lacks meat: unit rosters are very thin, diplomacy is weakBased on the merrit of the game, I would have given it a mixed rating. Sadly, these developpers do not deserve that.  They had a very solid basis entering early access, yet failed to build on it. During an extended early access there was very little added to the game. As a result this game feels unfinished. I have no clue what the developpers did all this time but working on this title clear was not the priority.Also, releasing with a nasty graphic bug is just bad style!"
76561198004979129,Recommended,312430,15289024,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,{KOSD} Panfuricus,"Review based on EA1: A great success, barring a few minor localization errors this game is already awesome in the very first version of the early access. An absolute triumph. If you're fond of a distinct mix of characterful nations with unique goals then this is the game for you. Although a few minor quibbles exist such as I feel that there should be more distinct art among the various human nations.It's a pretty special game and it gives you that 'just one more turn feel' of old civ combined with a unique realm driven setting.Can't wait to see what's added."
76561198022803738,Not Recommended,312430,29663243,Posted: 2 February,all,Tytalus,"Sadly, the game is broken.  Game breaking crash to desktops aren't fun.  It is even ending Youtuber's series.https://youtu.be/NQQGLqZzi0c?t=12m11sBarely forgivable for EA(early access).  Unacceptable for full release."
76561198006583991,Not Recommended,312430,29791177,Posted: 8 February,all,Lord Chaos,"I asked for a refund on this game. It's pretty much the only refund I ever asked for on Steam. Why?Well, I had to play through the Tutorial 3 times. It is not possible to save in the Tutorial and it crashed to desktop twice. This is a low-tech, 2D game. Essentially a board game. It is not technically challenging. After what? 2 years in Early Access then this is the technical experience.I was considering whether to persevere when I noticed I had played for nearly 2 hours (the Steam discretionary refund threshold). I also noticed a number of other people had complained of crashed. I had a choice of persevering or returning and I just thought, why should I put up with this?It's a shame, the idea is nice although the interface is clunky. I just do not want to sink time into a game and risk losing all of my fantasy kingdom to corruption or crashes.At this time, I cannot in good conscience recommend Sovereignty."
76561197966841857,Not Recommended,312430,30546675,Posted: 16 March,all,Higgins the Big'uns,"Slitherine does it again... charges far too much for a game that has little polish, a frankly ugly UI, and a very inconsistent art style. 25$ is much too much for these problems alone, and especially considering in its current iteration, it can't even be played effectively on an intel based Laptop without tinkering. Basically, this game should not have been released yet.That aside, the game has some decent ideas that are interesting (the combat system), but it's neither in-depth enough or simple enough in my opinion. Birthright: The Gorgon's Alliance which was released in 1997, still runs on every computer I have like a charm and is far better in every respect (diplomacy, combat system, unique factions, magic, paths to victory, interesting if fewer unit types, magic equipment, heroes, etc). The depth and breadth of that game is something the creators of this one should have borrowed much from.Do yourself a favor and either wait till all the bugs have been worked out... or go and buy a copy of Birthright the Gorgon's Alliance. It will not disappoint, as unfortunately this did."
76561197994394765,Recommended,312430,15293332,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ahmadin,"I saw the world map and the premise and was an instabuy for me. Europa Universalis meets High Fantasy.In my 4 hours playing it, I tried 2 nations. My first nation was Cloudfells, the unique Giant kingdom. It got a bit boring on the long run, but mostly because I was ""discovering"" the game. For my second play I chose Dragonhold, a militarist and protective human kingdom that lives atop some mountains. And it was quite engaging! Being surrounded by potential enemies made me advance quickly to get ""key"" regions and it all fell quite entertaining in the few hours I played.Pros:+ Lots of kingdoms.+ A varied and unique unit rooster per kingdom.+ Some different gameplay mechanics depending on the kingdom you choose.Cons:- Diplomacy has few options to interact with other Kingdoms, making it feel shallow.- Every land gives you the same coin (150) per economy lvl, the only thing that changes is the price to upgrade, making economy predictable and bland.- No multiplayer.All and All, It's a fun game, still in early access but with enough content to keep you engaged for a while."
76561197997323500,Recommended,312430,15878910,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Inigo Montoya,"I am not a review writing type of guy, but I'm making this exception for Sovereignty.  I really enjoy this game.  First, the art and atmosphere is excellent.  I'm a strategy hound and I've had hundreds of hours of gaming fulfillment with games that have horrible graphics like the Dominions series or Stars!  I don't require graphics, but Sovereignty turns my head.  I feel like it is a beautifully detailed board game.  The music is agreeable.What makes this game stand out is the combat system.  A tremendous amount of thought and creativity has gone into the tactical combat system and I respect and applaud the designers.  This isn't the worn out rock, paper, scissors of archers beat spears beats cavalry beats archers.  Instead, infantry is usually weak with lower attack and defense values, but contains the potential to become a tank in numbers and with positioning.  Infantry has an attribute called Shield Wall which gives it (and it's neighboring Infantry) a defensive bonus against archers and cavalry.  If you have two fellow infantry touching you, you get the maximum bonus.  This is pure genius!  It is similar to fighting with one ally having your back or being in a line of infantry, one on each side of you.  Once a Shield Wall gets set up, it can be a tough nut to crack!  This makes it interesting that one or two infantry can just be bypassed, but a line of them literally wall off an area.  Archers have the standard offensive, defensive, and counter-fire functions, but place a row of say 3 archers behind a line of maybe 4 infantry and you have an incredibly effective army.  Siege weapons like catapults can shock the infantry in a wall, archers can soften them up, then you can charge with your cavalry to try to puncture through or flank around.  It's a lovely system and it's the core of why I like this game.Another solid implementation in this game is terrain.  The various races have terrain they prefer economically, but also give them advantages in combat.  The foresters prefer the woods and mountaineers the mountains.  Forests decrease the effectiveness of arrows.  When you defend in the woods or mountains, you get a +2 defensive bonus.  Hills give +1 for attack and +1 for defense.  As a cavalry specialized nation, Berany, I dominated with Uhlans in the plains.  Then when I took those horses into the mountains, my speed was gone and my combat effectiveness plummeted.  I really  liked that visceral feeling the terrain gave me in the gaming experience.  I was crushing opponents with my charges and felt the game was getting too easy until I hit the mountains or ran into the Boruvian Empire's Royal Pikes.  The pleasure I got raining arrows down on the opposing infantry as they waded through the river was satisfying.The spell system is still in development and needs work.  You are limited to six spells.  Some people don't like that limitation, but I do.  I like tough but interesting choices.  The problem right now is there are too few spells to choose from.  Basically, there's really no choice of the 8 or 9 spells.  Everyone will pick the same best 6 for their nation.  I'd like to see more spells and more variety, but still limit our choices.  The magic research system is brilliant.  You get five points of magic research per turn for every 1% of your economy you devote to research.  This is revolutionary.  In other games, to research a certain spell or breakthrough, there is a fixed cost because gold or income essentially is equivalent to research.  Therefore, typically it is better to scale up your economy first, then do research.  This means large civilizations, space empires, or what have you, will always have more technology than smaller ones.  Not so in Sovereignty!  Even if I have only one province, like Sirucil, I can be #1 in Magic Research if I commit a higher percentage of my economy to research.  Kudos to the designers on this!  Other games in the genre should adopt this method of determining the cost of research.  On the flip side, military powers can capture Landmarks on the global map to speed research, which works well.  As your domain expands, you will have larger military upkeep costs and may need to cut back on your magic research, but Landmarks enable you to somewhat keep up in the arms race.Units come in standard, mercenary, elite, and unique unit types.  Mercenary units typically have short build times, but high upkeep.  Elite units are limited to four total you can have at a time, and uniques are one unit only.  I really like having few unit types because it forces to me try to use different units in different combinations.  Each nation has an incredibly different play style and experience due to this restriction.  As Sonneneve, I had one superb unique healer, my Unicorn, for my entire nation.  That made my army with that healing unit much more effective than any of my other armies.  With Bereska, my only healers were my elite War Priests.  I researched Herbalism to increase the healing power of those four units and they were able to fully heal one unit per combat round.  As Berany, my Uhlans are classified as mercenaries so I utilized a Mercenary Captain hero to get a double turn with them once per battle.  I used the same technique with Marna's Gendarmes as Myrmont.Units are either single individuals or groups.  Groups lose combat effectiveness as they take damage whereas individuals do not.  So as my archers take damage they become ineffective, but my Bone Demon still does as much damage at 50% health as he did at 100%.  On the other hand, it becomes harder to damage groups with arrows as they become fewer in number, but individuals are fully vulnerable to arrows.  Clever system!  You can soften groups up with volleys of arrows, but you still need infantry or cavalry to follow on.Although the tactical battles shine, the strategic portion of the game is rudimentary.  The map overall is promising with interesting variations of terrain, special landmarks, and particular provinces with special abilities like allowing you to dramatically improve your diplomatic communication times.  However, provinces can only be developed through a simple mechanic of leveling a province economically.  Capital provinces can be leveled to a max of 9, ports to 7 and all other provinces to level 5.  To capture a province, you must lower that development level down to zero, one turn at a time.  After you capture the province, you can then build it back up, one turn at a time.  There is no infrastructure currently as far as building additional fortifications or buildings.  Frustratingly, you can't even build roads to speed up the travel times of units through your territory.  You don't unlock more possible units to construct by building something like an archery range to allow construction of archers from that province.  Instead, you can build any unit right from the start of the game in any province you own as long as you have the resources.  You can obtain resources via trade, or buy purchasing them on the market.  Sometimes you won't see the particular resource you need for 20 turns, then it will show up for one turn with 15 for sale, then the next turn it's gone.Diplomacy is basic as well.  Besides trading resources, you can establish non-aggression pacts and alliances.  Interestingly, if you are in an alliance, you can build one additional unit type from your ally.  If you go to war with that ally though, the units disband.The game is in early access.  It is currently very buggy and I've had countless CTD's.  Sometimes I have to restart my computer to get the game to load.  The AI needs serious work.  There are balance issues.  Some unit functions (like cavalry's Roll Up) are not currently functioning.  On the plus side, the developers are quite responsive.  I am still playing this game and I really hope they succeed.  This is a special game and the designers are to be commended for some revolutionary concepts."
76561198042419205,Recommended,312430,15317324,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,dangermouse1978x,"I really enjoy this game, but it does have a few issues that should be addressed.Needs work:The peace treay system seems a bit silly since damn near every peace treaty I make is broken with 2 turns no matter what the political/military situation is. This makes it impossible to actually have a campaign against a major foe when every single nation around you will just constantly attack you.Almost constant warfare gets to be tiresome when the system makes attacks hoping you choose the ""auto"" function giving them an edge, but since I know better I am forced to choose tactical and watch the enemy wander in my direction. The game seems to know it cannot win but still wastes 10 minutes of my time to make sure I know they cant win. Perhaps armies could be harder to raise in order to prevent a world that it nothing but maxed out armies making constant border attacks. I am starting to think the game attacks just becuase it has the armies sitting around...and well...what the hell?The Good so far:I love the combat system with its easy flow and straight forward goals.I like the hero system with the cards that give you a one time bonus during battle. They really can swing a battle your way when all hope seems lost.The trade system which I have just begun to get into seems good and the way it plays into the overall game is great.I really like the troop types I have seen so far! The vast amount to choose from across the spectrum is allot of fun and makes facing each new enemy a different challenge as their special units bring something different to the table.This game is fun and I think its got allot of potential to only get better."
,Recommended,312430,15452704,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Burn,"I would recommend this game to those who enjoy a fantasy grand strategy game. A quite compelling world, interesting game mechanics and fun nation development! It's mainly war oriented, so don't expect to win with economy or diplomacy. I love the Orc race in this game. I think it's the first time I enjoyed playing them in a strategy game.Please check out my short Orc guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=425718268http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=428952670http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=895920785"
76561198046111115,Recommended,312430,28658115,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DACopperhead,"The Council has gathered in Wrenloft to discuss the future of Dragonhold. An old man stands up and slowly looks over the crowd.""Fellow Knights of Dragonhold, the time has come for War and we must decide who shall feel the wrath of the Grandmarshell and his Dragons.""He nods toward a heavily armored man sitting at the head of the table.""Two targets stand before us. The Wild Men of the north, who suffered a terrible defeat by our hands only a few months ago. Or the Iron Barony to the south.""The old man sits down and eyes the gathered councilmen. A man wearing fabric imported from beyond the Burovean Empire stands up.""We must put an end to the Northmen! If Jotland gains control of the final Totem they will be able to decimate our forces with sheer numbers.""Another man wearing the garb of a Wrenknight stands.""The Northmen have done nothing to us. We attacked them because we were too weak to stand up to the Iron Barony again. Jotland is not our enemy, unless we make them so.""""You are not seriously suggesting an invasion of the Barony are you?""The Grandmarshel stands.""Are you forgetting that we won the last war. Those Orcs were thrice thrust from our lands, they never came close to the Highwatch. Now our armies are even stronger and we will be able to put an end to their evil.""The councilmen feel silent as they pondered the marshels words.""We cannot forget our friends in Gelarian, they need our help and if we take the Iron Barony we will be that much closer to being able to provide them real support.""The old man says nodding.The dressed man speaks again.""We have a non-agression pact with them!""""One that i would not trust for one second.""Says the marshel, quietly.The old man stands.""We must make a decision. We leave it up to you.""He points to you as you sit on the throne. The Veiior will be a simple conquest, but could have diplomatic consequences. The Palentate may see these actions as overly agressive and void their alliance. A war with the Orcs could be equally devestating, The Barony is massive and they are able to raise more troops than Dragonhold could ever hope to. The choice is yours my kingCrown of Kings is by far one of the best story generators i have ever played. Using a simple almost boardgame like mechanics the game crafts stories of last stands, desperate deals, and glorious conquest. There is very little i can say that is bad about this game, there are minor bugs but i cannot reccomend this game more. The exchange above does not happen ingame, but such discussions are necessary to decide the best choice of action. The battle system also does a lot of add to this immersion. It is possible to auto-resolve every battle with a fairly in-depth system, similar to a pocket-wargame. If there is a hero in an army it is then possible for a fast-paced turn-based battle that takes place in a hex-version of that area. Because of this it is possible to funnel enemy troops across riviers and slaughter them on the beaches. Keep them in the open while the calvary inflicts heavy damage by charging them. I cannot reccomend this game more. Thank you to the devs for creating this."
76561198036594740,Recommended,312430,25489019,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MarcusCato,"This game, where to even start - first off personally, it's my dream grand strategy game. A risk like map with indepth tactical battles that take place on maps generated to simulate the province they are taking part in.With all the necessary artwork of a fantasy card game - and not to mention a little bit of RPG sprinkled in, you've got really rewarding army building.While the game lacks for lore, what little it does provide is the ""fill in the blank"" kind. For example, it's fairly obvious the Boruvians are supposed to take the lead from Rome. And numerous other factions clearly have pseudo-European inspiration like Jotlund and Hadrigel. Which finishes with a tolkienesque character that I'm really digging.If you like Panzer commander style games or risk - this is definitely an amalgamation you're going to love.Now if only someone would take the reigns and mod it.(For some reason my playtime is just at 30 minutes but I've logged an entire Dragonhelm campaign)"
,Recommended,312430,30234553,Posted: 27 February,all,ScorpionTBC,"While a bit rough around the edges, this game feels a bit like a cross between EU-lite and Panzer General. I'm very much enjoying the gameplay, and it seems that the developers are committed to continuing to improve it after release, which I absolutely appreciate. I can recommend it today, even if rough just after release, but feel that there's a diamond in there in the midst of being polished."
,Not Recommended,312430,32287065,Posted: 9 June,all,Inventies,I bought this game during early access and played it off and on and I liked what I saw. The diversity of the different playable kingdoms was really a great feature that was brought to this game but for some reason when i redownloaded the game to play a little more deeper and the map was completely black and no info on how to fix. Until I can get more than 5 hours out this game all i can only say this game was a waste of my money and i cannot recommend.
,Recommended,312430,29642133,Posted: 1 February,all,VG Purist,"This is a nice fantasy strategy conquest game that still needs to have some loose ends tied up.  This game still has a few bugs and there are some aspects of this game which still needs work.The best thing about this game is the lore and history of all of the 35 provinces you can play.  On the default map there is a real storytelling about how the High Elves are forming alliances but the Night Elves don't think it's a good idea.  Meanwhile the Vessoi are looking for a few specific totems on the northern side of the map to wipe out all of the races south of them.  Just so much going on and I love every detail!5 ways to play each province.  3 of them are always the same for each province, but there are 2 of them which are distinctly different that goes along with the story.  You will either complete the objectives set out for you for the province or simply wipe out your rival.There are a lot of different units to choose from and each race will have a different unique unit.In addition to have different units for each race, they will usually need different resources to create them.  This makes having a production of a certain resource invaluable (especially for trade!) However, once the game begins to get to the later stages, it doesn't necessarily become a problem.Trading is limited by how many agents your specific province can have.  That means if you are playing a province who can only have 1 agent, you must do everything with that one guy which is good or bad depending on how you look at it but in the end it does prolong the game when you are winning.As I said in the foreword there are a few things that this game needs to work on:Auto battles.  Though you will normally use this when you are at an advantage and should technically win, it doesn't seem to separate your melee and missle ranged troops.  Often times, both will become hit by whatever is on the field.  Also my missle ranged units will stand in the front lines for some unknown reason and I cannot arrange them the way I like.Tactical battles.  Obviously the AI does not do as well as a human player in this mode and you can pretty much outwit the AI even if they are supposed to win.Game is a bit too easy to play.  The AI tends to make a bunch of the easy to kill units and doesn't mix their units up very well.  They will at times not attack you when you are weaker than they are.Objectives aren't always clear.  I played as the Cloudfels and it says to take over a plains province, which I did but it still did not fulfill on my objectives that I did.There are still a good bit of bugs.  UI bugs such as while scrolling through a list of names of provinces, they get stuck together.  From what I read there is a bug for a few of the province's objectives.https://youtu.be/8KMx729N-v4Overall a fun game to play with a lot of potential to become one of the better games in your steam library.  However this is still an unfinished game needing a lot more polish."
76561198021913143,Not Recommended,312430,30001929,Posted: 17 February,all,natpcon,"This game has some interesting concepts. That said, it completely destroyed(twerked hardcore) the graphical settings of two seperate computers I tried installing it on, a windows 7 and a 10. On the windows7, the game crashed and the main menu was having trouble rendering. Eventually I got the game to run on my windows10 upon revisitting it, but unfortunately I found the whole experience underwhelming in-game. Lore-wise I was captivated at first, there is a large and varied selection of factions, if cliche to some extent (but hey, its high-fantasy). Unfortunately, for $25 I was disinclined to play it and I requested my first refund ever."
76561198109500046,Not Recommended,312430,34740601,Posted: 4 September,all,hobotone,"I really want to love this game. There is a great game lost in this technical mess. Glitches, bugs, and crashes abound. Graphical bugs make this game unplayable on many machines, even though it should. and was intended to, run on a potato ( like Dominions ). Add Slitherine's prohibitive price point, and it makes perfect sense to wait until this lemon gets fixed. Just don't hold your breath, it's been months since they promised a patch.I will gladly change this review when even half these issues are solved"
76561198035135821,Not Recommended,312430,29050326,Posted: 5 January,all,timb132,"I was very dissappointed with the game. I knew and understood the game was an early release but I still expected better.In the hour and a half I tried to play I kept running into annoying elements that should have been handled after a year and a half of development. At first I ignored them thinking I would soon get past them. But they just kept coming. So I started to write them down. After another hour I realized I had filled more than a page. That was enough.I don't understand how people are giving this a positive review. Does it have potential? Absolutely. But it still has a ways to go. The idea of charging people (even half price) to play a game this unready takes some nerve.1/13/17 - addendaYou folks are right. I probably should have left some particulars about what I was finding. So, I hope you appreciate this :-), I just dug through a full(and disgusting) garbage can to find the notes I scribbled. I already returned the game so I can't examine the screens to allow me to perfectly describe each element I had a problem with, I am going by memory. Please excuse me if this makes my notes less than ideal.Before listing the problems I encountered I wanted to let you know a few things about me which may raise(or lower ;-), you never know) your confidence in my findings.1) I did read the manual before trying to play.2) I have a CS degree and I have worked in IT for 20+ years in a variety of positions(computer operator, print shop operator, Programmer/Analyst, Document Writer, and tester).3) I have been playing computer/video games since they came into existence. Anybody familiar with Pong? Empire building/4x games have always been among my favorites. It really didn't matter whether they were Fantasy, Historical or Sci-Fi. So I have had a lot of exposure to this type of software.As I said in my intial review, for roughly the first 1/2 hour I just tried to plow through minor issues. It was only after this that I started to note things I was running into. So there were more issues, but not wrting them down I don't remember what they were. Sorry.In no particular order..The pictures of the resources on the marketplace screen(I think this is what it was called) are both too small and too dark. It can be difficult to tell what the picture is. You also have to click on each resource to see if there are any for sale. There are several better ways this could have been handled. One possibilty would have been to change the color of box surrounding resources that were available.Every button  should offer a context clue as to what it is. Some do, some don't(if my memory serves).The images on some of the buttons were very non-intuitive as far as telling me what the buttons did.The text at the bottom of region descriptions was cut off.Especially since I was new to the game and had a limited time to try it there were occasions where I wanted to back out of something I did. How to do so, or even if it was possible to do so was often a mystery. I remember having this problem with the spell tree.There was no easy look up for key terms. For example, I think the term 'dormant' was used in the building 'barrow' description. What effect it might have was a mystery. Linking terms like this in a encyclopedia of some kind(see Age of Wonders III) would have been very helpful.There was an ability in the spell tree(mana leak) not linked by a line to the others. I wasn't sure if this was a bug or intentional.There should be an easy and intuitive way to close any menu. Some games set the escape key to do this.There were several important menus. It appeared the only way to close them was to click again on the associated button(please see my comments on buttons above).Provinces offered me key information when I clicked on them(or hovered over them, I don't remember which). Yet this didn't work for armies.Hmmm, I don't remember the meaning of this next note but I will post it as I wrote it, maybe it will make sense to you ""On the rankings screen what do the different powers mean?""This one is purely by memory. I think there was an occasion where I got a game message and somehow I accidently made it go away. I couldn't figure out how to display it again.The game had an odd tutorial. It didn't seem to work in a linear manner. I was having some trouble following it.I hope you find this more helpful."
76561198005595585,Recommended,312430,23591819,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Grammar Centurion,"FIrst off; the game is Early Access. EARLY Access. I really cannot stress this enough.The developers just released version 2.0 which has changed core aspects of the game. I find that a lot of the changes are positive towards overall gameplay.-Capturing a province? No more worrying about razing it and rebuilding it in order to benefit, the provinces now benefit from a resistance counter instead of burning it to the ground in order to capture the province.-Gone are the days of increasing a province's economy and therefore, tax rate. The tax level is now static and you build unique buidings for each province. This can lead to a lot of replayability and different strategies instead of just mobbing armies and moving them like risk pieces across the map.-Armies have been reworked to prevent certain faction from vastly overpowering their neighbors with elite troops (cloud dragons, anyone?).-There are a number of improved gameplay aspects that have also been implemented in the latest update, but I'm lazy, and I'm not going to list them here.This being said, the game is still a bugged mess. I mean, so bugged you cannot even finish the tutorial. And this aspect permeates the core of the game. Saves won't load, Crashes are frequent and random. Trades get stuck and then crash. Units get recruited and it will crash. Alt-tab? Forget about it.BUTEarly access. Seriously. Early Access.Overall, this game has incredible potential to become an excellent fantasy strategy game. The factions are diverse and with each update their flavor and history becomes deeper. Every update brings gameplay improvements, modernizes the core, and creates a smoother, more enjoyable ride. The tactical map gameplay is semi-complex with the hex-grid core, the diverse unit stats and abilites, and a standard morale system. The auto-resolve feature is not unfair, dipomacy is straightforward and intelligent, there are multiple gameplay modes (story, conquest, etc.). This title, with applied care and well-thought out development, could become a classic one day.At $25 though, I'd usually advise to wait for a sale (I did), but with each purchase the developers can realize a little more potential and make this great. If you love fantasy, strategy, board games, 4x, etc., I'd suggest you give this a try like I did. Just don't expect it (at this point in development) to become a genre-changer."
76561198018716534,Recommended,312430,15278549,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sheytanaslan,IF you enjoy turn based strategy games grounded in a BRAND NEW game world you will love this game. It will have more content added as the game is in EA. Love Dragons...ORCS! Smash mouth Dwarves who want to crush all that appear before them? This is it.This IS NOT a Super blob wins game you have to really think about your strategy.
76561198053046774,Not Recommended,312430,29700921,Posted: 4 February,all,Mogul,"At present way too many bugs and strange stuff. Seems released without proper testing.Also gameplay isn't all that fun even when it works. You play merry go round chasing invading armies, the tactical AI is among the dumbest I have seen in any game. Interface is cumbersome.Really beatiful strategic map (once you get it to show), matched by a tactical map ugly as sin."
,Recommended,312430,15288551,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Zockeredwin,My first impression: it's a love child between 'Dominions 4' and 'Panzer Corps'. Looks and plays very promising.
76561197970684612,Not Recommended,312430,30004671,Posted: 18 February,all,Tomato,"So many gamebreaking bugs, wierd building system, limited magic system.Summery, I expected alot more to be in this game, its pretty shallow"
,Not Recommended,312430,29709668,Posted: 4 February,all,kaliyama,"Complete shame - while the game could be an amazing mix of panzer general + total war's strategic layer, it falls far short of its inspirations.  The UI on the strategic layer is counterintuitive.  I'd be happy to fight past a bad UI if there was a compelling game underneath it, but there isn't.  The game AI is unsatisfying and it's easy to roll the entire map once you get a single doomstack since the AI does a bad job building to stop very strong armies. They tend to spam cheaper units which doesn't work once you develop your forces sufficiently.  It's rare to see a faction come back from a drubbing.The tactical fights can be fun, but are not particularly deep (with far fewer unit types and with fewer differences between factions than a panzer general or a dominions), and ultimately it can't carry the sagging strategic layer."
76561198037821344,Recommended,312430,29711216,Posted: 4 February,all,Jocommando,"TLDR Version:""Sovereignty: Crown of Kings"" is to ""Birthright: The Gorgon's Alliance"" what ""Pandora: First Contact"" is to ""Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.""Full Version:Did you ever play Sierra's DnD: Birthright adaptation, ""Birthright: The Gorgon's Alliance,"" from 1997?  I would bet good money that the makers of ""Sovereignty: Crown of Kings"" did.  Intentionally or not, this game captures some of the mechanical feel of that older title, though at the same time does not quite capture the personality exhibited by it's spiritual forebear.First and foremost, ""Sovereignty"" is all about its field battles.  Take a look at the screenshots depicting armies arrayed in opposition to one another on a hex grid, and know that that is where most of your time will be spent with this one.  Unit abilities, terrain effects, and battle objectives are easy to understand, and the system is serviceable if you can accept the graphical abstraction of tokens-as-units.Secondarily, every aspect of nation-building performed on the strategic-level world view is done in service to the field battles.  Your provinces dictate how many troops you can afford, and where they can be deployed.  Your realm magic is used to buff your troops or debuff enemy troops prior to battles.  Your diplomacy lets you attempt to control how many fronts you fight on.  Diplomacy/trading is also the primary means of obtaining access to resources (iron, wood, gems, stone, etc.) that don't occur naturally within the borders of your realm, which are needed to build your advanced troop types and province improvements.The UI is clunky and the graphical clarity/organization leaves something to be desired, but ""Sovereignty"" has the potential to be a captivating turn-based, fantasy, grand-strategy experience, the likes of which we don't see much these days.  I hope this title continues to receive the polish it deserves: if it does, I'm confident I'll remember it as fondly twenty years from now as I do ""Birthright"" today."
76561198000222448,Recommended,312430,15291659,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dual_Cored,Really well thought out and polished game for an early access. Love the lore and epic feel to the campaign map. Haven't played a long amount of time but so far the AI has been effective. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,312430,15297205,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Death of Rats,"Sovereignty looked interesting to me for the fantasy elements. It's is not my usual genre, but I have played some conquest strategy games such as Civ before so not entirely a noob either. (Still pretty rookie, I know. :p )I have found enough fun in Sovereignty to bring me back for several games already only a day after release, and enough challenge that I had to turn down the difficulty level from Normal to Casual. Hardcore gamers will be pleased to learn that there are five difficulties in total: Casual, Normal, Hard, Heroic, and Legendary. I am hoping to go back to Normal after I get some practice and confidence.The game offers variety. There are many different nations that are controlled by different races with different temperments and special abilities. Each nation has multple win objectives you can choose from at the beginning to increase repeat playability.Sovereignty is in Early Access, so there are some bugs and the occasional crash, but in all, the game is playable and generally stable. Autosave saves at each turn (except in a tactical battle), so the crashes don't sting too badly. The developers are active in the community discussions: answering questions, accepting feedback, and released a patch to fix several early bugs after only a day of release, so this is quite promising for the future of the game.In all, I think that Sovereignty is a good and promising game."
76561197973725830,Recommended,312430,15417392,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Lvl. 10 Wizard Stalin's Zombie,"I only barely recommend this game because of my hope that more people would play and offer feedback to the developers. This game seems like a 4X strategy, but in my opinion the depth of gameplay is not worthy of that classification. It seems like many features that should be in the game of this genre are missing or not up to standard.PROS:+ Many factions/realms to play as, with different races/alignments, and many are based on historical powers/nations+ Tactical battles are fun, challenging and rewarding+ Easily Moddable (a big plus for me)CONS:- The UI is generally not aesthetically pleasing, and text gets distorted on many resolutions- Empire management is basically non-existant beyond pressing the upgrade economy button- If you dont have a hero attached to an army, you are forced to use the autoresolve, and there is a limit to how many heroes you can have. The number depends on the nation you are playing. Seen above, I believe the Tactical Battle system is one of the games strongest mechanics, so it is infuriating that we don't get to use it enough- Some nations are just ridiculously weak at the beggining of a campaign and are easily destroyed- Unit diversity, in both quality and art assets, is low- No income report, or anything that breaks down your finances- A very limited pool of magic that is firmly set for your chosen realmThere are several other cons I could list, but the point is that they outweigh the pros for me. I really want this to be a good game, but for now it isn't. As I stated before, however, I am recommending this game so other people can shout at the devs and help improve it."
76561198065883450,Not Recommended,312430,26719412,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jlowerre,"Still very buggy, 2weeks before 'master gold.'Lots of cluncky inteface 2weeks before 'master gold,' spent most of my time trying to find who has the resources I want so I can trade with them, so I can improve my provinces.Paid $25 and never got more than 20 turns into any one game before it crashed.Basically wasted 20 hours of my life that I don't have to waste.Too bad too, some great ideas, nice varitey in units, nice integration of strategic with tactical, decent economic and diplomnatic concepts, disappointing it doesn't work."
76561197963664525,Recommended,312430,30484538,Posted: 12 March,all,Terkala,"First, if you liked Birthright: Gorgon's Alliance back in the day, this is 100% that game, with balance changes, better combat, and removing the adventuring mode all together. You can stop reading here.If you've not played the above game, this is a great empire-level strategy game. The combat is well balanced as far as I can tell, the units are varied, and the AI isn't bad. It's certainly got low production values in terms of user interface and graphics, but it more than makes up for it in quality of gameplay."
76561197993241905,Recommended,312430,33115700,Posted: 1 July,all,Slaphammer,"Great game with a lot of variety since each of the 30+ nations have unique units, terrain features, goals, etc.  It did crash on me twice in the game I just completed (I got conquered by the The Iron Barony, an Orc kingdom), but the game autosaves after every turn so not much was lost except the time to start up the game again."
,Not Recommended,312430,20932020,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Amonkhet,"The Early Access development for this game is a shambles...communication is poor, and the majority of the Early Access time so far has been spent on an engine change with no update patches in months.The worst example I have seen of Early Access since the likes of The Stomping Grounds. The gameplay has potential but honestly, the game is so content light.  There are many factions but only a few units each, the Magic tech tree is small, and most spells are unimportant and the only non-combat features are trading and the ability to press a button to increase the economy of a province.Wait till the game is properly released and discounted heavily."
76561198027712877,Recommended,312430,26139480,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,GBC,A gem of fantasy strategy games! Still needs some polishing but has a unique game athmospherei can recommend over many games that have latest graphics.Every faction really plays differently. Not only because of the different spell trees and buildings.Mostly because of the different abilitys of the units availible for each faction that really ask for different strategys in tactical battle and campaign map aswell.Diplomacy really matters and includes trade in a way thats fun and asks for strategic decisions.Up to what faction you play you have 1 to 6 agents to sent as diplomats or traders.And i guess 2-5 generals that let you play tactical battles.Every faction has its own way - and there are many of them - and even campaign like victory conditions.Replayability is that for unique. While the total war series lately wants you to go out for a beer between the turns - this game is quick and the simple graphics look nice gameplay is nicer.Still in early access it has quite frequent crashes that hurt the most when apear in tactical battles. 90% of the crashes dont reappear when you play the round again. few crashes do and you might even loose your nerves and start a new game. since great improvements were implemented that might cause new bugs i can live with that and even hope for more features and more crashes until the game is finished. its already fun and steam workshop already has few but nice features.
76561198033969293,Recommended,312430,26371160,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Riddle of Steel,"I've been looking for a game like this for a long time. An fantasy strategy game with depth and options; this game has me hooked. The diplomacy options are meaningful  and offer you a myriad of options: spying, economic warfare, diplomacy (that actually means something). The economics is loaded with tons of resources, each useful in their own way and with each nation having their own priority resource needs. The combat is also very solid. Terrain, troop type, experience, and the battle circumstance (e.g. ""i cant lose this one"" vs ""i dont need to win, i just need to NOT lose my army"" vs ""I just need to use this army up in the most aggressive way possible"") means each battle has its unique flavor... usually. The down sides that i've noticed include a couple of repetitive battles (same types of armies, using the same strategy keep smashing against my Strongholds). The AI isn't always perfect in the tactical battles but I can always use the simpler battle model to up the challenge level. I'll hold off for now because the AI still frequently makes an unexpectedly cleve move and the tactical simulation is simply more engaging.All in all, this game is excellent (8/10) for early access. It might need some glossing. For example, better flavor text for the units instead of military-political quotes would go a long way to give life to an already fascinating world where history, politics and culture tie into game.  Clearly, since this is my first review, 'm pretty happy with what i have and i'm really excited to see what the polished product will play like.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go unite the Elven Kingdoms."
76561198007070190,Recommended,312430,15294462,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The Halcyon Age,"Can be a little buggy and the UI isn't currently the best. However it's only just released in early access and it's completely playable and very fun. The developers have already released a beta patch fixing some bugs the community reported a mere day after release so clearly they are paying attention. Really excited to see this one grow, and develop!"
76561197971804383,Recommended,312430,15298162,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gere,Nice turnbased fantasy strategy game with interesting battles.
76561198004382977,Not Recommended,312430,29662130,Posted: 2 February,all,Sablestar,"Before buying, look at the graphic issues in the forum.  Although it lists Nvidia graphics as best case, it doesn't work."
76561198050741727,Recommended,312430,29257524,Posted: 14 January,all,Titan,"The sheer number of different scenarios you can play around with it excellent fun for people like myself who tend to dominate the ai too easily. You'll most likely be very annoyed when you get attacked from all sides at once, but the feeling of victory afterwards is most satisfying."
76561198039522011,Recommended,312430,32297191,Posted: 9 June,all,Voncrow,"I havent put enough hours in this game to give it a proper review. But I plan to change and from what I have played I have this to say. The combat is simple to understand and still jave complexities that make it interesting. That matched with being grand strategy and fantasy, a rare combination, make it worth while for me. Especially considering you rarely get a grand strategy game with much in combat. These two factors alone are enough for me to support the game."
76561198060949602,Not Recommended,312430,29762488,Posted: 7 February,all,madmikmouse,Would have loved to recommend this. Just the sort of game i like.Unfortunately it's completely broken.Tried everything to make it work....result......unplayable.Constant crashes. Especially during battles. ( Haven't finished a single battle without crashing !!)God knows how bad it must have been in Early Access !!!...If this is the finished product !!!!0 / 10Complete waste of money.
76561198042021531,Recommended,312430,15340528,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kafkax,"Fantastic, this is the most fun I've had in a while. I'd say its closest to Dominions, but more forgiving, and with actual control over your armies. Its still buggy(petty but frequent), and it needs fleshing out and polishing, but even in its current state it is worth the asking price of $25."
76561198173827213,Not Recommended,312430,32229396,Posted: 6 June,all,dillz1999,"So i'm having some issues with this game. I used to play this game here and there, feeling like it was generally well put together. Although after not playing for a few months I began to redownload the game and start playing again. But when I go to start a new campaign the map has a bug where the army icons and other things like the map have had errors where they all just turn into this massive blur. I hope they end up fixing this."
76561198030910756,Recommended,312430,15293142,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,glabrezu,"A great game of strategic fantasy who allows you to resolve smart tactical fights. Enormous variety of nations, so differents ways to play and a terrific campagne system.C'est le jeu de strategie medieval fantastique qui manquait dans cet univers de jeux videos depourvu d'originalite. Un grand bravo aux developpeurs qui sont sur ce projet depuis longtemps, vous avez reussi votre coup !Me gusta mucho este juego muy listo y puedo decir a todo el mundo (no es para niños pero persona madura) que puede comprarlo."
76561198003189450,Not Recommended,312430,18845936,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kruicen,"Can't say I recommend this at the moment its fun for awhile till it crashes and, crashes and, crashes ^^ there are plenty of balance issues as well. For example if you play the Night elf race they literally have no starting infantry just a few irregular units that have hit and run tactics while useful I cant fathom why a race as vicious as the Night elves and war hardened as well would not have developed any spear/sword type of infantry that can hold a battle line. Who ever thought of not giving them a good infantry unit please slap your self in the face. The game certainly has potential though and, I really hope they work off of the base of what they have and develop the game with more in depth as of now it gets stale quick.  For instance why not make more unique racial unit cards every race should have their own and not share with others I really find that half the effort.. Anyway good luck.."
,Recommended,312430,30368852,Posted: 7 March,all,Dwarfurious,"Its got Dwarves and that sold it for me, waited for it to be out before i tried playing it. While it is not a true 4X since it lacks the 'exploration' aspect, its replaced with a unique asymetrical smattering of different factions, big and small. You may find yourself particularly drawn to a certain faction and their ideals, with a variety of ways to challenge yourself, such as trying to conquer the whole world with the Ogres.Combat is satisfyingly strategic and if it becomes a slog the auto-battle is not as brutal as other games.While many features are counter intuitive or imbalanced and the game crashes often, seeing updates continue to come out and active devs on the forum makes me confident that these will more or less be resolved, so the game is definitely worth wishlisting at the least for strategy enthuisiasts."
76561198007790082,Not Recommended,312430,16761871,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,merv_it,"I really did want to enjoy this game and had been toying with buying it for weeks. I loved the look of the map and felt the game could have a lot of depth. I understood that it was still EA but I took the plunge and bought it today and unfortunately I did regret it.There is just not enough content currently to justify the £18.99 price tag. I am sure more will be added and things will change, but in it's current state I would not recommend purchasing. There are other games around in EA around the same price or less with double the content.For me, everything is just a bit too simple at the moment. Considering the number of races diplomacy should be a huge feature, but is more or less non-existant. However, as the game development progresses and features are fleshed out I could be tempted back again."
76561198018449587,Recommended,312430,31514655,Posted: 2 May,all,Dante Von Hespburg,"A lot of users seem to have experienced some game breaking bugs, for my part i cannot say i have, no crashes yet and one complete run through under my belt, plus a few more ongoings :).Game-wise i love this game. The lore and history are for me what really makes it, and the atmosphere this envokes combined with the artwork is awesome. The detail and complexity is rather surprising too, which is quite nice. The AI is ruthless and rightly so, the diplomatic and trading system lends an extra means to pursue strategy that can pay dividends. I also like the uniqueness of some factions (Dragonhold and the various elves being interesting 'small and poweful starts' while some mechanics like undead and the norths 'uniting the tribes' are also very fun to play with.Battles are tactical and interesting, again very difficult too- and can in some aspects be a wee bit frustrating (i'm not a fan of the 'hero has to be present' tactical combat option- i'd rather always have that option, but i can see and appreciate why its their in the layer of complexity it adds in military management- and auto-resolving can be horrific :P).All in all, a very interesting and fun game. Again for me i haven't had any of the bugs others have reported so my experiences haven't been tainted by what i imagine would be quite frustrating. So 10/10 here from a bug-free perspective."
76561198002681502,Recommended,312430,25794471,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,darren,"Im enjouying this game, although as yet,  unfinished and in need of improvements. The UI needs work, to be more user friendly, and easier on the eye, more info, and tool tips etc still required, but overall, this game comes closest to recreating the feeling of playing fantasy general, all those years ago, with extra, depth and goodies"
76561198010606664,Recommended,312430,23577600,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,kukumisu,"Barely scratched the surface of this one. Gameplay is solid. The range of reals to play really is fantastic; they all play completely differently so offer a challenge on each play. The writing seems good - the flavour text really adds to the immersion (you get a sense the devs have really created a proper 'world',  and there is a real variety of units to slect based on the faction you choose -Fantastic - has a real 'one more turn' feel. Had to really tear myself away to write the review. The recent update adds loads of tweaks to make it more beautiful and to deepen the economic play but I haven't really had a chance to experience the breadth of the changes.  Haven't had this much fun in ages - recommended for turn based, grand strategy tinkerers and fiddlers."
76561197977016166,Recommended,312430,29750920,Posted: 6 February,all,Skylok,"Deserves positive review instead of mixed. Awesome map, fun factions, massive replay, cheap price for how many hours you get. I'm close to 13 hours at time of this review, I expect to triple that by the time I'm ready to uninstall. Game is good enough to want some DLC.Know what you're getting into before purchasing. I think people are expecting a CK2 or Europa type game.Fun war game with great map and lore.Needs polish.Worth the purchase.Get it."
76561198065275765,Not Recommended,312430,29905977,Posted: 13 February,all,KittenStomper,Good Ideas but constant crashes ruined it for me
76561197972428913,Recommended,312430,30634321,Posted: 20 March,all,Orastus,"I just started playing but I think this is a good game that will soon be a great game!! It is a work in progress but from what I've read about the past and looking at where the game is now, the devs appear to be dedicated to making a real gem.  Personally I think the game plays well right now.  I recognize that there is room for significant AI improvements but I'm having fun and not running into any playability problems.  I look at how many games I've purchased that were just flat out boring.  This one is not one of those.  If you have been waiting for a rich turned based fantasy strategy with some heart, this is worth the money.Ok, devs, keep up the good work.  Don't make me look like a shmuck.  :)"
76561198144430156,Recommended,312430,23572600,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JohnnyMontana79,Bought this ages ago and have barely played it. The reason is im kind of waiting for it to be out of early access to really get into it.I havnt played enough to get too in depth with it but its basically a strategic map where you can upgrade your land and hire troops etc. Then you can invade other territories and do battles. Battles can be autoresolved but its more fun to play them out. To play a battle you have counters for your different units and you move them about and attack in turn based battles.I have played this more than my hours suggest as i played it before I bought it and thats what made me buy it. But i have not played it much.Overall I really like the game and think its great I would recommend it if you like turn based strategies.
76561197976327138,Recommended,312430,29790846,Posted: 8 February,all,becephalus,"This still has some bugs and graphical glitches, and the UI/tool tips need a bit of help.  But overall this game has a great concept and is a lot of fun.It could really use some polishing, but the main mechnics of raising armies and fighting battles work pretty seemlessly.  The bakcstory that is there is detialed and interesting, and the facitons are reaosnably different.  I would love some better map art and more interesting diverse terrain tilsets, but overall I am really enjoying this game."
,Recommended,312430,15433765,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"I'm loving this game so far, a Europa Universalis type experience with Fantasy is a dream come true for me personally.I can't wait to see where this game go's in the future ..... Middle Earth or Game of Thrones Mod anyone ?Well worth every penny of the the early Access price, games like this should be supported for sure. Its also very addictive, just wish I had more time to play it at the moment."
76561197970613608,Recommended,312430,19372748,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Magnatude,"This is a very cool Strategy game!Some may say it's unbalanced, but thats realistic IMHO.The AI is improving (EA) and I find it a lot of fun to play.I love boardgames and this game has that feel to it."
76561198111672496,Not Recommended,312430,16942875,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,matthew.tobin01,"So far, I like this game because it is interesting. There are some ""hiccups,"" that make the game a little bit unplayable, though. I am going to see if there is some help in the Community or on the Forums. Remember, this game is not ""completely finished,"" so you should definitely keep that in mind before considering purchasing it. My personal rating system is this: 1 means ""Absolutely Terrible."" I rarely give anything a 1. 5 means ""Perfection,"" and nothing is perfect, so you will probably never see me rate a game as 5. The ""mid-point"" on my rating scale is 3, which is sorta like a ""B"" in school. As the game stands now, I rate it a 2. That means ""Below Average"" or ""Does Not Meet"" my expectations. I will revise my rating in future. Presently, I cannot Recommend this game for the typical or casual player. I don't mean any disrespect to the gaming studio, it just ""Needs Improvement."""
,Recommended,312430,29910174,Posted: 13 February,all,Rhayegar,"Very addictive, but there are a lot of things, that just don't work properly. Spells (for example Sylvan Rebirth is not working well: you can't choose any province even if it is an Old Forest like dark elves capital), trade (they can try to send you an offer and when you try to chenge it even if you don't change anything, they can tell that this is not acceptable), units (Death Knights have movement of 5 but they move 2 hexes no matter the terrain) and so on. It is sad. And the game crushes often. Hope developers deal with all this problems, cause game looks fantastic."
76561198049982537,Recommended,312430,30644996,Posted: 20 March,all,Ozark Rebel,"Early impressions, and I mean early, are pretty darn good. Ive had no crashes or strange behavior like was reported on earlier builds. I really like how they went the extra mile and put tooltips on almost everything. There is certainly room in my library, and the world, for a game like this.Once I play further I'll make a more thorough review but, as it stands right now, I have to give it a thumbs up.The one thing I do not care for that Ive noticed is that you cant seem to view your inventory when a trade is offered. I'd like to see how much of a certain item I have before I commit.Oh, add the blurry aspects of the game. Some of the graphics and icons seem very low rez.For $25 bucks, and the fact that the game seems fresh in an overcrowded market, Im giving it a thumbs up. Plus, Slitherine/Matrix has a pretty good reputation for seeing games through and always good support. On their site developers are very accessible."
,Not Recommended,312430,29732703,Posted: 5 February,all,Grimmblut,Couldn't finish the tutorial because of a bug. Checked the forum and saw that there are several people who can't finish the tutorial for various reasons. We are talking about the tutorial! The tutorial of a game that has been in early access for month and has now been released! And they can't get the tutorial to work!
76561198030916207,Recommended,312430,18844217,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,dmcf,"If you're looking for fancy 3-D graphics then forget it, but if you like strategy games and fantasy and good gameplay, and don't mind about basic graphics, you will like it. (And when i say the graphics are basic i don't mean they're bad - i love most of the artwork in this game)Still in early access , so crashes now and then, but still worth every penny/cent. In fact there are many full release games that crash more than Sovereignty's Early Access version does.There are many human kingdoms of various alignments, including one with dragons, two undead kingdoms, plus one vampire/gypsy kingdom, two dwarf kingdoms, two orc ones, one high elf, one night elf and one wood elf (though the elves are all allied to one another). Each can recruit different units from one another and have different diplomatic standings with other kingdoms.The campaign map level of it is similar to Birthright (1990s AD&D based strategy game), though with more features than Birthright had. There are resources, trading with other kingdoms or just through the marketplace for resources required to recruit some units, diplomatic relations of all kinds up to full alliance (which allows you to recruit 4 units of one type that only the kingdom you're allied to can normally recruit), spying, etc. Your agents can even be set to work to improve another kingdom's attitude towards you, or to try to turn one kingdom against another (though the AI kingdoms' agents can do the same to you).The only thing it lacks which Birthright had is the option to do first person RPG style missions, but i don't miss those too much.Then there are the battles which go to a hex map in which you move your hex shaped units (just like 2D counters though the artwork on them is decent). The battles are a lot like those in Fantasy General (kind of fantasy version of Panzer commander or Allied General), but with some interesting additions (e.g when more than one unit of shield armed infantry from the same side are adjacent to one another at the end of a turn they form Shield Wall, greatly increasing their defence against enemy attacks).On top of that there are heroes (which include some mages) who act pretty much like Battle Cards that you can play once per battle if the hero is present in the army involved (though with experience some get two different abilities)(Only being able to autocalc battles rather than fight them yourself if there isn't a hero in the army is a bit annoying - but there is already a mini-mod that lets you choose to fight out battles with an army with no hero in it)And there are spells at the campaign level which do all kind of things, with some unique to each kingdom.On the downside the battle AI is not that great, though that is planned to be improved in later patches, and there are no plans for multiplayer - it's single player only but you're not likely to notice that the battle AI isn't that good until you've played a lot of the game.There are a few things that arent quite right (trolls and ogres and wyverns with zero defence for instance), but those might be changed in later versions, and there will be plenty of mods of it in time (a few already)."
76561198042405708,Recommended,312430,29664834,Posted: 3 February,all,MooK881,"This game has everything I am looking for in a grand strategy game! 35 unique factions, and amazing history/lore, unique units + play styles, 270 province fictional map, and subtle and detailed strategies to win, without micromangement or being too complex. Also moddable! Amazing game. I highly recommend it and can't wait to see it develop further."
,Not Recommended,312430,29737657,Posted: 6 February,all,Mute,"I bought it but I'm not crazy about it currently. The game needs some serious work done and the unit roster needs to be filled out more. Currently it feels monotonus and boring, like a turn based game of EU4 without events, characters or national ideas. Just the ""joy of painting"".It tries to address this in the campaign by giving you objectives, and when you accomplish the objective you get a short blurb of text and a reward for accomplishing your goal.... however you go right back to trying to paint the world your current color.I love the idea but currently the execution is sloppy and i cannot suggest the game in its current state.PS there are major bugs as well (tactical combat, random crashes ect ect) but I expect them to be ironed out.  My major issue is with the game being ""not fleshed out enough"" and boring to play. It does have potential but... I don't know if the Developer will put the time into it to make it right. If they do I'll change the review however I would not recomend this game in its current state."
,Recommended,312430,22603688,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,fascist_p3ngu1n,I personally have had no issues with this game. Found it very promising and pretty fun but definitely rough around the edges. There just isn't the micromanagement/building/diplomacy aspect that feels necessary in a game that seems to want to become a grand strategy. And compared to some other EA games the development is slow. Would recommend at $17 USD and lower
76561198012016372,Not Recommended,312430,29715414,Posted: 5 February,all,LordZugZwang,"I liked the concept, thought I give the game a try.Played the game for half an hour, had 5 crashes during that time. Crashed when right clicking (during tutorial when you were promted to do so as well as during the regular game), crashed when loading, crashed on diplomatic screen - in the current state this is unplayable, had the game refunded.Will probably take another look when the game has had these crashes fixed. For now, can't recommend."
76561198033321486,Recommended,312430,18223958,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,For23,A fun game with interesting map and factions.
,Recommended,312430,22857759,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,cassembler,"Pretty awesome strategy offering; offers new goodies and modern mechanics to a healthy dose of old-school conquering (Defender of the Crown, Romance, etc.) It's playable as-is, and will start eating up your time in short order. If the map screenshots above do anything for you, you're in the right place.The Good:- Fun and engaging (this is why we play games, yes?)- Overall simple and deep mechanics- Sense of ""empire"" is supported at several levels. You do feel like an emperor of a vast kingdom.- Reasonable level of micromanagement; I don't get a sense of tedium from most gameplay.- Tactical combat is nicely done; I'll only auto-out of battles if it's completely lopsided- Aesthetics create a nice tone- Tool tips everywhere you want them- Tutorial is short and effective, if moderately ""hunt-and-pecky""The Bad (I.e. what I hope Early Access addresses):- Only crash I had was trying to launch in 3440x1440; game was stuck loading. Changing resolution back allowed me to launch, and interestingly, I could change it in-game back to 3440.- User interface can be unintuitive at times (exiting a screen can be right click, or checkbox, but only one or the other), but it's clear that it's a work in process, and some elements are spot-onTBD:- Not sure about AI yet; it doesn't strike me as bad or good yet... We'll see.- Replayability - you can pick any faction and a handful of victory conditions, but it seems the start of the map is static. See below.Wish List:- Random map generator (good lord, this would be huge!)- Faction editor- Unit editor"
76561197969029786,Not Recommended,312430,17340073,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Chris,"Even with Beta 1.8 out, the game still crashes frequently, has blank tool tips, and won't let you do things with no feedback on why.  Skip this one until a lot more work is done on it."
,Recommended,312430,16096016,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Farsight,"Hello Friends, been watching this game for a long while and decided, sale or no sale, to finally buy it.  Though having played it, I really wish that I'd waited until it was on sale.  It's not that the game is bad per say, on the contrary it's really quite good.  Albeit not as good as what I thought it would.What I was expecting was a limited, not quite there, fantasy version of a total war game.  Instead it's more like an upgraded version of Risk, which wouldn't be a bad thing if the game didn't cost £18.99, and promised to be so much more.  Of course it's still an Early Access game, so hopefully they'll flesh the game out some more.So reasons to get the game?  It's modable.  This appears to be the main selling point of the game.  You can modify everything from the campaign map, to the factions, their units and so on.  I personally think that this is fantastic, and that more games should follow suit.  Unfortunately, this considerable degree of modability is what leads to the games greatest downfall.Since it's expected that you'll eventually mod out the old campaign map, factions and units, in place of your own creations.  There exists a serious lack of narrative to drive the player through the campaign, which is made exasperatingly worse by a complete lack of background foreverything.  The only information that you'll be given is a basic description about each faction and a few Province descriptions.  Nothing else is explained, which would be fine if you immediately wanted to jump straight into creating and modding your own content into the game, otherwise tough luck.If you can overlook that appropriately sized hurdle, then it's a pretty good game.  Of course if you have no intention of modding the game, then you may wish to skip over this title.  The lack of background and narrative makes the game generic enough that you wouldn't miss out on anything that you couldn't get from your average Total War game.So that leaves the price.  I would wait until the game is 50-60% off before laying down your money, since there isn't enough content by itself to keep you entertained for long.  Requiring considerable work either on your own or another modders part to keep the game interesting and viable."
76561198191889803,Not Recommended,312430,15423302,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,sgrynko,"Nice concept, but stuck in development limbo. Avoid unless/until version 1.0 actually comes out."
76561197992171864,Recommended,312430,20476954,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Docsis,"I have been looking for a simpler version of games like the Europa series. Those games looked fun, but were just way to complicated to me.""Sovereignty: Crown of Kings"" seems to fit that bill. I am enjoying this game very much. I haven't played much YET, but so far, I am understanding it very well.I like the fantasy flavor of the game, with magic, orcs and such.It is in early access, but still VERY playable."
76561198020883591,Not Recommended,312430,20837398,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Gharpar,"I still hope this will become a great game in the end - and it definitively has some potential. However there are currently too many concerns and too little progress for me to be able to recommend this game:- lots of bugs (for example there are several campaigns that don't work properly after 9 months in EA)- frequent crashes (this has considerably improved however this was basically an improvement from terrible to bad)- weak AI (on the global map and in tactical battles - f.e.: the AI hardly ever moves irregulars (one unit class that relies on hit-and-run)).- 6 months since the last meaningful update; while the developpers overhaul basic stuff- campaigns can be tedious, especially smaller nations often have nothing to do except press the turn button.- unit graphics get recycled way too much- diplomacy and trade are not much fun- UI isn't well designed- unit rosters are very rudimentary+ interesting game idea+ combines hex-based tactical battle fluently with a boardgame-esque world map+ it still has the potential for greatness (it could become something similar to the early Total War games - just with turn-based tactical battles on a hex-grid rather than realtime ones).+ relatively easy to mod+ has its own high fantasy world (it's fairly classical with elves, dwarves, humans, orcs, etc.)+ some realms already offer a unique playstyle (for example there is one realm that can raise defeated enemies as undead troops)."
76561198027409827,Recommended,312430,29661255,Posted: 2 February,all,CH.Dedalus,I have greatly enjoyed this game. I bought it for the background setting alone but found the gameplay unique and challenging. If you are a fantasy wargamer this is a must have.
76561198017743775,Not Recommended,312430,29724548,Posted: 5 February,all,gap23518,"Crash during turorial, it appears random.  Cant duplicate it.  Im so sick of ""early access"" nonsense.Shameful."
76561198022145412,Recommended,312430,18679970,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,vzkings,"Recently completed a campaign on the new 2.0 patch and wanted to update the review.  My last review noted many bugs that made the game difficult to play.Overall, I love the overhaul in the 2.0 version. Gone are most of the crashes and issues encountered previously (I'll still get a crash here or there but nothing consistent or repeatable.)The game really does not feel like early access any more. It may require some polishing still but a full, enjoyable, game is here.  All the realms have fully fleshed out backstories and the world feels very well crafted and thought out as well. Not sure if there was a source (book, tabletop, etc.) for the game but if not its well designed. Also, the game play updates in 2.0 are mostly for the positive as well. Changes, especially in attacking/defending make the game more fluid as its now much easier to both take and lose a province.There's still a couple things I think could be improved, and I will list them here as the dev team appears to be active and reading/reacting to comments which is great to see and encouraging in any 'early access' gamethe biggest of which is the unit build priority for AI controlled human realms.  They much too heavily favor garrison units which is a problem because 1) garrison units can't attack which leads to some realms declaring war but having very few or no troops they can attack with since they have full stacks of garrison units in every province 2) the human garrison units are almost universally bad, so any decent army can just roll over them without ever taking any casualtiesOther things I noticed are just minor issues related to the province setup/management overhaul and will probably be tweaked in time anyway. Those things being1) Capitals can be too easy to conquer. Most provinces are taken in 1-2 turns but it seems like the capitals should all have a default of 3-4 or higher.  I found that the best strategy in a lot of wars was just to rush the enemy capital, siege it down, and then deal with the rebels after.2) The province upgrade feature is initially nice but as I expanded I found it too cumbersome to use and it provided no real benefit.  This may be because I was playing as Icespire (not sure if different realms have different build options) but I found almost all buildings to be + RP buildings. The problem there is after you learn 6 spells RP no longer provides any benefit at all. It would be nice to see a wider range of building bonuses or some alternative usage for RP"
76561198065794653,Recommended,312430,35016055,Posted: 16 September,all,james.z.goudreau,This game reminds me of Genghis Khan back on the NES.
76561198171031489,Not Recommended,312430,31227954,Posted: 18 April,all,outlander79@,the map is black and i cant even get through the tutorial practiclly unplayable as it stands for me :/ i dont know how to fix it till its fixs or someone tells me how to fix it i have waisted my money
,Not Recommended,312430,29492070,Posted: 25 January,all,Fulgrim,"this game is currently not playable due to severe crashes. oh, and it kills steam after a while."
76561198012608943,Recommended,312430,19423784,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,genovanhook,great game
76561197970130742,Not Recommended,312430,17915999,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Don Soto,Only for fans of board game simulations.+ Factions play very differently and thanks to unit restrictions and victory conditions massive military expansion is not always the best or most viable option+ Cool lore and stuff+ Some other things- It gets boring fast. There is little motivation to play long term beyond seeing the victory screen.Maybe this game will be more fun as it approaches a full release but at the moment and for the current price I can not recommend it.
,Recommended,312430,29661730,Posted: 2 February,all,Sokanas,"Interesting game, pretty fun.But it has some pretty major balance issues between the different factions, unit types and resource procurement.Will be great with tweaks."
76561198006528043,Recommended,312430,29696164,Posted: 4 February,all,Jester,"I found Sovereignty to feel much like the old Fantasy General game. You build, manage, and direct your forces and when battle occurs for regions, you fight the battle out in a familiar igougo turn-based system. There is a wide diversity of units and special abilities which give each faction a unique feel. There was enough difference in the ""feel"" of factions that it has allowed tremendous replayability as I try and retry different strategies with the same faction as well as the differeence of playing a faction that had bullied you as you played another one. /chuckleThis one is great fun!"
76561198006538149,Recommended,312430,18792549,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Norcath,Good game that needs more content and  a lot of polish
76561198022045117,Recommended,312430,15570514,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The9KGamer,Already a pretty good game and definitely has a lot of potential to get even better!
76561198047965460,Recommended,312430,15595219,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,OttoT,"This game is still missing some text descriptions, still has some game breaking bugs. The bug reporting tool for me has stopped working.The Economy has been changed. Instand of just a number you can advance and get more gold. You can now build buildings. Not every nation has the same buildings or options.  Buildings come in tiers 1-4. In some nations you are limited by circumstance as to what you can build where.In some nations the unti progression has change as you advance in the campaing units may become avalible.I still like this game, but sometimes you have to restart from the beggining because a bug will pop up that breaks your saved game and you will not be able to advance past that turn."
76561198171862606,Recommended,312430,16063271,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rvlion,"This game reminded me a whole lot of Birthright: The Gorgon’s Alliance and therefor decided to try it while in early acces.As expected for an early access the game has quite a few bugs… However the game is quite playable (although you might have an average of 5 crashes to desktop per hour like I did).However the real game breaker for me currently is that I have had 2 playthroughs of 450+ turns crash and effectively be unloadable again.I cannot in good conscience recommend this game while it is still in Early Access, once the game has matured a little and has many bug fixes I will most probably change my mind.Edit (30-06-2015):My first EA review was made during EA 1.6, right now we are on 1.8, stability has improved for me significantly (meaning barely crashes). Right now I must admit that the game is atleast stable enough to recommend it to others."
76561197993277074,Recommended,312430,16298473,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Asterix von TWC,"A fantastically adictive game, reminds me of Koei's games but is an evolution... playing the tactical view on battles is brilliant"
76561198061540291,Recommended,312430,15500083,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dorch,"This is seriously a breathe of fresh air in the disgustingly broken realm of tile based strategy. having both the wonders of a grand strategy with the battles and unit diversity of a tile based total war. Soverignty is innovative.Its hard, its new, its notapenis, its a strategy game in early access done right so far, and i would heavily reccomend this to strategy game enthusiests. with 2 updates in the 5 days ive owned it so far, and 20 hours in of gameplay, id say this game really deserves to be looked at"
76561198107662042,Recommended,312430,16230443,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,cloning_souls,"sovereighty has the potential to be a fantastic turn based strategy gamebut at the moment it becomes dull rather fast ,. mostly due to a very small unit roster,nothing to build and poor battlefield aii read in the forum that one of the devs said the game could have been released in this state and that would have been acceptable,.. well hes wrong.....if this was the final game state ,it would be a stinkerthankfully they are still improving itfingers crossed"
,Recommended,312430,16871296,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Alaizon,extremely promising
76561197986162232,Not Recommended,312430,29680999,Posted: 3 February,all,Brack,"Still a lot of crashing, even after leaving early access."
76561198079507554,Recommended,312430,15330931,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jaeger,"Right from the start i fell in love with this game, great game worth the money."
76561198025394635,Recommended,312430,15297802,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Very cool game.Many kingdoms, very creative self-realm and an engine that do not put you as the center of the game.On the other hand,  it would have been cooler if the combats were just as Dominions 4, with 2d sprite units instead of top botton units.Also the font type and text size is horrible and could be better."
,Recommended,312430,19120302,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Steven,only thing would made this game better be honest would been MP - single player games tend to take a back seat for me and my friends compared to MP games of same sort for example we play civ 4 or galatic civ 3 or mmo 4 thats coming out before this game due to No MP..it is a really good game thought be honest. if you want to just do single player.  presonaly id even pay for expasion pack that bring MP to game.
76561197983042330,Not Recommended,312430,29336199,Posted: 18 January,all,bgt0990,"The tutorial is unplayable after like the second step.  If they can't get this right after 1.5 years there is little hope.  I had to get my money back, and I don't do that very often."
76561198009475564,Not Recommended,312430,15416363,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Morfar,"After 10 hours of gameplay, it felt like it was time for a review.Ill start with the good side of the game. All the faction troops are very various. I like the battle setup and the mechanics of battles. The race card of Human, Dwarf, Elf, Orcs, Undead and giants is always a neat card in games, lots of various picks is always good. In fact i can't come up with something else good.Now to the negetive stuff. The game lacks depth. they should make economics more appealing, not just upgrading territorys with one expensive click. Put a building list in the game with a example of farms,castles,mills,barracks.. and so on and so on. 70% of all races are human which is kind of boring and the are op. I know that the game contains magic, but the magic is wierd and often useless. a huge annoying thing is the map. its hard to see all the borders of empires. a better political map with colors. and i dont mean the mini-map.Im voting a thumb down on this game, because of its simplicity. I know its early-access but cmon guys... really? you could have made something more before realese. Also everything in the game looks like it was made in 1999, which is no problem really but yeah.thank you for reading."
76561198050818183,Recommended,312430,15879400,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,DecayWolf,"This review is based on beta early access, many of the following issues might be fixed as new features were promised to be included, so beware for a better game once it's released.This game is a mixing of different feeling into the baggage, I'll start with what I do like most.There's a huge amount of different factions, (32 if I'm not wrong), each one has a individual goal, behavior of gameplay and interaction, economy, units, spells, alliances. This definitely makes the game feel 'alive' and give a good immersion of interaction that's probably the best characteristic from this game. However the deep administration of the game is lacking at current stage, for example it's not possible to set taxes, to make slaves, to built your own economy.The AI always seems to give a good amount of gold from transactions, even some 'free' gold for non aggression pact, which some times they automatically break after receiving the offer and accepting the offer, leading to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with you for 'breaking the deal.' Also the AI doesn't seems to care so much if they're a minor power with small amount of provinces, and they're facing a faction which already destroyed 3 realms, managed to grown from a minor power into a great power and had the biggest amount of cities in the game, instead some times they'll declare war to get their asses beaten and give you some free land and a lot annoying time from unwanted/ unnecessary battles, but if they're pre definite to ally with someone like iron barony and khazoth, they'll do until the ending of the game or one of those factions being destroyed, so they're loyal and lore friendly on this aspect.The combat system is okish, but since the game focus way too much on this aspect (what, they want compete against rome total war, or better strategy games out there, really?), the amount of battles will eventually become too often and too pointless since the AI truly sucks terrible, and once you expand they'll declare war for no reason, because who knows what pre programmed rolling dice programs which can't do things for their own, and needs to follow a list of commands would do, not best things definitely.The sound tracks feels appropriate, I do enjoy mostly the ones from the map screen, the one to battles is also ""okish,"" they could at least add more audio into combats, however some sound effects for some units, are at least questionable, such the one for Wraith, and a few others that I've heard from my playthough.After the update from 1.3 (which I didn't get any crash) to 1.5 after defeating Handrigel, my game is crashing almost every turn, which is very annoying. Can you imagine defeat a full stack of 20 units on manual combat, then defeat another 20 units and my game crash afterwards? Those pointless battles were way too often, and being repeat is just... Unpleasant.My overall score veredict is... I see a good potential to deliver a fair good, but in my opinion they should focus more into deeper diplomatic effects and grand strategy elements, instead of focusing so much on battle genre, since there's better games out there for this purpose. I do recommend this game on this state for someone who is looking for a new strategy game and have already played most if not all popular games for the genre. If you're a new player for this genre, probably you'll find more fun into other games. I truly hope this game be successful and add missing features as a form of expansion or perhaps dlc, and continue this franchise into a sovereignty 2, with better overall elements."
,Not Recommended,312430,29706808,Posted: 4 February,all,Slav King,"this game sucks I didnt even get to see the map graphics it was all just a dark slate with a few icons, it totly sucks"
76561198000060923,Not Recommended,312430,17663042,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jim,crashes dring tutorial..cant get any further
76561198006899138,Not Recommended,312430,31709246,Posted: 12 May,all,"Decimus1932%!.<,))",Just try and trade resources in this dull game. Totally unplayable now!
76561198013808107,Not Recommended,312430,15310543,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,evolution.400,"As adictive as this title is, I can not recomend it. You'll enjoy yourself for awhile, until you realize that if you invade a kingdom completely, regardless of if it declaired war on you or not, you take a HUGE diplomatic penalty. In which, every kingdom that is not allied with you, pretty much wants you dead. Doesn't matter if the kingdom is evil, warlike, declaired war on everyone, doesn't matter. If you take their captial, be prepaired to fight everyone, and this is where the game is broke.It doesn't reward you for invading, it hurts you, in the worst way possible. I understand that, while other strategy games don't reward your efforts, they don't normally go out of their way to screw you royally either. No, no, leave the kingdom that tried to murder you alone, I'm sure THAT won't bite you in the a$$. Five turns latter, oh, it declaired war on me again... huh... Oh well."
76561197991020572,Not Recommended,312430,19969306,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mtidd,when i click play game i get an error report and the form dosn't load.
76561198006546870,Not Recommended,312430,29670949,Posted: 3 February,all,Soulless,Game doesn't even start. No matter what settings or modes you try.
76561198038354248,Recommended,312430,15279785,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Jareck!,Great game!
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,312430,29661410,Posted: 2 February,all,matty1monopoly,"How do you invade with this game? I have an army and I keep clicking on a foreign province but I get a pop up that reads ""Unit ability prevents you from moving here."" So which unit ability is? Thanks for telling me.I didn't want help. This review is my thoughts of the game. I played the game and found the features to be very unintuitive.I shouldn't have to go to a forum outside of the game to find answers, the answers should either be available from an ingame manual or the information should be more prevalent than an error pop up message that only informs you that you can't do what you want to do.I truly do sympathize with the creators of this game. I don't think they were lazy or stupid, but I do believe that they overlooked some spots that people who are unfamiliar with the mechanics of the game wouldn't know. This error pop up was not a one time issue, it occurred multiple times and is the overall experience I had with the game. Hence why my review focuses on it. Hopefully they have patched this error pop up so that now my review is only accurate to a previous version of the game."
76561197986866912,Not Recommended,312430,25116584,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WheelsDowner,"They updated the map engine and killed intel graphics capabilities (laptops) making the map black and the game unplayable.  Appears to be something the developers cannot fix as we are several versions past 1.0 and no fix has been given.  Review changed to negative.  Don't need a gaming rig for this game, it's absurd. Below is why I care./OLD Pre-release reviewMoody and pretty deep.  Nice combo of strategy and tactics.  The resource/trade/diplo system can be a bit confusing at the moment but when you play as orcs and just attack people its so much fun!  I have enough interest in the game to continue to learn that part of it and watch it grow."
