user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312530,16215673,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SWEER POTATO,"For those of you with controllers:Press B to quack.Press Left Trigger to change the pitch of your quack; the more pressure you put on Left Trigger, the higher pitched your quack will be.The more you know.Duck Game is an awesome game where a group of up to 4 ducks are pitted amongst eachother with a plethora of unique weapons. Matches are fast paced, with the only goal being ""stay alive longer than your friends"". It almost reminds me of a competetive version of Super Crate Box (the gunplay feels similar).If you're looking for a goofy game to play with some of your friends, whether locally or online, pick this game up."
,Recommended,312530,32112041,Posted: 1 June,all,RadiantChaos,"Duck Game is, quite possibly, one of the greatest games of all time.The basis of Duck Game is simple: you spawn into the map at the same time as 1-3 of your close friends, and the lot of you proceed to look for weapons to murder each other with. Once everyone else is dead, you get a point. Once someone gets 10 points, they win the round.It's a really easy game to pick up and play, yet the true entertainment in this game comes from the large variety of possible outcomes on each map. Depending on where players decide to go and which guns they like to use, each map can play out radically differently, resulting in new moments of hilarity in each gameplay session.Just when the base game gets boring, you can then head to the Steam Workshop and download a quackload of mods that give you new maps, new weapons, and new hats. Ever wanted to fight to the death with Danny Devito's beautiful mug in the background? You can. Ever wanted to wield a lightsaber in your feathered fist? You can. With new mods still getting made every week, the possibilities are truly endless.Duck Game is my go-to for laughing with friends and having a good time. I've already sunk nearly 70 hours into the game in the year or so I've owned it and I know it won't be long before I hit the 100 hour mark. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up, grab some friends, and quack it out together."
76561198275983187,Recommended,312530,32693862,Posted: 23 June,all,hearingshark72,The perfect game for when you're quacking open a cold one with the boys.
,Recommended,312530,17053372,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,tu_rtle,"I'll try to make this review as legitimate as possible without saying quack throughout the whole thing...OverwiewDuck Game is a 2D  fast paced multiplayer shooter that faces up to four ducks in a head-to-head tournament to reach the score limit, which is achieved by winning each round.CombatDuck Game has combat that results in a fast paced round almost every time you play. It features one-hit weapons that will surely finish your opponents with ease, while also leaving you to play tactically so that you dont end up victim of those who face you.There is a vast array of weaponry to take out your foes with, such as the devastating minigun, land mines, revolvers, and even bananas to make your opponents slip. Every weapon will kill you instantly if hit, unless you happen to find armor sprawled around the map.One of the most talked about features in the game is the dedicated button for quaking, which is great for many things such as taunting your opponents or breaking the silence in an awkward situation. Another great feature is the ability to ragdoll your character, which when used at the right moment may lead others to believe you are dead, giving you an advantageorleaving you vulnerable to be picked up and possibly thrown off the map or into a trap.ConclusionDuck game is well worth it's price in my opinion. Playing with friends will lead to a great time, and quite possibly an ended friendship. Overall, the game is well done and it may be one of my favorite games of this year.I rate it a 10/10, would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,34195277,Posted: 12 August,all,White bread,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack this isn't a joke this is a cry for help Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack  Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
,Recommended,312530,20917574,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Drury,"Serious review time.Duck Game is a sidescrolling 2D free-for-all multiplayer platforming shooter. A fairly complex one at that, in fact complexity is the keyword here, it's what keeps the game fresh and at the same time somewhat inaccessible, more about that later.Watching the trailer, it might seem like a complete clusterduck, and that's what it is, but it's an organized clusterduck, and it's genuinely fun. What I'm trying to say is that this isn't a gimmick game. It doesn't exist solely for youtubers to hit the quack button repeatedly (keep in mind quacking is still an integral and inseparable part of the experience). There is a reason to keep coming back to this game even after the novelty of hearing the same soundfile over and over wears off.The crux of gameplay is that you are thrown into the fray with up to 3 opponents, last one standing wins. Generally you start off with no weapons at all and you have to race to obtain them before your opponents do. Most maps are built in such a way that you have either no or very weak weapons near your spawn location, with more powerful ones placed further away, hidden in bizarre places or even locked away.When it comes to weapons themselves, as the trailer says, there is an irresponsible amount, and that's a big part of the complexity of the game. Each weapon works in a different way and to remain at least a bit competitive, you have to be able to properly use all of them, the whole irresponsible amount of them. Not talking about pro level duckgame MLG 1v1 ladder invite prem clan level, just to make it through the average casual match without dying first every single round which is barely any fun.To elaborate on the weapons, they work in somewhat eccentric ways. For instance, you have to pump pump action shotguns after shooting them, and forgetting to do so can be fatal. You might find yourself successfully throwing a grenade to find out it's not going off for some reason, then have somebody pick it up, pull the pin, then throw it back at you. Reloading muskets, blunderbusses and bazookas is a very realistic process, and can't be cancelled, making you a sitting duck (pun very intended). Chainsaws are similarly realistic in how they can be thrown to land upside-down, leaking gas on the ground - subsequently sparking a fire with the blade is a possibility. Another quirk of chainsaws is that you can ""ride"" them by laying down, holding the blade in the desired direction of travel and revving it. Most guns have finite ammo much like Hotline Miami, and empty guns disappear after being dropped.Swords however, swords work as expected. Swing it to kill a dude. Duck (hehehehe) to block. Throw with the throw key, thrown swords are just as lethal as expected. If somebody flying really fast lands at the tip of the blade, they get impaled, as expected.Then there are some outright outlandish weapons that I've never seen in any other MP game, such as mind control gun that literally allows you to take control of the victim while the trigger is pulled, a net gun that shoots, well, nets, that trap your opponents, allowing you to pick them up and throw them into hazards, or the mooninite gun (consult Aqua Teen Hunger Force for details). Then there are weapons that seem outright useless at first, such as literal nerf guns and books, but everything can be lethal if the conditions are right.All of above is just a fraction of the game's complex mechanics (not even going into said conditions when nerf guns are useful). It may all seem kind of gimmicky, but everything has a place in the game and it makes for a mostly balanced fun (mind control gun is as evil as it sounds though). The game does do a pretty good job explaining itself, though.Some people prefer to jump straight into MP, as I did, and then finding everything very confusing, counter-intuitive and generally not fun. For those of us, there is the singleplayer component. ""Singleplayer component"" might be too strong a term, it really is just a tutorial/training mode. One that will take several hours to complete, not gonna lie. It does a pretty good job explaining the monumental amount of game mechanics, though. And yet, it still does omit a fair share that you discover by playing MP, but at least it does a good job easing you into the game and allowing you to actually enjoy it online the way it was meant to be played.One thing that does a fairly good job helping you overcome the complexity is the control scheme. Putting this upfront - there's a negative review criticising the default control scheme and I have to absolutely agree, it's atrocious. I don't remember what it was before I turned it upside-down (pretty much the first thing I did in the game), but it had up arrow for jumping which confuses some people attempting to ride their chainsaws.Other than the bindings, which can be easily changed, there are some measures taken to streamline complex interactions with the game. Other than basic movement keys (jump, duck, left, right), there are five vital functions: Grab/throw, use, strafe, limp and quack. Of these, you'll be mostly using the first two (and the last one). As complex and eccentric as the game is, the control scheme is very easy and doesn't stand in the way. However due to said eccentric nature of the game, certain basic actions require a lot of keystrokes - equipping a full set of armor and a sword requires you to rapidfire grab/use (with fast fingers, it will still take less than a second).Once you get used to it, it's all about quick reflexes and making the most of your options - as you would expect out of a proper MP game. It's fast, it's complex, and the strategies being employed by skilled players can be mindboggling - one dude predicted three of us to run into a room with the flamethrower, so the clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ placed a box against the door from outside, preventing anyone to escape the fiery hell, including the guy who picked up the flamethrower (me). As we burned to death inside, he played a trumpet outside, next to a fire extinguisher.Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,312530,16196662,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sleepy,"I don't mean to ruffle your feathers, but I need you to shut the duck up for a second so I can tell you that this game is DEFINATLEY all its quacked up to be and getting this game is a flying V for Victory.Pros:+A button dedicated to quacking!+A game about ducks battling to the death, what more could you need?+Many weapons to help you do said killing!+Many maps to do said killing on!+An offline arcade mode for those who want a challenge that isn't just killing other players!+Hats, and plenty of them to wear while killing other ducks wearing hats of their own!+Up to 4 players on the same system playing against each other if you want to!+You can make your own levels to play!Cons:-None that I could find, so stop being a silly goose and get Duck Game!10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16437543,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pizza Hut™,More addictive than quack cocaine.
,Recommended,312530,17286398,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Wilza,"Absolutely amazing. PLEASE don't judge this game based on how it looks. You must try it yourself! I thought it would be terrible but a friend convinced me to try it, and I'm glad he did. I haven't had so much fun in a game in a long time."
,Recommended,312530,16753009,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hallo,"Quack quack quack, quack quack quack. Quack, quack quack quack quack; quack quack quack quack quack.Quack Quackquack quack quack quack,quack quack QUACKquack quack quack. Quack quack quack quack quack , quack.Quack QuackQuack quack quack quack quack quack, quack. Quack quack quack quack; quack. Quack quack quack quackQuack quack (quack quack!!!)quack quack.Quack Quack Quack!?Quack quack quack quack quack quack. Quack. Quack quack, ""Quack quack quack?"" Quack, quack quack quack, quack, quack quack quack.QuackQuack, quack quack quack/quack. Quack quack quack, quack quack quack.QUACK: Quack quack quack. Quack quack quack quack quack!"
,Recommended,312530,16921238,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Solid,"TL;DR = Great game. Simple and fast gameplay. Online mode is probably the best, and singleplayer could be expanded upon. Probably best to pick this game up while it's on sale.Pros:- You can quack- You can change the pitch of the quack- Good amount of weapons and hats- The game controls really well- Graphics and animations are colorful and goofy- Gameplay is quick, easy, and funCons:- There isn't anything to do other than the arcade, so no bot battles- Download region locked, meaning that there will be very few players in certain regions- Can't choose the color of your duck- It can fall flat after a while, especially if you don't have any friends to play with"
,Recommended,312530,26348205,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Danny Judas,"Every person in the world needs to own this game. It's a smart, hilarious, and deceptively simple platforming shooter. You won't stop laughing, and the skill ceiling gets so high that it could honestly be an e-sport.Quack.I have nominated this game for ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"", because of its titular use of chickens."
,Recommended,312530,17632797,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,stubar,"Frenetic and comical rounds in a multiplayer arena with ducks... wearing hats.  You can choose your hat.   If you're playing teams then you wear the same hat as your team mate.  Hats are important.Loads of different weapons and well designed arenas.  Some battles, if you blink then you will miss them.  It would be unusual for a fight to last longer than 30 seconds.The biggest factor that makes Duck Game a success is the smoothness of the gameplay and the tightness of the controls.  These mechanics are spot on.Duck game is the best game of this type I have played, no other comes close."
,Recommended,312530,30571409,Posted: 17 March,all,Quackhead,"Quack, quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack? Quack.Quack quack quack.Quack? Quack.Quack/Quack"
,Recommended,312530,32762596,Posted: 25 June,all,Totally Not Batman,"A combination of a casual 2D shooter-platformer and a competitive party game, Duck Game is serious enough for strategies on how to use different weapons to your advantage, yet casual enough for its own custom quack button."
,Recommended,312530,16291377,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ash,Worms + Quake = Quack
,Recommended,312530,33643389,Posted: 18 July,all,Ducc Lord,"so i saw a recent review and wanted to clear things up for some people since i am an expert in duck historysome people say its the great duck game war but that is falseThis game is a metaphor for the early years of World War IIt tells the tale of how many countries (or ducks) went to war because they created alliances meant to keep them safe (which is ironic considering this was the most deadly war by this point). They sent out troops one after another to face certain death. Much like how you can respawn in duck game and are sent out into an arena like battlefield where only one of them can survive, honestly the mortality rate is HIGHER than that of world war one, where around 75% of the participants face a gruesome death at the hands of fellow ducks.much like in World War one the ducks used any weapons available like flamethrowers and pistols and giga laser rifles from the planet xenon. these weapons often leave the victim completely disfigured just like in the real war, some weapons completely cook the victim turning them into a delicious thanksgiving meal, just like in the real war. often times the ducks will use any means available to end their lives, whether it be a grenade or just throwing a box up and breaking their neck.and just like how the real war seemed it never ended, in an infinite stalemate killing eachother over and over, even when it seemed their was a victor another battle would begin making the victory very short lived. honestly, in my opinion from the evidence i have seen, i would much rather be in World War I than be a duck in duck game. The makers have really brought to life the horrors of war in a disturbing way. some ducks even pretend to be dead so the other bloodthirsty ducks would leave them alone. But then the ducks would just pick them up, and jump off the infinite void ending both of their lives, just like in the real war.so yeah that was a quick history lesson and appreciation of the game makers impressive attention to detail.and if you dont find this review helpful im going to hang myself with a bunch of connected swirly straws from my sippy cup"
,Recommended,312530,16762124,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,nickNickNICK,I've never had so much fun with a game I was so terrible at
,Recommended,312530,16376341,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Infernal Machine ☠,An amazing game that everyone should play. Basically a cross between smash bros and hotline miami. Everyone dies in one hit and there are tons of crazy weapons. You are thrust into little randomised side scroller arenas and you have to kill every other player to win. first one to win a set amount of rounds wins the game. It gets pretty intense. It's the perfect party game to play with a bunch of friends.
76561198074937372,Recommended,312530,21181100,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kronald_fan.neck,"Extremely fun battle arena for friends and randos, an excellent level creator and modding scene. A challenge mode to unlock hats and cheat codes. It's easy to learn but hard to master and the skill ceilling is pretty high. The only down side is that the community is small and kind of dead. This game is amazing and deserves more praise."
,Recommended,312530,16300254,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Wheat_Grinder,"This game is good because of the quack button.It's ridiculous that something so small makes this so good, but it's true."
76561198176061846,Recommended,312530,31051885,Posted: 9 April,all,98Peanuts,"This game is one of the best, fast paced duck on duck action and it only gets better with the mods and community support.10/10 would quack again."
76561198046243937,Recommended,312530,28475232,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,IncredibleEdibleToast,"The most minimalistic version of Super Smash Bros. Melee, but everyone is a duck. Truly we have reached 19XX."
76561198057020122,Recommended,312530,16253547,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Winged Alpaca,"Anyone who has not played Duck Game is living a sad, waste  of a life. Ask yourself something: have you ever truly, and I do mean truly, experienced pure euphoria? Mahatma Ghani once said, ""Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony."" Note that he has been dead since long before Duck Game graced this Earth. Were he alive today, he would simply have said ""Happiness is when ducks are placed in arenas to fight in glorious free-for-alls with all kinds of crazy and fun weapons."" No doubt This was Ghandi's message, but English wasn't his first language. Anyway, now that we are living in the end of the Information Era and the start of the Duck Game Era, I can restate Ghandi's words in one simple phrase: ""Happiness is Duck Game."""
,Recommended,312530,28546760,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Altar,YOU CAN QUACK IN THIS GAME
76561198035747099,Recommended,312530,34641146,Posted: 31 August,all,A Filthy Casual,"memes everywhere, even the forum's admin is an annoying memedeserves a higher metacriticamazing gameimpressive workshop contributorseasy to play hard to masterwhy are we still here? just to suffer?HA!! downvoted I guess the admin found this...."
,Recommended,312530,28783892,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shadow Dee,"A party game with the danger of addiction!Handle with caution!A friend of mine told me about this game about a year ago, when it first came out.We tried it in school and after a few rounds others also showed interest. So they tried it too and just couldn't stop playing.That's where the addiction started to grow.It soon became a habit that, as soon as whether I came into the classroom and sat down or until I took my notebook out of my schoolbag, I got asked: ""Duck Game?""You could already tell, that nearly every break was used for playing Duck Game.(!) To avoid confusion (because Steam only shows 36 hours of playtime) I have to add, that we always played in offline Mode in school (Steam client is blocked to go online in our school :/ ""to avoid pupils to get distracted during lesson"" or something) and the actual playtime wasn't recorded (I'd love to know).But after a few months the premade maps got repetitive and we found out, that we could build our own.Well ... damn.So everyone, who was playing along, wanted to build his/her own map. :')Then another few months later we encountered the opportunity to make our own custom duck hats.... oh my gosh :PEveryone wanted to have/make their own hat(s). :'')(btw) If you want to make yourself some custom hats, check this out:quackhead.htmlIt was a hard time for me as I soon had no time in the breaks (and also in some lessons!) to use my notebook for own purposes, like research, checking my mails or just social networks and surfing.So I started to resist the requests what didn't work that well at the beginning, but I managed to put an end to the addiction of Duck Game in May/June 2016. Not an easy task to accomplish.So that's my story about Duck Game.Now to the actual reviewGeneral informationDuck Game is a local/online multiplayer arena platformer for up to four players, featuring deathmatch, team deathmatch and single-player challenges, a map-editor and a variety of hats to be activated/discovered and mods to be purchased by in-game credits.And this game was created by one man, Landon Podbielski.GameplayThere's a wide range of weapons in the game which are spread on the maps and you have to pick them up. But no map features every weapon (except you build your own map where you place every type) so you also have to be able to use any weapon in any situation. All projectiles from firearms and every single swing from a melee weapon are a one-hit-kill. The different types of weapons only differ from the range, the speed and the spread of the bullet(s)/edges. It features very fast paced movement, you're able to swim, glide, slide and pretend to be dead (ragdoll mode). And you can quack!GraphicsThis game runs on 1080p at smooth 60fps and features a lovely retro-arcade pixel shading.And all the assets, sprites, whatsoever are created by hand by Landon Podbielski, the one-man developer team behind Duck Game.ExtrasAs already mentioned there are two ways to customize your Duck Game experience:Mapeditorcustom hatsThe mapeditor simply lets you build your own maps with all objects, weapons and decorations available.You can also upload your maps to the Steam workshop.And of course the possibility to create your very own hat. Therefore you'll need a software which allows you to draw pixels and export to PNG file like Photoshop orPaint.netand the template from this sitequackheadIt's in InstructionsConclusion and RatingIf you have friends and want to challenge them but all the other games get old, get yourself a copy of Duck Game.You can fight in deathmatch, teamdeathmatch or unfair (a team of three against one). Also there are no rules except the last survivor in a round gets +1 point, but you could also play where one with the least amount of points is the winner ;)And if you don't have friends ... well the single-player challenges are cool?No seriously, this is a multiplayer experience.Criteriapt/100Gameplay90Graphics80Extras70Entertainment100In Extras I also included the single-player challenges.Overall a solid 85/100Thank you for reading the whole review.If you found this review helpful make sure to check the thumb's up.If you have any questions feel free to leave a comment.Cheers :)"
76561198082438220,Recommended,312530,20158107,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"""It's like Smash Bro's on quack.""1.)  Launched Duck Game2.)  Pressed start to begin. (XBox Controller)3.)  Pressed B to Quack4.)  Pressed B to Quack5.)  Pressed B to Quack6.)  Exited Game10/10No need to explore this masterpiece any further.EDIT:Upon further review, pressing the left trigger down with pressing B will change the pitch of your quacks for a more robust means of communication."
,Recommended,312530,16500366,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,StaySkeptic,"DISCLAIMER: THIS IS NOT A CRITIQUE OR MEANT TO BE WELL WRITTEN/ENTERTAINING REVIEW, IT""S JUST ME EXPLAINING AND RECCOMENDING IT.Duck Game is an Ouya game ported to Steam, published by Adultswim. It's a 4 player sideview 2d Deathmatch game. 2 vs 2 is also possible. Similar to towerfall, players die in one hit and then go to the next level when everyone is dead.First when starting it up you'll notice the great sega genesis style soundtrack.Second, you'll notice presenation is great. For example the main menu is navigated by actually walking to the options, and it is a nice looking menu.When you start the game, you'll be thrown into a little waiting lobby that also explains the controls. You can change your profile here, and pick what hat you want to wear. You have to destroy the glass next to you to step into a beam and start floating in it. When you get into the beam you can either find a multiplayer game or play or, play the single player arcade missions. If another person is there, you can play locally instead.The gameplay of Duck Game is simple. 4 people get thrown into a level, and in that level weapons and items are scattered throughout the map quake style, or hidden in blocks which you have to jump into like in Mario. The objective is ofcourse to kill eachother with these weapons. Everything is a one hit kill. When everyone is dead the person who survives gets a point and the next map loads. When 1 person has 10 points the game ends. The controls are simple. You move with the directional keys, and you have a jump and a shoot button. If you press down you can slide, which you can use to slide under small places. Unique to Duck Game is a dedicated button to pick the weapons up. When weapons or items are picked up, the player can throw them with the same button. These throwing physics are very well implemented. The movement speed is fast, and you're in pretty much full control of your jumps. If you jump and let go of the right or left button you'll almost immidiately fall. If you jump, and hold the jump button in mid air you'll slowly descent to the ground. There's also a feign death button, not sure what it's for but it's nice.Oh, and there's a dedicated quack button, to, well, just make a quack sound.The game is fast paced, chaotic fun. It's very easy to pick up and play. There's always funny moments to be had. People accidentally suiciding in the most stupid way right after winning and thus not awarded a point for example.Most weapons are bullet based, and have a bit of a random spread. You also often can't see the ammo you have left. With some guns there's knockback, which gets higher when you crouch. They kind of work like incredibly fast projectiles, and the range varies. What you'll notice is that seemingly, you can only shoot sideways. On the surface it seems like Duck Game has no depth to it and is just casual fun. However, when playing for a while you'll notice there's quite a few things to get good at. First of all, many weapons have their own unique little quirks. A small thing is that many weapons require the button to be pressed again to for example eject shells before they can be shot again. You can mostly just shoot left and right, but aiming can actually be more skillfull then you think for a 2d game like this. You can walk through enemies, and when standing in an enemy the gun often can't hit that person, which happens a lot because of the fast movement. When you throw a weapon hard enough at your enemy, the enemy's weapon drops.When you jump and hold down the jump button in mid air, not only will you slowly descent, but your weapon will point upwards, so you actually can shoot up. Not only can you do this, but you can actually shoot up diagonally. Since the gun doesn't point up immidiately, if hold the jump button and almost immidiately press the shoot button right after, you'll shoot diagonally.The revolver has kickback, so if you keep shooting you can shoot diagonally with the recoil.For the grenades you press the shoot button to take the pin off, and then you can throw it in any direction with the other button, and the physics (and the ease of killing yourself) of it make it a skillful weapon to use.The grenade launcher not just arcs and then explodes on contact, but when you hold it down it goes up, so you can aim it. The longer you hold the button the more upward it aims.The chainsaw has to be activated by pressing shoot twice, and after, you can do all kinds of crazy movements with it.With the hammer you can also effect your movement but in a different way, and since it's heavy you can kill someone by dropping it.There's an net gun that has a fast arcing projectile which traps your enemy, and then you can pick your enemy up and throw him out of the map.There's a flamethrower and flame gun that can be extinguished by fire extinguishers, and the nerf gun ammunition catches on fire when shot at the flamethrower.And there's more. 2 shotguns (with 1 you can see your ammo left on the gun itself), a few pistol's,  a minigun, a sword you can also throw kill people with (and slash downwards in the air), lasers that bounce off of walls, a small laser gun you can charge up, a gun you can charge up for a HUGE laser, the mooninites gun from Aqua Teen Hunger force that shoots a really slow moving square and has a big knockback effect when shot, a magnet gun to push people off the map, a gun that turns people into you, a rocket launcher that destroys terrain, a sniper rifle, a rifle with a really long reload time, some thing powerful that I forgot, a flaregun, mines, an uzi type thing and an earthworm jim type gun, and a suicide gun. I think I got most of them. There's enough vereity in weapons to be had here, although I'd love there to be more interesting projectile weapons.Aside from weapons, There's sometimes jetpacks and grappling hooks to find for movement, and there's body armor, a helmet and shoes(against spikes).as far as the levels themselves go, you can pick up blocks in certain levels that you can use to drop on people's heads. There's other blocks you can use to block doors with. There's keys you can pick up to open certain doors with better weapons. There's hazards such as spikes. There's oil drums you can shoot to make all the oil come out. There's windows that can be broken open when pressing down or shooting on them. In a few levels there's teleporters you can actually shoot in and the nyour bullets come out of the other portal. What's cool is that there's a level editor, but an issue is that you can't play these online yet. Otherwise there's some crashes, and there's no game browser to speak of, only automatic matchmaking.The singleplayer arcade missions are not that special, but they're a nice addition. Some of them are pretty fun. They're missions such as shoot as many targets as you can in a certain amount of time, or finish an obstacle course as quickly as possible, etc. You can either get a bronze, silver, golden or blue medal, and the better the medal the more tickets you get to spend on a few gameplay modifiers and hats.Duck Game is not as competetive as something such as Towerfall but it does have a good skill ceiling, despite it at first glance seeming like it lacks depth. If you like games like Towerfall, Super Mario War and Samurai Gunn, be sure to give this one a try, especially since it has online multiplayer."
,Recommended,312530,31958201,Posted: 25 May,all,meownips,my wife and i used to play this game for hours. she left me bc i always won10/10 would beat my wife again
,Recommended,312530,26911661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,'Ebraheem,Game designed for laughs
,Recommended,312530,32308350,Posted: 9 June,all,King♣Kobold,"Fast paced, tight controls, a fist full of rad weaponry and enough hats to make Team Fortress 2 players blush. Buy Duck Game right now, grab your controller, grab a friend, pick your hat and make some feathers fly."
76561198128617023,Recommended,312530,34367811,Posted: 20 August,all,Yuu.Otk,"I mean, it's a pretty good game and all. It truely improves the friendship between me and my friends a lot. There was that one day, when I played a full series with some of my best friends. They flew across the world to see me just thirteen hours after the game. I can never forget that moment when we meet outside my doors, and even thinking about the day overwhelms me with excitement that I can hardly control my wheelchair properly."
76561198272565047,Recommended,312530,31428702,Posted: 28 April,all,andykin6,Hilarious and Great more realistic than rainbow six siege.
,Recommended,312530,32937607,Posted: 28 June,all,Trailer Drake,"This has become my go to local multiplayer game for parties.  Dedicated quack button, insane weapons and levels, a huge selection of wearable hats, and a thriving mod community help make this title truly something great!"
,Recommended,312530,31019888,Posted: 8 April,all,DuckTheCow,"Quack!Duck Game is a side-on pixel art local and online multiplayer shooter where you can win by preaching to opponents. Duck Game has a vast arsenal of lethal and non-lethal weapons ranging from fire extinguishers to bazookas to suicide pistols, not to mention any guns you mod in. Duck Game has a variety of pre-built maps that are well designed and enjoyable to play and learn, there is also the ability to turn on random maps that are procedurally generated, but these can end up with unfair spawns and can get rather boring. There is also a singleplayer mode that is based around challenges using a certain mechanic from the game, these can be fun and frustrating but also sometimes a bit lacklustre and not a reason to buy the game. By completing these challenges you get points than can be used to unlock modifiers and hats from the shop. After a while the maps, hats and weapons in the game can get boring and lack the variety they originally had, this is where the workshop comes in. The workshop for this game is consistently active with new hats, weapons and maps being added daily so you can keep your game fresh every time you play. You can also add to the workshop by using the built-in map editor, it can be a bit fiddly but is overall OK.Pros:Wonderful collection of hatsWell designed mapsWell made weaponsActive workshop community and good mod integrationGreat art styleCrashes are extremely rare/non-existentWide range of options for multiplayer gamesExtremely good ""Quack!"" noiseCons:Lacklustre singleplayerPre-made maps can get boring after a whileMost maps use lots of the same weapons making some of the more fun weapons very infrequentMap editor can be fiddlyCan work with 2 players but is better with 3 or 4Summary:Duck Game is a fun and fast paced action game that is great for a group of friends to play either on the couch or over the internet. It is very well made but can get boring after a while though it can be refreshed easily with the wide range of high quality and easy to access content on the workshop. It is only majorly let down by the singleplayer aspect of it and that isn't even too bad. Overall I would highly recommend Duck Game to you if you are looking for a game to play with 3 or 4 friends, but if your looking for a great singleplayer experience you won't find it here."
76561198029230299,Recommended,312530,27069882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LycanTrooper,"A shooter platformer and a damn fine one at that!Duck game is one of those games where you could say the Devs thought about everything.If you grab some friends you can dive into the main game of fast paced deathmatches on a variety of maps with both gimmicks and balanced designs in mind. If you somehow get bored of those, you are covered by a very intuitive level editor as well as the steam workshop where you can get content ranging from maps to weapons, hats and stuff like that.Locally and over the internet, it supports a wide number of controllers and it's really simple to set up games and customize to your liking in many ways.Alone? Not a problem really, single player challenges and the level editor can keep you busy. The single player portion of the game can teach you a ton about the mechanics and also make you practice some skills that will be useful for multiplayer, you can even unlock cosmetics and mutators too.Gameplay wise the game really shines on both it's vanilla map design and weapons, you are sometimes forced to be creative and even stylish with the way you use them and will always keep learning new mechanics and intricacies that can add some really satisfying depth to the combat.In terms of movement  nothing is ever wasted in this game. Ducks are nimble and control superbly. You can hold the jump button after a jump to flutter (Which also makes you aim diagonally and then up in just a few frames, keep that in mind :>) Ragdolling makes you gain some more momentum for those high jumps you thought impossible, you can slide while running to break windows as well as dodge bullets.Pretty much every movement option in this game has at least a couple of uses that may not be apparent at first glance.With a few exceptions, the weapons of Duck game will kill you in one shot and since the game is a platformer. Every player can see each other and when fights are not mayhem and explosions at break-neck speeds, they can turn into tense mind games and some amazing plays. Or comical accidents that will be rewarding anyway.When you think of aesthetics Duck Game is impeccable with it's Genesis inspired soundtrack and clean pixel art which looks nice and is easy to understand even with the game's frantic pace, If i needed to describe the songs and atmosphere in a more subjctive way. I would say they feel like summers when you were young. They are some catchy tunes with a care-free attitude as well as adrenaline pumping songs that will accompany any situations with ease and really fit the personality and charm the game has.Overall I think this game can be an amazing experience for anyone and even more so in groups, games don't take too long and never really get frustrating or boring, it can be addicting and is such a joy to pick up. It's just one of those timeless games that you will probably remember some years later and have fun the same way you did when you started.I highly recommend this game and wish you all good luck and good hunting!"
,Recommended,312530,23640412,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,air,Quack Quack Quack. Quack Quack Quack Quack. Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack. Quack/Quack.
,Recommended,312530,25211776,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ImDaBanana,"Duck Game is a quacking hilarious fast paced 2d platformer duck fight simulator.Better than games as Minequack, CS:Quack, Quack Fortress 2, No Duck's Sky and Quack of Duty.+ Level Editor+ Have a great time with up to 3 friends!+ Beautiful graphics (I had to overquack my 1080 to play this game 60 QPS*)+ Play aquackquick match to 5 wins, or a long one to up to 100!+ Huge workshop with near unlimited maps+ Singleplayer challenges+ Overall good community~ Some people are less fun (shouldn't be too big of a deal)Overall i rate this game 10/9*QPS = Quacks Per Second"
,Recommended,312530,16287043,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Reaper,If you have 4 friends and voice chat of some kind then this game is hours of fun while the single player is lacking it is still fun on its own
,Recommended,312530,21308204,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,One Fish Two Fish,"My experinces in Duck Gmae includes:-So many explosions that my game lagged out until I closed Duck game-Me being called a hacker for shooting someone with a pistol at maximum range-When playing on teams, each team accidentaly sacrificied each of their ducks-Ducks being corpse lauched in every round-A duck made my dead body a gravestone by reading the bible next to me-Ducks only using golden nerf guns-Ducks doing tricks with swords-Ducks burning to death because one duck thought it would be a good idea to pile roman candles in one massive pile, then light that massize pile on fire.-Killing ducks with nothing but a rock-I found out there are mods, and I scream so loud that I was told by my neighbors to shut up.10/10 would be yelled at again."
,Recommended,312530,22719347,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Petralicious,I have more hours in this game from the free weekend than in quite a lot of my other games.That says everything.Quack outta ten.
,Recommended,312530,34787918,Posted: 6 September,all,A big bowl of chili,duck game will be the next big esport just watch
,Recommended,312530,32092665,Posted: 31 May,all,🎃Orange🎃,What does one say about a game about ducks with combat based gameplay? It's amazing! One thing I immediately like is how the game takes itself seriously (unlike Goat Simulator) and plays up the duck idea of the game. The game is multiplayer based which adds to the overall experience. The weapons themselves are fun to use and MOST of the stages are fun (there's a few stinkers in there). The soundtrack is pretty good but make sure you set your volume down when you first open the game or else bad things will happen to you. I recommend this to anyone who has friends who play this to hop on and have a good time.
,Recommended,312530,29127553,Posted: 8 January,all,Plank,quack
,Recommended,312530,23020117,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Athyz,Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack.
76561198093890149,Recommended,312530,23393178,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sadistic Biscuit,"The trailer says all really, it's duck's beating the hell out of each other. There's a variety of different weapons and maps to keep the game fresh although after you play it for hours you end up seeing the same maps over and over again; this is why there's a level editor. The gameplay caters to two crowds: Those that want to have fun playing the game with friends and those who want to play competitively. There's a slew of strategies that the community has found that aren't necessary to enjoy the game but are there for those who want to be the best duck.All in all it's a pretty solid title."
,Recommended,312530,34220629,Posted: 13 August,all,Çhara,quack
,Recommended,312530,16382028,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Paril,"Needs more people. With full Workshop and most likely mods coming within a few weeks, this thing needs more people!"
,Recommended,312530,16278490,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Duck GameI absolutely love local coop games and inviting friends over and yelling at the TV.  This is a local coop game online.  Everyone on the same screen quacking away.  I have played with some friends over Skype and it was a blast!  The controls are very tight and it surprisingly has quite a bit of skill involved.  I first heard about it from ""Total Biscuit"", he normally is very cynical and skeptical when reviewing a game but for the first time ever I saw him just having a grand old time and laughing.  I knew, I had to get this game.  So much fun and the quacking never gets old.  There is actually a dedicated ""quack"" button.  It may look like a little timewaster and people are going to say that ""It's too expensive"" and what not but IMO no, it's not.  I have only played a few hours so far and I know I'll be spending ALOT more.Now, get QUACKIN'!"
76561198090420115,Recommended,312530,33645031,Posted: 18 July,all,Banana Fever,You can be a refrigerator. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,17577846,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,衬酸i,"这游戏非常值得买，不要问我怎么知道这款游戏，百度逆风笑，你什么都知道~这款游戏非常欢乐AND逗比，开黑是非常好玩的。玩家们分别扮演鸭子来攻击敌人，也可以选一样的帽子进行组队，并肩作战。如果最近不知道玩什么游戏，非常推荐你玩这个游戏，再让你的基友买下这个游戏，如果你是壕的话，赶紧入了这游戏，再送给你的基友。一起欢乐的对抗吧~~~~~~~~~~~也随时欢迎加我好友，和我一起玩= =（This game is very worth buying, don't ask me how do you know the game, baidu wind laugh, you know everything ~ this game is very happy AND funny than, black is very fun. Players play ducks to attack the enemy, also can choose the same hat for a team, fight together. If you don't know what sort of games recently, highly recommend you play the game, and let your gay friends to buy the game, if you are in, to go into the game, then send to you the gay friends. Joyous fight together ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ also welcome to add my friends, play with me = =）英语不好，有可能有差错，希望大神告诉我下哪里错了OVOBY:zhugedada"
76561198088591387,Recommended,312530,24787157,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bigyum #Johnmallardforchristmas,"Quack once, then it's impossible to stop quacking.Play this game once with a good custom map, never be able to stop playing the game.10/10 quacks."
,Recommended,312530,25018540,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SchrimPanzer,Absolutely hillarious party game.Full of quirky/deadly/useless weapons and surprising/confusing/brilliant level design.And hats!
,Recommended,312530,31419019,Posted: 28 April,all,M3gadeuce,"This game is really fun, especially in multiplayer. Has a silliness smash vibe to it. However, I can see some people getting a bit bored after awhile because a lot of levels and weapons do end up being the same. That being said, I think for this game to really last you, you have to get used to putting mods into this game. You can mod hats, levels etc. If you do that, then the game will really last you imo.Using steam workshop for this game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,312530,28567408,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RocoTropa,I kindahatemy friends now10/10
76561198074463524,Recommended,312530,29940664,Posted: 15 February,all,nerdynarwhals,You are duckMeet other ducksOther ducks are enemyTry and kill other ducks using a large variety of weaponsQuack at their corpsesHatsSo many hatsPlus Steam Workshop supportAnd you getOne of the most fun games I've ever playedButThe one con in my opinionThe community can be extremely friggin toxic.
,Recommended,312530,23708083,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FMS_Cat,Quack is most useful function in the game history ever
76561197960890415,Recommended,312530,25647228,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,g00bli,"I have many more hours of play on others systems. This is an amazing party game,- The controls are tight- Easy to learn, hard to master- Every weapon and item serves a purpose. (Even if that purpose is to make a fool of you)- Skill will usually win yet dumb luck and chaos will ensure fun for all.- You can play dead and use corpses as weapons- Failure is harsh but amusingy fair- Seat of your pants face offs are deliciously common- Not only is there a dedicated quack button.. you can pitch the quackOn the down side, I'm not playing it right this second.PS I also reported a bug to the dev that i knew was part of an unusual config on my machine. Not sure it actually got fixed but greatly appreciated a response and engagement."
,Recommended,312530,16216504,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,#FuckAlice,"This game is great! It's perfect for when you need a quick blast of multiplayer action. Join your friends for even more chaotic multiplayer action where you scream at each other ""HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DID YOU KILL ME THIS IS SUCH BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ""HOLY ♥♥♥♥ HOW DID WE KILL EACH OTHER!""."
76561198080479489,Recommended,312530,26617545,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Melonchief,THE BEST GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!!!
,Recommended,312530,30378057,Posted: 7 March,all,TJ,"Feeling like you want to play something but nothing looks good in your library?  Can't quite get into solo narrative titles or other multiplayer products anymore?  Need something casual, but engaging?  This game is the answer to all those feelings.  As I get older I feel I'm losing interest in video games but this one keeps bringing me back and it's always satisfying.Simple, great arcade-y fun.  Get friends together and quack for victory as you blast the hell out of each other.  And with the surplus of custom content constantly being added to the Workshop, the replay value never diminishes.  Easy controls, but not devoid of tech either.  Great couch party title for people looking for something simple to pick up and play.Will say however this game shines brightest when you're playing with friends, not so much with randos or doing the single player stuff."
,Recommended,312530,23980783,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pineapplekitty,"The saxophones are the most dangerous weapons, watch out."
76561198073253172,Recommended,312530,32737447,Posted: 24 June,all,JoseContrCL,The funiest game to play with friends since Melee
,Recommended,312530,29213136,Posted: 12 January,all,Peksi Sarvinen,"I lost a round. I laughed, because the manner in which I lost it was both fair and hilarious. Then the person who won picked my corpse up from the ground, and started tapping the down key rapidly, which made it look like he was having his way with me, which made the beer I had in my mouth come flying out, all over my controller and keyboard.Fast, fun and entirely skill based. Fully recommend."
,Recommended,312530,30253543,Posted: 28 February,all,Kettle Cooked,This game has sucked all meaning out of my life. Very fun 8.5/10 would recommend
,Recommended,312530,30784607,Posted: 27 March,all,Cohagen,"This game is awesome.  The one or two times my friends and I sat around the screen to play we had an absolute blast, laughing maniacally at the crazy kills we'd pulled off on one another.  I'd love to play it more.  At such a low price point it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,312530,19983596,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,killa beez,"olny played fro a few hour//Online is fun with friends. The game is best local multiplayer. Online itself is sort of empty when it's not a sale week. That means that if you're a new player on a regular day, you would probably get sick of getting destroyed all the time for a while.Arcade mode is perfect. It's a good way to learn how to play at first. Then when you get the hang of it, go for the highest metals for a good challenge.The workshop community is filled with content for you to have fun. It's easy to create your own maps and such.The community as a whole gets annoying sometimes. There's a lot of 13 year olds who cover their profiles with ducks and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Almost half the time I'm in a lobby there's one of thoes that complain about whatever happens.For a price of 12.99, it's definitely worth the purchase if you're into these kind of games. Especially on sale or on marketplace websites."
,Recommended,312530,34668785,Posted: 1 September,all,Sam,"I have 200+ games, and yet this is both one of my most played and most regularly played games. Absolutely amazing and fun game with tons of replay value. The fact that you can make your own hats and maps and share with others is also a huge feature that me and my friend couldn't appreciate more. We can create our favorite characters and duke it out in custom-made battle arenas - never gets old!Entirely worth the asking price if you have a friend to play with and like making your own maps/hats."
,Recommended,312530,22356325,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ti Rone - stidler.com,Quack Quack! One of the greatest games of our time.
,Recommended,312530,22292082,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Spooky Schultz,"First of all I just need to say that I absolutely love this game. The game is really fun especially with friends.Pros:-Funny Hats-Funny Glitches (Not game breaking, don't worry)-Level Creator-Basically everything elseCons:-Arcade mode is very difficult (Can be pro or con)Overall, I think you will enjoy this game a lot. Just get a few friends and voice chat and you will have hours of fun."
,Recommended,312530,22798303,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,LombaXShade,I tried this game out on the free weekend and i really like it.The gameplay the Ducks and the guns everything is coming along very neat and very good.I really like'd to say  Quack too many freakin time's when i played itThis game should need more people!!.P.S Quack!!!!!.10/10
,Recommended,312530,19961177,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,">suggests to friend that we should get this game>he says it's stupid and that it doesn't look fun>I convince him to play it with me if I buy it for him>I buy it for the both of us>We launch the game and he instantly starts playing it to learn the controls>We play the game for an hour and was laughing all through it>only stopped playing because it was 11 at night and we were both hella tired.10/10 would create a better friendship againEdit: Our friendship was ruined because he only wants to play Who's Your Daddy now, but it's still a fun game to play."
,Recommended,312530,25873920,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fluury,"Duck Game is one of those Games that I can boot up whenever I feel like it - play it for a while - and actually leave with a smile. Not many Multiplayer games do that, since you are likely to get salty.You could best describe it as a mix of Wario Ware and Smash Bros. - Every round, you are put in a new Arena which is either by default in the game, made by you, made by some scrub over at the steam workshop, or maybe even randomly generated - there players are spawned and left on their own - the objective of each Map is to be the last Duck alive - and this can be achieved in many different ways. Maybe you'll tactically wait for the Ducks to kill themselves, and leave the small fry for you to sweep off. Maybe you'll take advantage of the Map-Dynamics. When a round is done, the winning Duck gets a point, and off to the next Round - all of this happens in a rather rapid speed - like the game itself.Expect Madness - and a hole lot to learn!However, Duck Game manages to make deaths rather amusing  - and not only that, but most of the time, Deaths are your own fault.The game offers something for both a Casual audience which just wants a fun party game to play with friends through Fun weapons, Maps and RNG to keep stuff lighthearted, while not leaving the competitive audience empty handed, through the insane skill ceiling available in both weapon-usage, movement, but also just general knowledge of mechanics.But let's go over a quick Summary of pros and cons :+ Good Soundtrack+ Both Multiplayer(Available Online and locally) and Singleplayer-Challenge mode*+ Level Editor+ Fun and fast paced Gameplay+ Lighthearted atmosphere keeps things amusing, rather than salty.+ A giant variety of Weapons and different ways to kill enemies.+ Upcoming Level-System will add a much needed layer of progression.+ Dev is a cutie.Neutral :- Fast paced Gameplay may not be something for everyone - there is a lot of stuff going on, and some might bemild and weakoverwhelmed, and thus can't keep up.- Amount of Default Maps is rather limited, and finding good custom ones can be difficult since the entire Workshop is basically ""Baby's first map""If you want good maps check out mine B-)- Price might be too high for some people.- *The Singleplayer is NOT THE MAIN MEAT OF THE GAME - It's a challenge mode to get used to the mechanics and Unlock extra stuff.Negative :- Depending on where you live and your Region, MP can be dead on times since the Playerbase is not the largest - however, from my experience as a filthy germ, there are most of the times 5 active Servers of Players around in Europe - for more stats, check our Steamspy.- Some Maps are not really fun, and there has yet to be a way to remove them.- You are sometimes going to meet ""the lagger"" in a game, you know the one, someone who is trying to play Duck Game in Africa through WW2 Internet.Overall, I recommend getting a group of friends to play this game with to get the maximum fun out of it, as playing with Randoms is, while still enjoyable, just a downgraded experience.There is also an Update coming out soon™ adding lots of new Stuff which would just make this game more seducing for players.Updated so the game gets a chance in the ""I knew it before it was cool"" Award space."
,Recommended,312530,17126712,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ArmyteCel,"It's definetly worth it.Pros:+Quack button included+Multiplayer mode and it's action+The soundtrack of the game+Hats (because you know, every modern era games need hats obviously)+Shop and challenges (and that TV from the game's screenshots)Cons:-Does not have enough ""YATATA"" action like in the trailer-The hitboxesOverall: 9/10 - Again, it's definetly worth it. Ducks in QUACKtion (hehe puns), etc. I'd actually recommend buying this."
,Recommended,312530,16332754,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GrandpaWorm,"At first glance, this might look like an average 2d shooter with pixel graphics (not hard to find such games, right?). However after a couple of rounds of the Duck Game, you will probably realize, that you have just found a diamond in a pile of coal.The game is very easy to pickup, but that doesn't mean it is basic. You can:slide under rockets,set rooms on fire,throw swords at other ducks,DUCK,leap around maps with ninja rope (just like in Worms Armageddon),convert other ducks to your side (Wololo),QUACK,mind control ducks and make them jump of a cliff....the list goes onMultiplayer is THE gamemode, however singleplayer challenges will help you pickup flashy moves like grinding the floor with chainsaw to move faster, or utilizing guns to jump higher and further.Also it has hats."
,Recommended,312530,16801651,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BOOster,"Awesome game. More fun with friends, but the online with random people works well too. The singleplayer is kind of okay, but it does help you learn how a couple things work and improve to make it easier to play the actual game. The multiplayer is hilarious and fun, and it's just fun. Well worth the 13 dollars."
,Recommended,312530,29082762,Posted: 7 January,all,Lionmetalist,"I decided to buy this game sometime in May last year because it was on sale and that is when I saw it for the first time. I was sceptical that it was going to get boring after the first few hours or that it was not going to be fun at all, but it turned out to be my best 5€ purchase ever and one of my best purchases in general. This is literally the game I have been the most addicted to and the second best gaming experience I have ever had (right after my experience playing TF2 and R6S).The game is simple and easy to pick up, but if you're addicted like me and play it that  much, you will come to the realisation that there are always new tricks to learn, from the different strategies you can use on each of the original maps, to learning how to shoot diagonally upward and downwards, jumping 5 and 6 blocks of height (you usually jump 3 or 4), learn all the exploits and glitches in the game, learn how to play the instruments and become really good with the timing of the grenades.It really is a silly game that most people wouldn't dig deep into and would just play to mess around, but trust me, there is much more fun stuff to do besides the core gameplay, you can even play tennis by reflecting a quad laser with a sword!  It has two really convenient options: the quack button (that you use to be a jerk and taunt people) and the ragdoll mode (you use it to act like you're dead, but it's really useful when it gets to mobility stuff since you can jump higher or escape from some nasty situations).What else can I say about it, it's brilliant and it's super addictive and fun, I don't think that anyone would regret buying this piece of art, it doesn't matter whether they are going to get really into it or just play it for a few hours with friends when they are bored. If you get bored from the original maps,  there are a plenty of community made maps and mods, so it will always feel fresh, whatever you do!Should you wait for a sale or no? Personally, I think that this game is worth every single cent of the original price, but if you are not sure whether you're gonna love it or not, wait until it's on sale.TL;DR: Duck Game is one of the most fun games to play with friends or not, it has lovely pixel graphics, amazing community ( I have made friends with loads of amazing people), a nice single player challenge mode, AMAZING multiplayer, it's easy to pick up but the skill ledge is really high and the possibilities are endless,  there are a lot of really nice community made maps that you can play if you get bored of the original ones and most of all, the game is hilariously silly and ridiculous. It's a must-buy in my opinion and an experience that everybody would enjoy.10/10 Would get mad at my friends, annally♥♥♥♥♥♥them and then proceed to throw them in a pit full of spikes just to watch them die and bounce up and down again.Srslsy though, there are a lot of other savage ways to kill your fellow ducks."
,Recommended,312530,34232805,Posted: 14 August,all,DogeWorld,"At the time of my purchase of Duck Game, it was on sale for £4.99. I have played this game with multiple friends and I loved it, the gameplay is simple yet seems unique. Its chaotic crazy and provides lots of comedic moments whilst playing. The game is easy to learn and then hard to master as the better you get at it, the faster the pace of the game gets. I could imagine after about 100 hours the base game would become uninteresting, yet this issue is solved easily. The devs have given mod support for it, well its more like a creator, so you can acees thousands of hats, skins and of course, maps from the steam workshop. Its also a great couch-co op, at a party or if you have some friends over, to play a couple of rounds.I would definitely reccomend this to everyone!"
,Recommended,312530,16297513,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,youtube.com/watch?v=QzCyF0lrioc,"Very Silly, Very FunQuacking Good Time"
,Recommended,312530,28805619,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lentil soup,Paid £49.99 for Battlefield 1.  Paid £5.99 for Duck Game.  7 hours of meh in Battlefield.  30+ hours of awesome in Duck Game.  Buy this game.  Whether you are playing with friends or lonewolfing its amazing and the community is fantastic.  You can♥♥♥♥♥♥around or play competitively (although I've only won 5 games) and still have a blast!  Be sure to go on the Workshop and download custom maps.  Also learning to drum in this game is very rewarding I would recommend investing lots of time practicing this.10/10
,Recommended,312530,26147151,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ian Beale,quack
,Recommended,312530,22871849,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Boxa,"Oh, Duck Game, this game is insane! A lot of fun.You'll definitely want to play it with friends, and you'll have a lot of fun. I recommend using an online voice service, like teamspeak, so you can appreciate it better. The servers are pretty good also.But, even if you don't have that many friends to play, this game will be fun. It is simple to learn and a little hard to master, also, you have a great arcade system with some challenges that will take a lot of your time.You can see how a game is amazing when they make the game design so good like this one. You may be thrown into the lobby room and you'll instantly learn the basics of the game before you even play the game by ""playing"" the lobby room. They did a pretty good job in this one.A lot of death is needed to get good. But you will see the time passing and will love itThe only thing that I think they should improve is the amount of players. It would be fun to see more players, since some stages are really big.I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,312530,16464637,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pidorochev,"Life is like a hurricaneHere in Duck GameRacecars, lasers, airplanesIt's a Duck GameMight solve a mysteryOr rewrite historyDuck Game ooh-woo-oohEveryday they're out there makingDuck Game ooh-woo-oohGames of derring-do Bad and good luck talesD-d-d dangerWatch behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab onto someDuck Game ooh-woo-oohEveryday they're out there makingDuck Game ooh-woo-oohTales of derring-do Bad and good luck gamesOoh-woo-ooh Not pony games or cotten games,noDuck Game ooh-woo-ooh"
,Recommended,312530,16261547,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,riz,"This game is awesome. It is a murderous duck rampage.Things happened in-game/multiplayer.Used flamethrower.Everyone was on fire, turned into a duck buffet.I watched and I quacked.Used mind control weapon.Made a duck shoot himself with a net-weapon.I threw him away like trash.Sword fight.Threw my sword, killed two ducks in one go.Don't let the innocent pixelated-art appearance fool you.This game is top-fun.Do I have to say more? BUY IT."
76561198043838469,Recommended,312530,34723138,Posted: 3 September,all,|?|,"Fantastic fast pace arena combat. This game is the best possible expression of the genre, with an amazing level of polish and fun features. Yes there is a dedicated button for quacking. Yes, you can shift the pitch of the quack with analog trigger. Yes you can use these same controls to play a saxophone, trombone. Even losing is hilariously fun. Tons of nods to retro gaming.One of the greatest games of all time, it's hard to think of how this game could improve on the concept."
76561198201130631,Recommended,312530,30644083,Posted: 20 March,all,Shallow Shark,764 hours logged on this game. It's only OK.
,Recommended,312530,25063612,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zeor,A fast-paced online party game pretty much guaranteed to be a hilarious good time. Doesn't take itself too seriously. Many matches devolve into hijinks of some sort. This is a good thing.
,Recommended,312530,25917821,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Duck Game is a work of art. The superb way every attack forces you to calculate quacks perfectly, the many varied guns with tens of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, shooter game, and party game of 2015."
76561198060702821,Recommended,312530,23842875,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,prpl_mage,"Quacktastic!Ugh, puns. Still a very straight forward game that is easy to get into, skills comes handy later. But can be picked up by pretty much anyone who grasps the concept of ""walk up to items, pick them up and use them against the other players"".Maps are randomized with weapons and stages so you never know what you are getting."
,Recommended,312530,26866817,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SupSuper,Nobody bought this for the singleplayer.
,Recommended,312530,25591502,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bojangles Manoangles,Good game
,Recommended,312530,30573707,Posted: 17 March,all,Dr. Richard Steel M.D.,"Probably the best smash esque game thats not smash. Its like warioware, contra and smash took a duck home one night and made this bad boy.It does have a quack button for those wondering."
,Recommended,312530,16218606,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Shihou Mikado,"The combat is fast paced and frantic with four players, with a plentiful number of weapons and arenas to do battle in. At first what I thought would just be a simple purchase soon to be forgotten, it's gotten me to recommend it to all my friends for a fun time!Wholeheartedly suggest you purchase this if you're looking for a fun party style kind of game."
,Recommended,312530,16295251,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,wopolusa,"Truly one of the most fun and enjoyable games from it's core to every stupid, crazy little feature. Nothing has made me laugh at all its rediculous moments quite like this before, and I never want to put it down. Insane fun. And I'm pretty sure no other game in the world has a quack button which makes 1 noise that can say 1000 words.Literally the only thing I could possibly form some sort of complaint about is the controls which can sometimes glitch/not do what they're supposed to if you try set your own (as opposed to using default). But seriously I had to think hard to find this 1 minor bad thing.An honest 10/10, sell your kidney, it's worth it."
,Recommended,312530,16206284,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,sdiezal,"Forget being a squid, be a duck."
,Recommended,312530,16252107,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dulix,"Good Things:- Single Player have some basic Tutorials/Challenges with time limits -- You can get new hats for your duck! -- Easy game to get into and really fun -- Cool Levels -- Awesome Weapons. Swords, Bazooka, Laser Gun and tons more -- Online feature is the best part of the game -- Quack-Button -do I recommend this game? Quack!.. that means Yes!"
,Recommended,312530,16256848,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Hatehoven,"Ok so this is the best multiplayer game I have purchased since Chivalry, and best of all the online works flawlessly. That really all there is to say. If you enjoy multiplayer games this is and absolute must buy...... Send a friend request for the duck game group."
76561198056642200,Recommended,312530,31886628,Posted: 21 May,all,Beeftub,It's like Hotline Miami if Hotline Miami had multiplayer and ducks.
,Recommended,312530,16273487,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kerma,"Remember PAWNGAME? Remember Stick Arena Online? Introducing Duck Game: The new ""coffee break MMO shooter"" that falls in line with these previous two classics.Duck Game is a silly hyper-blast-processing shooter that takes place over several rounds. The goal is simple- shoot everyone else, don't die. Play saxaphone. Quack.There is a ton of guns, stages, crazy unlockables, hats, more hats, and hilarious situations to dig yourself into.The controls are simple: There's a button to pick up a weapon, a button to shoot the weapon, and jumping and moving. The controls are so simple in fact that the developers decided to make basically almost all the remaining buttons on your controller do absolutely useless things that increase the PVP experience, in a style similar to gestures in ""Dark Souls"". You have a dedicated quacking button, you have a pressure sensitive button that changes the pitch of your quack, even a button that makes you ragdoll on the ground (actually useful sometimes)It's kind of hard to say more about Duck Game. I'm not sure how active the online will be, but I think it'll be a game that's more fun with friends anyways. If you like fast paced shooters that aren't serious at all, pick this up ASAP."
76561198011633442,Recommended,312530,26085017,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Noxeys,"Well this game kinda suck, just look at the grafix. That is what goes through most peoples heads when they look at this game. It is not the case with this one my friend. it is a ton of fun and very unpredictable! u quack as u net your friends and tosses them out the side and into the abyss. You will giggle like a litte girl when u get the minigun as the others sit there with a little flower in their hand.I rearly find a game that suprices me as mutch as Duck Game has done, and i would recomend it to everyone! 3 years old or 60 does not matter.11/10 quacks indeed!"
76561198190183598,Recommended,312530,28110827,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,cobybear,"you didnt play, you didnt live"
76561198163712624,Recommended,312530,16216913,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,cats4dayz,The only dowside is you wasting time looking at reviews when you should be playing it!
,Recommended,312530,17287971,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DatBoiBabagus,"Being a duck was never this easy. Quack, shoot and kill all you want at the same time. Loads of fun, really.Also the game has hats which is a + ovbiously."
,Recommended,312530,21845014,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,PlayerOfGames,"Sporadic, humourous, and tense, Duck game offers one of the best multiplayer experiences you will ever have on your PC.This is for those of you who love minimalist couch gaming, and sharing a couple of laughs with your friends. Been playing this with my friends, and it never ceases to entertain us. While gameplay seems very simplistic at first, there’s actually a lot of weapon variety, diverse movesets, and map awareness involved in high level play  when it comes to mastering it. Duck Game strikes the perfect balance between, visual spectacle, balanced combat, hilarity. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for one of the most enjoyable multiplayer experiences on PC, if not in general."
76561198185416243,Recommended,312530,33724380,Posted: 22 July,all,monch,go-to game to play with the buddies
,Recommended,312530,17036100,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,goat-on-a-stick,"I've never laughed so much at unintentional humor while playing a game. It feels like a mix of Blackthorne and smash brothers. I first heard about it from TotalBiscuit , and have been in love with it ever since.The multiplayer is where the real fun is at, where up to four people play either free-for-all or on teams until they're the last duck(s) standing. It only takes one hit to kill another duck, so there's a lot of strategy involved in trying to kill other ducks while keeping yourself alive. The weapons are quite varied, but far from useless. A dueling pistol only able to fire a single shot a few feet against a chain gun sounds like a bad matchup, but you'd be surprise what you can accomplish with some quick moves and a little bit of mind games thrown in.The single player is also very well done. While it's just a set of levels with goals and timers, it becomes addicting to try to get the best medal on all of them, and unlock as many hats and game modifiers as possible. It's also a great way to learn all the ins and outs of the gameplay so you're better prepared for the chaos that ensues in multiplayer."
76561198171331494,Recommended,312530,23175390,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Axeloy,"I was first introduced to Duck Game from the free weekend, and then immediately purchased it afterwards. This game is pure fun. Especially with friends. I even went as far as buying my friend this game, just so he could play it. If you want pure fun with friends with a bunch of ducks fighting each other in an arena in quick, intense battles/rounds full of quacks, I extremely recommend this game. (Disclaimer: It can potentially be less fun without friends)"
76561197966005479,Recommended,312530,34615217,Posted: 30 August,all,Trotters,Awesome game.  Best with 4 players locally!
,Recommended,312530,34535703,Posted: 27 August,all,Prykie1995,"Wow this game crept up on me.At first I felt like the game was extremely shallow.""You just shoot other ducks?""I thought.""You do this round after round for no reason...""I thought.But after a few introductory hours of practice and a friend to shoot in the face from time to time, oh my did it suddenly dawn on me...For such a simple concept, the game just seems to work. You fly in and out of matches at breakneck pace and once you've had time to really master the controls it almost becomes a dance as you force your duck to run, jump, vault, throw, catch, shoot and slide around, under, over and across obstacles, foes and everything inbetween. All in the space of matches lasting on average less than a minute.Once you're attuned to the sheer pace of the game and learn not to focus on one particular thing but the map as a whole, you start to see the game in a totally different light. The satisfaction of landing a pixel perfect shot from a pistol, cross-map, through a hole the size of a crate, into an armored duck's cranium, as you're falling, is a beautiful thing to behold. Almost every weapon in the game can be used to have these awe inspiring moments and it just comes together as a majestic ballet of quacking carnage.Now i've seen what the game offers, and the short sharp shots of joy it produces, I will be going back to this game very often. If you haven't checked it out by now or think that the price tag is too high, just give it a chance. I'm very happy I did. It's polished, balanced, fun and most importantly: you can quack as much as you like, you're a friggin duck!!!"
,Recommended,312530,17348947,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,rudix,One of the greatest couch multiplayer games ever.
76561198086496620,Recommended,312530,24447014,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lyrehc,"I can't count the numerous times in Duck Game that I've stepped on a landmine, become roast duck from a laser of total annihilation, been sliced in half by a guy wearing a suit of armor, or being shot point blank with a combat shotgun. Any other things I can't count? The number of times my friends and I have laughed playing the darn game.You see, it may seem like animal abuse at first, but once you get past that it's wild times with your (former) pals. You won't worry about stepping on landmines, becoming roast duck from a laster of total annihilation, being sliced in half by a guy wearing a suit of armor, or being shot point blank with a combat shotgun. Oh, and the quacking gives you the ability to turn any moment into comedy gold. It totally deserves a nomination for the Steam awards.10/10, fun times with every session."
,Recommended,312530,28905937,Posted: 1 January,all,Tizi,Quack.Quack quack quack quack.Quack/Quack.
76561198204537111,Recommended,312530,29638172,Posted: 1 February,all,Raichop,Lots of fun when you get really good and crush people in online playWAY too much fun if you get a group of friends and download a bunch of mods...
76561198008830256,Recommended,312530,25667247,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DirtyFosborne,is good
,Recommended,312530,16252343,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Spyder,BUY IT.Haven't had this much fun in a competitive MP game since ever.Christ just BUY IT. If you're backing away from it watch a video on it which will easily pursude you then BUY IT.
,Recommended,312530,33237861,Posted: 4 July,all,"Elmo, the Omlet killer","This gaming is amazing. It is best played with friends, except the community can be toxic. I was kicked multiple times for having the best amount of points. The servers aren't the best, but whatever. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,312530,23101613,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,cipher,"Now, ive played other games with humor and similar elements, but i usually dont get addicted and dream about it at night. That is, until i bought duck game. This game is just... different from all the others. I cant find the right words to describe it, so im only going to tell you this: you need to get this game ASAP. It will change your life for the better. I have a will to live because of this game, and i hope that persuades you to get this game too."
76561198015461883,Recommended,312530,16294595,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,-|WaD|- FMJunkie,"With out a doubt the most hilarious multi-player game I have played in a long time.It's fast, it's frantic, and it's fun. The game ozzes with charm.The controls are tight and responsive, which you'll need as you more often than not you'll only win by narrowly escaping death.Nothing is more enjoyable than throwing a land mine through a teleporter and killing someone on the otherside."
76561198045434814,Recommended,312530,16303256,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wowbagger,Do you like Worms and Smashbros? Then this is probably for you.It is unrelentingly funny to play with friends and has the added bonus of plentiful hats.What are you waiting for?
,Recommended,312530,16218587,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,dogerito burrito,One of the few multiplayer games that feels good regardless of winning or losing. Quek :V
,Recommended,312530,16218952,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LotusBlade,"Very-fast paced game with nice graphics and lots of fun. Yet the only downside i found is a price which scares people away, leading to not so many players online. But still game is worth it indeed. The variety of weapons and maps is wide, so you wount get bored. Anyway, you will die of weird reasons and hilarious hazards most of the time, so it will take a long while till game will begin getting booring. The first hour i thought i will blow up my mouth of laughting.Обзор на русском:http://igrotop.com/games/duck_game/posts/obzor_duck_game"
,Recommended,312530,16233047,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ginja,"An absolute blast, and the inclusion of online multiplayer makes it an absolute must buy. If only other games from Ouya had also included online multiplayer for their Steam ports *hint hint*I haven't laughed and cried this hard in so long."
,Recommended,312530,16315559,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Coverop,Game feels like  Worms.But there are no Worms.-Quack-
,Recommended,312530,25191563,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kazibole,"Trap and render friend immobilized with net gun, frantically try to pick up netted friend and throw him off the cliff, but end up jumping off with friend in arms instead. All while netted friend is quacking.10/10 would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,22779536,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,*shaking with anger*,Pretty good game :V *quack*
,Recommended,312530,24169807,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nyoom,"huh? duck game? sounds cool. wew this trailer is cool! im so buying this!! - 2 days later - this game is amazing but the controls are annoyi, DANGIT wrong button *falls into lava* - 3 months later - oh yea, duck game. that was fun. too bad the controls are kin WAIT CONTROLLER SUPPORT!!!!!!!! - 4 days later - now has 25 hours of time wasted shooting ducks in the face while grappling from a floating platform over explosive barrels and spikes all while wearing a frogs face... well freakin done devs"
,Recommended,312530,30037042,Posted: 19 February,all,4life22,"ever wanted another party game that would be so fun that rage almost doesnt exist? Ever wanted a game full of ducks that shoot eachother down or play a trumpet? Duck game is your answer. I bought this game going in thinking that it would be hard to find time to play with friends, but alas they have matchmaking in which you could join three random ducks to either team up with or go in a all out free for all. I will say that solo is a bit shallow but it has its fun times such as riding a chainsaw to a finish line or gunning down an office of ducks. Plus the mod support is great as its so fun to bring your own custom hat to use as you set a duck on fire and quack in there face. 10/10 would quack again."
,Recommended,312530,16287357,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Volkano,Cured my depression
,Recommended,312530,16193027,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,FELIX,"Fantastic game.Very fun and solid multiplayer with lots of variety, both local and online, it's easy to join and there are no dull lobbies and waiting around.The singleplayer challenges are challenging and fun, they serve as excellent ""learn by doing"" tutorials, no hand holding here. And you unlock hats.Best part of all, when you win, you can quack at your opponent. (Or at any time you want)I strongly recommend you buy it if you can gather some friends for local play, or if you buy a 4-pack with some friends!"
,Recommended,312530,16196182,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Moopith,"This game is small but very satisfying.If you're in the mood for short fast-paced action, this is the game for you. A single match could be as short as a second or two but they come with a bunch of laughs. There are so many weapons (some more useful than others) and some of them are easter eggs too so keep your eyes out for them. The music is in Sega Genesis style and very fitting for the goofy and intense gameplay.But by far the best part about this game is that there is a dedicated button just for quacking! putting a quack or ten after winning a match can turn a rageful loss into a burst of laughs. Also for all you show-offs out there, there are a bunch of silly hats to wear and you can even steal other player's hats too.Overall this game is very cheap and worth every penny. Go for it and have a good time with your friends!"
76561198086749002,Recommended,312530,25962299,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Stolas,"Remember the good old days, when you would gather up your friends to play Worms?It was always a blast when playing, however when you start worms nowerdays it lacks something.This game brings that feeling back! It's fast, chaotic and fun :)Needs more offical maps though. *Quack*"
,Recommended,312530,22601274,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Proud Catholic Father,Harder than Dark Souls.10/10 would kill myself again.
76561198042496872,Recommended,312530,25876311,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TheTrioOfFive,This game is Ducking fantastic. :) very fun game to play with friends. mods make this game even better. Best game to pass time10/10 would quack again
76561198059218625,Recommended,312530,23612850,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Fumbles,Do you like fun? Then buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game!
,Recommended,312530,16267746,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Nyx,"This game is amazing in so many ways, but you really have to experience the online game mode yourself to understand why. It's brilliant from start to end, from the dazzling lobby music with it's wonderous lyrics to the endless slaughter of quacking ducks throwing their hats to celebrate in their gory victory."
,Recommended,312530,29087533,Posted: 7 January,all,bidel bastro from buba,"It wouldn't be fair to leave a review after only a couple hours so I've waited till now. I've racked up a fair few hours in this game. It takes a few hours on gameplay to really get into it and start understanding how the game works. The learning curve may seem very daunting at first when you're starting out - there's an immense amount of gun, maps and techniques in the game, and whilst not all of them are as important to learn as others, it still helps a lot. If you give just a few hours into this game, you'll love it and get used to it in no time. It's very fast paced, with quick rounds (most of the time). If you get bored of the standard maps, there's a plethora of custom maps on the workshop. You can download more hats anytime you want, and even make your own (not incldued in the actual game, but still not difficult to do).Great game, best 6 quid I've ever spent (on sale) but still undoubtedly worth the full tenner."
,Recommended,312530,18300680,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,"Sho ga nai, the science guy",[Quacking in falsetto]
,Recommended,312530,31674718,Posted: 10 May,all,Dord,"Honestly an incredible game. The unique yet simplistic gameplay, the hilarious moments you get even after hundreds of hours of playing, the vast amount of user-created mods and maps, and the surprising amount of depth for what seems like just a silly game about ducks... all these things and more keep me coming back, day after day, week after week. Duck Game is the perfect example of an ""easy to learn, hard to master"" game, and its one of the few games that I've found myself laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off even when I'm losing horribly. I've met some great people through this game, and I don't know where I'd be in life without it."
76561198040423617,Recommended,312530,26728230,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tanagram,"I think after 460 hours of play I’m ready to give a review for Duck Game.Duck Game is a gift from the universe, much like Beethoven’s 6th Symphony, or the strong bond of companionship between two lifelong friends. It is one of those secrets of the world that once you find you will cherish forever.What makes Duck Game so great is that whether you’ve just begun your first hour or have been playing for nearly 20 days’ worth of time, it is FUN. Pure, boundless, FUN.There is no other game I have EVER played where I have laughed EVERY SINGLE TIME I have played the game. I remember, about 20 hours in, talking to people in game saying how every time I had played so far I had laughed and that it was blowing my mind. This is still true to this day. Every single time I play this game, at some point, I will laugh, without fail. Can you name another game that has done this for you? And, what more can you really ask for from a game that’s only $13?Well, Duck Game gives you more than just that. Duck Game is, in addition to a bundle of joy no matter how much time you sink in, DEEP in terms of mechanics and skill, if you’re looking for that too. There is so much to learn playing this game, that, despite being relatively good (at least, in terms of who’s actively on these days), I am still learning things about this game each and every day. And that learning is part of the fun itself.The first day I was actually able to pull off angling, I was SO happy. The first few times I could incorporate that into my actual gameplay, I felt like a god. Now it's part of how I play. Vert-stance with a sword, pogoing, and gun-jumping come to mind as other mechanics you’ll develop that increase the speed of your game and change the way you fundamentally perceive it and interact with it. I only mention those for people who have played the game to empathize with where I’m coming from, as you don’t actually need to know what any of that means or how to use it to play the game; a lot of it just comes naturally with time and patience. You’ll go from focusing on yourself and being surprised that a box just crushed you (which is always hilarious) to simultaneously watching four players move their ducks as you engage in what becomes akin to a complex, beautiful dance. It shifts from a random mess of joy into a controlled chaos that, while a slightly different in terms of an overall experience, is still INCREDIBLY fun. You’ll find yourself developing from a bumbling duckling struggling to climb platforms into a hardened mallard gliding around the map with the grace of a renowned ballerina who also happens to be shooting AK47’s and rocket launchers.And even though it does take time to develop such elegance, the journey is part of the fun. Although there is a lot to learn and it will take a while to soak it all in, you don’t have to be some duck-pro to have fun playing this game. A death in the most ridiculous manner will make you laugh whether you’re playing your first match or your five-hundredth.I hope that all sounds dandy, but it’s not even the icing on the cake. In addition to being a basket of bliss with surprisingly deep skill to pick up over time, the final part of what makes Duck Game the absolute blast of an experience that it is, is the community. Of course there are people who can be salty just like in any community, but in my experience, for the most part, the people who play this game are good, fun people. If I had to guess, it might be because this game draws out happiness in you and almost forces you to enjoy the ride, and getting to do so with others multiplies that joy.You will share laughs and moments with so many people if you play this game, and to me that in itself makes Duck Game more than just a video game. It becomes an experience. It will change you, or at the very least, I feel it has changed me. I feel like a better person having had the joy of experiencing this game. Perhaps that’s just a reflection of my own life, but when I compare who I was when I first got Duck Game to who I am today, it is a world of difference. Did Duck Game do that by itself? Of course not. But having a constant source of laughs and being able to share those with my fellow duckgamers certainly has had a positive impact on who I am today. I am a happier person having played this game, and I think you will be too if you give it a shot."
76561198040597890,Recommended,312530,35216059,Posted: 25 September,all,Azazrael,"One of the best indie games that you can spend your money on. It may not get updated very often, but you can get tons of replayability out of it by playing the community made maps. 10 quacks out of 10."
,Recommended,312530,35191881,Posted: 24 September,all,Tylody,neato.only downside is your friends want you to buy a copy for them.
,Recommended,312530,32769913,Posted: 25 June,all,Lord Jimsicle,Dedicated Quack Button <3
,Recommended,312530,23291440,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ekrance,Bought a pack of 4 for me and my former friends. I say former freinds because this game is worse than Mario Party when it comes to ruining friendships. 10/10 would ruin all my friendships again
,Recommended,312530,29425700,Posted: 22 January,all,Alez_Noize™,"Nice game to play with friends.When i played with my friends, we had a lot of fun.Just nice.Alex_Nice."
,Recommended,312530,17408049,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ru$$ Money,"I LOVE THIS GAME.  2D platforming FFA (or Teams) with ducks, guns, explosives, lasers, swords, seldgehammers, The Good Book and more.Latency can sadly be a large issue but, it doesn't hinder it terribly."
76561198040678939,Recommended,312530,27688527,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Muffin,Shotgun your friends in the face.10/10
,Recommended,312530,35200072,Posted: 25 September,all,Tazzy,You can spam quack in this game. Nuff said
,Recommended,312530,16190816,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Osmosis,"I've never quacked this much in a game ever.Seriously though, this game is tons of fun and even includes some online play which isn't that common with couch multiplayer games like this one.The best thing about this game is how it just puts you into the game fast and fanticly. The game has depth too.For example if you are sliding with a chain you can hold the attack button and speed up like your skate boarding.You can hold the attack button with the grenade launcher to angle it higher.And with RB (or R1) you can feint death.10/10 great with a friend every time."
,Recommended,312530,16217800,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Citenks,This game surprised me.  My wife saw a trailer for it when watching some Adult Swim cartoons and I checked it out on a whim.  It's absolutely fantastic multiplayer mayhem.  Skill involved but mayhem abounds.  It almost never feels like you died unfairly and the whole game is a hoot.10/10 would quack again.Did I mention there's hats?
76561198083504988,Recommended,312530,35111532,Posted: 21 September,all,Johnny3Tears,E = best use of a key in any game ever made.
76561198021355439,Recommended,312530,16830021,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Zoop Soup,Good thing this game doesn't have voice chat otherwise everyone else would hear me squealing like a little girl.This game has revived the part of me that died when I sold my gamecube and lost SSB Melee.No other game has left me so happy.I'm sooo happy.I love this game.This game is life.111/1 Beyond perfection.
,Recommended,312530,16236052,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,spookster jiji,"Bought this game because all of my friends were begging me to play with them, Im not dissapointed at all. Worth the ten dollars.Very fun Platformer and the multiplayer is the one of the best times ive had in a while playing multiplayer.The controls feel very tight and i love the little hats.The music really isnt that great but thats not what i bought the game for.9/10 Best with friends."
,Recommended,312530,32736607,Posted: 24 June,all,Tertiary Investments,quak
,Recommended,312530,16371788,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pegani.exe,"The best game about ducks, to come out on PC since Ducktales: Remastered."
,Recommended,312530,16190736,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Catlord,"All the fun of Smash Brothers, with the twitch shooting of Hotline Miami. Lots of fun and ♥♥♥♥ you's to other players. A lot of variety in the levels with even more in offline multiplayer. Perfect for both couch competitive or online. Also there's a button to quack so 10/10 would quack again."
,Recommended,312530,16192531,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Onlyamoose,"Someone killed me and threw my body at another player, knocking him off the edge and killing him. He then proceeded to quack until the next level loaded.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,28585754,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,nulg | hellcase.com,This game causes brain aneurysms10/10 would throw friend off map again
76561198038388811,Recommended,312530,17618973,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rawfish,"A little, but great game with good entertaining potential.The concept is simple: Kill your enemies. Grab a weapon and use it! This may not sound special, but I can promise you: A lot of buIIsh!t happened in the fights and that's what this game makes so good in my opinion. A nice variety of weapons and tools are enough to create chaotic and ridiculous skirmishes. The fights are short, so you don't have to wait for long in case you die. The stages are chosen randomly and if that's not enough, you can download custom maps from the workshop  and add something new. Singleplayer is a simple trial of challenges.The only sh!tfactor is the ragequitting or disconnecting from players.  High ping makes the matches unplayable, but the community is nice and fair overall. You will have a great experience when playing this with 3 other friends, that's for sure!"
,Recommended,312530,16305152,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Period,Worth every penny if you have some friends to play with.
76561198071101138,Recommended,312530,16282873,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rare Pepe Runlock,It has a dedicated quack button.
,Recommended,312530,16464304,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kapho?!,press e to quack.press other keys to play the game.i can't pick which i could live without.
,Recommended,312530,16438339,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Calynth,"The people in the video (probably the dev and some friends) are bad at this game. Honestly, they are.Now for the actual review:This game is Fun. Very fun. Some people say that the keyboard controls are crappy, I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on that, I can win most matches I get in, crush friends, and generally get platinum on all the challenges with a keyboard. If that is crappy, I don't know what isn't. Overall this game has a few flaws, which are being solved by the dev, who is obviously extremely busy  (just look at the community hub). Now, the pros and cons.Pros: Me.Fun game-play, reminiscent of Wariowarebrings smiles and laughs to groups of friendsgreat, tight controlsInteractive menusDedicated dev, who is active in the community in helping people solve problemsMore stuff I only think of when playingJet-packing-minigunning-headstomping action""flick shots""custom maps are fun to makededicated quake buttonHATS!!1111!!!!!!!11!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!!!!!!!111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!online multiplayerlocal multiplayerCons: occasional bugs, most of which contribute to the hilaritycan't save custom maps for some reasoncustom map-building can be tediousclients can get out of sink in-game, causing frustrating momentsTo many pros to remembercan't have two local players connect to a online server, but I am told that will be a featureThat's all of those done, and in the end, I would recommend this game to any level-headed person in a heartbeat. Please, buy it now, unless you don't enjoy fun. In that case, go away."
,Recommended,312530,16582519,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,neon,"A fast paced arcade shoot em up with ducks. The level design is amazing, the soundtrack is decent and the gameplay chaotic. A must have if you have friends to play this with. Even with no friends the game features an arcade mode for all you lonely people !"
76561198117901147,Recommended,312530,16396738,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Valgram,"Bought the game on a whim, and it's probably the best money I've spent in a while.The Pros:The games are fast.The fast variety of weapons keep things fun.Every single match I've played, something ridiculous happened where I wish I was recording.Quick MatchmakingThe platforming feels really nice on the pre-made levels.THE HATS!Random maps are lolQuackingThe Cons (so far):Can't wait until  you can play Custom Maps online; that's when I think the game will really take off.Glitchy interactions at times.Map Editor menu goes off-screen at times, and you can't get it back.Random maps are lol."
,Recommended,312530,16319170,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,LEGIJA,"The only bad thing about this game is lack of keyboard/playstation controller support: I'm using a playstation controller but all of the icons are xbox.I was ruthlessly destroyed in online, I was blown up by bazookas, became dinner from flamethrowers, got hypnotized(?), and had a fantastic time. A really great game for such a low price, and it will only improve"
,Recommended,312530,16354251,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Beyond the Grave,"If there was one game I could recommend to everyone right now, it'd be Duck Game.  It's like the perfect mix of retro pixel art games and Smash Bros.  One hit kills, quick as ♥♥♥♥ rounds.  You'd be hard pressed to find a more enjoyable online multiplayer game on PC.It does Towerfall better than Towerfall.  BUY IT.  :)"
,Recommended,312530,33054316,Posted: 30 June,all,Jaffa,"Duck game is an extremely fun fast-paced 2d arena shooter, and I can't recommend it highly enough. Duck Game has a vast array of weapons, and maps that will keep the game interesting for days! On top of that the modding community for this game is amazing, and they add tons of replayability with mods for new weapons, maps, and many glorious hats. Duck game has entertained me and my friends for tons of hours!However, I can only really recommend this game if you have a group of 3 or 4 people willing to play with you. Multiplayer with strangers works fine, however the skill level between player to player varies a lot. Sometimes you'll be playing with a complete noobie, and other times you'll be playing with a complete god. A lack of a skill-based matchmaking system can make multiplayer more annoying then fun. Also, make sure you have a controller. Keyboard works fine, but takes a lot longer to learn and doesn't feel as fluid as a controller.In the end, Duck Game is an extremely fun party game. If you have a group of friends looking for a new game to get addicted to, Duck Game is the game to buy!"
,Recommended,312530,33060529,Posted: 30 June,all,ABunch0fChildren,Really fun party game. Great for hanging out with my friends or siblings.
,Recommended,312530,18192901,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jamsspinle,"Great game to play with friends, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,312530,29370477,Posted: 19 January,all,NovaSquirrel,"Duck Game makes a really great party game and it's always been a blast with my friends. It's simple enough that anyone I introduce it to is able to figure it out pretty quickly (and it cleverly teaches you how to play in the game lobby) and it has just enough randomness so that while the best players do end up winning most of the time, something unexpected can easily happen and no one is in a situation where they're losing every single match."
76561198079085344,Recommended,312530,22904100,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Islam Was A Mistake,"Ok lets first just say this game isnt youtube bait. This game actually is an insanely fun game especially if you have real life friends to play with.  The best way to play the game is hooking it up to your TV and playing it on the couch with some friends with physical controllers. However as most people ( and me) hardly have friends it still is very fun to play online with random people. Playing it with your friends not taking it serious and calling eachother ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s is so fun and actually is what this game seems to be made for.Translation for ducks:Quack.  quack quack quack.. quack : quack : quack,,, quack quack quack    quack quack quack? quackquack quack quack! ""quackquackquack"" quack quack, quack quack quackeroni. quack quack quack quack!10/10 would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,22773174,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Psykoosit Paistumassa,Can kill ducks 10/10.
,Recommended,312530,22438397,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,The Wandering Tradesman,"Won't ley me create a level! Just crashes my gamestill a great game though,  and I really enjoy it, but for some reason on this pc it doesn't let me make a level, and it's the same pc as my other one and it lets me make levels. And for some reason every once in a while it'll randomly crash. But you should buy this game, very fun."
,Recommended,312530,30743596,Posted: 25 March,all,FOMEZ,+funny weapons+funny maps+steam workshop+funny bugs+Quack-lose friends-bug game8/10 the best game to lose friends and make funsQuack
,Recommended,312530,26942050,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,foxholeboy,"Fast paced, tight controls and a hilarious theme.Absolutely must play and great to play with friends.Plus it has a quack button, that's enough for me."
,Recommended,312530,26919858,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ingen4,YOU NEED TO SNORT DUCKAINE IN ORDER TO PLAY THIS PROPERLY.10/10
,Recommended,312530,19869102,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Douck,"10/10 Fun For Frineds, Logic Broken Love this game"
,Recommended,312530,21004714,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Frost,10/10I can finally shoot my friends with a minigun while wearing a really angry umbreon hat.
76561198041982020,Recommended,312530,16339395,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bambino,"Bloody good game. Dev is a thoroughly nice bloke. Couldn't recommend enough, especially with mates!QUACK"
76561198079087973,Recommended,312530,16513608,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hisoka,Duck / DuckWould Duck Again!!
,Recommended,312530,16481758,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,🅱EHOVAH,This is the greatest quacking simulator of all time.
,Recommended,312530,17855355,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,nvg Mayo,quack
76561198103192710,Recommended,312530,16869517,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Joadow2,YOU CAN SAY QUACK 492/1Very Quack.....
,Recommended,312530,18450841,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Nahmay[SyL],"Duck Game? We call it Quack Game... It's a game where you could constantly kill your closest friends, and you still wouldn't rage at each other... It's a game you say, ""Lets just see what random death can we get next"", you don't play this game to be good; you play it to enjoy every minute of it. This isn't a game for you to play with a person who constantly brags about how they get their kills, no.... This game is for those you want to hear say ""Damn, that was a hilarious way to die."" Not even a GG could cover it, the only true way you can play a game that you have a specific button to quack with is to just have fun with it and no matter how many ways the media puts violent video games being the cause for murderers, this game doesn't teach you to want to murder... It teaches you to have fun with your friends on a game about ducks killing each other. An Adult Swim Game. Adult Swim.. Made something like this? That's where the brilliance of Adult Swim comes through this. And most of all... Quack quack quack... Quack quack quack quack quack... QUACK QUACK QUACK QUA- SHUT UP BOB! To be honest, for a game about killing ducks, this is fantastic. I have no problems giving this game a 10/10. Go ahead and see for yourself :)"
,Recommended,312530,22755415,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cabral,Most fun is had with a group of 4 friends with skype or something. But joining a random lobby with people is still hilarious anyways
,Recommended,312530,22728682,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Bishop,"The feel early 2000's Newgrounds flash, the competitive nature of Smash, and the friendship breaking moments that make you come back for more!!!! 10/10!!!"
,Recommended,312530,17459791,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Great multiplayer, great humor, literally tons of awesome items and weapons.If you have a group that enjoysTowerFall,Demons with Shotguns,SpeedRunnersor any of the other couch versus, then pick this up right away. This game even has single player stuff too - although don't purchase unless you plan on multiplayer.Pros:+Tight controls+Pure chaos multiplayer (both online and local)+Its cheap+Tons of functionally different items and weapons+Frickin' great humor (i.e. there is a quack button, there are instruments you can play, etc.)Cons:-I prefer the static screen like inTowerFall- this one zooms in and out depending on how far apart players are, and when zoomed out it can be difficult to see specifics from the couch"
,Recommended,312530,32971221,Posted: 28 June,all,Limelight,It's a perfect game to play while you crack open a cold one with the boys.
76561198078543711,Recommended,312530,22735131,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Evil-doer,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ fun♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047792503,Recommended,312530,23845197,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Centervillain Jr.,A fun game to hop into and play a quick round with your friends. The community workshop adds a lot of innovation and diversity. I love this game.
76561198087093618,Recommended,312530,32870536,Posted: 27 June,all,BlisterZX,Much Ducks. Such Memes. Verry fun. Quack.
,Recommended,312530,25351147,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Robin E,Really fun game! Spent hours blowing up ducks. It also has great customization with hats and stages.
,Recommended,312530,22138534,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,WHAM,"Hey! HEY!Take four ducks and put them in an arena. Add chainsaws to the mix! And just enjoy the awesome madness of it all!Seriously, Duck Game is one of the funniest things I've played in my life! The game is a seemingly simple 2d platformer arena brawler where players quack at each other (yes, there is a dedicated quack -button) and fight to be the last duck standing. There are so many ways to achieve victory, and every single round feels exciting and exhilarating as you try to react to every other player's actions at the same time and then, as you accidentally jump into a spike pit as part of your victory celebration, you realize that one of the other ducks was just PRETENDING to be dead...Genius. Pure, freakin', genius!Playtime: 25+ hours (Primarily in multiplayer)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 10Audio: 10Story: n/aGameplay: 9Overall: 10"
,Recommended,312530,16372842,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CodyOdyOxenFree,A fun 2D party shooter that's easy to pick up and enjoy.  Hours can be spent playing with friends and thanks to a dedicated quack button those hours are filled with great laughs.  Highly recommended.  Now let's get this Duck Game party quackalackin'!
,Recommended,312530,24157978,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dunder,(not really) goal of the game: Out-quack your friendsIn lobby:Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackMatch begins:Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackMatch ends:Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
,Recommended,312530,24205113,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Avidze,"QUACK out of ten!You can ride the chainsaw, throw webs and swords and other players, can steal others head and king of teabag!You can get box, stone or book from presents! (someone told me you can also get normal guns from it, but i think they are just pulling my leg).There is bunch of levels there is the best decision is to let your friends kill themselfs (fire sucks. really).Awesome way to spend an evening with your buddies.Quack.GOTY, MLG, doritos, no scope 360"
76561198095747854,Recommended,312530,28525277,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,tummy rupples,"it was pretty good, but Tom's internet is kinda balls, so it was laggy but it was good when he wasn't there :)"
76561198254374932,Recommended,312530,27010278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CaptainCrack,Duck game for life!
,Recommended,312530,16341126,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Damon Katumaru,"Buys the game...Makes a level, Forget setting the spawn points...Makes a decent level...Wears a silly hat...Goes into Arcade mode to pratice for online with friends...None of his friends has the game...Accidently kills himself with a gernade launcher...Duck♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes...But besides the jokes, this is great for Couch game WITH Online gameplay. Games like Tower-Fall and Splunky really fails because they're on the PC. However, Duck-Game knows and adapts! Great when you want to play with friends! Highly reccomend!  8/10!!"
,Recommended,312530,33210350,Posted: 3 July,all,ChineseCandyFlip,better than cs go
,Recommended,312530,18274044,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,nuijaluopio,you know you want it
,Recommended,312530,23835278,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,maxresdefault.jpg,AYYY THATS PRETTY DANKGET SUM MODS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥UR FRIENDS WITH GUNS
,Recommended,312530,17116661,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Count Ottula,"Crashed on the title screen. My friends tell me good things, though, so I'm still gonna recommend it."
,Recommended,312530,17461790,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Tympanista,"This game is fun, random, and skill-based. It has room for improvement still, but overall this is a game you should have already been playing. It's really nuanced for being a retro-styled game. You'll find yourself laughing your♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the quackery (there's literally a button dedicated to quacking) while learning effective strategies and skills to wreck your opponents. Just the sword has about ten different moves and tactics. And with the game now having workshop support for mods and custom maps combined with a healthy creative community, Duck Game should last a loooooong time."
,Recommended,312530,16812968,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,♛TozeLeal♛,Positive things:MusicGraphicsGameplayNegative things:No Artificial Inteligence on offline modeBut I still recomend this game at 100%!
,Recommended,312530,33831558,Posted: 27 July,all,iZzirO,"Amazing game - that's all I can say. I play it every day and I can say that its not boring at all. Original content by itself is good enough, but there are mods and custom maps!"
,Recommended,312530,22915439,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bangBANGbang,This is solid fun. Side-scrolling weapon-based arena battles that can last between 2 seconds and 20 minutes. Get your friends together because this one has couch multiplayer and you can totally base a party around it.
76561198142438563,Recommended,312530,32541589,Posted: 18 June,all,Tim Bishop,"Duck Game is a fun multiplayer arcade style game that is fun for all ages. You star as a duck trying to kill 3 other ducks on many different types of stages. There is a single player, but it is not that great, so I would recomend mainly staying on multiplayer."
,Recommended,312530,16295511,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dr Saweg,Best duck DAW software ever.Enjoyed quacking and drums playing.Would play (hi-hat) again.4/4
76561198025463260,Recommended,312530,34508504,Posted: 26 August,all,TheDigit_man,"I do movie reviews using Duck Game with a friend. We re-enact scenes using the game. One of us kills the other when they least expect it.Best multiplayer game since Smash Bros. Melee.Also, quack button."
,Recommended,312530,16820640,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TheSir 2Spoopy4U,"This game is absolutly amazing! i give it 99.1 outa 10! you lost .9 because the game sometimes crashes, and the mini-games are difficult if you are learning how to play. But it is trully a peice of art!"
,Recommended,312530,35189530,Posted: 24 September,all,sppoopeb,really fun to play with friends. someone usually gets really mad though but its not me because im a duck game god and cannot be beat. challenge me anytime i will win.
76561198061908771,Recommended,312530,16487896,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mallard Mayhem & Robo Ram,Man this game is cool
76561198081677163,Recommended,312530,24796610,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Finesse Kid,This game is one of the most fun games I ever played.It is cheap and never gets old.One of the best things is u can play with people on the same pc.The community is cool.I only thing is there has not been any big updates.I rate 9/10.
,Recommended,312530,23667204,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,rumbo,"The fitness gram 😆🍆 cummy test💦 is a multistage sex position 😻 that progressively gets more difficult as 💓daddy gets 😵😵 harder. The 20 meter 😍 💦♥♥♥♥♥♥will line up with your🍎♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in 30 seconds. Lube up for daddy 💗🍆. The 👊💦 riding speed starts slowly but progressively gets harder as 😉😝 daddy gets worked up. Remember not to 😲♥♥♥♥♥early or else 😩 daddy will 👏💦 spank you. After you hear 💖☺ daddy moan, then you can 🍆💦♥♥♥♥♥ The cowboy👅 position will begin now.On your mark, Get ready 😭🍆, start💦 for daddy💙!"
,Recommended,312530,27480324,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Holdwich,Ducks. Enough said.
,Recommended,312530,34897328,Posted: 12 September,all,Ser Harold the Great Crusader,$13 for a refined flash game.A really good one but still. $13 is a bit greedy.
,Recommended,312530,22245461,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,jotaro is a good character,i killed someone with a sword while i was a hamburger wearing bullet proof armor and sneakers10/10
,Recommended,312530,20945502,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jinxed,"my friends are all dead because of the unstoppable urge to stab them all in the throat after playing one round, little own the next 9 with higher ping then macca's wifi. I rate - 1/8  while i finger my prostate. I rate this -1/8 while I kill my room mate. I rate this 10/10 would want to westgate again. I'd rather be hit by a bus that drove up my drive way and through the window of my house just to kill me.ps if you want to be on suicide watch list play this game."
,Recommended,312530,32968048,Posted: 28 June,all,Emperor Sev,Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack.
76561198003949842,Recommended,312530,25403351,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fitzou,"So much fun, Duck Game need one more thing : to be well-known :PSimple, fast, funny...Hovewer the solo mode could be better for learning the game's mecanics...But the multiplayer, nothing to say.Instant buy !!!"
,Recommended,312530,16263834,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,o4zloiroman,"This game is a riot. Absolute mast have for parties, also possible to play online. Don't miss out."
76561198075764238,Recommended,312530,16266689,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ebanineo,Honestly im suprised nobody made the idea of of ducks fighting to the death in many diffrent arenas where half the time you fall of to your death and where players pull the pin on there grenade but not throw it to then blow up. But serously you need this game in your life if you have friends who can play it with you this is something you will not regreat this its brilliant fun
,Recommended,312530,29708085,Posted: 4 February,all,BladedBoio,QUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACK
,Recommended,312530,22726490,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,CyberSpidey,Excellent game. Add me for online play.
,Recommended,312530,32197872,Posted: 5 June,all,pandaman1122,duck game is so much fun even after opening a game after a year its still so much fun and I dont think I would ever get bored of itplus the workshop can give you new maps and hats so theres always new contentI think this is a great game to have in case you're going to a party or just a hangout with friends
,Recommended,312530,23300782,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,rip,"This game is absolutely amazing.It's pretty cartoonish and easy to approach, but it's actually got a massive skillcap.There's enough mechanics in the game to be able to outplay someone."
,Recommended,312530,16358384,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Goodguy3,This game quacks me up.
,Recommended,312530,20303962,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,wug,you can freeze your friend and kill yourself by smashing said friend into your head
,Recommended,312530,28710590,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,booty bongos,smash's autistic brotherbut it's pretty good
,Recommended,312530,26562910,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TapeFace,10/10 ору каждый день
,Recommended,312530,29072763,Posted: 6 January,all,Foof,Quack.10/10.
,Recommended,312530,16432358,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fan Of Gamez,"This game is one of the most hilarious games I've ever played. The one thing keeping the game down a tad is there is not enough levels. When I play with my friends, I see alot of the same maps over and over again. I've seen every map atleast 3 times. Though, It is still great! :D"
,Recommended,312530,16362897,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cool Guy,"ALLAHU QUACKBARJokes aside, this is a very fun game. Dress your duck in something appropriate like a sombrero then shoot other ducks because why not? Movement is on point, which is good since there's a lot of platforming involved. The levels have certain themes and mini objectives to them, such as unlocking a locked room full of weapons or getting to the top of the level to obtain the mega lazer gun, or a small room with 2 grenade spawns in the middle. The trip and slide moves are cool, you can play dead by tripping then not getting up, and you can slide to dodge bullets while firing your own. The music is pretty awesome too. This game is probably crazy fun with friends, too bad hardly any of mine have bought it. ;_;"
,Recommended,312530,16247383,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,malfeis,"Forget about couch multi if you're not signed into Steam/friends list.  Otherwise, a chaotic, simple, fun game, great for sharing.  Too bad about the DRM.Edit: looks like they patched the friends list issue.  Bravo, I say."
76561198080858133,Recommended,312530,16253675,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,So Much For Subtlety,"The dynamic love child of 80's Kung fu Movies, Adult Swim humor, and great multiplayer. Much like love making its fun by yourself, but gets a hell of a lot better with more partners.9/10"
,Recommended,312530,16205853,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Rayden Belmont,If you're worried you won't play this game enough to warrant its price tag - you will.9/10 doctors reccomend Duck Game - The last one is a quack!Quack/10 Would Quack again.
,Recommended,312530,25105543,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Uruk-Gai,"I can never get mad at this game. It feels fair most of the time, and it's just stupid (in a good sort of way). Everytime I die, I am just laughing."
76561198145013457,Recommended,312530,16884750,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Terrific Turbo,Quack
76561198108266985,Recommended,312530,23633030,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,squibs,"Bought Duck GamePlayed game, I died. A lot.Started to die less and kill more, I quacked. A lot.It was fun.10/10 would quack again."
76561197965583985,Recommended,312530,16252143,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tenka,"I got set on fire from a flamethrower,I then used a chainsaw to propel me across the screen setting everyone else on fire as well,Everyone died,Nobody scored.10/10Will quack again."
,Recommended,312530,16191814,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mabec,"HOLY QUACK, THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY HILARIOUS+MUSIC & SOUNDCONTROLLONLINE MP SEEM TO WORK FLAWLESSALOT OF CONTENTMOTHER DUCKER SMASH BROS. KILLER (Not really)-Not very fun as a lonely duck"
,Recommended,312530,16249510,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Green Giant,"Do you like arcade games?Do you like fast action-paced games?Do you like chaotic multiplayer games?Do you like to quack?If you answered ""Yes"" to all the questions above, then you should buy this game."
,Recommended,312530,23686050,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,foot foot,yes
,Recommended,312530,26266630,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jules Winnfield,I lost my best friends from beating them at this game. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,27486136,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Onion,"Quack Quack Muthaduckahttp://i.imgur.com/vVtAnts.jpgIf the above image describes how you want to spend time with your friends, DOWNLOAD NOW"
,Recommended,312530,17425178,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Captain Corgi,more like cuck game
,Recommended,312530,16298755,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kad,This game is awesome. The game just need to be experiensed to apreciate the hours of fun you will get from this game. 11/10 would reccomend!
,Recommended,312530,16252405,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,"Sir Jebus ""spooky ghost"" Esq.",Buy this game.
,Recommended,312530,16377838,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MS Paint,>See's friend>Quack>Loads Shotgun>Quack>QUACK>Fires shotgun>QUACK>I MISS>They shot a Net at me>QUACK>In a net now>QUACK>Gets thrown in Lava>They quack away from me10/10
,Recommended,312530,16336963,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BeardyKings's,"""Quack"" - The Duck 2015"
,Recommended,312530,16253864,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dr Zicter,I played a saxophone and won as everyone else burned themselves to death10/10
76561198193415763,Recommended,312530,20596418,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SaltyDalty,This is one of the weirdest and most awesome games i have ever played. I definitely recomend this game to anyone who also has a weird interest in games.
76561198054973302,Recommended,312530,24718530,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Gibson,"this is a FANTASTIC PARTY GAME. found out who among your friends has the quickest reflexes and l337est skills in this hilarious, chaotic, player-versus-player extravaganza."
,Recommended,312530,21891913,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Lil' Melanin,"Absolute madness, this one. I would reccomend you have some friends before you jump into this game, playing online with strangers isn't quite the same, as you surely won't witness the synchronized laughter that is sure to wrack your skype call after a round of Duck Game.Cook your ducks, shoot your ducks, break your ducks. Who gives a duck? Just try and win in the worst or best way possible. Duck game is what I would describe as a party game, along with platforming and retro sidescrolling shooter elements. I don't feel like this description is accurate enough. Try not to take this game too seriously though, that ruined some of the endless slapstick humor for me.What looks like a game with some awful physics and random gameplay, actually plays quite well. The controls are tight and responsive, and unless you haven't been paying attention, every death that happens should make complete, hilarious sense to you. Weird for a game like this to be somewhat fair.8/10, Pick it up of you have friends to play it with. Otherwise, I don't know if you can get the full experience."
76561198027060837,Recommended,312530,27776964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SilverSwan27,It has ducks and a button dedicated to quacking. What more would you want?
76561198047754632,Recommended,312530,16301652,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mrwillgum,"I played 5 hours of this without realizing, people called, plans forgotten, people dissapointed.10/10 good game"
,Recommended,312530,18165889,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[skinhub.com] Blazing Ronin,"Maybe new players after a few minutes might go like, ""okay, duck this game it sucks,"" but in reality, this game is worth the $12.99. In fact, after playing for a while, you'll feel the inevitable perpetual bond forming between you and this game as your minutes spent on this game turn to hours. Believe me, if you can get three friends to join you in the feathery mayhem that will ensue once you launch the game, you will have a blast. Even then, you can take it up a notch, joining actual pubs where both the skilled and the skill-seekers congregate to have a quack at achieving first place and the glory associated with it. In short, Duck Game will be the most thrilling experience you'll ever have in your lifetimes, and you gotta give it a chance to realize the addictive power of this quacktastic game. A must buy!"
,Recommended,312530,18327082,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MRobbin :3,quak quak quak quak
76561198157423538,Recommended,312530,18137229,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tarquineas Superbus,"This game is extremely fun, especially with friends. You can run around and kill ducks with all sorts of weapons, and saxophones. The only problem i ran into was the rager large amounts of full on tryhards, like, people who make this game not fun to play. otherwise, great game. 9/10 at its worst."
76561198140342097,Recommended,312530,30675481,Posted: 22 March,all,Cereal Sauce,"Amazing game to pass the time and play with friends, siblings, etc. The quack feature is top notch. (Insert quack here)"
,Recommended,312530,16733985,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MasterLuigi452,The best multiplayer game of the year so far.You have friends? Then buy this game.
,Recommended,312530,19352999,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lord Traitor (tdsg),"Great and fun way to pass time when bored. I like io play this game if I'm waiting on a game to finish installing or updating. The mini arcade games in single player mode are entertaining, and I love playing multiplayer on here. Also, if you're into games that have that classic arcade look and sound, then get this game. You'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,312530,26827441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkness | GAVK oPS,:)
76561198036140096,Recommended,312530,20409121,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Raguza,Quack
76561198101362126,Recommended,312530,19104857,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gamer_Chick_With_A_Dick,"Very good. Few games are able to literally make me LOL, and this is on of them. This is the fastest and most accessible game I have, it is perfect for taking a quick break or blowing 5 hours. Tight controls, surprisingly low lag, good community, constant action, and most of all no feeling of failure. Because the moment you die, you have another chance to win. 9/10. BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,312530,16689547,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Deity Link,"This has to be the best game I've discovered this year! So much adrenaline, so much fast thinking required, and most of all so gratifying! I knew I should have expected that from an Adult Swim game, it's like Wario Ware meets Smash Bross meets I Wanna Be The Guy, every frame counts, every move counts.Easy to get into, Hard to master."
76561198132127930,Recommended,312530,17802845,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Unsatisfactory Salami,Duck Game is my favorite adult swim game that has ever come out. They did a very good job with the game. Basically Duck Game is a very fast-paced game with the feeling of super smash bros but with less launching and more guns. It is solely a game for local or online multiplayer with the singleplayer just being platforming and target practice so dont expect any singleplayer value out of this game but if u have either multiple controllers and friends to invite over or the internet required to game online then this game is addictive and very fun.I give Duck Game a 8/10
,Recommended,312530,16610577,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Samsin,ProsYou're a duck with gunsConsYou're not a duck with guns IRL
76561198041115663,Recommended,312530,18692951,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,King Dickie,"after playing one game i dont always write a reveiw, but I gotta. This is the most fun casual multiplayer ever. I got it at the recomendation of the cyinical Brit, and my god.The game style is a single screen 2d fighter, where you are a duck and fight other ducks with guns picked up in the match. Generally you are put on a map randomly and everything is one hit kill. exp the trombone, chased a guy for 10 sec with that and nothing happened. this is pure fun, and its incredibly funny. This is not a serous multiplayer experance, and it would be terrible for cometitve. Rounds last about 15-20 sec and first to ten wins wins. This is for anyone that really justs wants to have fun in this simple to play, funny game.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,312530,18765923,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tref,10/10lots of ducks
,Recommended,312530,16286640,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Big Jaddy,"Did you guys enjoy WarioWare? 4 Second Frenzy? That kind of arcade feeling random minigames?Do you enjoy battle areans like Towerfall? Smash Brothers?Do you like competitiveness? Do you like ♥♥♥♥ing around while others are being competitive?If you said yes to any of these. This is 100% the game for you.It is a battle arena with wacky, inventive and creative stages. There is a huge comedy factor. It is fun, is it silly and it is unpredictable."
,Recommended,312530,19277743,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Harry Please Die,Duck Game is god like
,Recommended,312530,23804704,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,basementdigital,"Easy to pick up, difficult to master. Endless replay value. Get it."
76561198026265372,Recommended,312530,16613653,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Diskatis Invictus,"Duck game is most fun as a drinking game where the players who die each round have to take a shot of alcohol. Laughter, vomit and cursing ensued.Duck game is even fun alone. You can find or create games online to play against anyone in the world. There is also an arcade mode which lets you unlock new modes and hats. Yes hats. You need to get used to the controls in the start, but the moment you get the hang of it its fun timesThe game is simple but genius. If you are looking for some fun times alone or with friends, I would highly recommend this game. This game is best played with console in my opinion (even though my friend rapes me on keyboard)."
,Recommended,312530,16227621,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Stug47,"This game is simply awesome, I highly recomend getting it. It is face paced, responcive and well thought out with fantastic controller support and plenty potential for hilarity!"
76561198234385744,Recommended,312530,16709558,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Daniel.Y.Sexbang,AWESOME game and i think they should add a update where you can fight against bots
,Recommended,312530,18184720,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,BurningWord8,More addictive then quack
76561198141854575,Recommended,312530,16638131,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Quack,"If there's a choice between your friends or Duck Game, choose Duck Game.This is everything I want in a game, fun, hysteria, a wide variety of weapons, and of course ducks!This is a game where you can shoot a duck wearing a burger in the face with a laser gun, then pick up a grenade, run up to another duck, and then blow each other up.This game gets to the point where I could lose over and over again, yet I'll have a huge grin because this game is the most fun I've had in a very long time."
76561198028138916,Recommended,312530,16698155,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Varrgoth,10/10 QUACK!
76561198075249629,Recommended,312530,17870640,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Shellfish,Though it is a kind if hefty price it is definitlly worth getting for the quacking alone.
,Recommended,312530,17795211,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MiKMauS,"The game is perfect ! But has 1 problem !!!!!!!--The creators of this game forgot about 'Duck Game' and don't want to progress it.--The amount of people can increase colossally if u make some new things - especially (new maps , new masks and etc.)--People are doing a lot of stuff in the workshop and u can rate it and just add it in the game.--I am sure that the 'Pay Content' can be added as well and most of people will buy it.--And the last one , everyone should try that game because it's funny and cool !--Actors , make right decision and add some new stuff to the Arcade as well , because I finish it in 30 min ..."
,Recommended,312530,17951254,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TheBrolosopher,There is a dedicated quack button... 10/10
76561198127061242,Recommended,312530,17745330,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Goosie McGooseFace,"Duck Game is one of the best games that I have ever played in my life. It's fast-paced, chaotic, and will always make me laugh at least once due to the sheer amount of ridiculousness in the game. I mean, come on. Ducks with hats and guns flying through portals, shooting wildly, and quacking the whole time. Everything I need in my life packed into game. QUACK!"
,Recommended,312530,17851384,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,kil#,"I could not stop laughing from minute 1 playing this game. Absolute must try, especially if you have a couple friends joining you for coop"
,Recommended,312530,16294096,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Officer Nasty,"This game is so so so much fun, I haven't actually had this much fun in a video game for a long time, its so fast paced and easy to learn god I love it! Get some friends toghter and have fun playing Duck game!TLDR: Its ducks beating the hell out of each other"
76561198100516240,Recommended,312530,18023301,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ToasterBacon,a perfect game for friends looking for a good time
,Recommended,312530,17239436,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Riggerdy,bubberducky
76561198204007745,Recommended,312530,17802983,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Salty Shepherd,"Wonderful game, mods make my day one quack at a time and this is a crazy fun couch game. However the only downside is that if you have no one to play with then it can get boring extremely fast seeing as how online matchmaking is still pretty wonky. Overall I recommend it whole heartedlyEdit: Mutiplayer fixed! So no you can have shenanigans online with people you don't know!"
,Recommended,312530,16294621,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Pascal [2.0],"Totally worth it. Lots of fun. Only a little more content is needed so it's fun for a really long period of time, but it should be fine for more than 35h!"
76561198071580892,Recommended,312530,16262407,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,sly386,"It is a great game, but my single player modifiers I buy wont work. I dont start with shoes or have moon jump and I cant figure out how to get them to work..."
,Recommended,312530,26991486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schwaz,"There is no good way to describe this game, but i cal say its totally worth it. Buy a four pack and give it to some close friends, youll have a blast"
,Recommended,312530,27831197,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mage Legend,You play as a duck. You can also quack.That's all you need to know. Buy this game.
,Recommended,312530,16338840,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,peaxe_2k,this game is amazing theres no person who shouldn't have this its awesome every one should have this game
,Recommended,312530,16319658,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Inspector Spacetime,"Somehow I managed to sit down and play such a simple, silly game for two hours straight without even noticing. Duck Game is truly special in that it causes constant, audible laughing at the sheer stupidity and absurdity of the events that transpire in a round. In an entire match there is time to turn around and pull off epic comebacks. It's a game where skill, luck, and plain creativity shine. The price may seem high at first but if you are a dollar/hour type of consumer then you will surely find value in Duck Game if you are willing to get past the mild (but enjoyable) learning curve to get the hang of which weapons do what, how some of the levels are laid out, etc.Heartily recommended to anyone who likes casual, silly, but still clutch and skillful fun.Edit: Also I highly recommend playing with a controller. It works very well. I haven't tested the kb/m controls but any PC gamer worth their salt should have a spare USB controller anyway for the games that are objectively better with one."
76561198060640228,Recommended,312530,23439698,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,2KRIX [EST],Grate game to play with frends and who will not like to shoot the hell out of ducks :P
76561198121118577,Recommended,312530,23498687,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,low altitude assault transport,its good
,Recommended,312530,23088799,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Longshankz,This game had me laughing so hard I was crying. Perfect for heavy drinking and playing with friends. QUACK!
,Recommended,312530,16480877,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vicious Badger,"Like worms, but in real time, with ducks. The amount of tactical play in this game is higher than you'd ever guess. Multiplayer works flawlessly (with minor exceptions) and is fun as hell, even for complete newbies.10/10 would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,30270067,Posted: 1 March,all,zax,"Together with Towerfall: Ascension this is one of the best local multiplayer games on controllers I have played. Good enough (not the best, but sufficient) maps and weapons variety and most importantly - lots of laugh blasting moments. Absolutely recommended to anyone enjoying local multiplayer games on controllers, retro graphics and ducks."
,Recommended,312530,21090597,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,주스 드락은,Even Hitler likes this game.....10/10 Would quack again
76561198044397790,Recommended,312530,19408858,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sataroth,Awesome game!! Playing it every day
,Recommended,312530,16252018,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tready,"This game is amazing! Hands down the most fun multiplayer versus game ever. A lot of care went into so many little details in this game. The controls are easy to pick up and use, and the character preparation screen is cleverly designed so that you have to figure out how to jump, pickup things, and shoot before the game even starts. There's a ton of weapons! The deaths are bouncy and hilarious, and the postgame wrapup is great fun. If you and your friends play games like Towerfall or Super Smash Bros together, you should definitely buy this game!"
76561198156165878,Recommended,312530,23336198,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,JustKing,10/10 Would quack again
,Recommended,312530,22701676,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Louis Jugal,8/10 too many ducks
,Recommended,312530,22785665,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Its Time For Timbs (Ng),"I put 9.7 hours into this game over a 2 day time span, its one of the most fun games ive played and i am planning to buy it when i can"
76561198160107354,Recommended,312530,17400170,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bon Qui Qui,Everyday i check for a cross platform update and still none. Still ive heard many good things about it.
,Recommended,312530,25190937,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,timbooo,Ducking awesome
76561197994176118,Recommended,312530,16195904,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,fireshade,"Platforms, automatic weapons and ducks. Need I say more? Duck Game is a fast pace frenzy that puts you against your friends in a super smash bros like fashion. Be the last duck standing in each round, get a point. First duck to 10 points wins the match. Simple. The game includes a level editor and has unlockable crazy hats to customize your duck.This is the sort of games that gets your friends to suddenly show up but they might never leave."
,Recommended,312530,25111928,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Angel of Death,It's pree legit.
,Recommended,312530,16537212,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,privateers,"Never knew I needed a dedicated quacking button, UNTIL NOW"
,Recommended,312530,16298668,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MaxxtoN,"After watching TotalBiscuit's video about Duck GameI decided to give it a shot to see if it was just as awesome as he had described it! The video he made about the game in question looked pretty fun, but would it be as fun to play it yourself? That was my main question when I started to play. Let's find out if it is or not!YAY-FactorsGame looks and sounds awesome, love the retro theme that the developer went for!Very easy to pick up and play but hard to master.Had no problem finding an online match, never took more than 3 minutes.Netcode in online matches is really good, didn't face any issues at all.Gameplay is top-notch, expect some hilarious mayhem to ensue during online play.Community is very friendly, ran into several pleasant persons when I played onlineNAY-FactorsThe singleplayer mode is nowhere near as fun as online play, could use some fleshing out.Online matches can be one-sided if one or more players are slightly more skilled.FINAL VERDICTI whole-heartedly recommend giving this game a try! Some people may find the price to be a bit steep but it was worth every cent for me atleast. This is one of the most amusing online party games that I've ever played and it reminds me of games such as Liero and Molez that I used to play when I was younger. If you do have the cash required to make a purchase then go for it!"
76561198202507008,Recommended,312530,24070577,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,clarinet_chick78,"I bought this game for a friend and I after trying it out when it was free to play over a weekend. It's definately been worth the money, and I would recommend this game to anyone who wants something that has some comical humor, simple graphics, and good multiplayer games"
76561198062682069,Recommended,312530,16260918,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Taupe,"Hectic, Intense and a lot of quacking. Whats not to love?"
,Recommended,312530,20655999,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Threnody,
,Recommended,312530,21783346,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,nbd9,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,17391562,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kalebob,"Quacktastic! This is honestly one of the best games I've ever played. $12.99 seems a little pricy, but I quickly realized it was completely worth the money."
,Recommended,312530,16256214,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Bakey,"Face paced chaotic multiplayer action, with ducks...and a button solely dedicated to quacking.10/10, best 10 dollars you'll spend."
76561198116408092,Recommended,312530,21674611,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Guldorf,"fun with friends, not if alone, get some friends you lazy ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,312530,21712997,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jammed,Only buy it if you are going to play it with your friends.
,Recommended,312530,21484958,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Akaboogalo Boss,"Excellent level editor, awesome top 5 in local multiplayer, and decent online! This game is an awesome boredom remover where you can create your own hats and maps, and play them with friends! If the developers are reading this, please bring the ""Death Ray"" into the game, I saw it in the level editor and loved the concept. It can be used in local multiplayer if you guys didn't know."
,Recommended,312530,16287388,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Steven,"You must know what this game is about by now. It's about ducks. It's real fun.There are a few bugs/production glitches that are minor annoyances, but the positives outweigh the negatives.They are as follows;Music doesn't loop well at allIn some situations, the picture becomes distorted around the edge of the screenSome bugs in matchmaking can make it difficult to play (rare)Progress in single player missions was wiped for some reason...?Anyway.. It's good!"
,Recommended,312530,21655951,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jaspurr,"Great game overall, fast paced high skill-cap pvp. Kind of dependant on a stable internet connection, but a quack-button makes more than up for it. Very gode"
76561198144711861,Recommended,312530,16502657,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Johnnylight0,"Super fun game.Perfect for friends or lonely ducks like my self.A lot of people say that it's hard to play on a keyboard, but that's not true.I play on a keyboard and i have no problems, i even won a few matches just now.All i did was change 2 buttons and i was ready to play."
76561198048884166,Recommended,312530,23644881,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Vexna,Quack
,Recommended,312530,21004855,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SpookyJam,One of the best Local Multiplayer games on Steam. A must have.
,Recommended,312530,26345038,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dodger,"A very good, lightning fast multiplayer party game. Rounds consist of 10% skill, 15% luck, and 100% duck."
,Recommended,312530,16604397,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Raspberry Thievery,It's a quacking good time to play duck game with friends.  I mean it has a dedicated quack button and there were many laughs after some rounds played.  Ideal couch multiplayer.
76561197985736281,Recommended,312530,22891874,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sportlunch,"A really fun, competitive 2D shooter. Tight controls, fast paced and silly in the best way. You have a designated quacking button. With pitch-shift capabilites.It works best with 3-4 people in my opinion. It has online play, but also works just fine locally (if you have enough controllers at hand). I played it a lot after buying it, and it's kept a solid place since as a go-to party game.It has a nice retro soundtrack. Also a decent level variety, which is chosen from at random, so players need to make strategies during the couple of seconds before a match starts. Given the variety of interesting guns and accessories, players often have the opportunity to pit different strategies against each other.Highly recommended."
76561197986117847,Recommended,312530,27442424,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unlight,"What can you really say?This is good, friendly, friendzy, violent fun.Fast paced duckviolence simulator.Enjoy with friends."
76561197998949153,Recommended,312530,18085263,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Winetta Scarlet™,Ok the game is great. Its been a blast playing it and i think its one of those games thats good to play with friends and with random people online. although I just had it crash twice in a row while making a level. Its really annoying to spend 30 minutes making a level(twice) and having the game ♥♥♥♥ing crash(twice). It was fine last night but its just keeps crashing.
,Recommended,312530,18180012,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Eminem,no bread!!
,Recommended,312530,22695872,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BigRaims,5/7
,Recommended,312530,26621967,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Elephant,"This is Best game...just, yah, I was playing this...and I was a yellow duck with a Fridge on its head. soooo yes best game. In all honesty this is one of the funniest games i've ever played and a lot of funny moments have come out of this...just dont play it by yourself, or else you wont have as much fun. They give you the option of a four pack for a reason."
76561198255058104,Recommended,312530,19611329,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Melancholy Watermelon,"Fast, Fun, and Action packed 2d shooting at it's finest. Better with friends, this game is absolutely stunning, ever wanna play as a duck wearing a burger on it's head throwing a sword into a portal that leads to 3 more portals which hits a switch that activates a mini gun that fires into gasoline, setting fire to an unlucky enemy? In this game you can!"
,Recommended,312530,16285623,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Melonade,I can quack when I press E10/10
,Recommended,312530,22695770,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Soro,Shoot and quack equals fun.
,Recommended,312530,18510184,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bye Everybody.,Duck had minigun.I had a crate.Duck jumps over a launcher.I throw the crate.The crate kills Duck.11/10 Would quack again.
,Recommended,312530,19379675,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Brian,"OMGeezorz!!   This game violates EVERY rule of fun that is available.  If you purchase and play this game be adviseed that local authorities WILL arrive at your front door as this game violates EVERY rule of ""too much fun"" in existance/known to man.  PLEASE buy this game and help support the developers!"
,Recommended,312530,19332845,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,brendone,quack button gives me ptsd
,Recommended,312530,19207492,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,๖ۣۜAirportHobo༻,"I recomend this game cause its really unpredictable what strat you have to think, also this game is really fun in my opinion and plus instead of blood it the duck drops feathers that is why i recomend this game!"
,Recommended,312530,19081614,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Some Lombax,Quack
,Recommended,312530,18349190,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nandoah,Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quackquack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack  quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quack quack quack  quack quack quack quack  quack  quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack  quackquack quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack quack quack quack quack quack  quackquack-quack quack
,Recommended,312530,18401450,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,JoJ The Rat,"Thank you, Adult Swim.All you ever do is impress me.One day we will meet.Same day, we will have sex.9 months later, we will have a child.Same day, I will propose to you.10 years later, we are sitting on our porch.I die of heart failure and you bury me next to my dog, Rumsfeld.Thank you, Adult Swim."
,Recommended,312530,17484881,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,MiLES,I LOVE THIS GAME! I DESCRIBE IT AS SUPER SMASH BROS BUT WITH DUCKS..... AND GUNS!
,Recommended,312530,17882919,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,not your average loli,"Quack quack, mothaducka."
,Recommended,312530,17747260,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,birthday nekk,super smash ducks simulator 2015
76561198194475283,Recommended,312530,17166682,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Pizzadestroyer2,"I bought this game because it looks cool, and fun Multiplayer, but then I realise that i dont have any friends ;-;"
,Recommended,312530,16818461,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kaz_Live,"This game plays like if Towerfall was mixed in with some Wario Ware. Each level you battle on is fast paced and you will need to make sure your brain is on so you can react fast enough to everything that is happening.Also, I never thought how important a quack button would be to me, until I started playing this game."
76561198081161043,Recommended,312530,16871137,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,"This game is a 2-4 player versus battle similar to Towerfall except for:1. You are a duck.2. You shoot guns (and chainsaws, swords, etc.)3. The platforming controls are slick and responsive.4. There is a button that has no purpose other than quacking.Pros:Tight controls that will feel great to people who love games like Super Mario Bros.Online battles.Intense shoot-outs between ducks.Hilarious.A quack button.Cons:Keyboard controls are very clunky and weird.Online is a bit finicky.If you don't have 2 XBox Controllers and a friend, it's hard to have fun with the game.Overall: Quack/10Disclaimer: You should probably not buy the game to play online. Just grab some friends, some controllers, and have fun!I hope this review helps you judge whether you should buy the game or not."
,Recommended,312530,16915952,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,DaddyDenied,"I don't know what the Adult Swim guys have been smoking, but I want some."
,Recommended,312530,17103423,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[AB] Bladgrim,"So yeah, uhh, I got trapped in a net, fell on my opponent's head, and won. And you thought captivity was a bad thing. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16966154,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,bop it,This game is insanely fun and extremely chaotic with 4 players; featuring competitive viability.
76561198200933998,Recommended,312530,16968055,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,lisablack362,This game is an absolute must have. i highly recommend buying this. The soundtrack is just as good to. Quack on dudes XD. you wont be disappointed.
,Recommended,312530,16727234,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,escape sauce,My friend and i were going to smoke weed but we got caught up playing duckgame. 10/10 kept me from doing drugs
,Recommended,312530,17403841,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MUDU,A fantastic multiplayer experience
,Recommended,312530,17239149,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ferd Meyers,10/10 Would Duck
76561198214233000,Recommended,312530,17748636,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BasicPants,Hillarious. Ducks with guns. Ducks with guns+multiplayer=non stop laugh-crying. Its ducks hunting.... more ducks..... whats not to love. Buy it. No reason not to. You will die of laughter. If you dont you are not alive inside.
76561198032095974,Recommended,312530,17731303,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Xavier Hevertop,This game is not fun without a head
,Recommended,312530,19824867,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,"Gazirel ""Madora""",I dont write reviews.. normally.But let me say this.QUACK!'nuff said.
,Recommended,312530,16407298,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Oveneise,"So ducking fun. Supports local play, too, which Steam doesn't have listed for some reason.Buy it!"
,Recommended,312530,20796697,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,OhMyGodPancakes,"If you would like to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself from laughter, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,312530,20288406,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Scruffy McFluffy,Ducks. That is all.
,Recommended,312530,20329780,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AMCHEC,"Quite literally, the most fun multiplayer game I have ever played. Hands down it was one of 2015's best games. I'd put it close to the top with Witcher and Pillars of Eternity any day."
76561198068649596,Recommended,312530,20336907,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KNUKKLES,"this game makes so much fun.""easy to learn - hard to master"" really  is the case concerning this game!"
,Recommended,312530,20225718,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Spooky Milkshake,I can't stop quacking
,Recommended,312530,20212759,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kog,1. Launch game2. Play with friends3. Shot a net gun at a friend and I threw him off.10/10 Would ruin friendships again
,Recommended,312530,20022985,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sevarack,Quack QuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuack                                                                                                                                                                                  Best game of 2013 2014 1016 and every year ever!
76561198047807918,Recommended,312530,19864930,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,{> Tru <} Captain Cyrus,"Still waiting for ""Mallard"" DLC, otherwise great game 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,22714205,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Team Visor| Goak,IZ GOOD
76561198126969804,Recommended,312530,22717334,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,✪ V.I.P,Fun with friends ^ . ^
,Recommended,312530,22746665,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dex,*Furiously mashes the quack button*
,Recommended,312530,22764424,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Snootleboop,Won by standing still the entire time10/10 would reccomend to my entire joint family
,Recommended,312530,22768144,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bepis,Gud
76561198087360830,Recommended,312530,22771925,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Birds That Quack,you put on a hat and shoot other people...as a duck...what could be better
,Recommended,312530,22728990,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Bacon King,Great game...30/1
,Recommended,312530,23203476,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,✪BronyCW✪,"quack,quack"
,Recommended,312530,22209172,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Whats My Buckets?,"Awesome game, feel like I find something new every time I play it. Worth. Every. Penny."
,Recommended,312530,26795363,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheEggmo,Best played while drunk
,Recommended,312530,26844847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rayan Solo,Cool party game
,Recommended,312530,28809186,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,King Jesus,hot dog great game
,Recommended,312530,26967292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,❖Vine-toberfest,"""Is that a duck with a turd on its head shooting a gun?""Yes. Yes, it is."
76561198079978699,Recommended,312530,28795633,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LagMeester4000,quack
76561197977162728,Recommended,312530,26745359,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Wenobi,You're a duck which shoots other ducks while saying quack. What is not to like here?
,Recommended,312530,27302495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YoloCrayolo3,This is the best farm animal game#DuckGame for Steam Farm Animal award
76561198060457633,Recommended,312530,26936670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bc.albrecht,"You are a duck, everybody else is a duck too. Now go out there and kill them!Single Player- compete in various challenges that award you points to unlock various hats to dress up your duck in multiplayer.Multiplayer- Great Multiplayer and guess what people are still active last time I checked, and they even updated it with some Halloween themed  hats. Some minor things that people exploit but overall will be a fun time with little toxicity.Can do free for all or have teams.Audio - catchy beats for killing ducks.Level Editor- Easy enough to use but I never had that much fun using it.Quack!Quack!Quack!Quack!Quack!Quack!Quack!Quack!"
,Recommended,312530,27382031,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Diablo Verde,Ducks? Check.Guns? Check.Hats? Check.Sick Drum Solos? Check.
76561198069605549,Recommended,312530,28317008,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dramadipplelimmia,"its a pwetty gweat gameee lave it, 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,312530,27857360,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sardines 4 Dinner,Kuk Game
,Recommended,312530,26940295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hazquatch,ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC ANTHROPHOBIC DUCK BATTLING GAMEPLAYBEST INDIE ALT ARENA GAME YOU WILL PLAY THIS DECADE1v1 4v4 EXCELLENCEBUY NOW FOR THE LAUGHS AND HOWLSREFUND IF YOU HAVE NO SENSE OF HUMOUR10/10
,Recommended,312530,26948028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Desolate,"Solo lo hago por el badge, saludos desde chile"
,Recommended,312530,28519008,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tnakman,Pros:-Fun to play with friends-You can quack-Level editor-Cool Music-You play as a duck-You can quack-Fun as hell-Hats-You can quackCons:-None. You are a duck and you can quack.
,Recommended,312530,26596569,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,$pongebobby $hmurda Pants,good
,Recommended,312530,28964788,Posted: 2 January,all,ШнıтԑШօւԲ,"This game really hands down, is the best game I have played in the past few years. Every time I play this I laugh so much, no other game gives so much joy to the point where I say: Thank you for releasing this game, its an honor to play :D"
76561198057592739,Recommended,312530,29134669,Posted: 8 January,all,MCJFT,Funniest game to play with friends ever. Gets very competitive when you learn some skills
76561198045960273,Recommended,312530,25445047,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,2Cheeki4Breeki,Quack your way to victory
,Recommended,312530,27942454,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kidd,"Worth the money if your friends have the game. Mostly play it for the Mulitplayer, although the single player challenges are not bad at all."
,Recommended,312530,17151904,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Decana,Imagine dying then add ducks then a horrific duck tsunami. You stop the tsunami with a chainsaw then your friend joins you he then betrays you because he is an old man on a mission so you shoot a net at him. Little do you know nets cant stop old men nothing can except  maybe a flamethrower or a chainsaw but for now we are focusing on the net gun you mss him with the net gun because you suck at aiming the old man is now running at you with a chainsaw. What do you do? You become the old man that is his only weakness you find a pistol shoot him in the face he dies but he actually he doesn't. YOU WERE THE OLD MAN THE WHOLE TIMEget this game i rate 8/8 m8
76561198136854573,Recommended,312530,17608210,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Roguemaster,This game has a dedicated quack button. That is all you need to know to purchase this game right ♥♥♥♥ing now.
76561198065860631,Recommended,312530,17529012,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ⓡⓤⓢⓢⓘⓐⓝ ⓗⓐⓜ,ive bought the game 6 times its really good
76561198079608432,Recommended,312530,17584965,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Giuseppe,Quack Quack Quack 10/10 would Quack again
76561198020928306,Recommended,312530,20474802,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Serket,"This game... I have almost no words for this game.There is no others like it, its a joke game that actually has content. i only know of one of these and that is I am bread. This game is amazing, buying it was an amazign decision........run while you can the ducks control the internet, the media even th- QUACK QUACK QUACK"
,Recommended,312530,20740684,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Reach,There's a quack button. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,20635152,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SNAPPLE CROTCH,QUACK
76561198015375385,Recommended,312530,20617776,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SamuraiMorshu,"I'll keep this short and simple. Do you remember those beat-em ups and side-scrollers you and your siblings or friends used to play? Do you remember how much fun it was when there was so much going on at once you couldn't keep track of anything?Well, Duck Game is kind of like that but every single game, all the time, forever. Combined with numerous Hats, level and weapon variety, and a limitless Quack Button, it has everything you could ever need in a game. Buy it full price, the developers deserve it."
,Recommended,312530,16266506,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ace of Hearts,"Enjoyable. Basically competitive contra. Controls have been a bit weird for me to completely set up on a keyboard, but I think it's just a game you want to control with your keyboard."
76561198164313363,Recommended,312530,22151523,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Epicarti,"If you have friends, play this becuse its fun as hell.If you dont have friends.. im sorry.. play this game online and make friendsIGN 10/420"
,Recommended,312530,22271944,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Thierry Baudet,Most fun I've ever had and most I've ever wanted to shoot my friends. 9.5Ducks/10
,Recommended,312530,22933245,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BearDollars,There is only *quack quack* duck *quack* game.
,Recommended,312530,27996157,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CANDN,"this game is simple, fight to the death with ducks. with diverse guns. once you get into it you get addicted. this game is easy to learn, but hard to master, and i recommend. but if your looking at this postive review it obviously should ring a bell and say BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!"
76561198099455678,Recommended,312530,28658849,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Randy Savage,its good
,Recommended,312530,29305106,Posted: 16 January,all,DownTown Funk,Duck
76561198339358580,Recommended,312530,28577813,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rice man,i love this game for its good controller compatibility and custimization i also love the vs multiplayer mode it is very fun. however i feel like the arcade portion of the game is less exiting then the vs mode.so if you are getting this ame for single player then i would save my money
,Recommended,312530,28764334,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheGumpSquad,"Duck Game is tense, fun, and hilarious. The solo challenges may not be the most intense thing in the world, but they are a great way to get a solid understanding of controls and mechanics. The game demands a lot of you if you want to get gold medals in challenges. The local co op is great, and every second is fast-paced and ridiculous. I can't speak for the online experience, but the solo and local modes are well worth the price of admission."
76561198076711724,Recommended,312530,28815866,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,boat,It's good.Pretty good.
76561198349027960,Recommended,312530,29233666,Posted: 13 January,all,jordanbhicks1,"Love duck game! It's fun, fast paced, and doesn't take itself too seriously. The community that plays it is lighthearted for the most part. It's competetive, but not at the level that it will ruin friendships. To sum it up, it's got a really good balance on most aspects. The only issue I have sometimes is lag, but it's not anything worse than what I'm used to with gaming online. And the occasional glitch can be bothersome, or REALLY funny. That's what I love about this game. It makes me smile, and it makes me laugh.I liked it so much I bought it twice. Originally for the OUYA, but since it didn't have online multiplayer, and I moved away from my friends I played it with, I got it here on steam.Overall great game, and it's definitely worth the few dollars it costs."
,Recommended,312530,27039647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,No Aim Be Still,Best Duck Based Game On Steam
,Recommended,312530,27421389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sexy Horseman,Quack
76561198046437961,Recommended,312530,21821194,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ash,"This game is quacking, really fits the bill. Glad I found it on the web. Runs swimmingly well too, no flapping around with settings needed."
76561198160017682,Recommended,312530,25448902,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Thumblore,My friends and I just loved this game. It's just so much fun and competitive. My best buy yet (not that I've got many games) but i would want anyone who likes playing with friends and playing locally to get this game.
76561198197219830,Recommended,312530,24781213,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NinjaOrangeDuck,"This review is for you,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Hat Duck. Quack on."
,Recommended,312530,25384548,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,JohnnyBoy,"Really fun game to play with friends online or some couch friends, this game has the perfect combination of fun, fast pace, and stupidity. Extremely fast paced game, gotta have those inhuman reactions to play for real. But all in all its a game that you can just have some fun with or you can have full out tournaments with your friends. Two thumbs up!"
76561198275770803,Recommended,312530,21575475,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,aw3som3fac3,great game when played with freinds
76561198073927459,Recommended,312530,21324115,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Twinkie,>my friends are in the middle of a shootout>both of them run out of ammo>I enter>waste both of them>quack10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,21936257,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Doctor,"General discussion:This game is just so fun i've played 230 hours and still not bored.There are a few glitches in this game but they aren't gamebreaking they don't ruin your experience they just make the online more fun, For example you can have a few funny moments with the magnet gun if you latch on and off a person really quickly with the magnet gun they sometimes turn mutated one time I got killed with it and the person was floating and there entire body was just running on there side.Pros: In-game map makerA lot of premade levelsAround 20 weaponsHours of funNo hackersand much more I can't think of from the top of my head:Cons: People don't play this game much (Well, In australia atleast)You will need a new keyboard if you play this with a drinkYou will lose your lifeThe grenades explosion radius is so random it's untrueYou haven't bought this game"
76561198079339183,Recommended,312530,22490449,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pulpatine,Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack
76561198015337379,Recommended,312530,22293664,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Habs,11/10. Much ducks... Many yes. pls play with me<3
,Recommended,312530,22806436,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bytons,kvääk kvääk/10
,Recommended,312530,22114691,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,I still haven't played it.
76561198375240696,Recommended,312530,30782885,Posted: 27 March,all,PhilBirdman,"Worth it, if your looking for an over-the-top game about ducks murdering each other."
,Recommended,312530,27355839,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ᴉsdǝd,"Good fun game, works well for parties n stuff."
76561198168460859,Recommended,312530,30430385,Posted: 10 March,all,jacob88123,Would recommend for anyone who likes party games
76561198069122702,Recommended,312530,29997139,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,Quack
,Recommended,312530,31126473,Posted: 13 April,all,Blobfish 101,This is one of the best local multiplayer games I have played! Would recommend getting the 4 pack and playing with friends. Also there is a dedicated quack button. Need I say more?
,Recommended,312530,32691668,Posted: 23 June,all,=(e)= Cookie,Wildly addicting and just as fun online as it is with your friends.  You can use a controller to play but it's not required. The only thing that is required is to have a fun time playing this awesome game
,Recommended,312530,23976459,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ski,made by god himself.
,Recommended,312530,28249860,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Caure,This. Game. Is. Awesome. I played at least 72 hours(someone in my friend account). This game worth a money that she cost.
76561198100582591,Recommended,312530,32653499,Posted: 22 June,all,THe Bean Te4m,"This game reminds me of when my uncle used to come over and tell me to ""pet the duck"" too bad I have no idea what that means so I just chomped his left index finger clean in half. After this he refused to talk about Planet X or Area 51 with me anymore which is pretty  sad now that I think about it. The old man used to be the highlight of all family parties until the accident. Sometimes we still hang out but he is rather silent and our fun family time has turned into awkward staring and silence. Why am I telling you all this? Well, it's because Duck Game has brought all the love back into our relationship. Sometimes I feel like I never had his meaty, sweaty, wrinkled finger between my rotten teeth. Duck Game is a game about ducks and if you can somehow tolerate reading this trash I've been spewing on the screen for way too long you'll have no problem perfectly understanding the game mechanics. Too bad the reptilians will get me before I post this review."
,Recommended,312530,32261468,Posted: 7 June,all,Liberty|712|ಥ_ಥ,"when in doubt, just quack it up. quack quack"
,Recommended,312530,32830884,Posted: 26 June,all,TheSacredChurro,Its a fun game! (definitely not leaving a review to get that one badge)
,Recommended,312530,26947599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buddy Boy,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,32907755,Posted: 27 June,all,oranges,after the accident this has definitly filled the void.
,Recommended,312530,26927691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seldaphar,"Duck Game is, from a regular viewpoint, an extremely fun and hilarious multiplayer 2D platformer about ducks shooting eachother, with some pretty nice music to boot.However from a more close inspected viewpoint. Duck game is an incredibly mechanic dense game with a skill cap in the high heavens. Once you go from not knowing which button is shoot and which is throw, to doing down angles through walls via rapid buttons presses, you'll see what i mean by Skill cap.Easy to learn, hard to master. Fun, Addiciting, Quack.10/10"
76561198003008441,Recommended,312530,33008753,Posted: 29 June,all,Nasty Dog,"Dis game make you shoot the duck, it is a good."
76561198124346831,Recommended,312530,32988897,Posted: 29 June,all,Q6Sides,ooooooh this game makes me dOPE OUT
76561198081065434,Recommended,312530,32995606,Posted: 29 June,all,orihagi,yes
,Recommended,312530,33020611,Posted: 29 June,all,Zee Captain,good game
,Recommended,312530,33005096,Posted: 29 June,all,"[TGS] Agneel ""Sky"" Dragneel","Probably one of the most crziest and exciting games you could own and play with friends, or even randoms, takes a while to get used to the controls but it is an overall great game that could have more things added to it potentially in the future."
,Recommended,312530,32946519,Posted: 28 June,all,The Fabulous Seagoat,"I quack, I die, I quack again"
,Recommended,312530,33386717,Posted: 8 July,all,ShoePlastic,quack
76561198021258860,Recommended,312530,33324840,Posted: 6 July,all,Durin IV,This is the best Quacking game of all time.
,Recommended,312530,32894147,Posted: 27 June,all,MangoShit,"The perfect game to match the phrase ''Don't judge a book by its cover'' this game is much more than it seems.The multiplayer is fun as hell, the single player to.you can even do mods, download maps from the workshop and do your own charcter!ADDICTIVE!!!"
76561198081959518,Recommended,312530,16899952,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Asian Persuasion,"This game is awesome.You've gotta try it, especially with your friends.You'd be shocked at how this game actually takes a lot of skill to play.Music is great, weapons are fantastic, a lot of creativity went into this! I love it.Just look at those trailers!If you're looking for fun, this is it!"
76561198093537078,Recommended,312530,21321167,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Locomotohobo,"I you are looking for a fun game to play with your friends look no further. I have wasted so much time playing the duck game, but it has been totally worth it! Its just a simple platform game with a twist.... Ducks!10/10 would kill ducks again"
,Recommended,312530,18001947,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Calpol,10/10 would quack again
76561198206581056,Recommended,312530,33161811,Posted: 2 July,all,K45HC1LL4,"with the right friends, Endless hours of fun."
,Recommended,312530,21268940,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[IN]VADER,"Duck Game. Quite easily some of the best fun for your money. Its like Super Smash Bros but with guns, and everyone got turned into a duck, which made them mad enough to kill everyone on site. Bond with and loathe your friends at the same while rubbing your victory in their face with a button that does nothing but quack. Seriously. Buy this. Now."
,Recommended,312530,33092294,Posted: 1 July,all,justin lol,you can quack
,Recommended,312530,33171536,Posted: 3 July,all,XdreJ,Playable for 10-20 hours(only with friends)
,Recommended,312530,26785355,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LMonstro,The most fun online versus game I've played.
,Recommended,312530,33167472,Posted: 2 July,all,The Hamburglar,not worth the price wait for a sale less than $6 dont make my mistake
,Recommended,312530,27211699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nox_Luna,"duck game is a great time-burner with friends. controls are simple and tight. great variety in weapons and environments. The experience is never the same twice when playing with friends, so in theory, a deeper pool of friends to play with means infinite experiences. Duck game is also fun to come back to after a long hiatus.Only downside is its not as much fun single player although the challenges the game put up for you are good to sink some time into for the modifiers. :)"
,Recommended,312530,32260430,Posted: 7 June,all,Catspaw Fhynne,"If you go in taking this game not seriously, it's the best party game you could ever ask for. The game has continually received updates from its release, and it shows that the developers absolutely love every ounce of work they've put into the game.Some of the maps are set up in one side's favor, though. If a friend spawns near the only gun in the map, expect to have a bad time. Or not, cuz' you can throw a crate right into his head and let the gun fly into your hands. The possibilities in this game are literally endless."
,Recommended,312530,27369478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Missus Putin,"If you don't like this game you may be a quack.haHAA .But srsly this game is deceptively simple, insanely fun and not hearthstone.haHAA .Good deathmatch or ragdoll game. Recommend friends."
,Recommended,312530,33223910,Posted: 4 July,all,DunkSiR,"This game is a masterpieace, the only bad thing on it, there is no co op mode and it makes me little sad, rly fun game 9/10"
,Recommended,312530,32956504,Posted: 28 June,all,Calemity,10/10 It's all it's Quacked up to be.
76561198064981396,Recommended,312530,32974261,Posted: 28 June,all,Zing Zapper,Quack
,Recommended,312530,16369366,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,♥Spoopy Umby_  ♥,This game is a Great Game to play with a couple of friends late at night
76561197960872840,Recommended,312530,27723778,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dankronomicon,Lots of fun to be had here.Sit down with three other friends for a party/couch game that will have you laughing and yelling at each other in no time.Many good times had and many more to come I'm sure.
,Recommended,312530,19851383,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Duffy,There's Ducks 10/10
,Recommended,312530,32844953,Posted: 27 June,all,wildghost03,you can start a duck band.
76561198163470129,Recommended,312530,29551578,Posted: 28 January,all,Fatspiderman,Ducks
,Recommended,312530,33118748,Posted: 2 July,all,Will Smith,"Game runs smooth as heck on my hunk of junk of a laptop, best played with at LEAST one friend. Bought the four pack on sale and its about to get wild as heck, Good game 10/10"
76561198371105308,Recommended,312530,33052513,Posted: 30 June,all,medic is spy,its good bro!
76561197977959137,Recommended,312530,16373755,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Not-Another-Capcom-Zombie,It's like bomber man but with guns and ducks instead. Also there is a button to quack.
,Recommended,312530,32902105,Posted: 27 June,all,Abuelo,Nice indie game.It needs more ducks.
,Recommended,312530,16318757,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,FoxesVenom,Best Game Ever!!! We were able to play it b4 it got released thanks to our friend who helped design it and it was amazing in Alpha.  Can't wait to see what new updates they'll add.
,Recommended,312530,29020162,Posted: 4 January,all,Whitey McKnighterson,The quack button is the most innovative and brilliant thing ever to grace this Earth.
,Recommended,312530,22760215,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Himkey,"in the free weekend i played a lot of this game, A LOT!8 hours in 1 day.i understand why people write negative reviews but you HAVE to play a bit of singleplayer to be able to use the basic controls, then go on to multiplayer and create a game, you have to train a lot in multiplayer to fully get a hold of the controls, after a couple hours you might get a trophy.congratulations!i am very determined to buy this game and i cant wait for future updates."
,Recommended,312530,27075757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zuki,"It's duck shooting each other, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,312530,16866015,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,long cock,My friend loves it.
,Recommended,312530,21117206,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Harv Albert Rechid,"10/10One note is singleplayer is mostly just to get better, like practice for multiplayer. Single player has chalenges, not normal matches like in multiplayer."
76561198012599939,Recommended,312530,22761054,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Svenir,The best local coop game i have ever played with my friends.
,Recommended,312530,16302799,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bearman,I don't think I have had this much fun playing a game in a long time.Firstly who doesn't want to vs a bunch of friends in a fast paced skill (and sometimes a little luck) Duck rampage? The music is fantastic as well. I find myself just rocking out to the chip tune-esque music while I quack my way to victory. The typical pixel graphics had never been something I appreciated however I feel it fits here. The pixel style fits the fun arcadey game play and isn't distracting from the faced paced action.My only complaint is the sometimes long queues which can be fixed as more people play this masterpiece. I highly recommend everyone getting it and encouraging their friends to as I have. So please purchase and play this fantastic game.Quack!
,Recommended,312530,28215326,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,PickleFISH96,"A great game until your friend kicks you for killing them on the music stage, on your winning game."
76561198114239912,Recommended,312530,22750485,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pookus,"Duck Game is by far THE funniest game I have ever played. There has never been a time where I've gone through a gaming session of Duck Game without crying from laughing. This game is 10x better with a group of friends, but still very fun w/out. I highly recommend downloading community-made maps from the workshop and creating your own.If you're looking for a retro-style game that you can come home to and smile endlessly, get this game.GET DUCK GAME"
,Recommended,312530,16513151,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rynex,"sleeper hit of 2015if you do not own duck game, then i am sorry for you(But really, Duck Game is a really chill party arena game that delivers.)"
,Recommended,312530,16733659,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,iTs HaRd To bRiDgE cAmP FoG,Too much quack 7.8/10
,Recommended,312530,31515291,Posted: 2 May,all,Rockhead,"Duck Game is an amazing game with graphics and a plotline that puts Triple A titles of 2017 in the can.PlotFirst of all, Duck Game has an amazing plotline that will leave you in awe from the start, and tears at the end. There are numerous amounts of challenges in the campaign that will leave you laughing with a platinum trophy or you yelling at it with a bronze trophy. There is one Duck that is there at your side throughout the entire game. His name is Chancy. Chancy has given me advice on how to become one with the Duck Game and he has given me a few extra challenges along the way. Chancy is my friend, best friend for that matter, and he comes before my other friends, my schoolwork, my social life and everything else. After I completed every one of Chancy's challenges, I was left with tears knowing that I wouldn't be able to have any more unique dialogue with him anymore.GraphicsTo be honest, Duck Game has texture quality that blows Tom Clancy's Wildlands out of the water. Every detail is clear to the pixel. If you put binoculars right up to your monitor, it still looks like you're looking out of a window. I die almost every round because I am just in awe with the scenery around me.Only other time I die is when someone gets spawned in a stupid 1 sided area. For example, there is one map when my friend got a shotgun spawned next to him, and I got hammer. It was a pretty flat map so RIP me.MultiplayerI really don't want to talk about multiplayer because you should already know that it is the best way to spend time with 1 or more friends. Now, I know it is hard to convince ONE friend to get this game, but oh my lordy lord, this game got me off Overwatch, CSGO, GTA V, etc. This game, is the face of PC gaming.10.13/10"
,Recommended,312530,16281896,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mint-Tech,"Really had fun playing this, lots of laughs - cant wait to play it again with others! Just loved being continually surprised with the new weapons and levels. Totally retro graphics, back when games didn't have to be clever with effects, cannot recommend multi player highly enough, Recorded the gameplay on my FizzyMint channel."
76561198072194893,Recommended,312530,33228349,Posted: 4 July,all,Billy Blazes,"Sure it's a nice game for brutaly blowing yourself up but the highlight is that it NEVER STOPS RUNNING!I'm acctualy very confused as to why it does that considering there is no open game anywhere, but whatever.  Time to rack up most hours played I guess.EDIT: Okay it finnaly stopped. lel."
,Recommended,312530,33699123,Posted: 21 July,all,MasterCookieLord,A cool game to play with friends and pass time on
,Recommended,312530,25235220,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mehigh,"You quack once, you'll never stop quacking"
,Recommended,312530,33066057,Posted: 30 June,all,sudokucidal,A fun multiplayer platformer game where the only objective is to kill everyone else. Lots of fun!
,Recommended,312530,32555598,Posted: 18 June,all,rulerofnothing,Perfect game to play with friends in a call of some sort till the wee hours of the morning. Wouldn't reccomend for ultra serious gamers or people who want to play with Randy's online. It makes a good party game too.
,Recommended,312530,17114296,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Enza Denino,Yes
76561197999235138,Recommended,312530,33687784,Posted: 20 July,all,Dovahkiin,quack
,Recommended,312530,33729143,Posted: 22 July,all,Rushhawk,ducking gr8 m8
76561198285905787,Recommended,312530,33636776,Posted: 18 July,all,Christian,I like it. Duck Game is a fst paced shooter where you control a duck. OH YEAH!
,Recommended,312530,27362971,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cale,duck game best game quack quack quack
,Recommended,312530,16772047,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hatmars,Can't get enough duck in your life? Need some space to vent out your rage on everything duck (and some)? Look no further that this game!
,Recommended,312530,34241716,Posted: 14 August,all,Tarukai Samurai,"This is a really fun and crazy game. It is a simple, but creative game with a great of community. There is so much stuff to do and it is easy to play. It also can run on most computer systems. I recommend this game. I wish it was on android though, most phones these days would be able to run it easily."
,Recommended,312530,26357690,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Uncle Jobel,mastapeece
76561198204374020,Recommended,312530,22566005,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,pig,"Tied with ""The Binding of Issac: Rebirth"" for my favorite game of all time. If you have friends, or want to make friends, play this game. This game is a ton of fun for new players and veterans who know all of the tricks to the game. The only thing that could improve the expiriance in my opinion is if I could buy the soundtrack. Or dare I say, ""Soundquack."" The best round I've ever played has to be where I flew up off of the screen with a jetpack, threw a lava bucket, and someone was standing in the exact spot where it landed, killing them instantly. 10 out of freaking 10"
,Recommended,312530,31594253,Posted: 6 May,all,Average Alchemist,"This is the best local multiplayer game on steam, and a really good online one if you can get at least 1 friend to play it with you.It's a wacky platformer/shooter last-man-standing game. Everyone has 1 hp, and there are no respawns.Rounds are very short, and everytime a round ends it switches to a random map.The mechanics of this game are quite funny and simple so it works good as a party game, but there's also a surprisingly high skill-ceiling so that you can enjoy more competetive matches too.Throwing a grenade at someone and they pick it up while they were trying to pickup a weapon, shooting darts that usually are usless to push someone just far enough that they fall off or hit a hazard, getting stuck in a net and watching terrified hoping that they don't manage to kill you before you get out, getting lit on fire and running into everyone else so they get lit on fire too, using a bible to convert someone to your team for that round, throwing rocks and crates and someone walking right under it and getting crushed, dieing because the recoil of your gun sent you off the map, grapple-hooking around like your spiderman having too much fun moving to bother actually killing the enemy, someone standing still because theyre no ontop of a mine and if they move too fast itll explode, screwing around with saxaphones and other instruments, and other moments like these keep the game hilarious and interesting.There's also a crap-ton of workshop mods, maps, and extra hats for when the default stuff gets a bit old."
76561198041199233,Recommended,312530,27071332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dubious Doobie,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,28814003,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Taxinghail487,"yo, super duper fun game, it was worth the 10$ and i certainly recommend this game"
,Recommended,312530,34307258,Posted: 17 August,all,g3cko,Most fun and addicicting game ever.
,Recommended,312530,16458871,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CannedDisaster,Why are you reading this review? There are plenty of those here. You could instead be playing Duck Game right now.
76561198158573798,Recommended,312530,23766029,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AJG117,Great game as long as you have friends
76561198203772887,Recommended,312530,23771566,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Arroyo,Its really fun with friends!
,Recommended,312530,21759253,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Life Is Pain,No longer have to write an auto biography.
,Recommended,312530,34700819,Posted: 2 September,all,Lil Dicky,"Duck Game is quite possibly one of the best games i've ever played. A year and a half later and im still having a lot of fun playing it.  The base game is fantastic in every which way along with the soundtrack but the game is enhanced when you're playing with friends. If you ever want to spice things up just add some mods and custom maps. I highly recommend this game to everyone, it's a blast. 10/10---Best 12$ I've ever spent."
,Recommended,312530,34688053,Posted: 2 September,all,calamk10,"Duck Game has got to be one of the greatest multiplayer games fo all time. Playing this game with a few friends is one of the greatest possible experiecnes you will ever have together. Duck Game is fairly simplistic in the controls and the goal but the levels, the weapons and the skill that you come to gain by playing this game makes each game more interesting than the last.This game is a great buy even without a discount."
,Recommended,312530,34625474,Posted: 30 August,all,PERO PERO PERO PERO PERO PERO !,"I've played over 200 hours of this game (including offline which steam doesn't count for some reason, and this isthelocal multiplayer game. Never have I had as much fun in a game as this game. With the game's incredibly designed physics, weird and awesome occurances deliver countless hours of fun. This is compounded by the devoted fanbase that creates hundreds of mods to constantly reinvigorate the game and the dedicated sole developer who has supported the game for years. If I had to pick a favorite game, it would be DUCK GAME."
76561198064681443,Recommended,312530,34709007,Posted: 3 September,all,Jewish vampire,"Kill your friends, and look good doing it."
76561198059122748,Recommended,312530,18301766,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sus Avocado,♥♥♥♥♥Game
,Recommended,312530,34702720,Posted: 2 September,all,DJ K3ViN |-/,Quack quack mother f****rIf I had to describe this game in two words:hell. yes.
76561198263273075,Recommended,312530,32176340,Posted: 4 June,all,DL Sky,"Good game mechanics with a cool design , cool guns and the best thing: DUCKSHighly recommend it to trollers and people that like silly games :D"
,Recommended,312530,34664456,Posted: 1 September,all,Swaggys Weed,"All these little ♥♥♥♥♥es down here with like 2-60 hours little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥take it from me if you have an imagination,like to make levels, and you have friend. then you too can sink 280 hours into duck game10/10i give duck game my kids choice award."
76561198139493823,Recommended,312530,33296796,Posted: 5 July,all,BrutalViking,i can be a quacking duck with a frog hat10/10
,Recommended,312530,34657466,Posted: 1 September,all,Jester Thomas,"For my money the most quacks per minute I've ever had from a game. There's a dedicated button for quacking, that's about as much as you need to know.Seriously though very high skill cap and very competetive fun with friends. Even at high skill levels it remains hilarious."
,Recommended,312530,27730112,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Officer Burb | bonqo kill,Ducks are totally farm animals.
76561198090004373,Recommended,312530,26336396,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,King of the Nerdz,Ducks. and Guns. What is there not to love?
,Recommended,312530,22295413,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Halo1m,Great soundtrack and amazing fun and hilarity.BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥MANG
,Recommended,312530,34769722,Posted: 5 September,all,Spooky Skeleton Man,"Good game, good update, 10/10quack"
,Recommended,312530,34771001,Posted: 6 September,all,PirateDrake,Look at the titleLook at the coverEnough said
,Recommended,312530,18761872,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ThStardust,"Great party game, best played with friends. Cant recommend if you dont know anybody with the game, but if you do you wont regret it!"
76561198358460068,Recommended,312530,34774126,Posted: 6 September,all,Cheisu,Amazingly good
76561198246986708,Recommended,312530,34843389,Posted: 9 September,all,cedsitails,10/10 best game
,Recommended,312530,32503378,Posted: 17 June,all,ᵀʰᵉ ᶠʳᵉⁿᶜʰᵉˢᵗ ᶠʳʸ,"YIELDMakes 4 servings ACTIVE TIME15 min TOTAL TIME2 3/4 hrINGREDIENTS1 (5- to 6-lb) Long Island duck (also known as Pekin)2 cups boiling-hot water1 tablespoon kosher salt1 teaspoon black pepperPREPARATIONPut oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F.If necessary, cut off wing tips with poultry shears or a sharp knife. Remove and discard excess fat from body cavity and neck, then rinse duck inside and out. Prick skin all over with a sharp fork. Fold neck skin under body, then put duck, breast side up, on a rack in a 13- by 9- by 3-inch roasting pan and pour boiling-hot water over duck (to tighten skin). Cool duck, then pour out any water from cavity into pan. Pat duck dry inside and out, reserving water in pan, then rub duck inside and out with kosher salt and pepper.Roast duck, breast side up, 45 minutes, then remove from oven. Turn duck over using 2 wooden spoons, and roast 45 minutes more. Turn duck over again (breast side up), tilting duck to drain any liquid from cavity into pan. Continue to roast duck until skin is brown and crisp, about 45 minutes more (total roasting time: about 2 1/4 hours). Tilt duck to drain any more liquid from cavity into pan. Transfer duck to a cutting board and let stand 15 minutes before carving. Discard liquid in roasting pan. thats it"
,Recommended,312530,19596292,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,busterbeast,"This is most likely the best multiplayer game i have ever played! some friends come over every week and we bring all our consoles nes-ps4 and play all kind of games, but we ALWAYS play duck game! ALWAYS! its just so much fun! weather one of your friend is a deturmined killer out for blood or a care free sax player  this round will always end in some funny way. from grabing them by the head and jumping into a valcano with them to falling on and killing them after they trapped you in a net this is just a great game. the fact you can make any hat or map you want just makes the replayablity go thru the roof!  then theres the custom weapons that i still dont even know what they do! avoid the random map mod as most the time it spawns one person near guns and the others near... well a death pit, or nothing at all. that doesnt mean you lose though! the game is easy to learn but you never stop learning new tricks that can get you out of any situation. takeing out a ak47 armed homer with nothing but a banana is just amazing! blocking a sniper shot with a rock then dropping it on their head for swift victory is the way to go!Pros:fun easy to learn gameplayeven the most experienced player cannot win every matchskillful tactis and random flailinggreat workshop with maps and hats galorcan use custom hats online with an easy trickquick fun matches and long suspensful gameslocal co-op and take your friend(s) online with you to battle strangersteams are more of an idea than a rule as you can just end up killing you both but you share pointsquack button for perfectly timed taunts or meaningful convorsationsa highlights recap after the actiona warmhearted picture is take after the game is over and the winner has been chosen that is saved for future referncethe lobby can be almost as entertaining as the gamesingle player challanges of all kinds, target practice that shoots back to chainsaw raceingthe single player arcade can be used to unlock hats and special modifiersCons:not enough people playing it onlineit can take a few min to get a full match goingif one person leaves you are sent back to the lobbylaunches slow the first time you launch it per-computer restartcoming back much later the game can get a little stale after a while with to big of a skill gap but that is countered by all the people makeing maps weapons and hats that work together!its a great game to play by yourslef and an AMAZING game to play with friends!its worth the $ 13 for how much you will play this, it never gets old and you can always try something new.help fix the biggiest con by playing with friendly ducks from around the world!"
,Recommended,312530,33847368,Posted: 27 July,all,16 Empty Chairs,"First off, get this game. Right now. I promise you that it’s worth it.Duck Game is some of the most fun you can have in a game. It has lightning fast rounds, tons of guns, and hilarious physics. You can play easily with people online, or people on the couch next to you, or both at once. Like all great games, it’s  intuitive and easy to learn, but takes hundreds-if not thousands-of hours of practice to master.The sheer amount of combat tech stuffed into this ridiculous, amazingly fun game will surprise you. Get it. It’s just a fun, ridiculous, replayable game.10/10 would quack again."
,Recommended,312530,25279431,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Why So Serious,This game is very fun in multiplayer and has some single player challenges as well. The game is continually growing as the community grows with it and hopefully the full update will be out soon as well! It will be delayed until the PS4 port is finished.
76561198085078768,Recommended,312530,22751933,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fireball207,"Colorful visuals, lots of weapons, a level editor, frantic multiplayer, quack taunts, and last but not least, ducks with hats.What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,312530,26997438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HonkoHoonkaBoonk,Why have I wasted my life.....
,Recommended,312530,16422313,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Profuse Ducc,"What is not to say about Duck Game, I mean it has a quack button, you can ragdoll AND there are SO MANY HATS AND WEAPONS!Best duck simulator ever."
,Recommended,312530,22383009,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,br0k3n •υи∂єf•,great game.  great fun.  great way to make new friends.  buy a 4-pack
,Recommended,312530,31609546,Posted: 7 May,all,Junkwolves,Pros:A good game for playing with friendsCons:You have no friends
76561198160833681,Recommended,312530,29558041,Posted: 28 January,all,Toaster Dog,Quack
76561198137440781,Recommended,312530,34634941,Posted: 31 August,all,Alekay,"After playing one round, Chuck Norris appeared out of my monitor and kicked me in the face so hard I got cancer.This game was so awesome, it cured my Chuck Norris cancer.11/0.0001"
,Recommended,312530,31181021,Posted: 16 April,all,SI-LLY,"I find this game to be pretty fun, recommended if you like doing crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with friends in a game.Also Duck Game is even better with workshop mods like weapons, maps, and heads."
,Recommended,312530,35033683,Posted: 17 September,all,ɛʍքɛʀօʀ օʄ ʄօօʟֆ,"Pretty good, addicting, and simple"
,Recommended,312530,34654589,Posted: 1 September,all,DoublessRug3,"Quack quack quack. Quack quack, 10/10 quack ."
,Recommended,312530,35099368,Posted: 21 September,all,NoMoreMan,Dat is awsom gam1337/10i am a duck with muscles
,Recommended,312530,22882871,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gambler1994,Ducks last word: QUACK11/10  would Quack again :)
,Recommended,312530,35398549,Posted: 1 October,all,ItsMeDimIrt3,Its good
76561197995815191,Recommended,312530,31189961,Posted: 16 April,all,scrounge mcduck,one of the best multiplayer games ive played in ages get this ducking game you wont regret it
76561198118949651,Recommended,312530,32490763,Posted: 16 June,all,MLG_Peridot,"Hey. Cringy message incoming. MEMEICAL, DOGE, DAB! This game is my most played game, and I love it. Fun multiplayer game that has alot of different things thats you have to learn on your own, which is the entire fun of the game. Skill is all you need to win. So get ready to GIT GUD"
,Recommended,312530,16544775,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,<UNION> bellboy,Its a cool game to play with friends and online.
,Recommended,312530,17560691,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,QC | TheNatan01,"Let me start by saying that this game is hilarious, and absolutely infuriating. I see a lot of people asking if this game is worth it if you dont have a friend to play it with and it 100% is. I have no friends on steam that have this game and I play it every single day in my spare time. This game is addicting to play and there are no other games like it on steam, and that cant be said for very many games on steam. This game is worth far beyond $13.99 and I would recommend to anyone looking for a good game to buy."
,Recommended,312530,27719206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tona,The only thing important about this game is that the dev(s) put a key to quack.10/10
76561198072670498,Recommended,312530,35498723,Posted: 5 October,all,iamyoyoman,underated
,Recommended,312530,16952886,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Enki,Four ducks enter. One duck leaves...unless everyone catches on fire and runs off the edge.5/5. Would quack again.
,Recommended,312530,16541678,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jebb,It has ducks thats all it needs
,Recommended,312530,16623205,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cromulons,"This is not a platformer. This is a 2d PVP. Just to make that clear.What I like about this game is the small little features. An example would be that if your gun is on or near fire, it will be too hot to use. (I didn't know that existed, so when I was cornered and flames where all over. My gun was too hot, I had no choice but to quack and die).There was not a time where I wasn't smiling or laughing.Let me give you one of many experience I had.I faked my death during a busy shootout (they thought I was dead).Once the duck killed everyone, he jumped out of the level for fun. I stood up, looked at him as he slowly falls to his death.Death is not a big problem to the game. If you're one of those people that plays online game, and you keep dying and you get really angry, this is not those games.Each round last about 5 minutes or less. Then there is always a new map each round. You don't get upset beacuse you don't have to wait long for the next round, and it's always hilarious when your enemy kills you a funny way.Did I mention HATS! You unlock hats by achieving certain things or by playing the singleplayer.Speaking of singleplayer, if you are going to buy this for singleplayer, then don't.If you have no friends to play this game with, then don't worry. It's still fun to play with random online players.There is also a map maker, but you can't share your map online, but don't worry, they are working on that.If you like fun, and you don't own this game, then... what are you waiting for?"
76561198063784140,Recommended,312530,18130228,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mrturtle1,Quack
,Recommended,312530,29152310,Posted: 9 January,all,Blanca,You can change the pitch of your quack.
,Recommended,312530,16457622,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,mitalli3,i play this game for the big throws
,Recommended,312530,16550498,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dr. Faggots,"My experience on Duck Game:Day 1: HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS HYPE!Day 2: Why am I loosing non stop, oh, that was a suicide pistol?Day 3: What a scam, I regret buying this.Day 4: Came back to play this scam. Was funnier than expected.Day 5: Came quack to play this quack.Day 6: Quack'd quack to quack this quack.Day X: Quack quack quack quack.Day XX: Quack.Verdict: QUACK/QUACK would get brainwashed aga- Quack.Edit: Day XXX: Played it some time it's okay I guess."
76561198192303643,Recommended,312530,23456135,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,pileoftwinkies,"great game, so much variety. i would recommend it to everyone"
,Recommended,312530,26153946,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SJ64,"An amazing game about ducks shooting each other in the face with shotguns and death rays. It's an easy game, but it's hard to master. A good portion of skill and a little bit of luck thrown into the mix for a reduckulous amount of fun.There's even the singleplayer challenge mode, in which you can perfect your skills. Oh, and did I mention the amazing soundtrack? The game lets you customize a lot of things, even ones that are outside of the level editor. Hats, weapons, and even music tracks if you're smart enough.Probably one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in a while.Some of my minor complaints include the lag (especially when using custom levels, but that's not the game's fault) and the small amount of open games online (once again, not really the game's fault). There's also the fact that you cannot friend other players in-game.I reccomend this to anyone who has friends to play this with. It's truly an amazing experience."
,Recommended,312530,20406229,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CLG Rusty Coins,"Despite how silly it seems from the outside looking in this game is an absolute blast to play. Very easy to just pick up and play. Rounds are quick, there is plenty of variety in weaponry and hats alike. And while any game like this mostly involves skill, it's fairly easy for a worse player to get lucky and win a few rounds. This game is worth every penny at full price, and a steal when on sale."
76561198352090394,Recommended,312530,30387152,Posted: 8 March,all,EternityyLoveL,Лучшая игра за свои деньги!
,Recommended,312530,31427475,Posted: 28 April,all,unprecedented amounts of clout,"best party game on the planet, gets even better with mods. i almost always sink an hour in at the very, very least when playing with some friends; singleplayer is kind of lacking but the game quickly makes up for all of its flaws with the genius addition of a dedicated quack button (that you can pitch on a controller, for the record.) this game is worth way more than it's price tag and it's an even better investment on sale"
76561198292325099,Recommended,312530,29794923,Posted: 8 February,all,ThEpRoFfEsIoNaLgAmEr,"A very great multiplayer game if you know other people that have it. It's an absolute blast to play with 1, 2, or 3 other friends. Your best option is to buy 4 and send 3 to friends. Great multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,312530,32988893,Posted: 29 June,all,Kuba,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,22754980,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,👻Spookerados🎃,Quack
76561198071039718,Recommended,312530,20181516,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MrButters,Im past the point of no return.
,Recommended,312530,21918591,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,papyrus the skeletons,nice game and fun
76561198218860260,Recommended,312530,18216841,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,anon_ninja,10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,18677256,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Banana,"My friend made me buy this game, after he rekted me he told me to push Q.....He picked up my boddy and started to..... do things10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
,Recommended,312530,16378225,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shadowspaz,"You can quack at ducks.You can mind control ducks.You can block multiple shotgun blasts with a sword before throwing that sword at a duck.You can trap a duck in a net, throw that duck at another duck, and then throw the netted duck off the map.You can spread the good word of Duck, turning enemies into allies.You can get Duck Game for no more than 12.99 USD.You can end up with more ducks in your life, today."
76561198085321063,Recommended,312530,23405864,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Pizza Prosciutto,Quack
76561198123212809,Recommended,312530,32758815,Posted: 24 June,all,pika pika,Great game! In the begining he looks so simple and borind but when you start to play you cant stop. I realy love this game and i hope they wont stop to update him
76561198197149777,Recommended,312530,31431145,Posted: 28 April,all,Eggplant43,"QUACKA TRUE masterpiece, if god was a gun wielding duck he would crusify you with the holy bible itself. Here is how my first round went:-clicked q accidentaly-thought i died (because q is ragdoll)- clicked q again when everyone was dead-chainsawed my friend in the backGood game 10/10 would quack again"
76561197981135033,Recommended,312530,16890860,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Subie156,One of the best games to play with friends.10 out of 10
76561198004027579,Recommended,312530,25774497,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MazNova,The quackest quack of all quacks...Quack.
76561198277151165,Recommended,312530,29973218,Posted: 16 February,all,Thicc marcos cs.money,a great game
76561198013789267,Recommended,312530,20664237,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ladies man,This is the best quack simulator game ever.10/10!
,Recommended,312530,17018897,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,AnuSloth,QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK
76561198118939075,Recommended,312530,27286239,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✓ joker ✘,wenk
,Recommended,312530,18631710,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,aye,Press B to quack.
76561198002560289,Recommended,312530,16374943,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FLASHDEEZ,"was fun.now cannot load. crashes, reinstalled DUCK GAME aswell as STEAM.verified file data.... dunno"
,Recommended,312530,25892208,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,my name is jafar,this game is the solution to suicide
,Recommended,312530,19944192,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Coffee Boss,everyone should own this game 10/1027-11-16Still valid
,Recommended,312530,29149251,Posted: 9 January,all,Dacro,You can be a duck and quack.
,Recommended,312530,16198521,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cock Push-ups,There's a quack button 11/10
76561197960518307,Recommended,312530,16205771,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BuzZoiD,Never was spawning and instantly dying more fun. Would duck again.
,Recommended,312530,18676775,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shek93,Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack10/10
,Recommended,312530,16207775,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Pbls,Probably the most fun I've had in a while from playing a game. Definitely the best retro arcade game in quite some time. And you can quack so that's a plus!Quack/10 stars!!!
,Recommended,312530,29395397,Posted: 21 January,all,iThrive,I want to be a duck now. 10/10
76561198214509368,Recommended,312530,16210828,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Diesel_Bash,lots of fun!
,Recommended,312530,16213395,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),Love it! Lots of fun!
76561198110445385,Recommended,312530,16212029,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ieuantanner,it is an amazing game and the hats will leave you crying with laughter :)
76561198050412279,Recommended,312530,17028890,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,RedWolve,"After gettin almost every achievement and completing the singleplayer with every challenge on platinum + massive offline AND online sessions, heres my advice:If you are a fan of 2D arcade/competetive/funny/gun blazin/ducky games , DUCK GAME is a must-buy!The singleplayer-challenges are a good training for every small duckling who starts the game the first time and even after hours, some of them are really challenging your skills. You got a variety of aiming, racing, and even small missions where you have to pay quite some attention HOW you use the givin weaponry to complete them.Multiplayer is the real deal for Duck Game. Whether its offline, sittin next to each other and blow your ducks to feathers and roast, or online. The matchmaking is good and fast, suffers only from people with a high ping = the game starts lagging -> You had the gun on your screen, but suddenly the other duck shoots you with it. You can avoid that easily by checking the pings in lobby and dodge those guys.The game has its own situation comedy and humor you cant help but laugh or at least, if you are really grumpy, smirk about. Thats a major part of the longtime motivation, i played up to this review 30 hours + and it wasnt boring a second. I gonna start soon building my own maps with the level editor, which is a bit fiddly but after a while you will get it.The other major part is the gameplay. Dozens of different,  hillarious weapons are waitin for you to use them in every way you can imagine. Burning nerf-blaster, slippery bananas into motion-sensored mines, minigun-jetpack-combos and way more. Over all: The absolute direct, snappy and handy controlling (i recommend a controller, not the keyboard), just the right tool to perform something like jumping of a high edge and sniping a duck halfway across the map through a door, mid-air of course.Still not convinced? There is an extra button for quacking (with a controller you can even pitch your quacks) AND ----- Hats. A s***load of hats. Trust me, its worth the money!Thats it for me. So, see you online, let the better one moonwalk and quack at the end!"
,Recommended,312530,16205350,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,arsenikKattmynta,Quackaroonie
,Recommended,312530,16259976,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,iconoblast,"This game is *amazingly* fun. I normally don't go for 'couch multiplayer' type of games because I don't live in the kind of situation that would support that, but thankfully this game has an EXCELLENT online component which makes it more than viable for me. If you want a frantic multiplayer deathmatch game with hilarious/awesome physics and a dedicated QUACK button, then you are doing yourself a disservice by not picking up this game."
,Recommended,312530,21048416,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Warlord SteelShroom,"Alright, time for me to stop being such a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and start recommending games again.Starting with this little masterpiece right here. Duck Game is essentially what you would get if you took the base game of Towerfall and added elements of games like Warioware, Super Smash Bros. and Worms to it, and the result is truly glorious. And like Towerfall, multiplayer is where this game truly shines. While the single-player challenges are satisfying in their own regard, they have nothing on the wacky, fast-paced hijinks that every single multiplayer match contains....Oh, and one more thing - there is a dedicated ""quack"" button. That fact alone makes this game worth recommending."
,Recommended,312530,22056775,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Don Weiss,This is the existing proof that videogames are art.
,Recommended,312530,33612681,Posted: 17 July,all,ＩＮＶＥＲＴＥＤ,Quack...quack...
,Recommended,312530,33799882,Posted: 25 July,all,Captain J. Ryno,"What does it mean, ""Duck Game?"" It's an elusive meaning to find, yes, but a worthwhile journey you must undertake to truly discover for yourself. Reflect on the trailers, screenshots, and let's plays you've seen. Embrace the essence of this media, take it to heart, and you may have an epiphany of wonder at your discovery. Close your eyes, breathe, do other things, if you're reading this you didn't follow the first thing so I can write whatever I want and the honest among you will never know. Now, open your eyes, grasshopper. Have you discovered it yet? Have you stumbled upon, in this vast universe of knowledge, the true meaning of ""Duck Game?"" You have, haven't you? It means ""This is a game about ducks."" Truly poetic."
,Recommended,312530,29813806,Posted: 9 February,all,Hina,"do you have friends? do you have friends that like to play weird games and kill each other? ...do you want to quack? if all of the answers lead to yes-- then definitely pick this game up. it's a must have, it's absolutely hilarious and never really gets old. there's a lot of customization and hilarious antics, also single-player campaign if you uh, don't have friends."
,Recommended,312530,30152600,Posted: 24 February,all,Sinterklaas,"Great fun in local mp and probably in multiplayer with friends on voice chat, not much fun on your own."
76561198070817621,Recommended,312530,31735421,Posted: 13 May,all,Barbatos,Very fun game even if i'm losing every match :(
,Recommended,312530,30088014,Posted: 21 February,all,RUSH 2049,"""OUYA!""CON-QUACK-ULATIONS."
,Recommended,312530,34534904,Posted: 27 August,all,Mario64bit,One of the hardest skill-based platformer ever seen.Quack-quack
,Recommended,312530,34196767,Posted: 12 August,all,BigGunOlley,"Very retro and ony 150mg!! not much to it so glad I only paid £4.99 but lots of crazy funy, not sure what im doing half the time but have not laughed this much in a game for along time, want to try playing this when im drunk it may help :)"
,Recommended,312530,27016089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tiki,Who knew quacking and teabagging at the same time could be so much fun.
,Recommended,312530,16320750,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Meme dreamer,DUCK GAME WOUHH
,Recommended,312530,20138982,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jamboozled,10/10
,Recommended,312530,29729541,Posted: 5 February,all,(Voice) Sevil Natas,This is is quack paced and ducking awesome.
,Recommended,312530,31977459,Posted: 26 May,all,Ervli,Quack Quack motherduckergg10/10 dank
,Recommended,312530,35279731,Posted: 28 September,all,Jeff Dunham,quack
,Recommended,312530,17559005,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dill Pickle,"If you do not have fun with this game, you are dead inside. Your grandma would be so disappointed in you."
,Recommended,312530,16239249,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ZN6,"Murder your oponents with guns, fire and explosives.Pick up their corpse and throw it off a cliff.Quack mercifully."
,Recommended,312530,18847872,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Papa PeppƐr,This game made me leave my family and join the ducks at a park10/10 would quack again
76561198144437154,Recommended,312530,25016148,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,XEKOLOTOF,QUACK!!quack quack quaaackquack quackQUACK QUACK!!!!!quack-quack quack quack-quack quackquack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack:V
,Recommended,312530,17677625,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Town,Duck game is best game
,Recommended,312530,16195797,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DUCK ME,would snort in quack everyday
,Recommended,312530,19486254,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"For some reasons this is the illest game online, try it and check yourself!"
,Recommended,312530,16206444,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,XPbeast,you can ride a chainsaw. Enough said.
,Recommended,312530,22717591,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Pumpkin_Pie_Between_Ur_Thighs,quack quack quack.  quack quack quack.
,Recommended,312530,31328648,Posted: 23 April,all,S Q U I D I E Z,"I love to play this game with my friends and only that. trying to play this game online kinda sucks because it's always good to♥♥♥♥♥♥talk and meme around. The game is hella fun though. would love to see 4+ player, but i'm sure that would be difficult. anyways great game A+"
,Recommended,312530,31444684,Posted: 29 April,all,cranx,"""Enter the futuristic year of 1984""10/10 ill sure will"
,Recommended,312530,16216676,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,bevercat,this a very fun game and i got to get back to playing it perfect its got guns and ducks
76561198138160110,Recommended,312530,16217353,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,moneybaggys,nice game. But i think it was a little overprices adult swim. This game should be somewhere bettwene 4$-5$
,Recommended,312530,17457075,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,fast rap tupac serbia,"It's like Quake, but with less dimensions and more ducks.8/10"
,Recommended,312530,17168509,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,F3ARCATZ,Everybody has aimbot and you die for terrible reasons
,Recommended,312530,17150107,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Motherly Bosom,I haven't had this much quack in years.
,Recommended,312530,31896170,Posted: 21 May,all,Bananenkern,130 hours of playtime in a game that has a quack button. That should speak for itself. This game is amazing and should be played by everyone who has friends.
,Recommended,312530,34219007,Posted: 13 August,all,Osakar,UNLEASHED YOUR INNER DUCK.You're not a duckYou are THE duckAnd get some friends and play with them if you really wanna enjoy this masterpiece
76561198162367447,Recommended,312530,31517461,Posted: 2 May,all,Big Papa Bubbers,"Honestly, this IS the best game ever made. Period. If you don’t agree with me you are a lifeless, degenerate, scumbag who has no taste for art in the modern world.Let me give you a quick synopsis of the game:You play as a duck in the greatest year the world as ever seen, 1984. You spend your downtime in an arcade, trying as hard as you possibly can to beat all the high scores so you can buy the teddy bear from the prize center. And then all of a sudden you get teleported into a small claustrophobic map where you are forced to kill other ducks that you hold dear. The story is so moving and well written I’ve cried at least 69 times.Now that you have already bought the game due to my 100% accurate synopsis I will continue on…Now we go into the pros and cons phase. (note that the Pros outweigh the cons by like 1,000,000 to 1)Pros:+ Arcade fun for all ages+ Kill your friends as Duck+ Assortment of various weapons and wacky items+ STEAMY duck on duck action ;)+ Realistic duck physics+ State of the art graphics+ Interesting and emotional story+ Likable Protagonist+ mercilessly troll and murder your friends who suck at the game+ Steam workshop support.Now on to the negatives cons.Cons:- Wacky glitches and bugs- Early access- No VR support- Wastes many hours of peoples’ lives- Best with friendsThis game could cost a small loan of a million dollars and I’d still buy it. This game is well worth the price.I would ultimately rate this game…10/10 modern classic.Bubberducky would approve."
,Recommended,312530,16423250,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,QuackGoesTheDuck,Best game EVAH!
76561198010095304,Recommended,312530,16196690,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,manylegged,"Super fun, hilarious game. So many great details."
,Recommended,312530,34219083,Posted: 13 August,all,Scrimmy Bingus,i like winning in this gamewhen i find better people than mei leave
,Recommended,312530,28817943,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,A Filthier Cancer,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Amazing Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack B Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Wonderful Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack InstructionsQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack YedQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
,Recommended,312530,17116264,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Magius1337,"Great game, its like a combination of worms and smash brothers"
,Recommended,312530,33831105,Posted: 27 July,all,1123973790,Quakish:Quack quack quak quak QUACK quaaaaack!!!!QUACK QUAK QUAAAACK!!!!=========================================English:Quack quack quak quak QUACK quaaaaack!!!!QUACK QUAK QUAAAACK!!!!...=.=
,Recommended,312530,19245392,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FromSuckware,DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK DANK
,Recommended,312530,32205596,Posted: 5 June,all,Zerxon,Top! The best game in the world!
,Recommended,312530,16282634,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Smoke Fumus,"2014 was the year of goat (also year of spade-welding knight but that goes without saying). 2015 is the year of duck!Duck game - it kicks multitude of♥♥♥♥♥ Sweet 16 bit stylized graphics and true opl2 (genesis/megadrive) music.Sweet fast paced gameplay, full of fun, guns, explosions and roasted ducks.This is the game you can pick up and play 15 minutes of multiplayer mayhem, when you have nothing else to do, or if you just want to zone out, or even if you want to take it to the max and spend 16 matches in the row prooving that you are a king of QUACK!It has both couch PvP and perfectly suitable online PvP. And also - FREE HATS FOR EVERYONE!Duck game. Did you had your portion of ""QUAAACK!"" today?"
,Recommended,312530,16197331,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cobalt,Very fun 4 player arena game! Nothing beats the feeling of winning an intense round and ending it all with a victorious quack.10/10 like skyrim with  quacks
,Recommended,312530,16211527,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Vile Mutation,>Friend had armour and a chain gun>I threw a rock at him>He died10/10 would throw rocks again
,Recommended,312530,31494743,Posted: 1 May,all,Sketchup,"Its a game with homicidal ducks, enough has already been spoken."
,Recommended,312530,32464906,Posted: 15 June,all,Multiple__Bears,Name Jeff
,Recommended,312530,23607802,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Raatho,Literally the most fun game I have ever play 10/10
,Recommended,312530,16216102,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,JeanMarcoPoro,Quack
,Recommended,312530,16218573,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Brawlsack,Quack the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta everything. No really. It's all you have to do.Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack!It's been 5 hours and apparently I'm easily entertained.
76561198058173161,Recommended,312530,16283236,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Goose,free hats 10/10
,Recommended,312530,16991655,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Breadboi,If you don't have friends to play with you DO NOT buy this game. Other than that this game is a masterpiece.
76561197984240645,Recommended,312530,22721022,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Aquanaut,"You'll loose friends and you'll laugh in their faces, It's that good.Remember to press ""E"" , Duck will quack. Best feature ever."
76561198153568811,Recommended,312530,31565618,Posted: 5 May,all,Ammonution,Bought gameInstalled Hitler ModMe and friends died of laughing
,Recommended,312530,17593047,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Middle School Trap God,quack
,Recommended,312530,16689046,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,アドルフ・ヒトラー,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,22753871,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ɴ ι c к,If you press b you quack.
76561198051244755,Recommended,312530,21377030,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tm3,YAY
,Recommended,312530,16786464,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,muffi^5,"stand still 2 win, 9/10"
,Recommended,312530,20599678,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,superlinc,So fun i didnt notice it gave me carpal tunnel. 5/5.
,Recommended,312530,16592775,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Official Sans Dunkateer,"The one and only flaw with the game is a lack of players. Seriously, stop looking at reviews and buy this game! It is the most fun, yet challenging game that I have ever played. It's probably in the top five games on steam. it's that good."
,Recommended,312530,16932300,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,FroNo Again,"Is a Insanely fun stragedy required game for elite players only, but the words to describe it shouldnt be ""game"" it should be ""way of life"" Duck Game isnt just ducks beating the hell out of eachother. its more than that. After i found Duck Game it took care of me, fed me, clothed me, and even bathed me. Duck game is like a mother to me, It Never betrays me no matter what i do. Wether it be Deathray to the crotch or playing the Saxophone while burning to death. Duck Game is more tha a game. Its a friendAlso...Found a Giant Lazer Blaster and as soon as i picked it up i was killed by a rock 100/10"
,Recommended,312530,16980417,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Cucu,Needs more Quack
,Recommended,312530,25461336,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,wrencho man,good parts about this game:>theres guns>theres ducks>theres ducks with guns>you can fall over> you can quack- Best game ever designedbad parts about this game:quack cocain is an addicting substance
,Recommended,312530,17054316,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Father Fast Fingers,Dont let my low amount of hours fool you: I probably have 100+ hours on the original ouya version.Once I even brought a tv and this game to school and my friends broght controllers and we played throught break time and lessons.Pros:-Local multiplayer without splitscreen-Short rounds keep the game fast paced-online play is goodThis game is alot more fun if you have a controller the keyboard just doesnt work for this game (imo) but you can change the keybindings
76561198027440943,Recommended,312530,17056534,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ceronash,"It's hard to summarize Duck Game, but I'll try.If you want an insanely fast paced four player deathmatch, then this is your game!With a variety of weapons to choose from, and a multitude of maps to play with, you'll find yourself sinking hours on end into this game. This game is perfect if you only have ten minutes to kill and you want to cause some quack induced mayham. Who says you need an immersive massive world with tons of free DLC?Some definite pros are:Weapon varietyMap varietyGame lengthCustomization - Ranging from duck heads to custom mapsDedicated Quack buttonVery balanced gameplayOn the other hand there are some cons, which are:Not a huge online community, though you can find games relatively easily.While it's present, the singleplayer is definitely lackingGamepad is a must for a game like this, which isn't really bad for myself, but I've seen complaintsThere hasn't been any major updates since the game launched, again not really bad.Tied into updates, there are several game breaking bugs that should be addressed.In the end I say this game is fantastic and definitely worth a look, if you haven't picked it up already then what are you waiting for?Overall rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,312530,17063896,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[DDG] Volt,"This game is straight up amazing. Very steep learning curve for such a simple looking game however. Wheather you're amazing or a total noob, the hilarious action will keep you playing :D"
,Recommended,312530,16374320,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,jaminjimmyjames,fly-as-♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,312530,16307455,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wowzers,"Very fun, relaxed game but can soo be competitive, please add four pack!"
,Recommended,312530,22729001,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,HYPERFREEZER,Ducks
,Recommended,312530,33024010,Posted: 29 June,all,Graporb13,"Man, this game, at one point, was the most played item in my library.It's unique in that it has super smash bros-esque maps that are generally small and everyone spawns in close proximity. But, unlike super smash bros, literally ANYTHING can kill you with just one bullet or swing (unless you pick up some armour). Everyone scrambles to get the best weapons and the slide and glide mechanics really add to maneuverability and let you avoid simple shots from pistols and such.One of the things I was fond of, was that it was one of the games where I would never truly become mad at my enemies, as none of the weapons were too extravagant without being balanced, such as with limited ammo, range, or just availability and accessibility in the field (I'm talking to you, infinite ammo shotgun). I never yelled at my computer when I died, and sometimes just instead tried to figure out what the enemy duck did to dodge my assault o sit in awe at how fast someone reacted.The sad thing is, though, is that there is never enough people online to just do a server search. It's mostly dead. So, I would only really recommend to those with friends interested as well. The mods are real fun to try and if you can convice your friends that ""fire net grenades"" and such aren't gamebreaking, then you can toy with them together as well.Overall, I'd give this game a 9/10 if a point based rating system existed on steam, but the amount of fun you can have with it is pretty situational, and just differs person-to-person, which is quite the shame."
,Recommended,312530,16229911,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Praescius | gamekit.com,"This game is very fun for couch gameplay.It has so many pros, its hard to find any cons.+Lots of hats+Single player is great+Multiplayer is amazing+Online multiplayer+Many weapons+Fun props+GAME MODIFIERS+Controller compatibility-Level editor is hard to get a grasp on-No level editor tutorials"
,Recommended,312530,33241089,Posted: 4 July,all,SWTT,Quack!
76561198012855091,Recommended,312530,29051244,Posted: 5 January,all,Garfeilf,game good
76561198144054645,Recommended,312530,31432892,Posted: 28 April,all,Logos,♥♥♥♥IN FUN GAME
,Recommended,312530,21139110,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,muh bih luh do cocaine,"My grandfather smoked his whole life. I was only 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Dont ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28 I have never touched a cigarette. I must say I feel a slight sense of regret never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,31591066,Posted: 6 May,all,Guy,Quack/5
,Recommended,312530,26755913,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Data | Mock-it,10/10
,Recommended,312530,29853807,Posted: 11 February,all,Debutt,"Okay my friend gave me this game out of the blueI had not idea what the ♥♥♥♥ is thisPlayed it, I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it"
,Recommended,312530,28577050,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,syncs,"Probably one of the most addicting and creative games I have ever played, I would buy this game for all my friends if I had enough money.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,22733268,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,(-TN-) mellowsquigglet,PRO:+ A good game to play with your friendsCON:- A good game to lose those friends10/10 would stand still in spawn to win the round again
,Recommended,312530,27980373,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hiraeth*,This game is a game where you play as ducks and shoot other ducks it's a load of fun the more friends you have to play with.Is a duck a farm animal? It doesn't matter this game has the best use of a farm* animal.
,Recommended,312530,16488719,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Weedburner,"First i was not realy sure if i shall buy the Game,the Steam Refund then let me thought that i have nothing too loose,and man im Haopy that i bought it.This Game is awesome,each round you either shout ""damn"" or you laugh..so basically 3x a minute since the rounds are short.Its awesome Multiplayer Fun and everyone should buy it ! If you dont like it just get a refund but im sure you will like it ;)"
,Recommended,312530,20000396,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nachtfliege,great game to play with friends!
,Recommended,312530,20367302,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Vietnam Tom,Ultimate autistic game to play with your friends. For real this game is hilarious.
,Recommended,312530,21418717,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,"Quak quak quack, quak quak quak quak. Quack quak quaa quak quak quack-quak quak quak, quak quak quak quack quack quak quack!"
,Recommended,312530,20641163,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,jowe,alvinnn and the chipmunks First Day Of School
76561198177862822,Recommended,312530,28696722,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Lich,This game with the right people playing equals non stop fun. highly recomend!
,Recommended,312530,25830429,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Fraple,If you and your friends are looking for the dumbest game to play together.You've come to the right place.
76561198171454518,Recommended,312530,30270611,Posted: 1 March,all,Fizz_Microfusion,A game about ducks.
76561198086605786,Recommended,312530,16253195,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,luigiisbeast,"It has been awhile since a game has made me laugh as hard as when I played it. Duck Game is a fast-paced, simple, and comical game where you get to be a duck, wear a hat, and then play Smash Bros. with items on. It's frantic, it's hilarious, and it's definitely worth looking into."
,Recommended,312530,16448627,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Baba Yetu,So swack
76561198115785995,Recommended,312530,16752312,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Moist Shmeckle,super fun game to play with friends and just with randoms too!
76561198127533481,Recommended,312530,16820705,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FLGibsonIII,"Pros-Quack button-Tons of fun and wacky weapons-Tons of fun and wacky levels-Replayability (Level Editor Intergration into MP should help even more when they patch that in)-Has MP-Hats-Some SP levels-Tons of FunCons-Some SP levels-Couple lackluster Levels-Couple lackluster Weapons-Occasionally long matchmaking time (Its not dead so don't worry about that)Overall, this is an amazing game and one you should certainly buy."
,Recommended,312530,22746823,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Comet ★,crude humor + ducks + adult swim = best game
,Recommended,312530,16785755,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,friend.jpg,"Adult Swim is really unpredictable when it comes for publishing games but they only publish games for there standards of quality jokes.If you're a fan of Adult Swim I suggest you check this game out.The gameplay is solid and even as everyone is franticly running about questioning ""WHAT AM I DOING!!??""I recomend watching Total Biscuits review on it as he has the same opinion as me on it.Lastly there is a button for quaking...sign me up good stuff go౦ԁ thats ✔ some good rightth ere right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ  i say so  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМНO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒGood stuff"
,Recommended,312530,18660424,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Minish,Quack quack quack! Quack quack quack quack...11/10 Q U A C K quack quack qck.
,Recommended,312530,26756786,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jkchristian,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack!
,Recommended,312530,18328348,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,lil shnek,QuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuackQuack
,Recommended,312530,16285737,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Max,"I was sort of winging it when I first got this game and wasn't sure if it would fit the bill or not. Now that I own the game and have played it, I realize that it is absolutley amazing. Everything went swimmingly. The gameplay is great and it is always fun to play with your buddies and blow each other up n' stuff. I can't say that this game doesn't leave me quacking up every time I play it!luke, i em ur feather"
,Recommended,312530,31461853,Posted: 30 April,all,Bolt,Quack Quack fun! Nice game for people who don't own state of the art PC's and want to play with friends. Luckly I'm not one of those people and it was still a blast!
76561198002411322,Recommended,312530,31292205,Posted: 22 April,all,Pigeon Detective,Duck game is an all-time classic. My friends and I play LAN multiplayer games and my catalgoue of games is extensive. We all have different favourites and dislikes but the one game we can all agree on and come back to time and time again is Duck Game.The control system is so smooth and simple on the surface. Over time you develop more tricks and different moves with different guns that you realise it's not as simple as it seems. It really is one of those games that takes a moment to learn but a lifetime to master. Even with all the hours I have in game I'm still learning more and more every time I play.I could not recommend Duck Game any more. For the past 2 years it has been my favourite game and it will probably continue to be in the future. 5/5
76561198227885236,Recommended,312530,31385642,Posted: 26 April,all,Tha Bronz Dragen,"This game is stupidly addictive. Every death is funny and keeps reeling you back in for more. I've only played with friends and have not tried online yet, but just versing friends is freakin' amazing."
,Recommended,312530,19953440,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,lil mop,10/10 super fun! like a collage of deathmatches one after another where u get to 360 yy noscope ur duck m8s
,Recommended,312530,31120851,Posted: 13 April,all,Riki-Oh,"Well, this looks like a casual fun game for in between.All of your friends start to try hard and to insult each other all of a sudden. What the QUACK man?!"
76561198281937706,Recommended,312530,25650482,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MrPanda,Must i say anything else? It's Duck Game. I never have a frown on my face when i play this game.
,Recommended,312530,21797455,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Danlydo,"One of the best games for 4 player copertive mayhem,+with level editor and infinate posoblility of maps are possable"
,Recommended,312530,18190647,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Retro One,How To Play Duck Game:1. Plug in a controller (keyboard is for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥2. Join a match3. Press 'B' to quackAny questions?*quack*
,Recommended,312530,32684401,Posted: 23 June,all,High Noon Drifter,"it's simply perfect. the amount of tech allowed in this game is so gratifying.do not think twice about this purchase, just do it and encourage your friends to do so.i promise you that you will have an absolute blast!"
,Recommended,312530,29901663,Posted: 13 February,all,chancehh,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198298677732,Recommended,312530,32347698,Posted: 11 June,all,-Pixelz-,"In all seriousness, this is the best game EVER. That's all I have to say. Quack."
,Recommended,312530,32671610,Posted: 23 June,all,Manilupativ,Bubberducky Multiplayer looks great.
,Recommended,312530,16254644,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Conkerkid11,This is PC's solution to Super Smash Bros.
76561198132111509,Recommended,312530,16775348,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,A_Y,8.8/8 quacktastic
,Recommended,312530,25361868,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hamad6000,"I never knew I'd found a great game that rhythms with ♥♥♥♥ game. Duck game is a very simplistic yet incredibly entertaining game. It's still fun to play alone in the arcade, and is a TON of fun with friends. Tottaly recommend this game."
,Recommended,312530,16892287,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Osiris,Found friendsShot them in the face while quacking like a maniacNo longer have friends10/10 would shoot friends again
,Recommended,312530,20681531,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Spookified Spooker,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,312530,32276681,Posted: 8 June,all,MaeJical,This is the game where legit you can BM your friends because you quacked them up.
,Recommended,312530,31639136,Posted: 8 May,all,Gimemy2bucksback,"Super fun game, make sure your friends get it too for even more fun!"
,Recommended,312530,22733447,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,thirstyforpepsi,quack
,Recommended,312530,18688786,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dream King,"Duck Game is that of which not what we deserve, but what we need. It is one of the most fun games you can current purchase anywhere, at a somewhat resonable price. (Personally, I don't play it a lot, but if you pay around $10 at a sale, that would be good enough for sure!)Duck Game is a platformer mostly consisting of you, becoming a duck, and attempting to shoot 1 to 3 other people, who have decided on taking this animal form, similar to you. Your single goal is to be the only living duck, which is done by picking up different kinds of weapons so that you can remove any threats that attempt to be living ducks, thus making you one of multiple living ducks, which is upsetting, as you want to be the only one. Gameplay is very face paced, and funny throughout playing it. I find myself returning to this game every now and then only to have more laughs, as no game is ever truely the same, including when different maps are played, different weapons spawn, or especially when you play with randoms online, all as which so far, I have found to be a very nice community.Personally, like many of you, I bought this game as a party game for when I have people over/when I go over to other people's houses. This game fills that role amazingly, as long as we have enough controllers for everyone. It is terrific when it is someone's first time playing as well, as they don't know what to expect at all!TLDR: If you are for some reason on the fence with this game, I would wait for a sale, and if you do not like it, you can always just return it. Extremely fun with friends, and even randoms online for whenever I feel bored and have no steam games to play (even though I have a decent sized backlog...). Totally worth the money.LASTLY, Senpai mask is the best mask. That about covers it."
,Recommended,312530,22728381,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Thug Shiro,best game 2016 tried 2 day trial now wanna buy game
,Recommended,312530,16193840,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,GeorgLopez,Eeeyup.
76561198107476856,Recommended,312530,16194030,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Player 1,played locally with my brother10/10
76561197964665535,Recommended,312530,25354386,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cpt †iddles™,1 of the best duck based shooters
76561198071530389,Recommended,312530,22981756,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ϟ Blissful ϟ,"Alright, duckgame.Pros:- AMAZING GAMEPLAY- Variety of guns- Nice Workshop contentCons:- My friends wont buy it because it ""looks stupid""- I broke my keyboard when someone killed me with a rock- You haven't bought the game yetJust buy the stupid game. It's the most fun you'll ever have in your life."
76561198142748654,Recommended,312530,18686062,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ehfuck,Duck Game Is A Fun Glory Game For Online And The Basic Game That Teaches U All The Things U need To Know When U Go In A Gun Shooter But Arcade Is A challenge That TELLS U THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING HAVEK AND HELL ♥♥♥♥ FLOWERS AND FUNERELS.
,Recommended,312530,33487393,Posted: 12 July,all,Star Seer,"This game is super fun, the customizability and humor are top notch, and the best is playing with your friends in a voice chat. To react to all the silliness and slapstick. Great game!"
,Recommended,312530,33526400,Posted: 13 July,all,DiamondJAB,Why is this game good...I truly have no idea why.  It's the only pick up and play of the last year that engrossed me to the point that I needed to spend more than 1 hour on it.  Just play it and see for yourself...
76561198200485827,Recommended,312530,33550820,Posted: 14 July,all,Munson,funny with friends.
,Recommended,312530,16272653,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Egore,Quack
,Recommended,312530,29519424,Posted: 27 January,all,KoenBo,Fun gaem unless your the one that suck at the gaem and chaos nor spooky keeps killing you
,Recommended,312530,19253844,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TellionOMy earn.gg,"a very cool game to play when you and your friends just want to kill eachother (virtually) and have a good timewell, you're a duck with guns and stuff, and you kill/blow stuff up......seems legitArcade,Some sort of story mode,multiplayer,and even workshop mods..but with every game comes bad crap,-peer-to-peer connections (which really sucks for you if you got walmart-connection)-screaming and raging children (like always)-confusing controls (but they become easy after some time)7.9/10"
,Recommended,312530,16217426,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,JeY k,I think the best thing was when a friend and me shot each other and then left on the battlefield were our hats... having a staring contest...10/10 would double suicide for hat staring contest again
,Recommended,312530,16228168,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,soffeli,Quaak.
,Recommended,312530,16198532,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Pope Exploder,This game is awesome!  10/10 Will continue to duck!
,Recommended,312530,16297811,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ParkDiddy,It's like Skyrim with Ducks.
76561198136624303,Recommended,312530,26317237,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,nugget boy,Just pure good.
76561198085278188,Recommended,312530,16192463,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,♌ Karkat ♌ Vantas ♌,i love the game it's so derpy and fun
,Recommended,312530,16246730,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Luneko,Just imagine a duck with a chainsaw sliding around a ridiculous map.11/10 would quack again!
76561198119472197,Recommended,312530,16198959,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,coiled,A ton of fun for all types of players
,Recommended,312530,24367344,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RandomNudeGuy,10/10 Quack Simulator
,Recommended,312530,16212579,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Thy Mother's Orbiting Moon,"There is a button dedicated to quacking.If you wear a burger on your head and quack, it spits ketchup.You can be a log.You can fall over on command.You can god-damn quack.You can ever quack out passages from the Bible.Flawless."
,Recommended,312530,16206408,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Betchpl!z,"Quack-tastic!11/10, would duck and cover again"
,Recommended,312530,21091535,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Dunlap,Quack
76561198017971953,Recommended,312530,32446992,Posted: 15 June,all,LegionX173,I love this game!
,Recommended,312530,16324481,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wally,quack
,Recommended,312530,25782201,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,GuyA the logang pauler (J&L)✝,The best game ever for have fun :)
,Recommended,312530,33643073,Posted: 18 July,all,WammyDaggan,"This game expresses the Great War of World War Ducks II.In this game, you are a Duck, who represents what team they are on with a hat. The hat has nothing to do with the great war unless your playing team games. In the war, you are a duck who are some how fighting another or 2+ ducks and have to beat each other with deadly weapons.This game shows a very deep side of mass killing and respawning in Duck Game. You have to stratigize your throwing arm, shooting, and timing to win the round.This game is very fun with 2 other friends. There is also an arcade single player mode that helps you actually when your fighting in multi-player.Wishing for a competitive toxic duck game next update."
,Recommended,312530,33935556,Posted: 31 July,all,Noot Noot ︻芫═,Quack out of quack would quack a quack
,Recommended,312530,34185423,Posted: 12 August,all,Jimmy Calhoun/Alolan Sandslash,Super Fun With Friend Highly Recommend This Game :D
,Recommended,312530,24942663,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,feath (scary),Quack.
,Recommended,312530,31518624,Posted: 2 May,all,Linkle S. Jr,buy it
,Recommended,312530,34808061,Posted: 7 September,all,♡Amethyst♡,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
,Recommended,312530,28880640,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"I can't breathe when I play this game, I laugh so damn hard it's a blast to play with pals online or couch coop style. Sometimes I pee myself a little too."
,Recommended,312530,24374453,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Shigem,There's a Bible that mind controls enemy players that listen to it. 10/10 for realistic simulation. Quack.
,Recommended,312530,19905381,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,mouseburg,"Duck Game is the most fun I've had with my friends in a very long time.The mechanics are amazing and make for some great comedy. You have to pull the pin on the grenade and then throw it. The game doesn't tell you that. There's a slider to determine how often your duck swears when he drops something. It's censored. The quack. Is censored. This game's sense of humor is amazing.I highly recommend getting a few friends together, getting a bunch of hats and weapon mods, and just having stupid fun. The modifiers make the game exceptionally awesome, with my personal favorites being Infinite Ammo and Presents for Winners. Get them and watch your friends find ways to cheap you out with unlimited ammo, or spawn a minigun as a present on a level filled with nothing but bananas. It's great."
76561198069551646,Recommended,312530,17513818,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,I'm not weeb trash I swear,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, recommend to your brother, sister, mother, abusive father, slightly less abusive father, father, dog, cat, house, grand-ma, abusive grandpa, pedophile grandpa, abusive pedophile grandpa! RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE!!!discovery of weed X dank memes + Twerking Shia La Beouf / 10"
,Recommended,312530,17525294,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,StormBlest,this is an amazingly fun multiplayer game.
,Recommended,312530,17448996,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,AceVelocity,Fun for the whole family.....................................................................kindaquackquack
,Recommended,312530,17481013,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Disodium,"50+ Weapons,Four Ducks enter, one duck leaves, you fill in the blanks.Great game, fun to play and will leave to in stitches.10/10 would quack again!"
76561198063523977,Recommended,312530,17499786,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Zombone,Quack button. Enough said.
,Recommended,312530,19005421,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,gAno,Ducking becomes a swear word10/10Why'd you ducking kill me?!
,Recommended,312530,19490259,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MikeytheFoxy™,Quack
,Recommended,312530,19822652,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,M I I K,"QUACK, this game is very goed i like to be a duck, 8/8 m8 would be a duck opnieuw +rep good graphics you need a veel vaardigheden tho."
76561198132775867,Recommended,312530,19976655,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,clockwize100,"I will quack you to death.Quack/QuackBest game, would quack again."
,Recommended,312530,20864603,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Charter,2-D platforming? Ducks? Guns? It's like the love child of the 80s and 00ze.
76561198079433512,Recommended,312530,19790938,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Roger the Kangaroo,The ultimate Duck battle royale.
,Recommended,312530,19939495,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ludicolo,it has a quack button. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,20096116,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,zNovaGD,If you wanna die from laughter while playing with friends get this game!The last thing you see is going to be a duckQuack Quack...
,Recommended,312530,19519854,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Luffik,Game of the year 2015!! 10 quack of 10
,Recommended,312530,20101180,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheUnknown,"Quck, really awesome fast pace game."
,Recommended,312530,20341101,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dudmaster,"Uber hilarious, 2D, 8-bit, multiplayer, twitch reaction, platform based shooter game. Quack R^2 x infinite!Ok, seriously now... How good is this game? It can get quite hilarious from time to time. The main goal of the game is to obtain the most round wins in order to win a game. There is a ability to enable teams, but be aware that there IS FRIENDLY FIRE. There are near countless ways to die in this as well as kill your oponents, from shooting at point blank range to goomba stomping with shoes. There are bound to be a bunch of funny moments where you wonder, ""What the heck just happened...?""There is a singleplayer mode called ""The Arcade"". Where you can (in a sense) learn the game while you are trying complete numerous challenges. It's not as fun as the multiplayer matches, but it can be something else you could try on your own time or such. Otherwise, I would say that this has been a very fun game to come back to every now and then.F.Y.I. I use a keyboard to play this. From what I hear, it is a lot harder to play with a keyboard than with a controller. On a plus note, you can at least rebind your keys to what you want. Though you mind have to browse through all the options to do that."
,Recommended,312530,21319054,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Rackatour,Quack.Quack quack quack.Quack quack.QUACK!10/10
,Recommended,312530,21430575,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,furious,10/10
,Recommended,312530,20718176,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,big pube,quack
,Recommended,312530,20545883,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gamma,i r8 8/8
,Recommended,312530,29703501,Posted: 4 February,all,-P℟IℕCE - ℟λIↁEℕ-,10/10 Quack
76561198045026071,Recommended,312530,27757450,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mirekle,quack quack
76561198067055102,Recommended,312530,34364861,Posted: 19 August,all,Eboya77,10/10 would duck game again
,Recommended,312530,25169666,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rodoljub Vulovic Roki,Daddy Likes.
,Recommended,312530,16302506,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Tdud,you can quack and play dead11/10
,Recommended,312530,16216370,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,FedoraDuck,I like to blast the Howard the Duck theme as I blast my feathered foes. As a duck I approve.
,Recommended,312530,17046222,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Radshyguy,This game made me go quackers.
76561198207735659,Recommended,312530,31887625,Posted: 21 May,all,weedle,"this game is ducking amazing, its very fun to play with friends"
,Recommended,312530,28606687,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,hamboy,quak soundtrack is good game is good and i am a duck from now on
76561198071421958,Recommended,312530,17014602,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,eternal jape,Super Nintendo+MS-DOS games=Duck GameDuck Game feels like an old game remastered.
,Recommended,312530,25314762,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Spooky Snaps,i dont have it
76561198256748461,Recommended,312530,22752747,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Walrus,
,Recommended,312530,22751632,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jupiter,Just yes
,Recommended,312530,23771768,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AlexMoc,I have two words for this game: Duck Deathmatch.10/10
,Recommended,312530,35193630,Posted: 24 September,all,Funky Fresh Anomaly,"there is no anti cheat in this game so you can speed hack every where, 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16196708,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Major Ghost,"A game of pure insanity. Made simply for fun and it is extremely successful. Even when panicing you still laugh at the end of every game and can't help but love the way the ducks die, fall, and fly around in the most stupid ways possible. In short, this game is amazing in every aspect and well worth a price above what it is. I hope to see more from this game and I believe I will have many more hours of pure, thrilling, fast paced, stupid, and utterly brilliant gameplay from the 'Duck Game'"
,Recommended,312530,16195756,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Waswat,This game is so damn good in a multiplayer environment. Would be even better on a lan!
,Recommended,312530,23739159,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,⪡Kosyne⪢,Has a dedicated quack button. What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,312530,23483772,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,srolyat,Duck yeah!10/10
76561198043289484,Recommended,312530,23117939,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ghoulean Operators,"This is by far and away the worst duck simulator I have ever played.I expected just lounging in a lake, waiting for humans to throw breadcrumbs for me to eat, and eventually flying south for the winter.Instead it is a violent 2D shooter. Nothing like ducks I have ever seen.I'd give this game a 0/10, but it has a dedicated quack button, so I give it a 6/10.The quacking is just that important."
,Recommended,312530,25789821,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,noddy,Easily the most fun I've had with friends in a long while that has level editors and modding support to keep you playing.
,Recommended,312530,31271429,Posted: 21 April,all,Zekuri_Utaure,I love the duck game it needs more levels
,Recommended,312530,23297781,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sanae,my friend is not a duck and does not understand why this game is good
,Recommended,312530,20109594,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,rEAL shi!,ribbit
,Recommended,312530,27990916,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crazy_Biscuits,"I'm not going to weigh up the Pros and Cons that this game has, as it is clear that this game is good.Instead I will post some duck jokes courtesy ofhttp://www.lemontheduck.com/id10.html.Q: What time does a duck wake up?A: At the quack of dawn!Q: What do ducks get after they eat?A: A bill!Q: What do you call a crate full of ducks?A: A box of quackers!Q: Who stole the soap?A: The robber ducky!Q: What do you call two ducks and a cow?A:  Quackers and Milk.This review is in no way, shape or form representative oflemontheduck.com'sopinion on Duck Game."
,Recommended,312530,30862098,Posted: 31 March,all,Froodjakle,"Duck Game is the most important game made in the last decade. Centuries from now, you'll be able to look back in the history books and find Duck Game listed as the game that advanced the gaming medium beyond anything it had ever reached before. You're doing yourself a disservice by not buying it."
,Recommended,312530,16441007,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ironically weeaboo,yes
,Recommended,312530,21078675,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DyingDreams,"Last Edited09 February 2016Score17/20Duck Game, the Super Smash Bros, with heavy machinegun !GOOD :Oh My God, DUCKS !Funny Weapons4 players on the same Screen !Fully Support XBOX ControllerWorkShop ModsPixel Art StyleBAD :Empty Servers (No Friends, No play)Duck Game is very fun, if you have some Friends playing this game. Indeed, there is not enough players on servers, wait the week end to play ;)I love it, very fun game !BONUS POINT : This game runs on any computers !Thanks for have read my review"
76561198031980866,Recommended,312530,19565033,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,datguyisfather,I mean how can it not be funny shooting your friends
76561198095892106,Recommended,312530,22768173,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kyokaine,-press B to quack-quack simulator 2016-grabs great weapon-shoots point blank-bullet goes through enemy-they throw a sword at you-you quit
,Recommended,312530,34474384,Posted: 24 August,all,J3ubbleboy,"Quack quack quaaaack.This game is both infuriating and fun at the same time. The weapons and maps are often silly, since at first glance this is just another party game. However as you put more time into it there are a lot of tactics and mechanics that elevate it above the rest. From the ability to crouch attack and shoot to gain momentum, complex hook placements, pretending to be dead to dodge attacks and change directions, this game has a lot to offer.I still believe this game is best enjoyed when simply playing for fun, however if you are competitve like me and want something less serious then Samurai Gunn or Towerfall, give this game a test run!"
76561198104357302,Recommended,312530,25086239,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Max,im not allowed to win duck game
76561198059848313,Recommended,312530,25152196,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gerjenbado,"Death, hilarity, violence, and complete idiocy are all synonyms for this wonderful game."
76561198140794266,Recommended,312530,16780089,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,PrussianSlothKing,Quak... Quack.. Quack. Quack Quack Quack  Quack. Mighty ducks. Buy the Mighty ducks movies then buy this.
,Recommended,312530,16295409,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,"HEY, THAT'S CHIEF TO YOU!",Quack.
,Recommended,312530,16661211,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,American Penguin,1 word.... quack
,Recommended,312530,16762814,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Terak,"Quack. Quack quack quack, quack? Quack quack! Quack, quack, quack... Quack quack. Quack!"
,Recommended,312530,20394551,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Umaru,i love ducks
,Recommended,312530,16518095,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Master of Baiting,You can make a duck ensemble and make some music together.You can do 360 noscope with SHOPDAWHOOP gun.duck/10 obviously
,Recommended,312530,25067126,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Red Winter,This game is tons of fun with friends. If you play by yourself you should probably get some friends.
76561198061774352,Recommended,312530,16233707,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LoliHunter69,Asian servers are dead. But good game none the less
76561198079292822,Recommended,312530,17311051,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Who You Callin Pinhead,I was wearing a hamburger and got blown up by a rocket launcher. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,20057402,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,おまえ わ もう しんでいる,"Wow, I got more than I had expected from this game! It is full of endless hilarity. If you got the money, BUY IT. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16730299,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rafcor,I WOLOLOed another duck11/10 would quack again!EDIT: Now I can WOLOLO other ducks in a map where other ducks can WOLOLO me
76561198199790850,Recommended,312530,17206302,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kripple,I wish I had friends :( English speaking ones would be nice to.....no dirty Poles or Russians cause I'd just spit at my TV all day :(Game is 11/10 defo would quack 1000 times in first game again xXooXx
76561198115625452,Recommended,312530,16250631,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,xXxPussyAnnihilater69xXx,Sold my stattrak AK-47 with 10000+ kills on it to pay for this game.10/10 would sell my soul again.
76561197991200866,Recommended,312530,16852570,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Former LowPrio Winner,"You're a♥♥♥♥♥♥now, you're a duck now.Very fun and enjoyable arcade pvp game.Not a personal fan of the singleplayer stuff but they're good for practice.Everything that can damage will kill instantly. There's a ton of different weapons from muskets to machine pistols to swords and net guns and a giant laser cannon.Net gun is a personal favourite because you can pick the other up and throw them off the map while they're stuck.Plenty of fun maps and fun level mechanics like teleports (that you can shoot bullets into) and doors (that you can shoot through) and barrels that you can shoot to make them leak oil and then put it all on fire with a flamethrower.There is like 1 or 2 maps I'm not big fan of. But the majority are great and have their own puzzles/themes. You figure them out as you play rather quickly.Quick matches (normally) and smooth process when changing map. The usual rules are first to 10 points win (winning 1 match equals 1 point. Unless you have converted another duck but that's a special rule to that weapon).Very fun game with friends, decent with strangers (terrible if there's a large gap between one of players).A fun and easy game to pick up for some arcade pvp game in true pixelly duck fashion."
,Recommended,312530,25163214,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Papanomaly,By far one of the greatest games on steam. Worth every penny
,Recommended,312530,24869313,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,plat,dukz
,Recommended,312530,16609831,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hyper The Fox,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,26407722,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sword Doggo,"Early yearsAncestryHitler's father Alois Hitler, Sr. (1837–1903) was the illegitimate child of Maria Anna Schicklgruber.[2] The baptismal register did not show the name of his father, and Alois initially bore his mother's surname Schicklgruber. In 1842, Johann Georg Hiedler married Alois's mother Maria Anna. Alois was brought up in the family of Hiedler's brother, Johann Nepomuk Hiedler.[3] In 1876, Alois was legitimated and the baptismal register changed by a priest to register Johann Georg Hiedler as Alois's father (recorded as ""Georg Hitler"").[4][5] Alois then assumed the surname ""Hitler"",[5] also spelled as Hiedler, Hüttler, or Huettler. The Hitler surname is probably based on ""one who lives in a hut"" (German Hütte for ""hut"").[6]Nazi official Hans Frank suggested that Alois's mother had been employed as a housekeeper for a Jewish family in Graz, and that the family's 19-year-old son Leopold Frankenberger had fathered Alois.[7] No Frankenberger was registered in Graz during that period, and no record has been produced of Leopold Frankenberger's existence,[8] so historians dismiss the claim that Alois's father was Jewish.[9][10]Childhood and educationAdolf Hitler as an infant (c. 1889–90)Adolf Hitler was born on 20 April 1889 in Braunau am Inn, a town in Austria-Hungary (in present-day Austria), close to the border with the German Empire.[11] He was one of six children born to Alois Hitler and Klara Pölzl (1860–1907). Three of Hitler's siblings—Gustav, Ida, and Otto—died in infancy.[12] When Hitler was three, the family moved to Passau, Germany.[13] There he acquired the distinctive lower Bavarian dialect, rather than Austrian German, which marked his speech throughout his life.[14][15][16] The family returned to Austria and settled in Leonding in 1894, and in June 1895 Alois retired to Hafeld, near Lambach, where he farmed and kept bees. Hitler attended Volksschule (a state-owned school) in nearby Fischlham.[17][18]The move to Hafeld coincided with the onset of intense father-son conflicts caused by Hitler's refusal to conform to the strict discipline of his school.[19] Alois Hitler's farming efforts at Hafeld ended in failure, and in 1897 the family moved to Lambach. The eight-year-old Hitler took singing lessons, sang in the church choir, and even considered becoming a priest.[20] In 1898 the family returned permanently to Leonding. The death of his younger brother Edmund, who died from measles in 1900, deeply affected Hitler. He changed from a confident, outgoing, conscientious student to a morose, detached boy who constantly fought with his father and teachers.[21]Hitler's mother, KlaraHitler's father, AloisAlois had made a successful career in the customs bureau and wanted his son to follow in his footsteps.[22] Hitler later dramatised an episode from this period when his father took him to visit a customs office, depicting it as an event that gave rise to an unforgiving antagonism between father and son, who were both strong-willed.[23][24][25] Ignoring his son's desire to attend a classical high school and become an artist, Alois sent Hitler to the Realschule in Linz in September 1900.[a][26] Hitler rebelled against this decision, and in Mein Kampf stated that he intentionally did poorly in school, hoping that once his father saw ""what little progress I was making at the technical school he would let me devote myself to my dream"".[27]Like many Austrian Germans, Hitler began to develop German nationalist ideas from a young age.[28] He expressed loyalty only to Germany, despising the declining Habsburg Monarchy and its rule over an ethnically variegated empire.[29][30] Hitler and his friends used the greeting ""Heil"", and sang the ""Deutschlandlied"" instead of the Austrian Imperial anthem.[31]After Alois's sudden death on 3 January 1903, Hitler's performance at school deteriorated and his mother allowed him to leave.[32] He enrolled at the Realschule in Steyr in September 1904, where his behaviour and performance improved.[33] In 1905, after passing a repeat of the final exam, Hitler left the school without any ambitions for further education or clear plans for a career.[34]Early adulthood in Vienna and MunichThe house in Leonding in Austria where Hitler spent his early adolescence (photo taken c. 1984)From 1905, Hitler lived a bohemian life in Vienna, financed by orphan's benefits and support from his mother. He worked as a casual labourer and eventually as a painter, selling watercolours of Vienna's sights. The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna rejected him in 1907 and again in 1908, citing ""unfitness for painting"".[35][36] The director recommended that Hitler study architecture, which was also an interest, but he lacked academic credentials as he had not finished secondary school.[37] On 21 December 1907, his mother died of breast cancer at the age of 47. Hitler ran out of money and was forced to live in homeless shelters and men's hostels.[38]At the time Hitler lived there, Vienna was a hotbed of religious prejudice and racism.[39] Fears of being overrun by immigrants from the East were widespread, and the populist mayor Karl Lueger exploited the rhetoric of virulent anti-Semitism for political effect. German nationalism had a widespread following in the Mariahilf district, where Hitler lived.[40] German nationalist Georg Ritter von Schönerer, who advocated Pan-Germanism, anti-Semitism, anti-Slavism, and anti-Catholicism, was one influence on Hitler.[41] Hitler read local newspapers such as the Deutsches Volksblatt that fanned prejudice and played on Christian fears of being swamped by an influx of eastern Jews.[42] Hitler also read newspapers that published the main thoughts of philosophers and theoreticians such as Darwin, Nietzsche, Le Bon and Schopenhauer.[43] Hostile to what he saw as ""Catholic Germanophobia"", he developed an admiration for Martin Luther.[44]The Alter Hof in Munich. Watercolour by Adolf Hitler, 1914The origin and first expression of Hitler's anti-Semitism remain a matter of debate.[45] Hitler states in Mein Kampf that he first became an anti-Semite in Vienna.[46] His close friend, August Kubizek, claimed that Hitler was a ""confirmed anti-Semite"" before he left Linz.[47] Several sources provide strong evidence that Hitler had Jewish friends in his hostel and in other places in Vienna.[48][49] Historian Richard J. Evans states that ""historians now generally agree that his notorious, murderous anti-Semitism emerged well after Germany's defeat [in World War I], as a product of the paranoid ""stab-in-the-back"" explanation for the catastrophe"".[50]Hitler received the final part of his father's estate in May 1913 and moved to Munich.[51] Historians believe he left Vienna to evade conscription into the Austro-Hungarian Army.[52] Hitler later claimed that he did not wish to serve Austria-Hungary because of the mixture of races in its armed forces.[51] After he was deemed unfit for service—he failed his physical exam in Salzburg on 5 February 1914—he returned to Munich.[53]World War IMain article: Military career of Adolf HitlerHitler (far right, seated) with his army comrades of the Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 16 (c. 1914–18)At the outbreak of World War I, Hitler was living in Munich and as an Austrian citizen volunteered to serve in the Bavarian Army.[54] According to a subsequent report by the Bavarian authorities in 1924, Hitler almost certainly served in the Bavarian Army by error.[54] Posted to the Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 16 (1st Company of the List Regiment),[55][54] he served as a dispatch runner on the Western Front in France and Belgium,[56] spending nearly half his time at the regimental headquarters in Fournes-en-Weppes, well behind the front lines.[57][58] He was present at the First Battle of Ypres, the Battle of the Somme, the Battle of Arras, and the Battle of Passchendaele, and was wounded at the Somme.[59] He was decorated for bravery, receiving the"
,Recommended,312530,17133723,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,dAnk-,"I just got this game today, BUT IT IS SO AMAZING. It is the best 2D game ever made (aside from Contra) and is so much fun to play. There are lots of nice people on multiplayer and the masks are hilarious and epic. The only thing I would add is the option to use voicechat while holding down the quack button. Overall, it is still an awesome game100/10 Would QUACK again"
,Recommended,312530,16754276,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"AYE, SIWMAE",Literally the best
76561198041771499,Recommended,312530,28128346,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jotaro Kujo,I like Ducks.
76561198102072108,Recommended,312530,24947060,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door."
,Recommended,312530,21092195,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Karolis,"""It's like Smash Bro's on quack.""1.) Launched Duck Game2.) Pressed start to begin. (XBox Controller)3.) Pressed B to Quack4.) Pressed B to Quack5.) Pressed B to Quack6.) Exited Game10/10No need to explore this masterpiece any further."
,Recommended,312530,16303399,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pachetez,Tired of life making any sense? PLAY THISDid one of those bully ducks on the park stole you'r food? PLAY THISYou like taking a 50/50 chance for winning like a champion or failing like a damm loser? PLAY THISYOU LIKE THINGS TO GO !BOOM! !BAMM! !RATATATATATA! !QUACK QUACK QUACK! ?YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING THIS IN THIS DAMM MOMENT SO GO AND QUACK THE HECK OUT OF THIS DAMM GAME!
,Recommended,312530,17157929,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Studdie,"The game is no joke. The game is no troll-like simulator game. It's, as the trailor says, DUCKS BEATING THE HELL OUT OF EACH OTHER!From a game made by the minds of Adult Swim, What can you even expect? If you enjoy platformers and fighting and fast-paced games, You and this game will be the perfect love match. I would say it is worth your steam wallet money. So go spam your friend's skype/teamspeak/mumble/MSN/gmail/AOL/Club Pengiun/whatever you use to message your friends' chat saying ""get this game"" and take a gander at this game.HAH! GANDER! Okay I failed on that pun. Just get this game."
76561198042367892,Recommended,312530,17290876,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Werm,"I haven't had a game bring me this much pure, unfiltered joy in a long time.  I couldn't give it higher praise, 5 stars, 10/10, and they got the amount of water just right too."
,Recommended,312530,17155810,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rufus,Me and friend experimented with duck corpse and flew off into space 10/10 would experiment again
76561198087775985,Recommended,312530,28816330,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ThatsBunk,quack
,Recommended,312530,20134544,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,subarashi,"Tubular, Gnarly and radical game. Very fun but can play at most maybe 1 hour at a time before you need a break.10/10Custom maps gives this game endless potential."
,Recommended,312530,25644279,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cars0nn,buy duckgame
76561198143285651,Recommended,312530,31409607,Posted: 27 April,all,SweedBomb,A controller is needed to have the maximum experience and fun in this game. I don't know why people would play this game with a keyboard and then give a bad review.
76561198330053384,Recommended,312530,31434715,Posted: 29 April,all,Niko,a very good game.i like to play it when im boardstradergy n fun!.
,Recommended,312530,16712467,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Wolf,This is the best game ever! It has a quack button!
,Recommended,312530,17182693,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,♥Mags♥,quack
,Recommended,312530,20005283,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CrashMan054,"Quack quack quack quack quack, quack quack. quack quack quack quack? quack. quackquackquackquackquackquack; quack quack quack. QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK.QUACK/10 - quackGNSeriously though, this game is the most fun I've had in a while. If you have a couple of friends, or like Smash Bros at all, get this game immidiately. The whole premise is ducks shooting each other on a 2D stage. There's tons of weapons and levels to fight on as well. It's great multiplayer fun, you can make your own stages and mod the game, and there's a button dedicated to quacking. If that doesn't sound good to you... well, you're a quack."
,Recommended,312530,17198743,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Gamebox Man,Quack
76561198041765678,Recommended,312530,31735236,Posted: 13 May,all,DedVoid,One of the best if not THE best local co op game ever made.
,Recommended,312530,31779390,Posted: 15 May,all,ToastyEngineer,"♥♥♥♥ing play it, it's fun especially with friends and custom maps"
76561198099646322,Recommended,312530,16251736,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PK,quek
,Recommended,312530,16199211,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,「Droog」,DO YOU LIKE EXTREME FAST-PACED DUCK ON DUCK ACTION? WELL THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!I WAS ABLE TO MURDER DUCKS USING SPECIAL SNEAKERS 10/10 WOULD CRUSH YOUR FRIENDS AGAIN
,Recommended,312530,16214573,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kiwi,Simply fun.. buy this :)
,Recommended,312530,16211478,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Reverti,gud
,Recommended,312530,23764714,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,Quack.
76561197995049932,Recommended,312530,33955808,Posted: 1 August,all,Jonkki,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,17473236,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Can't Handle the Randal,Quack
,Recommended,312530,17274839,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ScrinGeneral,"Tons of pure fun, unlimited replayability, great price and you can quack whenever you want! What else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,312530,24678688,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tree,Friend game no friend no fun only friend
,Recommended,312530,26276689,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TFIXED,100/10
76561198109184028,Recommended,312530,31405896,Posted: 27 April,all,Uncle Radical,only game you'll ever need
76561198169432596,Recommended,312530,31134857,Posted: 14 April,all,lil tap,it is fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mac
76561198096255637,Recommended,312530,32312934,Posted: 10 June,all,cucumber blues fan #2,Great game
,Recommended,312530,29105167,Posted: 7 January,all,boog,duck hunt
,Recommended,312530,32223531,Posted: 6 June,all,Rampage,Great game plenty of fun with friends but the tutorial arcade thing doesn't really tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥and you kind of just have to learn from experience how to play it.
,Recommended,312530,25208116,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,redp,I'm a rehabilitated tf2 player and I enjoy the hats in this game 8.5/9 needs more lettuce.Buy a 4-pack on sale so you can play with your friends for maximum dankness.
,Recommended,312530,32897070,Posted: 27 June,all,Ｈｕｇｈ Ｍｕｎｇｕｓ,quack
,Recommended,312530,16448340,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Eliaznizzle Thaz Shitniz,Quack. Period.
,Recommended,312530,25021326,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,🦀,quack
,Recommended,312530,23244969,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SeekerShe,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,20608519,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,KnightWolf,Main StoryQUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACKMultiplayerQUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACKCreditsQUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK
,Recommended,312530,29187243,Posted: 11 January,all,Homespun,"Great game with friends, haven't laughed so hard playing a game with friends in a while."
76561198171692323,Recommended,312530,16449080,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Andras,"This is simply a game you CAN'T pass up. This is the most multiplayer fun I've had in a while. It plays online like a single screen local party game. The gameplay is downright fun and the controls are very tight. I was surprised by the diversity of weapons and gameplay mechanics that allow for a surprising amount of strategy. The gameplay is both fast-paced and intense, which frequently results in comical moments. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,19138633,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dreameater Snipechin,10/1010/10BEST GAME. BEST GAME
,Recommended,312530,17362622,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Darn,QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK! QUACK QUACK QUACKK!!!!
,Recommended,312530,17451208,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,meow,The title is very misleading.Should've been called Quack Game.
,Recommended,312530,20576161,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Waygen,When u are new in multiplayer:Why the **** u not die ?!How the ****he do that?When u are the best of the Lobby:Hahahaha die motherducker11/10
,Recommended,312530,22874155,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JEFFLUM,me and my brothers started playing at 9pm ended 11pm. BEST PARTY GAME EVER (online is good to)
,Recommended,312530,21353326,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BUFF CRASH,best game ever
,Recommended,312530,16253247,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,has quack button5/5 goty
,Recommended,312530,17669661,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,ricky,Quack quack lol
,Recommended,312530,25484847,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sam,Litterally a perfect game. Everything in it is executed to perfection.
,Recommended,312530,23752322,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,egehanhk,so good. best game.
,Recommended,312530,16783522,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,labbbis,"Despite it having a poor single player, this game is awesome.It's a fast-paced competitive PvP, plays similarly to Super Smash Bros, but every shot kills in one hit.Pros:+Supports local multiplayer up to 4 players+Hats+Hours of fun+Mostly skill-based gameplay+The soundtrackCons:-Don't play if you're not using a controller-Random crashes when tabbing out-Price too high for this simple game-Online play ruined by rage-quitting players/hostsStill, if you have multiple controllers, this is probably the best party game you can get on a PC. Hopefully this game gets patches to fix the problems with online play and crashes."
76561198243013686,Recommended,312530,24008149,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JediJoel,"great game to play with friends and such but it lacks that smooth, fast 2D feel wich in my opinion, makes all 2D games better. the developers should add a litle... BROFORCE!!!!!       (if you don't know what it is search it on steam)"
76561198128588379,Recommended,312530,17452106,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ZapingZobo,"Oh hey, an arcade gun like in those shooter games! OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THATS REAL BULLETS."
76561198124382589,Recommended,312530,24888568,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Unlockingbrute3,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackQuack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
,Recommended,312530,21331823,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,「Mentle」ゴ,"[Adult Swim] has a weird thing for producing games that are bizarre, unique, and almost always the greatest. Duck Game is no exception.In this fast-paced platformer shooter, you control a duck (Yes, with a fully-functioning quack feature, too) with a silly hat of your choice and must find a way to eradicate the other ducks in the funniest, most absurd way you can think of. This game might sound like a competitive anger-fest, but as a person who is gerneally very competitive, I always laugh when I die. I never get angry at the game, or call anything ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I just laugh at how ridiculously I died and how fast the others die. The shooting is spot-on with such a little learning curve that will get you hooked on this game.This is the type of game that is well worth the price tag, and a game you can sink hours into either playing or creating/modding your own levels and hats in.Overall? 9/10.The player-base is a bit stagnant at times, but I hope we as a community can fix this, press B to quack, and have a fun time. This is a game that can be played online, local coop, or however else and have your own fun.Buy this game if you're curious, it's definitely an underappreciated gem."
,Recommended,312530,17036676,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hamlaser,yes
76561198045583477,Recommended,312530,17051009,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sovereign,Just play it. Trust me. You will not regret it.Even if you suck at it.
,Recommended,312530,16267345,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Galumbus,I shot a man through my self using a suicide pistol. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,312530,18303683,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dead,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░████──░█░████░░░░░░░░█░█──█──████──████░░░░░█░█──█──█──█──█──█████████──█──████──█──█──────██──█──█──█────██──██──██──████──█──█──█──────██─────█──█──█──█──████████████──████──█──────█──────████──██████████
,Recommended,312530,19255410,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,i am proto,2 words Just perfect
76561198142784604,Recommended,312530,19117628,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Boonkgang,VideoGameDunkey.
,Recommended,312530,19131483,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Helban,"Extreme fun for a couple of hours but thats it. Defo not worth 13 euro. Maybe like 3, but not 13."
,Recommended,312530,19975421,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Klocko,quack
76561198023307596,Recommended,312530,20364917,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sir Nippleton,Based on a true story
76561198122241353,Recommended,312530,20375150,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,BlueFulcon,Quack
,Recommended,312530,20476683,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bumbý,Quack quackquackquack quack!  Quack quack quackquack quack quack quack.Quack/Quack
76561198133126406,Recommended,312530,17123631,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,dandandan,"What, there's a quack button?*buys game immediately..."
,Recommended,312530,25178540,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ducktor,"Absolutely perfect.Easy to play, hard to master."
,Recommended,312530,22440289,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Lobstah,This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game evrer. Buy it now. Pure. Duck. Action.
76561198054894084,Recommended,312530,24826353,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Masern,Great game if you got friends
,Recommended,312530,17777291,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Moxley,"A very fun, action-packed and addictive game. Besides, they're ducks!"
76561198066124166,Recommended,312530,22464384,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ｗｏｌｏｌｏ,"It's a good game if you have a controller at your disposal, otherwise don't buy it."
76561198255062614,Recommended,312530,24842157,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Brendan Fraser,"Just started playing, pretty decentQUACK"
,Recommended,312530,22785579,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,madotsuki,.__o< quack
,Recommended,312530,20099099,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crying Buddha,これが好きだ。すごく面白いよ。このゲームを買って後悔しないゲームだと思う
,Recommended,312530,24068079,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yoi the Destroyer,The best duck-related game I played this year.
,Recommended,312530,16853649,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,KriM 👽 Калашников,Quack...QUACK QUACK QUACK
,Recommended,312530,17244053,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ichzak,"Hi.If you want to buy this game cause your left out of your circle of freinds and are dying to get some entertainment which isn't the same Pewdiepie♥♥♥♥♥♥ then do it you lazy uneconizer. Yes, I made up a word. So why should you buy this game? Well here are my Pros and Cons to suit your little heads and or private areas.Pros:-Music is good-Nice fast pace gameply-Wonderful game mechanics that can be used at your advantage or disadvantage depending on the circumstance or your stupidity.-Hats. That are free.-Diversified maps that make you play and use your enviroment.-Optional single player mode that allows you to unlock modifiers in multiplayer games to make the stakes be higher or be the battle of ""I can shoot faster than you because aimbot is on.""-There is an UNLOCKABLE aimbot.-The Quack button.-Uses low resources, so the potatoes can play.Cons:-No Anti-cheat?-Single player mode can get boring.In all Duck Game is a refreshing arena battler to which the ruthless killers in us take as medicine. The only side effect is laughter. Lots of it. This is a succsess of Adult Swim."
76561198157674938,Recommended,312530,23055580,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Snuggie~,what are you doing reading this dumb review BUY THE GAME
76561198042375567,Recommended,312530,22745417,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Alasco,"Great game, alot of fun with friends over locally or playing with buddies online. I think the price is a bit much but totally worth it to pick up on a sale."
76561198281646126,Recommended,312530,22747347,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,me me big boy society.gg,this is the best game ever its simple and its realy fun
,Recommended,312530,22747651,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zarade,Game startsGets shot10/10 best game
,Recommended,312530,19018993,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,giraffe high on coke meme king,amazing i have only brought today but this game i havent got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in love with anygame since hotline miami amazing game worth the money totally this is worth more
76561198138185255,Recommended,312530,33112008,Posted: 1 July,all,Danklin Roosevelt,moo
76561198256685014,Recommended,312530,33043766,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr Make It Rain,10/10 Best Game Of The Year Worth The Money
76561197985815509,Recommended,312530,33033357,Posted: 30 June,all,Kriandir,Fun game
,Recommended,312530,33030454,Posted: 30 June,all,otismo,yes
76561197980128250,Recommended,312530,33045369,Posted: 30 June,all,Runs with Scissors,"Quack, quack quack quack, quack quack quack quack quack.  Quack quack, quacks quack quack/quack (quack quack quack, quack quack quack quack quacks).  Quack-quack, quack QUACK quack quack quack.  Quack quack quack quack quack, quack, quack........ quack quack quack.  Quack quack quack quack; quack quack quack.  Quack!  Quack quack.Play the game and you'll understand."
,Recommended,312530,33064623,Posted: 30 June,all,Cai,is gud
,Recommended,312530,32927327,Posted: 28 June,all,LeBoi,It's fun
,Recommended,312530,28293354,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Rat Cum,This game will cause suicidal tendicies.
76561198006120253,Recommended,312530,17467559,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vintage_Green,best thing evaaaaaaaa haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa quack
,Recommended,312530,18461914,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Johnny Quasar,"i'll have to see if i know any that will fit the bill.You could always wing it and see where the wind takes you.Just be sure they're good you'll be roasted.I'll admit you have a tough task Pekin the right oneDon't let these guys get your goose, now. (50/50?)Remind them of the Pecking order and it will all go swimminglyThey don't all have to quack you up, just put a little ruffle in your feathers.Anaheim sure you'll come up with a Mighty few.Its OK if some get shot out of the sky.As long as you don't get all Down in the mouth about it.Stay Plucky and don't get too Daffy.Whatever you do, don't tell too many Tales with them or get Scroogy with the humor.A couple of bad Calls and you'll be pushing up Daisy's.Just to assure you I'm a totally ♥♥♥♥ing f4gg0t, I found these after clicking on a link to Reddit :^)"
,Recommended,312530,20384569,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Killer Dream,I give this game a BET awards out of five
,Recommended,312530,18651169,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Steele,"A great game to get some laughs in with your friends. Internet lag gets weird, but still adds to the laughter, especially when you rock the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection rainbow."
76561198303139785,Recommended,312530,31985570,Posted: 26 May,all,DostoynyyKot,good
,Recommended,312530,16987140,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,..,wish my controller worked
76561197976520271,Recommended,312530,30603268,Posted: 18 March,all,big e,is good
76561198097015759,Recommended,312530,28108870,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,JohnnyTacos,Probably one of the most immersive RPGs I have ever played. The characters are so original and dynamic and the open world too! It really makes you feel like you're apart of the world.10/2 Game of the Year potential
76561198080792660,Recommended,312530,29050149,Posted: 5 January,all,CheesyBlueNips,it's a duck dude cmon
,Recommended,312530,32260156,Posted: 7 June,all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,cuck game
,Recommended,312530,29061790,Posted: 6 January,all,:3,Wah.
,Recommended,312530,23799061,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,supremelol,This game is alpha
,Recommended,312530,22868904,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SpenguinGaming,its very fun and extremely funny with friends especially when you fake that your dead and they dont relize
,Recommended,312530,25629568,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝Chance⎠⎞,play with friends.
,Recommended,312530,22901343,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ranra,"Testing out Buu's theoryGood game, have fun"
,Recommended,312530,28130912,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,IgneousCriztal,good multiplayer game reccomended 10/10
,Recommended,312530,27095782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,helo my names stupot,"Insane multiplayer fun, amazing with a group of friends.Controller recommended"
76561198251436314,Recommended,312530,27393588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LieutenantStalin skinhub.com,"This game is fun to mess around with friends.Also, this deserves the ""Best Use of A Farm Animal Award""/"
76561198114860788,Recommended,312530,29029183,Posted: 5 January,all,Zekrom87,This game is really addicting and is very fun with friends. The steam workshop also makes it so much better. I love the maps people make.
76561198068294980,Recommended,312530,28114368,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vamanandy,10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,26079338,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lion Forests,I can confirm that ducking mother duckers is lit af.
,Recommended,312530,29973242,Posted: 16 February,all,I TURNED MYSELF INTO A PICKLE,la mayor ♥♥♥♥♥♥ el mundo.
76561198063967369,Recommended,312530,19817731,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Scorpio Steve,This game is ducking great
76561198133606613,Recommended,312530,22713897,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Milkman,Moo
,Recommended,312530,25228784,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TheRandomFish,Quack
,Recommended,312530,26346906,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jdbensch,This is a fantastic pixel platformer that offers a tremendous amount of fun either with friends in real life or online. I would highly recommend it especially on sale.
76561198304346824,Recommended,312530,29922685,Posted: 14 February,all,Lost meme in Theme,Its so cool game
,Recommended,312530,26988762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Steve Jobronies,This is honesty in advertisment. It's also really fun.
76561198119618025,Recommended,312530,29946179,Posted: 15 February,all,AppaRider0,This game is great for a multiplayer time! It offers a lot of gameplay and good memes out of such a basic concept.
76561198103271464,Recommended,312530,29961493,Posted: 16 February,all,Where is Biggie,fun game
,Recommended,312530,26276313,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,「Kreami™」,"You play as a duck shooting other ducks with a wide array of guns and hats.Duck Fortress 2?No but seriously, this is a really good party game to play when you and a bunch of friends just want some chaotic fun."
,Recommended,312530,29936121,Posted: 14 February,all,Nili,ducky go bang bang across the screen. i like this a lot. yo this game is pretty cool
,Recommended,312530,29364490,Posted: 19 January,all,sovereign incorruptibli,not worth $12.99
76561198127164311,Recommended,312530,20693510,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CHRISTGUY,Can finally get revenge on the ♥♥♥♥ers that stole my bread at the park.. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,23269378,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pootis Spencer,"Quack. Quack, quack quack, quack. Quack quack quack? Quack."
76561198242961466,Recommended,312530,22804892,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rudy,Good game I recommend it
,Recommended,312530,22649638,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Rat Slugger,yes
,Recommended,312530,17213325,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,doomSday,"Duck Game is not what it seems. It's much more than a simple battle arena game. It's a game where technical skill and knowledge of weapons means more than anything else. Being quick to pull the trigger won't save you, only your wits and perseverence through pure unadulterated mayhem.I say you should take a quack at it."
,Recommended,312530,22833776,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cyber,good :)
76561198283286286,Recommended,312530,24070389,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sampson,young man theres no need to feel down i said young man pick yourself off the ground young man theres to no need to be unhappy
76561198344160339,Recommended,312530,31417659,Posted: 28 April,all,Шериф,я  ебал почемуя она♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥вылитает?
76561198217669033,Recommended,312530,31451162,Posted: 29 April,all,ProDannyD,This game is the most MLG thing on earth. Git it or git good
,Recommended,312530,24030541,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,themilk,it was good it had some ducks
,Recommended,312530,31583370,Posted: 6 May,all,Awesomity56,"Fun party game. Runs very well on almost any computer, well let's just say it runs at 60fps on a budget school computer (I tested it). Good mod compatibility (even though you don't need them. I think they should add some graphics settings for high end PCs though (I get about 2000fps average). ☺😉Single player arcade is good as well but only as practice for playing with your friends. I wouldn't get it if you don't have any friends to play with. 😢 (but I do 😉)."
,Recommended,312530,16298622,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Electric Boogaloo,Quack.
76561197961990870,Recommended,312530,16295035,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,KnighT,Amazing. Simple to play difficult to master
76561198075445479,Recommended,312530,16354713,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,antun tuna,quack
,Recommended,312530,16372789,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"Earth, Wind & Flyer",There's a dedicated button whose sole purpose is to quack.Also ducks with guns.
76561198102490456,Recommended,312530,28721382,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jeffrey The Pigeon,good game under rated. i recommend controller people who angle are ♥♥♥♥♥'svyou will know what im talkin about
,Recommended,312530,18004007,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TheJumpingSheep,"Wow, I bought this game this day, and played it for the REST OF THE DAY.:3Pro`s:Lol everythingCon`s:This game is perfect so is doesn`t has any.10/10 Best duck game ever."
,Recommended,312530,18108213,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lowza,Good game but overpriced in my opinion.
,Recommended,312530,26126827,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dai,"Best game who is including ducks after team fortress 2, still fee to hard to make you own mission levels"
,Recommended,312530,17057640,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SUT LLC,Quack
,Recommended,312530,17222914,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Cyblok,"Pure Stupid FunA Duck Game is an amazing fastpaced 2D shooter with it's own quack button, liquid physics and freaking jetpack.Need I go on?well yes actually, the controls are very odd as (on keyboard all buttons are assigned to one hand so whilst playing your right hand does literaly nothing.Luckily, you can change the controles in settings (but you cant assign anything to RMB and LMB)So basically, Play with a contoller and you will be quackin' with the best of 'em"
76561198302530190,Recommended,312530,23564525,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,КУЗЬКИНА МАТЬ,Крутая игрушка играл целых 7 минут или 9
76561198016865766,Recommended,312530,29054993,Posted: 6 January,all,Colosus7,"trust me its good, go ahead and buy it because its good. Defiantly doesnt suck, its a really good game"
76561198081497557,Recommended,312530,20941284,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sadsquatch,"Its got all of your basic needs for a video game, ducks, cucks, and schmucksid give it overall7 green skittles/ 13 dried bits of squirrel jerky"
76561198290583550,Recommended,312530,31895185,Posted: 21 May,all,duck,DUCK!!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,16696425,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Boolus,WHY ARE YOU READING REVIEWSWHEN YOU COULD BE PLAYING DUCK GAME
,Recommended,312530,28871198,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mean Jeans,bought for all of my friends only 1 didn't get bored or triggered by it after the third day
,Recommended,312530,27748306,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skeeter The Lurker,"It's TF2!...Without the various modes.  Or competitive scene.  Or seasonal events.Ok it's nothing like TF2 but it has hats and that's what TF2 is all about, really.  And you don't have to buy them with real cash!  Win win!"
,Recommended,312530,16590569,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Slojoe17or76,"I love retro feeling games, this is one. Old school graphics with lots of guns and awesome stuff, with awesome co-op gameplay and online fun. 15/10"
,Recommended,312530,31709330,Posted: 12 May,all,Hamu'kta-kali,quak me plz
76561198347128735,Recommended,312530,31737832,Posted: 13 May,all,MrBubba,Its good
,Recommended,312530,20540775,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,xRavxn,QUACK QUACK QUACK AMAZING QUACKING GAME
76561198070066801,Recommended,312530,18705383,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Elf Man,cool
76561198006573012,Recommended,312530,22774484,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nekryz,"This is an extremly fun multiplay-vs game. Its based on a simple premise; your a duck, 3 of your friends are ducks, there are random weapons everywhere, and you need to kill everyone else.The controls (on PC) are difficult to work with at first, but the game goes fast and your forced to adapt and overcome quickly.Setting up a multiplayer game is simple and easy, and so long as you have at least one other friend ready to go, your in a match almost immediately.A quick match lasts less than a full minute and you'll find yourself going on a binge playing match after match. Loosing isn't as frustrating as other games, most likely becase you realize... Its hard to get upset when your just a silly little cartoon duck fighting game."
76561198031336046,Recommended,312530,17448305,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Red,"Everyone should get this game! If you've played Super Smash Bros. before, then this should feel similar. But with DUCKS! and GUNS!"
,Recommended,312530,26277846,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,King Of Anything,A very special game for all that ``weird´´ friend that we all got
,Recommended,312530,24056996,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MetalCrysis,"This game has changed my view on 4-Player Co-op platformers. Not only is it hilarious to play, but the mechanics and gunplay feel very smooth whether it goes from sliding to avoid gunfire to throwing an object on someone's head to kill them, this game is addicting. GET THIS GAME if you have friends to play with or if you have no friends STILL GET THIS GAME. 9.5/10 (Only 9.5 because of some tryhards)"
,Recommended,312530,20342336,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,wapachoo,"GOTY 2015-2020If you're even thinking about dissing this game, Quack off."
76561198124834183,Recommended,312530,17610589,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,1 rooting tooting retard,YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,28884985,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HadesTheSith,Its ♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,312530,28891625,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dynelight,IGN 10/10
,Recommended,312530,21240795,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,very fun with friends
,Recommended,312530,33081090,Posted: 1 July,all,There's only one Martyn Waghorn,"RatingReasonContent8/10Multiple maps as well as the ability to create them, each different to the other.Humor10/10Very humorous throughout the game, with each round being hilarious for a different reason.Controls10/10Controls are very simple, it gives you the option to modify the controls as well as view them before the beginning of each game.Sound10/10Music and sound effects are so simplistic yet outstanding, which fits perfectly as it is exactly how I would describe the game.Cut scenes7/10Cut scenes are humorous and interesting, all of which have the ability to skip. The final cut scene of each game shows facts on the player's performances. Although when showing the 'highlights of the game' they will just show random kills/deaths rather than the best.Overall10/10An outstanding game which you can play solo online or with a group of 2 to 4 with your family or friends. Ideal for a relaxing 'couch game' with humor throughout. It doesn't matter whether you hardly pick up a controller or can never let go of one, you will have no clue on who will win the game, and the controls are very simple and can master within the first few rounds of the first game. In-game sounds are simplistic and humorous which is a great description of the game. Without a doubt, I would recommend this game."
76561198121505364,Recommended,312530,33323334,Posted: 6 July,all,Breakfast Crew | Wafflez,Amazing fun with ducks and is incredible to play with friends or family
76561198060625335,Recommended,312530,17086046,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ray,"Ive been playing Duck Game since Pre Alpha and I have to say that its been a total trip!  AdultSwim Games really hit the nail on the head with this one.  Duck Game has sent me on an emotional roller coaster, everytime I hear my duck quack a tear rolls down my cheek.  The only problem i have with the game is the violence :|  The ducks are so cute and I hate to see them in so much pain :\ But I still give this game a big ol two thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,312530,17196537,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Scrubby McLucky,Such skillMuch funVery duckyMany quacksSo amazeWow
,Recommended,312530,25933976,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,го́пник,You know it's a good game when you can throw timbs at people
76561198121602954,Recommended,312530,28368014,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Croissant,Best Game To Play When You Have a Party! XD
,Recommended,312530,28394975,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NinonEEE,the game is hilarious
,Recommended,312530,28364527,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RiceBall,Quack
76561198115366736,Recommended,312530,28366989,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ivan.videogamer,Awesome!! Simply Duck-tastic
,Recommended,312530,25279215,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PixelBasher,Dopest quackin dope that ever quacked
,Recommended,312530,32047209,Posted: 29 May,all,a hobo,"I like Duck Game. It's easy enough for anyone to figure out, but there is also opportunity for competitive play amongst seasoned players.10/10 would recommend to anyone looking to ragequit."
,Recommended,312530,17712509,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ynot01,10/quack would waste life and press quack button ~18000 times again
76561198058143746,Recommended,312530,32052268,Posted: 29 May,all,mjrad16,great time killer. love the retro music and simplicity. overall great and ammusing game
,Recommended,312530,16232163,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ragnarok3VIII,AMAZING
76561198053515783,Recommended,312530,27931677,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,coneba,pre cool
,Recommended,312530,23337889,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,2DANK2SPANK,quak.
,Recommended,312530,20080936,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VJ,great
,Recommended,312530,30205473,Posted: 26 February,all,Blake9600,"This is a great couch party and online game, well done! I swear, it's just damn awesome!"
76561197989441492,Recommended,312530,30226480,Posted: 27 February,all,KingCutter,make a duck game 2 this game is great but no updates???
,Recommended,312530,30217895,Posted: 27 February,all,thegoosepimp,Screamed like a little girl while murdering my friends. 10/10 would reccomend
76561198070641635,Recommended,312530,30204733,Posted: 26 February,all,PotatoL0rd24,TO MANY ♥♥♥♥ING GLITCHES TO MANY PEOPLE ABUSING THEM!!!!! but aside from that it is a good game
,Recommended,312530,30220082,Posted: 27 February,all,IIAcroII,What do you need more than guns and ducks? Gun-Wielding Ducks.
,Recommended,312530,30225950,Posted: 27 February,all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"AMAZING, so fun, but - WAY too expensive. Not worth buying, I only played on the free weekend"
76561198065398096,Recommended,312530,30233854,Posted: 27 February,all,Skweaks,"Your Name: Quek, Duck MarineYour Mission: Shoot"
,Recommended,312530,30246662,Posted: 28 February,all,NakedPumpkin,veru gud gaem
,Not Recommended,312530,17806278,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Romulus,"Controls suck. Confusing. No mouse support. Not all controls configurable. Hidden control conflicts. Up/Jump mechanic sucks. Painful, crappy, miserable, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unfun, and the humor lasts about five seconds unless you're a manchild."
76561198104592121,Recommended,312530,21389504,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,joe11eoj,great game my friends and i have have hours of fun with mods
,Recommended,312530,24320270,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Isaaciscoo,"Really Really Fun Game. If you ever start to get bored of it try building your own maps to play with friends, or having all of you installing some pretty sick mods."
76561198030096654,Recommended,312530,23929645,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,noma,joel tryhard
76561198068595395,Recommended,312530,16232405,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,Duck dressed as a hamburger threw a mine through a portal and killed me.11 / 10 buy it now.
,Recommended,312530,29728309,Posted: 5 February,all,a right shoe,6.7/8
,Recommended,312530,17583629,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tu🅱️es,Quack.
76561197963277272,Recommended,312530,16228739,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,KingNavida,"Much Duck, very wow, this game is so ducking fun to much fun to run a foul."
,Recommended,312530,16231590,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dmxmcc94,All I do is flop on the ground.All I want to do is fly.The life of a duck.Buy this game. Always.
,Recommended,312530,16232711,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dari Milco,10/10 Would Quack
76561198014899203,Recommended,312530,16246106,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FreddyFish,"It's like Team Fortress 2, alot of hats and ducks!"
,Recommended,312530,31626343,Posted: 8 May,all,maple,quack quack
,Recommended,312530,23493370,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,snorf,"Ducks with guns, just the usual.Gameplay is great, really fun to play with friends.Best part is quacking. Could do it for hours"
76561198003083369,Recommended,312530,26716706,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hundt,quack
,Recommended,312530,23204182,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Elane»,quack
,Recommended,312530,25045128,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cubix312,Wario Ware + Super smash bros + Tf2 - bad game + amazing = a game where you never stop laughing and having fun + even better = DUCK GAME.
,Recommended,312530,25693894,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Duck,Quack Quack The most hilaruos shooting platformer i've played I can hardly breath of laughter haters can go quack themselves. It's quackin hilariuos.
,Recommended,312530,25272829,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Prios,"One time I dropped a chainsaw after I'd started it, and after a few seconds it set the ground on fire somehow and the fire rapidly spread and I caught on fire and I screamed and quacked and burned to deathThat was in single player. Multi player is sillier"
,Recommended,312530,34173125,Posted: 11 August,all,PIG BENIS,QUACKS : 9/11
,Recommended,312530,32094444,Posted: 31 May,all,Purple Funny Joke,Duck Game is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,312530,22915910,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Nova | Redmonk3y06,quack quack quack quack quack = best game of my history
76561198376019300,Recommended,312530,31426385,Posted: 28 April,all,K4grizzly,"Duck game is just pure chaos and fun. It's my favorite game to play with friends, as we chat on discord and laugh our brains out ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I DEFINITLEY recommend it!! 11/10 & 101% legit  :)"
,Recommended,312530,28882494,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NBD | Bop,Quack Boii Very Very Good Gun Go Bang
,Recommended,312530,28882926,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Humding3r,"I've once heard someone say that this game is like Super Smash Bros., but more balanced.They're right."
,Recommended,312530,34632015,Posted: 31 August,all,Kraahkan,Best coop game on PC
,Recommended,312530,24385691,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,lel57,"GREAT GAME, LOOKS LIKE S#!T BUT FUN AS HELL"
,Recommended,312530,34133625,Posted: 9 August,all,The Potato-Like Creature,It's like Smash Bros but with ducks and gunsAwesome
76561197977705598,Recommended,312530,17508705,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mr. Taco (vinny),One of the quackiest games to quack with your friends.
76561197970384883,Recommended,312530,26170361,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,62%
,Recommended,312530,19455773,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,YouTube/Murfbard,The best game shown at PAX East 2015.  Amazing fun with your friends in local or online multiplayer.
76561198008761330,Recommended,312530,22752101,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,riccs1000,super fun with friends :D
76561198010087484,Recommended,312530,22751353,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sum Ting Wong,its so much fun if u play with friends. couldnt stop laughing
76561198119162129,Recommended,312530,22752081,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mt.Booty,This game had me quacking
,Recommended,312530,22752088,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Balsamic Vinaigrette,Q̠͕̪̜̊̆ͫ̊u̸̫͎̙̰͓͔ͭ̍a̩̯͎̱ͫͧc̷̜̘͕̝̳͆̄k̺̺̜̫̈́ͪ͂̈̈́̐͌́ͅ
76561198059530452,Recommended,312530,22753589,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,COREcraftX,Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.......Quack.Quack.Quack.Quack.
76561198078826291,Recommended,312530,22751649,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Desicon,Fun
,Recommended,312530,22752656,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TheZestyLemming,10/10 would duck again
76561198207890952,Recommended,312530,22753337,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DragonBossGetRekt,It is the best game ever and every Pc could handel it.
,Recommended,312530,22093748,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AstroPenguin642,"Top 15 favorite things to do in duck game.15. Set myself on Fire for 15 Minutes just for an Achievement14. Mind Controll Ducks to Drop a TV on their own Head13. Unlock Hats12. Play with Infinite Ammo and Winners Get Presents11. Form a Band10. Listen to that Guy whisper ""please wait"" and ""matchmaking""9. Suicide Bomb with a Grenade8. Go for gold in the Singleplayer Campaign LevelsUntil I found out about Platinum and Ur the Best7. Make Custom Maps6. Spam Invites to my Friends5. Camp with the Grappling Hook4. Fake my own Death (ragdoll)3. Exploit Silly Glitches2. Make Custom Hats1. Quack"
,Recommended,312530,24696875,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JoePaul,I am a duck now
,Recommended,312530,24746912,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Master Miller - Starring Kaz,This game has a quack button!enough said
76561198105609767,Recommended,312530,24696538,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MalteZack,GENIUS!!!!
,Recommended,312530,24749721,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Smoth,DUCKS OMG
,Recommended,312530,26278091,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,cjaawesome,Really fun game I recommend it.
76561198084200047,Recommended,312530,16817901,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Electrolite Mike,you play as ducks with weird hats that kill each other and there is a button that lets you quack... 11/10
,Recommended,312530,28510717,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pinko,"This game is stupid, but it's just so fun to play. MIDI soundtrack is a great touch too. 8/10"
,Recommended,312530,21282591,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,King Dedede,9.1/10 would play again
76561198051940225,Recommended,312530,19640822,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ↀωↀ ↀωↀ ↀωↀ,duck GAME this game is a duck GEM
76561198108014114,Recommended,312530,19622342,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Trademark™,Quack
,Recommended,312530,19921510,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lord Kevin,this game is awesome dude and if you dont like then you are probably some dude bro who likes space engineers or somethingi rate this game 10/10 because quack dudes and it is overwhemingly positive so you KNOW it's goodgame is great if you wanna buy a four pack
,Recommended,312530,19106213,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TheLowGodPrim,"DirectionsPrintPrep5 mCook15 mReady In20 mPreheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hot."
,Recommended,312530,21555547,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,"It's kinda like dust II after a steam sale, everyone is hacking but they're also a duck wearing a hat."
,Recommended,312530,20867539,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hobo Toaster,Press 'E' for instant hour-long enjoyment
76561198066222718,Recommended,312530,21409154,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Azur,git gud
,Recommended,312530,20958075,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,J*,Quack.No but srs tons of funQuack.
76561198103931764,Recommended,312530,20988049,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dope_Cat,DIS GAME IS FRICKIN SICK1111111!~11!!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,34622853,Posted: 30 August,all,killz,quack
,Recommended,312530,34400967,Posted: 21 August,all,r2pen2,Good game shoot duck
76561198150077834,Recommended,312530,34719595,Posted: 3 September,all,TripleVenom66,DUCKS GUN what more whuld ya wont
,Recommended,312530,16337387,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MacCoy,"quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quackyes, its pretty great."
76561198142220158,Recommended,312530,25192211,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NotYourTypicalCat,"8/10 game , bought on 50% salepros:very funfast queuesvery very friendly playersfast gamesalot of different maps and gunscons :ping issues sometimesyou cant edit the keysno voicechatting ( i believe )grenades can be a bit annoying for tryhards but personnally i find it very funwayyy easier to play with a controller , i deffinetly recommend this especially if you have close friends with whom you dont very much enjoy your time together ( my friends play league of legends and its not fun for me anymore so i got this :D )have a great day"
,Recommended,312530,31517849,Posted: 2 May,all,Ｎｏｒｋ,great game especially if you like to play local games with friends but the online doesnt have many players anymore
,Recommended,312530,34824599,Posted: 8 September,all,no way hosay!,i liked the story
76561198327142482,Recommended,312530,33665047,Posted: 19 July,all,HACZ115,Ducks on a rampage
76561198014530333,Recommended,312530,19544920,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SoChumpy,this game makes my duck hard
,Recommended,312530,19589201,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Peur,GET THIS GAME AND REMEMBER ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES
76561198070752139,Recommended,312530,19562592,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RoboChipv8,quack.
76561198026189489,Recommended,312530,29118665,Posted: 8 January,all,CRYMASTER1213,this game sums up 1 word...quack10/10
,Recommended,312530,34854554,Posted: 9 September,all,Purple Sea Cow,best meme
,Recommended,312530,20143881,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Woodchuck Norris,"This game is amazing, but it needs more players in different time zones so that you don't have to wait ages for games."
,Recommended,312530,22696253,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Johnsu,Played the game the other day and got whipped by Bernie Sanders.10/10
,Recommended,312530,16571198,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Noelwiz,"An amazing 4 player multiplayer mess, quacktastic!"
,Recommended,312530,20816685,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,B Budd 18,Fun game to play with you're friends! And then you get very angry at them.
,Recommended,312530,23201817,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Miko!!!!!,I thought it might be bad but then it quacked at.
,Recommended,312530,33300748,Posted: 5 July,all,Pax,its ♥♥♥♥ing fun
76561198118761748,Recommended,312530,29657093,Posted: 2 February,all,ERROR,My duck game just automatically stopped working whenever I go into on steam and click it it doesn't work
,Recommended,312530,24394869,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Barguit,"small delay at start of round,. even when i host it... not internet problem gets me killed 1/2times"
76561198171154410,Recommended,312530,34162431,Posted: 10 August,all,Salt Master,Very funny and intersting premise for a game. I love the art style and the gameplay is great. A lot of fun especially with friends and with mods. Definitely worth full price.
76561198003431894,Recommended,312530,17144369,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,DDNappaTheProducer,"So do you like fun?  You do?  Good, now shut up and buy this game.Quack Quack MotherQuackerAlso don't break the back levers on your keyboard by hitting it in a heated match like I did."
,Recommended,312530,31009740,Posted: 7 April,all,Serenzical,"Duck Game is a game that is best enjoyed with friends. While there is a Singleplayer arcade mode that provides a good challenge for those who want to get the best rating on every challenge, it is not near as fun as the fast paced multiplayer mode. This game is my favorite game to play with freinds and will provide hours of entertainment for everyone playing. The game even convinced me to buy it for two of my freinds so I could play it with them and I feel that it was worth the money just because it gave me more people to play this amazing game with. you can even make mods for the game with a little bit of effort, making hat mods is rather easy while making weapon mods is rather difficult. If you don't want to make your own mods you can always find some pretty fantastic mods on the steam workshop. In all honesty if I could give this game a rating I would give it a 10/10 because I can't think of anything wrong with the game at all. If you are looking for a fun game to play with your freinds then you should definitely give this game a try!"
,Recommended,312530,18643706,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,BOT KernalR8,...
,Recommended,312530,18649579,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Wolf Drawn,Quack
76561198189513715,Recommended,312530,27762545,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Retro Rider,This is the first game I've ever reviewed on steam. It's simply amazing.
76561198068032535,Recommended,312530,27767050,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kodekill,Too much fun.
,Recommended,312530,27767872,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,Without a doubt the best use of a farm animal in a game!!!
,Recommended,312530,35214340,Posted: 25 September,all,NIKILARATUTU,Quacks quacks quacks!Quacks quacks quacks quacks quacksQuacks quacks 10/10
76561198047940041,Recommended,312530,23810202,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Broom,quack
76561198098389641,Recommended,312530,18141136,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,"D*mn son now this is a good game. Before long, you will have so much buckshot in you a**hole youwon't even care anymore. The phrase 'git gud' comes to mind..."
76561198042505861,Recommended,312530,25686781,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Myminion,"its a great 15~ hour game that then slowly falls apart when you have no friends to play with.without friends, dont purchase this game."
76561198122346578,Recommended,312530,20595201,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gundoggu,"i believe this game is the best ever! the editor is simple and easy to use,idon't know how many maps i've made already!"
,Recommended,312530,22735691,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mr.Saturn,QUACK
,Recommended,312530,23492877,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,scrap man,it's pretty good2/10
,Recommended,312530,23986607,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Constrise,*Quack*
,Recommended,312530,25209666,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Doge_man6,Hit B to quack.QUACK?SHAUN?
76561198086556733,Recommended,312530,23157299,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BlastKast,Qhat Qis Qhere Qo QayDid you think I was going to say quack?Oh♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312530,17390775,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,XD,Ducks + Quack = Ducks Quacking
76561198251892462,Recommended,312530,25418658,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ross,11/10This game is enjoyable....What do you expect for me to say.
,Recommended,312530,28711126,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hocti,jsut great for 4 play
,Recommended,312530,35456647,Posted: 3 October,all,Jackie Chan,is not bad
76561198052264389,Recommended,312530,35461732,Posted: 3 October,all,Sassy | Skial.com,"UI is broken.its a fun game; but the controls were uncomfortable so upon changing them to my liking i learned the hard way that the game doesnt automatically replace the functions of keys when you select them with keys already in use, effectively i made my slect kiey and my back key both ""e"" and it prioritizes exit menu over select, if that makes sense at all its hard for me to word things properly when im typing while engraged over screwing myself out of $13.00.other than that the gameplay is fun, my friends and i had a blast with every round and everything worled great, though from experience make sure that your control set up is water tight before confirming that you want your controls to be that way or else you can possibly make your game unplayable. im more or less posting this revie; hoping that the developers will fix this problem in a patch or something.other than that my overall rating is: 4/5 wish i could play it more but steam cloud has a personal vendetta against me."
,Recommended,312530,35453226,Posted: 3 October,all,Robert00o,i zink  es gaad gem cus i rely lek it cus my compuetr is a potatoe s oit kan handle itYES yes YES
,Recommended,312530,35459066,Posted: 3 October,all,UltamentoQuackerz,Lov dis gam
76561198286663867,Recommended,312530,35459732,Posted: 3 October,all,earthquack,its good
,Recommended,312530,19013415,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Cornelius!!!!!,"Cons: You're a duck. I hate ducks.Pros: You get to murder other ducks.It's WarioWare, mixed with Smash Bros, mixed with Metal Slug. Also single player missions and training. Buy if that sounds good to you."
76561198177918967,Recommended,312530,25206563,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Burnt Toast,more addictive than quack
,Recommended,312530,34199676,Posted: 12 August,all,Megareece24,Good gayme
76561198324693298,Recommended,312530,34208677,Posted: 13 August,all,BigDaddyDongus,quack...
76561198083785278,Recommended,312530,34211763,Posted: 13 August,all,The Beardy Sloth,"AutismoGizmo's back at it again with some fresh memes. Autism by yourself, autism with your friends, autismic fun for the whole family."
,Recommended,312530,34217299,Posted: 13 August,all,In The Chromozone,good
,Recommended,312530,28638526,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,X3CK0,"Easy to understand, hard not to die, really fun with friends"
,Recommended,312530,16235661,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Gurg cultist,PCGAMER - SKYRIM WITH DUCKSFPSGAMER - LIKE DUCK SIM BUT WITH GUNSthis was the best open world expirence of 2015 i can honestly say that this game is highly recomended becasue of all the in depth physics and graphics i really really enjoy the amount of secret locations such as the sewer level with chainsaw dan its  really entertaining and the final mission where you kill your brother holly♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312530,16287372,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,fly790420,Duck game is brilliant!10/10 will quack again.
,Recommended,312530,16269086,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Steck,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,17061417,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,fatsoh,pretty good but crit BOT sucks at it
76561198207602201,Recommended,312530,24920091,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Captian Crunch,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,312530,25195959,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Keta,Fun with friends
,Recommended,312530,16209104,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Never Nude,"Welcome to....DUCK GAME....-EDIT-""PRESS B TO QUACK""you can use bible to make the guy into you but then he will kill himself, I Don't understand it but it's a way to win the round, WORD WORD WORD 12/10you also can charge a laser for a more powerful shot! 11/10the end gives you a little time to dance and quack, this will make many rage 12/10you can unlock hats by playing levels, you cannot spend money to buy hats 11/10level editor 12/10no hat editor 0/12the music is good 10/10overall perfect"
,Recommended,312530,19124763,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Chappadoodle,I have suffered countless amounts of box related fatalities ...11/10 would get crushed again
,Recommended,312530,19048219,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,demorobiie,very fun action packed game that just helps the time fly by.
,Not Recommended,312530,22384376,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,NatriP,"Extremely fun game.It would be a lot more fun if it didnt have so many glitches with multiplayer.Examples:-Shows on my screen that I had picked up the gun, turns out, the other person does.-constantly lags all around the map, has nothing to do with my internet.-bullet usually goes right through other player, instead of killing himSo, if you like multiplayer games, that can actually run correctly, I wouldn't advise you to get this one."
76561198044761577,Recommended,312530,28580853,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DonsamaBinLaDon,This game fkn poooooooooops. That is all.
76561198081802639,Recommended,312530,16299114,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Hank,Good
,Recommended,312530,16208024,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Shaman,PRESS B TO QUACKbest game
,Recommended,312530,32054199,Posted: 29 May,all,vojdka ahhhhhhaaaaa,make friends mad
76561198045117939,Recommended,312530,20460539,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,salty,"DONT BUY THIS GAME OR THE FOUR PACK. I THOUGHT I COULD HAVE FUN WITH OTHERS BUT THE F**KING PEOPLE I GAVE IT TO ARE BETTER AND ARE ALWAYS HOST. UNLESS YOU WANT TO INVEST IN A NEW MONITOR, CONTROLLER OR EVEN A WALL, STAY THE F AWAY.IF MY DUCK WAS MAYBE ATHLETIC IN ANY WAY OR AN EX SEAL TEAM SIX MEMBER MAYBE I COULD HAVE FUN. MAYBE.REMEMBER KIDS THE HOST GETS THE WHITE DUCK AND IS ALWAYS WINNING. COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT!"
,Recommended,312530,31483828,Posted: 1 May,all,ChickenNNuggeT69,Da best gam eber.Fuc i vought dis gam 1 month agoo and nou its 50 persent of!fuc mi live
,Recommended,312530,25152450,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MKII,Best. Game. Ever. Quack quack...
,Recommended,312530,18702643,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Smash,"Duck Gameis a game where if you took Smash Bros, add some Mario Bros, but replace the characters with ducks, you get yourself a good game.  It's got long range weapons, power ups, and melee weapons to work with (depending on map).You can also create your own stages/maps with theEDITOR.You don't have to draw or anything like that, it is more of a placing blocks kind of creating.What makes this more interesting is that if you are a horrible artist like me, this can help.  You can make really cool hats to put on your duck really easy.  Many programs to use, but the best recommendation isPaint.NET."
76561198056496158,Recommended,312530,16197683,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DunWhale,"this game.....THIS GAME IS AMAZING! Your a duck and you shoot your friends.....THATS IT. If your not sold yet, there is a single button and its only purpose......IS FOR YOU TO QUACK! 20/10 BEST GAME OF 2015!"
,Recommended,312530,17084429,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Uncle Phil,Trying to join serverFailed(Timeout)Trying to join duckFailed(Timeout)Trying to join deathFailed(Timeout)
,Recommended,312530,17668894,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Big-T,Pros:-You can be a duck.-You can quack.Cons:-There is no Shia LeBeouf in it.
76561198096217822,Recommended,312530,17340952,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Yo Merry Christmas,starts playing duck game at 1:00 pm 2 seconds later looks at the clock 7:00 am
,Recommended,312530,19969244,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jaden,Lit
,Recommended,312530,22747088,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Reid,Game of the year 2015
,Recommended,312530,27354713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hazzary453,"8.5/10Pros:Fast paced, 1 hit kill, last man/duck? standing styleLots of weapons, most with a different play styleWonderful little detailsMOSTLY decent communityQuackingNearly 300 hours of game time and still learning new tricks. Did not expect that from a game that seemed so simple.Cons:Lag can make 1 duck un-killable or their attacks un-avoidableSome spawns are straight up better than others"
,Recommended,312530,29374128,Posted: 20 January,all,Ear-Raping Ethan!,Senpai Is Senpai
76561198112410528,Recommended,312530,23454003,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ZOOBOO,QUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKstupidserverswithkidsthatkickyoufornoreasonandorwhenyouwinQUACKQUACKQUACKQUAKCUQACKQUACKQUACKcontrolssometimesfeelmadeforcontrollersQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACK
,Recommended,312530,31724334,Posted: 13 May,all,Я. | Yyaa.,"Quack, quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack? Quack quack quack quack quack."
,Recommended,312530,25830279,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Juli,"Very good game, you just tryhard, make people rage quit, and ruin friendships!"
76561198016589184,Recommended,312530,25448466,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,bailodudley,10/10 wouldent change thing.
,Recommended,312530,16580647,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,deviousfroggy,like bad rats but with ducks
,Recommended,312530,33028517,Posted: 30 June,all,Chavid,"That moment when you threw the grenade and forgot to pull the pin, but at the same time your friend pulled his pin but forgot to throw the grenade."
76561198248059002,Recommended,312530,32136287,Posted: 2 June,all,Nikola Tesla,IT'S A MASTAPIECE
76561198088124058,Recommended,312530,19221995,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Magolor_bro,"Duck Game is more likely one of the best games for Steam and the X-BOX (and maybe the PS1,PS2,PS3 or PS4, tell me which one it is on so i know!) but getting all of those hats and what not is just SOOO HARD TO GET!!! more to the Captin's hat!!!!!!!! did you even think how hard it is just to get ONE I SAY ONE ""U R THE BEST"" so what do you do? MAKE THE UNLOCK BE THAT YOU HAVE TO GET ALL OF THE LEVEL'S ""U R THE BEST"" FOR THE UNLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND IT'S JUST ONE HAT!!!!!!!!!!! FOR ALL THAT!!!!! for every one it feels like to get all the cash ever you have to do the hardest test thats endless and you have to get a 100 on it!!! so you just did a don't thats to not do that"
,Recommended,312530,33158700,Posted: 2 July,all,TheLoserNamedGilbert,worst game I've ever played 10/10 would not recommend
76561198107020550,Recommended,312530,20791526,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mr. Holy Banana,DUCK GAME!A very classy 4 player platformer deathmatch game. You feel the duck action deeply. Good for playing with friends. I recommend playing with a controller.PROS+Lots of creative weapons.+Hats. Of course.+Exciting map elements.+Fast rounds. (You are always on action)+Sexy music plays while matchmaking. (Seriously. Sexy.)CONS-Liquid physics ruin the performance.-Glitchy ragdolls.-No computer controlled players. (AI? I don't know)8/10This game is made for me.
,Recommended,312530,22729168,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Alucard,best game ever
,Recommended,312530,25304857,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,EH HE,My last name is this game.
76561198035323493,Recommended,312530,16741474,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,: - ) ALL,QUACK. QUACK.10/10
,Recommended,312530,29529128,Posted: 27 January,all,a weal human bean,issa good gaem
,Recommended,312530,28160921,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr.red #teampyro,ITS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING WORKING
76561198259537854,Recommended,312530,28241867,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,CrazyKid907,wow ok i payed 20 $ for the game. now it is 13 $ and i got no money back
76561198254062668,Recommended,312530,32373785,Posted: 12 June,all,Resident Sleeper,good
76561198116309214,Recommended,312530,18526495,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Savory Sam (Rock),"much quack, very duck..........QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK 420/69"
,Recommended,312530,20956860,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,chief,quack
76561198040830522,Recommended,312530,20899789,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,King Andus a silly robot🍌,Pressed the quack button more then I played the game in seconds.
,Recommended,312530,17145795,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[TBR] baka,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7sLYNwevDQ
,Recommended,312530,20516551,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KSquiggles.,Can you quackCan you quack like a duck when you suckCan you buck like a horse when we ♥♥♥♥Can you take every inch up your buttCan you♥♥♥♥♥♥on my chest for good luckCan you quackCan you quack like a duck when you suckCan you fart on my balls when we ♥♥♥♥Can you stick your whole tongue up my buttCan you♥♥♥♥♥♥on my chest for good luckCan you quackCan you quack like a duck when you suckGive it a suckGive it a ♥♥♥♥But you ain't cute enough to where I want to knock you upAnd if you swallow it whole can you take it up the buttNow I might keep you around long enough to bust a nutWell I want to knock you downCause I want to knock you upAll I really want to do is ♥♥♥♥ you in the buttThen you turn around and then you suck it upWhile your girlfriend's behind me with her tongue right up my butt.
,Recommended,312530,25195255,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Moonteeth,Best game ever!!But you need to have a friend
,Recommended,312530,25201575,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kuningas Negros Mustavalkoinen,cuck game is a game where u play as duck
,Recommended,312530,27979350,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Raisoren,Best use for a duck in the history of ever.
,Recommended,312530,16801387,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Trashman MDEV,"Split-screen and online multiplayer are mutually exclusive. If you're an old-school gamer, that's all you need to know to decide whether or not you should get this game. In other words, WHY HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT THIS GAME YET?"
,Recommended,312530,18680340,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kalle™,Quack the duck before the duck your mother quack!10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,33780099,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,"Easily the best party game on Steam. Destroying and humiliating your friends never gets old. 3 button gameplay, 1 of them being quack. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16286589,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Phantom Onion,I cannot beleive how much fun this silly game is. IT'S GOOD BUY NOW!
,Recommended,312530,32071509,Posted: 30 May,all,MadMrMod,"If you want to buy a game that up to 4 friends can play,this is the game is for you and yo 3 other friends"
,Recommended,312530,25124890,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jnklr,"Not sure what to say. Its got ducks, thats for damn sure."
76561198173074474,Recommended,312530,25135785,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Monkey Baron,Quack!!!
,Recommended,312530,28607596,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bottle of piss,3 wordsshoot each otherits a fun game7 words
76561198273429731,Recommended,312530,22753427,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BruceTheGoose,"Life is like a hurricane here in Duck GameRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck-blur!Might solve a mysteryOr rewrite history!Duck Game! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuck Game! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodLuck Tales!D-d-d danger lurks behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to some...Duck Game! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuck Game! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodDuck Game! Woo-oo!Not pony Games or cotton Games, no,Duck Game! Woo-oo!"
,Recommended,312530,34919373,Posted: 13 September,all,LuciO-OHs,The only game where you can see a burger quacking
,Recommended,312530,22073244,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,StephenR3,"-My addiction-Seriously, to how much this gets it doesent matter how much, then alot of players use mods.IF A GAME HAS A WORKSHOP WITH MAPS AND SUCH, WHY CANT THEY PLAY THOSE?i am still having alot of things to do about this game, its still going to be awhile.60 / 100% i have no f**king addiction in positive ways."
,Recommended,312530,24209147,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KeWhat,Quuack quack!
,Recommended,312530,16232520,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rens2Sea,"Get yourself a towel, because oh boy, you're gonna [urinate] yourself laughing."
,Recommended,312530,23502558,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PIZZA CRUST,quack
,Recommended,312530,22698259,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Butcher's Nail,"This game is awesome. It's fast, it's furious, it's ridiculous. Totally worth the buy."
,Recommended,312530,25315692,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,0phux,its a pretty good game
,Recommended,312530,22694913,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Your Wife's 大嫌いest Son,"You know the mexican standoff part at the end of action movies? Where the flick gets its culmination, a tense shootout that ends after a few violent seconds?Take that, repeat it a few hundred times and you've got duck game."
,Recommended,312530,18643412,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ηikke,SO MUCH FUN ALONE AND WITH FRIENDS
,Recommended,312530,25174016,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Stttutter,The game can be super annoying when you're up against high pingers since it's so fast paced. Still a good game and even better with friends.
,Recommended,312530,22721144,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Codex,"Quack quack, Quack quack. Quack quack quack, Quaaaack, quack quack.Quack quack, quack, quack quack.quack/10"
,Recommended,312530,23056073,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sheriff,quack
,Recommended,312530,25174080,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jonnyd37,Press B to quack.Press X to die.
,Recommended,312530,16190776,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cintyx,quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack
,Recommended,312530,16284012,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Massy,if you buy nowcome ongood
76561198274988525,Not Recommended,312530,33963148,Posted: 1 August,all,Seabrass,"Although I really do love this game, I would not reccomend this game for players who don't have friends to play with, due to the fact that there are players who can absolutly destroy every player that plays in their lobby who are new to the game. There are also not many players who play, and so there aren't many servers. The gameplay is repetative and the single player is boring. If you love repetative shoot and kill games, then this will be your dream come true."
,Recommended,312530,16189834,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sadman?,Quacking is the worst disrespect
,Recommended,312530,22698598,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,snavis,Its like Super Smash Bro's but with Ducks.... and so much more! :D I highly recommend this one. *10/10*UPDATE*The multiplayer is basically dead.
,Recommended,312530,29684465,Posted: 3 February,all,the hollywood hootsman,first impressions: goodpros: funcons: costs money
,Recommended,312530,22764202,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TheBlankFaceGamer,I̴͙͓͚͙̺͙̲̗͛͆̋̽̃̊̐̈̌̀̓͂̉́͘͜f̷̣̮̫̲͉̱̪̮͍̪̣͙̱͈̅ͅ ̸̢̛̛̩͉͔̭̺̮̯͛͐͑̈́̿͘y̵̰̳͉̆̇̍̈́̽̐̈́̃͆̄̂͒̌͜o̴͉̩͓̝͖̪̳͙̾̍̆̓̿́͑̓̎̒͠u̷̔͜ ̶͈̠̫̣̟̰͚͔̱͕̿̾̍̈́́͗̃̾̈́̒̕͜͠l̵̡͍͍̱̞͚̐͗́̈́ͅi̸̧̡̠̤͉̦͓̤͕͎̳͓̪̫̽͛̂̔̕k̷̢̗͉̬̞͓̱̈͊̏̄͆ḛ̶͚̗̞̣̼̲̜̆̿̊͜ ̸͖̪̯̰͉̫̒̕Ḿ̶̘̠͍̜̲͓̯̻͖̮̞̩̗̀̉͌̓̾́͘͜ǘ̶̢̧̱̮͓̲̎ļ̷̳̝̘̺̮̱̃͑̈́̏͋̈̓̿̍͘t̸͉̗̭̼̪͂̈́̓͑̅̉͂̆̐͗́̕͘ī̶̥̞̘͚̻̯͔̮̠̜̝̄͐̀̄̅̀͋p̴̢̩͉͇̋͑l̸̢̺͎̙̝̖̺͇͍̝̰͗̎͐̑̑̈́a̶̞͈̥͉͖̟̺͊̓̋͋̑͑̊y̸̧̘͙͓̞͈͇͇̠͇̹͊̄̄̓͆̈́͌̈́͋̄͂̌ḛ̷̻̟͊̀r̷͎̳͎͉̤̬͖̫͍̠͇̿̉͗̅̔̉͘̕ ̶̛̘̩̆̐̋̎̈̀̒̉̏͠ģ̴̧̛̭̗̟̜̣͉̺̈́͋͛̓͌̎͌͌̍͒̉̑̄ͅͅả̶̜͈̗͖̽̈́͒̃͂̓̅͑̚̕͝m̴̨̢̭̯̗͑͗̀̒͑̏̿̓͒̉̄͌͊̚ĕ̸̡̨̱̙̪̪͍̱̳͓̟̓̍̎̈̒͜͝s̵̡͉̊̈́̕̚͝͠ ̷̯̼̬̫̞̱̆͜t̸̡̨̯͇̺͍̓̄͜h̷̦̖͙̟̜̙̺̭̼̺͋̋̇͒̎̑̐́̈̊̇̎̚͜͠ͅȁ̴̧̛̬̯͓̫̗͖͖͖̃̆̽̈́t̵̛̛͖̙̺̝͉̬̂̀̒͋̊̀̆̚̕͠ ̵̢̦̤̱͎͎̣̽̄͗̑̐̏̃̆̈́̇ư̷̭̥̙͈̽͗̏͂͑̒͗̎̕s̵̱͉͙̔̓͛͐ͅḙ̸̛͐̌̄͆̄̊̄̂͝ ̶̳̰̭̘̲͌͗͐̇̒̍͂f̵̪͚̯͕̙͍̼̩́̓̇͛͑̋̐͋̿͠ů̶̧͎̯͙͙͌̎͛͝ͅn̶̞̯͋̋̆̿̌̈́̆͂͊̊͠͝͠͝ ̵̧̧̭̟̬̞͒͛̒̐̽̂̓̅̀̍̉͌́̅f̴̹̥͉̹̠̣͍͍̩͖͛͆͌͆̾͗͆͐̑̾͂͐̚͜i̷͖̥͉̬̰̬͐́̂̈́̂̄̍ͅͅg̴̢͖̤̳̟̤̺̱͇̗̞̦͕͓̈́͂̓h̴̢̡̻̜̘͍̹̝̯͓͕̣̐̋̃̇̂̏͊̏̆͂̀͠ţ̵̡͍̭̺̻̲̱̬̣̣̦͉̪̮͒̋̈́̆̇̇͗̎̄͝͠͠ị̵̙͎̖̀̊̊̃͜ņ̵͎̰͚̙̮̮̮̥͍͇͋̒͌́͊̔̾͜͜͝g̶̛̦ ̵̖̖̹̬̩̠̙̦́͑̀̏̒͑̚ͅp̷̢̧͈̺̼̘̩̯̩̫̫̏͛̆̓̊̃̀̋̈́͜͜͝ͅh̸̺͎̑͊̃͂͆͌͊̀y̴̧͎͈͚͗̍̍s̷̢͚̞͍̜͔̰̻̰̓̀͐̾̽͒̓̈́̚͝͝͠͝i̴̫͍̋͊͋̂̃̈́̀̾̊̃̕͠ç̶̧͔̣̺̹̬͎̣̲̖̗̗̣̃̚͝s̸̫̘̈́́ ̴̡̪̔̋̉̽̓͌́̾̈͊̑͋̓̌ā̵͚̥̻̬̺̜͙̥͛̏͌̈́̒̀̒̄͂ņ̵͎̲̣͍̰̈́̍̄̈́̈́̕͝d̶̢̢̗̜̜͓̱̖̤͙̗͑̎̎͘͝ ̷̨̟̯̥͐͊͌̑̉̈́́͆̊̆̅̿̓̆̎ç̵̤̰̟͇̟͙͑̐̏̀̔͒͒͗̇͒̅̎̈͝ͅò̵̫͔̖̤̘̤̣͍̰͍͈̰͉͋͊͗̌̈́͘͝ͅͅm̴̛̛̟̙̜̤̝̼̘͔̝̯̬̹͙͊͊̊̈́̇̑̒́̅̓̎͜͠e̸̻̹͈̹̗̲̰͆̓̓̾̀͛͘d̶͉̻̟͎̰̳̬̼̘͕̦̐̈́̽̾̿̆̽̓͋̚͝͝i̶̢̢̹̰̘̯͓̘̘̖̘̣͊͜ͅͅç̷͕̩̫͓̣̘͙̣̝̮͇͆͊̑̀̚ ̸̨̨͍̯̯̙̟̠̪̺̜̦̇͒̈́̓̎̈́̕͜t̵͙̥̺̦̫̹̘̜̞͖͉͉̦̿̈́̄͌̽͗̕͘i̵̧͓̹͓̺͔̣̟̗̖̬̻͙͍͔͑͑̑̅̂̃̎̅̌͑͝m̴̧̘͉̜̯͍̰̼͎̄̍̄̌̓͝e̷̦̣̺͎̥͍̘̖͊̕s̴̩̆̂̈́͊͘͠ ̸͉̇̒̇̈́̃́͂̓̇̒̃̓̕͝͠y̵̡̛̙͚̹͉̼͍̮̗̹͇̙̔͊̏̀̃̐̾̋̀̈́͂̅͘͝ǫ̶̧̹̺̲̖̃͆̎̌̐͑̃̈́ų̶͈̰͇̲̫̦̠̫̲͐͗͐̇̾̊͋͋͒̊̚ͅ ̷̖̦̏̾̀w̸̛̪͙͐̀̐͊̐̏̽̆̎͘͝i̷͚̬̳̐͗̈́l̴̯͑̌̑̈́͊̄͗̚̕͠͝l̷̛͔͔͕͓̭͇̓̐̐͑͒̽̍ ̵͎̩̖̹̻̺͍̖̟̓̃͂ͅḺ̴̡̡̨̛̩͔͑̈̒̓̐͆͒͝͝͝Ơ̴͓͓͝V̵̛̻͙̎͌̎̇̾̃͗̾̕̚͝E̸̞͎̦̽́̏̿̿͐̈́͒̄̾͆͐ ̵̡̯͇̌̋͘D̷̡̙̼̺̞̯͎̰̬̟͖͆̀̓̓̀̽̓̍͊͘͜u̸̢̨͓̠͔̲͚̹̫͍͆͛̊̿̂͛̓̈̃͌͘͠͝c̴̢͈̖͓̰̺̣͖͑̀̋͆̏͐̇͛͘͠͝͝k̵̠͈͈͍̗͙̻̥̲͚͂ͅ ̵͖̞͖̻̥̬̰͎̼̞̆̽́̚͝͝͝ͅḠ̶̛̬̠͎̬̝͎̭̜̮̟͉͈̳́̎̌̈́͛͌̽͜͝͝ͅa̸̖̟̅̆ṃ̷̱̜̦̹͂̽͆̓̂͑̕͝ẹ̸̢̡̡̮̯̠͔͔̣̇́͐̂̎͝͝
76561198126322309,Recommended,312530,26352673,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SloppyKissesFromGranny420,good memetop of he rage cancerbuy it or ill♥♥♥♥♥♥upon thou cheerioskind and most remarkable regardsya boimatty b and my secret lover jocob sartorious
,Recommended,312530,21653677,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,smore,it's nice to play with your friends but go to multiplayer and get your♥♥♥♥♥♥wrecked
,Recommended,312530,32065018,Posted: 30 May,all,Turtle765,Great hilarious gameplay good to play online and with friends
,Recommended,312530,25177366,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,AVARK,GG
,Recommended,312530,16269074,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[TAVOG] Doomkiller,">Playing with friend>Have jetpack and net gun>Got friend with net gun>Grab him, and go to throw him off the map>Use jet pack to go up, and throw>He dissappears>What>Spend 2 minutes doing nothing but what>He finally appears going past the map at supersonic speed>10/10 would throw friend into stratosphere again"
76561198127564455,Recommended,312530,16229271,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cameron,Amazing!! Quack on friends :)
76561198071521231,Recommended,312530,17049799,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Spooky Sushi,time for a pros and cons listPositivesGood GraphicsFun gameplayCustomizable character (ish)over 50 weapons and levelsLocal and Online multiplayerQuackMehsLevel editor?Challenges?ConsF#%@ING TRYHARDSOdd controlsQuack/10 would f$#@ing die again
,Recommended,312530,16774017,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KNIFE DOG,This is a game.9/11
,Recommended,312530,26298479,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sabes,My girlfriend beats me everytime. Ive already tied the noose. I r8 10/10
,Recommended,312530,16376468,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Voyagerz,Best duck game everQUACK
,Recommended,312530,17870116,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,JLAgamer™,Best Game 10/10 -Ign Would Die of ragdoll again
,Recommended,312530,17408472,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,M I L E S,"Couldn't recommend this game enough, one of the games I've played that is actually fun"
,Recommended,312530,25141770,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shu Shu,pretty dank
,Not Recommended,312530,29304805,Posted: 16 January,all,ChrisDaDerp,"This game is good. If it's good, why don't I recommend it? Well, I do not believe it is worth the price of $13. I would say it is worth closer to $5. The game is basically grab a weapon and shoot the other person, blow them up, throw them off the map, anything to kill them. As you play, you earn funny cosmetics to change the look of your duck. It's fun to play with your friends because you start getting mad and laughing at each other for how stupid it is (in a good way). The game is quick and simple, as you go through rounds very fast.The game is good and funny, but not worth the price. Only buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,312530,24577727,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AdolfCritler,Adolf Critler aproves of this fantastic game
76561198056698156,Recommended,312530,18213420,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,BuddyStud 🎮,Made the best love yet with my girl while the charater select screen music played in the backround. 10 out of 10 would slam dat booty again.
,Not Recommended,312530,33104305,Posted: 1 July,all,Anuszalfje,The idea is ♥♥♥♥ing great but the controls keep resetting to♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970502038,Not Recommended,312530,31459401,Posted: 30 April,all,glenn_hitt,"I understood when buying this game that it was a old fashion ""scrolling"" game.  I did not understand though that it would have virtually no instructions or simple gameplay tips.  It was very cumbersome for me to play with a keyboard.  I think it may be better to play on a console than pc.  Steam, I understand you offer a refund policy.  This is the first game that I truly wanted to return.  Sorry"
76561198057999675,Not Recommended,312530,33684811,Posted: 20 July,all,themac79,"I don't recommend this game because of the controls and camera, so you'll just be looking around before you're killed. It's hard for me to tell who I am and where because you have no clue. It spawns you with no clue where you are. Also people can spam the flap button while they are hitting their head on the very bottom of the platform so they can't get hit like on one server I was on."
,Not Recommended,312530,30994592,Posted: 7 April,all,Gamerboy.EXE,HOW DO IFX THIS??? IT SAYS ERROR CONTENT FILES LOCKED.
76561198158330959,Not Recommended,312530,34700991,Posted: 2 September,all,liljeck11,"im super sorry to write a bad review, i love this game.  recently every time i try to open this game im faced with a crash report saying alot of stuff that boils down to not having a chainsaw sound effect, i think? either way it wont work. plz help!"
,Recommended,312530,16207786,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nice Guy,I love that you can write reviews after only 20 minutes played. But this game is fun.
,Not Recommended,312530,34501412,Posted: 26 August,all,Noblebird,"Might be fun in a local match. But the uncessary mechanics like being shoot downwards and boost yourself ruin an already hardly accessible game. Sure the competative community might love it, but 90% of the players and casual players like myself hate it.It is meant to be a casual game, but ruined by overdesign and complex mechanics requiring very precise input.Also no linux port."
,Recommended,312530,19828403,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Nugget,"This video game answers the life long question of, ""What if we were ducks?""."
76561198080487882,Recommended,312530,25421719,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Regan,"I don't know what to say about this game, so I'm just going to do something about it.*Dab*11/10 would *Dab* with me."
76561198087531062,Recommended,312530,32029723,Posted: 28 May,all,"Rice, extra eggs",i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread. i am the duck and i eat bread.oh and btw this is a good game 10/10
,Recommended,312530,32075251,Posted: 30 May,all,Evolten,it's okay
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,312530,25181226,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,天诛,It can be fun if you have friends to play with.... IF....Also there is no proper tutorial to explain game mechanics lol Like sliding etc.I wish I could play with bots in single player matches but instead i have to do some crappy arcade modes... I dont think you will rack up lots of hours on this one. For a 2-3 pounds game I would recommend it but not for a 10.
,Recommended,312530,16217401,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Fat Friar Funk,Woke up everyone in my house because I was screaming and cursing at my friends. 10/10 would cause domestic disturbances again.
76561198142753189,Not Recommended,312530,23818294,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,motzand,don't really see the point tbh
76561198356731210,Not Recommended,312530,31731946,Posted: 13 May,all,72forlife,"Wish it had a neutral vote, because the game is really good. However, no one plays it >:("
,Not Recommended,312530,25205604,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jawack,"If you have friends and you aren't getting screwed by bugs, RNG or lag it's ok.Arcade mode is fun for a bit, then the novelty wears off and it just becomes a janky platformer shooter that does neither good."
,Not Recommended,312530,21160464,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr.Tektite,Do not get me wrong. The game itself is solid and enjoyable I assume if you have a game pad or controller of some sort. but the fact that I cant bind my mouse and the way it needs to be bound to play i just cant get into it.all that said if that was not an issue I would reccomend this game cause i can see it being alot of fun.
,Not Recommended,312530,25204682,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,lir555,"Boring alone, the multiplayer does not work"
76561198194618114,Not Recommended,312530,25481592,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Lil Uzi Seth(ILL FATED),"Fun at first but a severe lack of content/features, and a lack of dev support/updates. Although this game has its moments and can be very fun, but due to the lack of support and content from the developers the game and the community alike fizzled out and died. 4/10"
76561198073418839,Not Recommended,312530,20409052,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TeamBestKorea,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,312530,31880078,Posted: 21 May,all,Potato Senpai,"Even though I didn't recomend this game, im completely nuatral about it. The guns and maps are amazing but the game is exploitable (whoever ducks faster doesn't die), nobody plays, and the controls are clunky. Modifiers are also useless."
76561198010644098,Not Recommended,312530,24126619,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,king(strange)james488,"kinda fun, but the lack of decent lobbies, lack of players, and general lacking kinda ruin it...might be fun if you want to buy 3 friends this pile of crap and give it to them for free..."
,Not Recommended,312530,28858202,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shockeray,Has been crashing on launch for a month or so now and have been unable to find a fix that works. WIll update after the game works again.
76561197999839662,Not Recommended,312530,29774378,Posted: 7 February,all,PlagueXKill3R,"I guess its just me, but I did not find this game fun or easy to pick up."
,Not Recommended,312530,25463601,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,CATKAT,it is a amazing game but I can noy play it on the mac if i could it would be the best game ever
76561198234796568,Not Recommended,312530,33450847,Posted: 11 July,all,Big Money $lavia,"Good game, not a lot of players"
,Not Recommended,312530,23124230,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mr Larson,this game is bad
,Not Recommended,312530,22475005,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Internet Frog,"Took me over a month to get all Dev medals in arcade, not even that fun, and now everybody online  just kicks me when they see me and i cant play local cause nobody in my family is a gamer!Also, everybody online is either salty or abuse lag to win the game."
76561198110040307,Not Recommended,312530,22745964,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Donny,"Waste of money, don't buy it."
,Recommended,312530,16987553,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,KIT,This game tore my family apart.This game tore my friendships apart.This game tore all of my fingers off.This game tore my soul out of my throat.This game tore my life away from me.This game...made me a husk of the duck I used to be.420/69 GO BUY THIS LIFE EATING GAME NOW!!!
76561198079758692,Not Recommended,312530,24513040,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pardonreed,Would have liked it a lot more if they didn't give players who have controllars a huge advantageI regret buying this so much
,Not Recommended,312530,22993012,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,mrojo,GAME SUX
76561198143660199,Not Recommended,312530,20551562,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wint3rF0x,To many people hack the game and its no fun playing with hacks do something but i wouldnt buy waste of your money and my money regret everything buying this was stupid and wanna play with hack heres the gameuninstall button work great 11/10
76561198016751051,Not Recommended,312530,30312801,Posted: 4 March,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★✰✰✰ (2/5)
,Not Recommended,312530,24401538,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Shogun,"The game would be more fun if the you could use the mouse. I found the controls clunky and, no matter what the configuration was, I never felt comfortable with the keyboard only control scheme; I have played other games  like Gang beasts, and found them to be easier.I won't say not to buy it off you like these kinds of games, but I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,312530,30528594,Posted: 15 March,all,Fahdq8,z8
,Not Recommended,312530,23210115,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,BERZERKBUNNY.32,nope
76561198267506564,Not Recommended,312530,26280756,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Boom Sonic,It Wont Run I Have Tried EVERYTHING!!!
,Not Recommended,312530,23045090,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Citrus God,Can't even launch game 0/10
,Not Recommended,312530,23802430,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Svardskampe,"Multiplayer is dead. Bought this during the summer sale, and there were 3 games ongoing. For a game that is multiplayer-focussed, I can't recommend it anymore. There are a few singleplayer challenges, but they are mostly fluff. (Shame, as the game is fun though!)"
,Not Recommended,312530,29568502,Posted: 29 January,all,Trash Man!!,this game is meh howerver if u dont like ducks then dont buy
76561198045705781,Not Recommended,312530,22226943,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Smooth_Harry,This game is fun for a few hours.
76561198089624278,Not Recommended,312530,24043799,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,VolkY,"Not worth your money, even when is on sale!"
76561198409260459,Not Recommended,312530,34021896,Posted: 4 August,all,kassykyocera2,Downloaded game and paid for it and it did not launch.. Asked for technical help and Steam said they cant help with outside vendors games.  Tried reinstalling and it didnt work.  Will be getting refund.
,Not Recommended,312530,28866602,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,02.10.17 -> 02.1.18,The game is awful. Repatitive. Not fun. Insulting that it's priced at £9. It's worth a £1 at most.
,Not Recommended,312530,33062336,Posted: 30 June,all,Eminem From NWA,Just here to say... dont let the negative reviews change your mind. The game is great and funny. Even if you dont have friends the online is still great. BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,312530,22767461,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kapper,This game is to hard please make it easier (especially the arcade) do i like this game? no. do i want to play it again? no. do i want to kill myself? yes. so well atleast theres that
76561198122720370,Not Recommended,312530,20932195,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,[N47] Nitron471,The singleplayer of this game is a rage game. You have to compete against times basically almost impossible to beat for a beginner.The multiplayer doesnt exist. I cannot find a single person online playing this game.So if you like a singleplayer with a time trial for each level which you cannot get gold for then by all means get it. But do not buy it for multiplayer since there is none.I really wanted to like this game. I really do.
,Not Recommended,312530,28853276,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,thanxricky,"Not even half as cool as the ads make it seem.  Surprisingly slow paced, one-kill matches that aren't anywhere near as chaotic as you'd expect.  Guns have to be manually picked up?  The whole flow of gameplay is thrown off by this system of like, 10 little 30 second matches.  The entire thing just feels clunky.  I feel ripped off for paying seven dollars."
,Not Recommended,312530,21899167,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PrivateBoots,♥♥♥♥ YOU OSCAR
76561198169317078,Not Recommended,312530,21138230,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,duhpotato,this game never will launch for me so i can't even play appart from 1 time wich i thauoght wasn't awful
76561198012592776,Not Recommended,312530,30066426,Posted: 20 February,all,try2think4yourself,this game dosent lanch it just robbed me of my money
76561198086506265,Not Recommended,312530,33751593,Posted: 23 July,all,mauri,this is stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥game don't buy
,Not Recommended,312530,22962826,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Arlojmikk,no waffles or spaghetti. IT ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS
76561198310512989,Not Recommended,312530,33046254,Posted: 30 June,all,ShoweryMage,wont work mad
,Not Recommended,312530,25880179,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,KKK Grand Wizard,boringwaste of money
,Not Recommended,312530,34402196,Posted: 21 August,all,iDropMusic,ITS A BAD GAME THAT DIDNT WORK AND WHEN YOU PLAY THIS GUY NAMED BIRDYKING WILL GO TRYHARD AND DESTROY YOU.I HATE THIS GAME AND WILL NEVER BUY IT AGAIN IT WAS VERRY BAD AND DIDNT WORK
,Not Recommended,312530,24417818,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,=(e)= Ninja Turtle,it sucks
,Not Recommended,312530,33070398,Posted: 30 June,all,ZSNO,"Made by people who hate themselves and everyone who would buy their piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Controls are terrible, gameplay is terrible, nothing is explained ever."
,Not Recommended,312530,28842256,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Husky Gentlesir,"I've played it for 9 minutes, and I've already experienced everything the game has to offer. It's not fun in multiplayer, it's a terrible meme game that might look fun when youtubers play it, but it's a terrible flash game that you won't enjoy. It's worth 79p at the mostt."
,Not Recommended,312530,20723607,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Goose,It's fun gamd for 30 minsmore than that it gets repetitive and boringnot worth the price actually
76561198120353587,Not Recommended,312530,32998668,Posted: 29 June,all,laureng216,got stupid and  hard controls
76561198153716181,Recommended,312530,23817820,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FlyingBuffalo2,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Not Recommended,312530,19795658,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ScattergunsReverything,"This game would be fun if the developers released more updates. This game is empty, no one plays anymore... :("
76561198051485723,Not Recommended,312530,16725518,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ChocolateNuggy,"If you don't plan on playing with a controller, don't buy this game.Even after rebinding on keyboard, it's unplayable. For me."
,Not Recommended,312530,25902794,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ShossTheBoss,"nah,,"
,Not Recommended,312530,20167282,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,getninjaN.vU,"Well... It's not worth full price (EUR 12.99) and not even with a -25% discount (EUR 9.74).Could be fun if all you had to pay was EUR 1, but I ain't even sure about that.In my opinion, this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,312530,19930349,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Wafflism,Soooooooooo boring. I couldn't even find any servers to join because... no one was playing! And that wasn't surprising
,Not Recommended,312530,19650356,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,negromancer,It's fun for a few hours and then it gets boring. You don't get any bang for your buck.
76561198170461497,Not Recommended,312530,19978104,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,axpain1,IF YOU DONT HAVE A CONTROLER ITS UNPLAYABLE
,Not Recommended,312530,28175549,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Foxy ;),dab montage part 4 was better.
,Not Recommended,312530,25169947,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Wumbone,Yes i do understand i only have one hour but i do not have a controller. You 100% need a controller to play this game otherwise it will be too difficult to play
,Not Recommended,312530,16531324,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,dr3xPHDxexGT500supream leader,"been over 2 weeks im trying to look for more players.it always shows 0 players /hosts/games avalible to meso do yur reserch before u buy the game U CANT PLAY ONLINE TILL UR PART OF ______ AREA/region!!such a wonderful game , such bad managementwant a refund !"
76561198067479076,Not Recommended,312530,16427589,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cheeseburger Fingers,"It's crazy fun, but non-stop disconnections and crashes completely ruin it.  Also, I have been kicked out of multiple games simply because I was winning.  I'll have no problem recommending this game if these issues are fixed.EDIT: This game can be reviewed in 2 words: Host Disconnected."
,Not Recommended,312530,18774109,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,FizzyAppleJuice,"The controls are a bit too weird for my taste. Even with modifying the controls, everything felt weird."
76561198070468902,Not Recommended,312530,16286991,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,louis33tre,"If you plan on playing with a keyboard I would not recommend. Controls are clunky and I made a mistake in the control configuration menu that completely broke the game and made it unplayable and unfixable so I had to request a refund. The actual game is incredibly fun, but the UI needs to be fixed. My friend played with a controller and had no problems so thats the way to go if you get this game."
76561197979624909,Not Recommended,312530,17021464,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,"What a terrible game. Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't change keybinds so you're forced to use a controller.  Normal keybinds are wasd, c is pickup and v is shoot, WHY WOULD YOU PUT EVERYTHING ON ONE SIDE OF A KEYBOARD.  Can't tell what character I am whatsover.  Everything about this game is garbage. $12.99 is super overpriced for what is just pure excrement. ♥♥♥♥♥♥game, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,312530,17206239,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mumra,"Why oh why do developers charge so much for average games on Steam?If this game were £5 or less I could recommend it. It's a fun distraction, and it supports multiplayer on a single keyboard, which is sadly rare these days. The weapons and maps are creative and innovative.However you have only to look at the screenshots and videos to see this is just a silly shoot-fest with ducks, it is not a deep game or produced to an extremely high standard of quality or writing, and it is basically just multiplayer. The singleplayer mode is just a series of challenges that are there to get practice for multiplayer arenas. The controls feel really awkward, there is apparently no help or tutorial (no idea how the grappling hook is supposed to work), the UI is awful, it is possible to rebind keys so that they conflict with other keys, and there are no AIs so you are entirely dependant on other people being online or having actual physical humans who can crowd around a keyboard with you. I had to wait about 10 mins for a match and that will only get worse over time.So certainly pick this up in a sale, but I am slightly tired of this Steam Sale Culture which seems to justify overcharging for games just so that people will actually pay the proper price during sale time."
76561198060124321,Not Recommended,312530,20067444,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,whats this,the so-called 1 GB RAM is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥truns at 1fpsreally looked forward to playing this and then i get this laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥-1337/10
76561197964165419,Not Recommended,312530,16331406,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zethril,"Keyboard player here.I tried this game for more then an hour and had a TERRIBLE experience. Even after rebinding the controls they felt clunky and odd for how fast paced this game is. Makes me wonder if its not meant for keyboards at all because out of the VERY FEW mulitple player games I could find I was utterly slaughtered by controller players. (Only they can pitch their quack, that is how you tell.)After the hour I simply uninstalled and returned it. Maybe this just isn't my game but as someone who LOVES Smash Brothers this seemed like an obvious buy to make. But the controls just didn't seemed to match the game or fairly balanced to a controller."
76561198260748933,Not Recommended,312530,30132957,Posted: 23 February,all,anormalperson.csgolive.com,"""IF U WANT TO SNORT COCAINE GO AHEAD. THIS IS WORST THEN COCAINE. YOU WILL RUIN UR WHOLE LIFE ON THIS $HITTYGAME. ITS WORSE THEN TEAM FORTRESS AND KABOOM COMBINED. ONLY FAT, A$$, WHITE, 20 YEAR OLDS PLAY THIS GAME and A FEW MEXICANS""-DONALD J. TRUMP1 yes=defense to pewds"
,Not Recommended,312530,34839876,Posted: 9 September,all,DanielfromSL,bad game
,Not Recommended,312530,16406703,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zombocom,Game will not launch. No support for this issue or solution put out yet.
76561197961315113,Not Recommended,312530,18773283,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Iskai,Default control scheme is bizarre and hard to locate how to reconfigure. Gameplay is boring and engineered to be unfairly hard because that's fashionable now.
,Not Recommended,312530,17217736,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,STFMAN,"It's nothing but a fast motion game that kills you with all that speed in it.1 minute is not enough time for breaking all glasses in the office.You have to play 3 games in a 1 spesific arcade machine to open up a new one.You will mostly get bronze, or likely fail.With this speed, it will kill your hands, or one hand.You could've get a refund over this game.Not even the mention the multiplayer, 4 players should really do it since that if there was more that would be a cluster♥♥♥♥.Never expected that this game could be good.But it's honorabley bad."
,Not Recommended,312530,17857468,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SEND BOB,"No online for meKinda sucks because this had the ability to be so much fun. Whenever I try to play online, I can never find a game, even after hours of searching. On top of that the single player is pretty boring, so it was essentially a wasted purchase."
,Not Recommended,312530,16491888,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,InfamouslyAlex,"Bought this overpriced game and I can't even play it. It prompts me to press the Esc key and i'm sitting here pounding it and it doesn't do anything at all, i'm basically just stuck on the start-up screen without ear-numbingly loud music."
,Not Recommended,312530,17501902,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,✪w1z,"The controls are incredibaly difficult coming from an fps player, why i don't recommend is that there's no clear way to change the control settings, would've been fun sadly,not."
76561198072047012,Not Recommended,312530,16831059,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BlakLite,"This uncreatively titled piece strives to create a multiplayer-focused experience full of nonsensical, fast-paced lunacy. In my opinion, it doesn't do a very good job at it.Those who follow the work of TotalBiscuit may have heard him call it a cross between Super Smash Bros. and WarioWare. The meat of the game is found in four-player free-for-all deathmatches that consist of lightning-quick rounds that dump players in different stages and task them with finding armaments and fighting to be the last one standing before jumping into the next round. The WarioWare comparison is meant to illustrate how each round forces players to figure out what to do extremely quickly or promptly get killed by their opponents. While some may enjoy this aspect, I personally did not. Getting killed because I had yet to figure out what was happening, how the weapons and items worked, or which of the similarly-proportioned pixellated avians represented my character feels cheap, like I didn't have a chance to do anything. On top of that, it meant each round ended before I had a chance to enjoy what each of the maps had to offer.The presentation doesn't help the experience much. Sure, players can equip hats to help their characters stand out a bit more, but the quick movement speed, identical body proportions, pixelly art style, and frequently zoomed-out camera all make it very difficult to keep track of you and your opponents. Furthermore, the pixels also make it hard to tell what kind of weapon or item is being picked up. Is this a rapid-fire handgun or a slow-loading flintlock I just picked up? Oh, and the weapons' audio cues are nearly indistinguishable, compunded by the horribly bit-crushed sound design. Guns make the same sound effect when they need to be reloaded as they do when they have no ammo left and must be discarded. The end result is a game that struggles to properly convey feedback to the player about what is going on at any given time.The controls are lacking as well. Character movement speed is extremely fast, and the sudden acceleration to top speed makes it all too easy to miss a jump or walk off a ledge; not helpful in a game with 2-D platforming. Combine the twitchy positioning with an apparently unresponsive ""pick up"" function, and the seemingly simple task of picking up a weapon becomes a consistent annoyance. It's especially annoying since, as was mentioned earlier, players start each round unarmed and must pick up a weapon.There's also a solo mode that consists of timed challenges meant to acquire unlocks and master the game's mechanics. It's not very good either. Possibly the biggest reason why is that it betrays the intended experience of random improvised insanity with challenges that require repetitous practice and finding a single optimal approach. It also suffers from Angry Birds Syndrome, whereby simply beating a level isn't enough to unlock new stages; you have to repeat beaten stages and win enough silver/gold medals to gain access to new levels.This game did not impress me. I found its design shallow, repetitive, and needlessly frustrating. Sure, one could make the argument that this game is meant to be played with friends, but I find that to be a poor excuse. Skinny dipping in a septic tank can be fun if done with friends. Besides, why would I go to the troube of persuading my friends to buy it when I can persuade them to buy games that all of us will enjoy both alone and with each other? It might be worth picking up for a couple of dollars, but otherwise, Duck Game can duck right off."
,Not Recommended,312530,16492326,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Threase,The people that play this game have the best internet in the world!
,Not Recommended,312530,26442458,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✀,I'm a woman
,Not Recommended,312530,17320157,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,quals,Joke game for jokers.
,Not Recommended,312530,17362064,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,IQ2300,"It resets my controls, the multiplayer is bad because it changes my controls so that they are impossible to change or play with, the singleplayer is super hard, and there is nothing else fun about it."
,Not Recommended,312530,19734695,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sev ☁,c:
,Not Recommended,312530,17241464,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Jason Voorhees,"the game gets very repetitive at this point in time, maybe theyll add more maps, or more weapons or something in the future, but right now the game is fun for a few moments, but then you end up raging because you cant do quack♥♥♥♥♥♥Dwarven Brawl Bros is better, check that out."
76561198082682757,Not Recommended,312530,18533665,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lucy Heartfilia,This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and a waste of money.
76561198052610661,Not Recommended,312530,18484310,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,jokkmokks-jokke,I refunded this game... I have no frendz... That's why i refund man. I cri now every dey in bed.
,Not Recommended,312530,16733081,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BlueSpruce,This game ruined my life due to its addictive and fun nature
76561198024975130,Not Recommended,312530,16296793,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,"Initially I liked it, but after spending a little more time on it I have come to see it's flaws.Terrible terrible single player and some very scetchy game mechanics and almost impossible targets.Multiplayer is fun, so is not all bad, although playing against randoms lag is an issue as in many games I have been playing against people wilth +200 ping, so I don't think the matchmaker actually sorts by best connection or location, just sticks randoms together.So yes, it is a decent game although I thin most people wouldn't even bother to play through the single player and just jump in to multiplayer.  But at the price point I cannot recommend it.BTW, don't bother giving me your 'opinion' or review of my review.  Make your own review, any comments will be deleted.  thank you for not being a pest."
76561198136555825,Not Recommended,312530,19730543,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DeaD VombaT,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥suck monkey small♥♥♥♥♥♥dick,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о короч ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ое кто не понял.кто играет тот ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о!создатель,соси ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ собаки)KURWAA!ОТ СОЗДАТЕЛЕЙ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Ы47"
,Not Recommended,312530,17822079,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,CaptainCake,"BLAH BLAH BLAH IT SUCKED I HATE IT, YOU DIE AND DIE AND DIE. ""ALL YOU NEED IS A CONTROLLER"" THEY SAID, WELL THAT ISNT THE TRUTH BECAUSE MY NAME IS JOHN CENA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198125933005,Not Recommended,312530,16785569,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mexican crystal meth dealer,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198019127562,Not Recommended,312530,19790170,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DaWangWei,2/10Absolute Trash:Garbage ControlsGarbage GameplayBad GraphicsBugsKidsAbsolute BoringNothing To DoNo Peoplethat pretty much sums up with garbage game
,Not Recommended,312530,16259556,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,bullno1,Can't find anyone online
76561198080348000,Not Recommended,312530,16265053,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Toucan Sam,This game gave me cancer... Hope all you fan gays love my review. Now to be honest it was bad because of poor movement and lack of custimization. That is along with the lack of a useful intro to the game to make you acustom with the game. But I think that the biggest flaw was the lack of right hand use as it only impliments the left hand and over uses it and requires the mashing of four different buttons at the same time to get an coherent structure to the game.
,Not Recommended,312530,16240270,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BOT Leeroy Jenkins,"the game is alright but does get boring soon. Couldnt find the online multiplayer feature so cant say nothing about it. Its not very local player friendly because they got confused to the mechanics. they did not want to play it after playing to 10 except for one guy. The game feels like its missing a whole lot more, hope more features get added but i dont reccomend this game at this price."
,Recommended,312530,19181453,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Spicer Is Unbreakable,"Honestly I only have one complaint; it doesn't have as much depth as say Smash or Brawlhalla, so it will get old much quicker than those games. I'd say it's still worth the cash."
,Recommended,312530,19170137,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cinipop,ITS DUCKS BEATING THE HELL OUT OF EACH OTHER!!!
76561198062764680,Recommended,312530,19172252,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Ruddy Duck,"Tons of fun, especially with friends. Totally wacky and over the top. Plus you can make custom hats if you know how to use photoshop!"
76561198139368131,Recommended,312530,18836191,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Stalins Succulent Spleen,A great little game that i have wasted countless of hours on.
,Recommended,312530,18940999,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Godot,9/11 would quack again!
76561198063800097,Recommended,312530,16829177,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,sephroth7,Quack
,Recommended,312530,19090364,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Beaurl,Stupid fun in the best way possible.
,Recommended,312530,19131163,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Calvin,Had To Much Fun With This Game!
76561198069673434,Recommended,312530,19123072,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,imadeofwax,Hands down the best 15$ I've ever spent. Everyone that I have ever played this with falls in love instantly. Stop thinking and buy it. Now
76561198052378807,Recommended,312530,19139967,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,League of Loling,"you know tf2 helped alot in me playing this game""stay carm and press E""ducks/swans"
76561197970281251,Recommended,312530,19139450,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,"Excellent game with lots of variety and quick rounds.  Everyone found it easy to pick up, and everyone won a few rounds.  A perfect couch multiplayer game."
76561198156111551,Recommended,312530,19138337,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,IIZeedII,This is hilarious and a fun game to play
,Recommended,312530,19138603,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,PolpredoX,"Ok People, Here's the thing :You arrived on this page, god knows how. Power of Steams suggestion, and the Holy Duck maybe.You're wondering : ""Should I buy this Game ?"". Seek no more fellow Duck-o-nado, the answer is ""Yes"".Yes you F*ckin should.Why ? Because this game is awesome. You wanna have fun online ? It's for you. You wanna have fun with your friends in a  all LOCAL mode ? It's For You ! You wanna have some fun with your real friends who are with you right now on the couch ONLINE ? GODDAMNIT IT's For You !The only things this game need is you.Tons of fun. And it's not even complete.Still not conviced ? In this game you can : Shoot duck. Grenade duck. Laser duck. Big time laser duck. Land mine duck. Put duck on fire at least in 5 different ways duck. Stoned duck. Slice duck. Teleport duck. Hammer duck. SHOTGUN duck, etcaetera.And of course... you cand Duck.SkillFunPowerGameBuy IiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitSee you there pal."
,Recommended,312530,19049336,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Axton,"The game is pretty fun, bought it to play with a friend and it is a good time consumer while in Q for other games. You can even get competitive and money match like we did, maybe you'll lose money like me. (:Good Indie Game. (:10/10 (indie game wise)"
,Recommended,312530,19050318,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Naga Ichima,"fun little timkiller, takes an hour or so to get used to the controlls to the point where you can rek ppl."
,Recommended,312530,19207710,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SaiyanNapoleon,"Who wouldn't ever want to slaughter each other as Super Saiyan Ducks? As the Steam Video says ""It's just ducks beating the hell out of each other.""ProsGreat soundtrackVery quick gameplayVery wide selection of weaponsMany hats (including my favorite, the Super Saiyan wig)You can be a duckIt takes place in 1984I love the graphic style!Supports both local and online multiplayerMaps can be made and edited in the game and posted to WorkshopsConsIt's a hard to learn game style due to how quick it isThe matchmaking isn't the best, it may be due to the amount of people playing it at once being low.I rate this game 9/10. It's not for everyone, but anyone who likes Super Smash Brothers should give this game a whirl."
76561198065688984,Recommended,312530,18860504,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Vyrewolf,"I must say, this game is really nice to have. You can log in and most likely join a match, and with how fast pace and ridiculous it is, you can wind up playing anywhere from a single game to 5-6 far too easily.The game isn't perfect. The menu in particular is a bit odd, as it isn't a traditional menu. You have to move the duck, a character, to different area on the screen to access the different ""menu"" options.If you are going to play, get a controller. I also have to compliment the music. It really fits. And don't forget to press the quack button."
,Recommended,312530,30343721,Posted: 5 March,all,Bad,"""Spec-quack-ular""- 10/10Fun, easy and quick to set up, tons of workshop content, perfect if you need a new co-op game."
76561198336152664,Recommended,312530,29480086,Posted: 25 January,all,magmalm91,"Simply one of the best retro-style games of all time. A bit too many good players online thou, that trolls the hell out of an ordinary player like me. Many rage-quitters and i think some people are using hacks."
76561197961160364,Recommended,312530,29526252,Posted: 27 January,all,securekill,This game is incredibly fun to play with friends on the couch. The kids love it too.
,Recommended,312530,29526747,Posted: 27 January,all,Shrublord426,"Awsome party game, its real frantic and funny with lots of variety."
76561198093301834,Recommended,312530,29524237,Posted: 27 January,all,DaPotatoMann,"It has ducks, im suprised its not more popular"
,Recommended,312530,29539309,Posted: 28 January,all,FluffyQuack,"Great competitive platformer/shooter for up to 4 players. Custom level support adds a ton of variety to the game. Also includes a challenge-style singleplayer mode, but multiplayer is the reason to get the game.If you ever get on your hands on the drumset, make sure to mash every button on your controller (or keyboard). You'll make beautiful music and your opponents will thank you for it."
,Recommended,312530,29539885,Posted: 28 January,all,CedKilleur,I only played a few hours and it was so much fun !This game is just hilarious !
76561198074034964,Recommended,312530,16206089,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,A Duckling,How the hell did i manage to lose over 60 hours on this game.
76561198173406114,Recommended,312530,29558756,Posted: 28 January,all,Drifter,I love this game in every way! Enough said.
,Recommended,312530,29569068,Posted: 29 January,all,Nappa,Really fun couch game. Music is great. Recaps are great. Just.....great.
,Recommended,312530,29522854,Posted: 27 January,all,Rontal,best game to play with ur friends :)
,Recommended,312530,29554030,Posted: 28 January,all,WaaS_HT,is good game
,Recommended,312530,29547266,Posted: 28 January,all,Dakarun,"Duck Game is the game that keeps on giving. The amount of joy I've experience with this game both locally and online is immeasurable. It's a fast paced party game with more depth than you'll initially expect, and for the price you really can't go wrong. Controller recommended."
,Recommended,312530,16984604,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LordofDrago,"This is one of the best party games of all time.  Fast action gameplay with friends and the random and funny♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens makes for an enjoyable experience.  Of cource, if you don't understand the Duck Game you will not like the Duck Game.  And that makes you one sad person to be with if you can't enjoy this game."
76561198106327367,Recommended,312530,16985114,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,McLogan,Buy...this....game!!! All i have to say.Quack
,Recommended,312530,16986376,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,KING,Awesome game.Needs more people to play multiplayer. BUY IT
,Recommended,312530,16986734,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Xero-XRG,"I've always wanted to be a duck, and kill my duck friends for televised sporting action.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT03Hzs6n0Y600 thumbs up"
,Recommended,312530,16987390,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,GerthQuake,"11/10 would ♥♥♥♥ again, this game is gr8000 if ur thinkin about buying it, as Shia Labeouf said "" Do it, just do it!"""
,Recommended,312530,16992481,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Raymond Tracer,"It is fun, unless you suck."
,Recommended,312530,17001868,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Drinky Drinky Dat,"I love this type of game style. Addicting and fun, great time waster to play solo arcade or with friends/randoms multiplayer.Definitely worth the money spent, definitely going to play from time to time."
,Recommended,312530,19359274,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Syhah'nyth,"If I'd reviewed duck game back in julyish (when I origonally picked it up), I would have said it's an amazing game but even with online multiplayer it could get old.But it's not july anymore, and we have tons of very well implemented workshop content, custom hats, custom map stuff, all of that crap. And frankly that brings duck game to a whole new level of quacktacular face-paced awesomeness.Only downside is the suprisingly steep learning curve when it comes it pullling off the more tricking things (using recoil to propell youself up walls, sword stuff, 180 flicks that let you aim downwards, ect."
,Recommended,312530,19355307,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BAJARYMI,100% Worth It. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,19356317,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zelotus,This game could only be better if it had a Duck button.
,Recommended,312530,19446945,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mini B,IMAGINE IF YOU WENT TO A DUCK POND ON ACID10/10
,Recommended,312530,19432874,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Death Hood,Waiting for games is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but hosted with friend is super fun and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its even better with custom maps since some change  the whole concept of fighting and oh god with mods its ♥♥♥♥ing chaos ( giant banana duck killed  John cena duck with fart gun ) But it's really funds
76561198043041432,Recommended,312530,19371693,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lijou,Better hats than in Team Fortress 210/10 *quack*
,Recommended,312530,19404270,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RUFU5,Great game to play long distance with family or friends. Wish it had in game voice support though.
,Recommended,312530,19260631,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheMLGStove -TPF-,"I don't find the arcade mode all that great. But multiplayer made this the best money I've ever spent so far on steam. Very exiting very fast paced. A good game if your bored, you have friends, or both!"
,Recommended,312530,19261984,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Shut up noob !,Канешно игра прикоьная но есть минус- баги которые ещё не убралино это понятно так как игра ещё летом вышла и сейчас про неё мало кто знает+ну веселая игрушкахоть и смысл только в том что надо убивать других и побеждатьсоревновательная можно так сказать
,Recommended,312530,19458882,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Amuseph,Great game. I think it adds a lot of value if you play with friends over VOIP as you can share in the silliness
,Recommended,312530,19490905,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tornado Kirby,Q U A C K
76561197980393629,Recommended,312530,19514149,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BlackGazebo,"Neat little game - very fast-paced once you get into the game, not a whole lot to learn, you can quickly master the controls and become a twitch master.Having said that, the online matchmaking leaves a lot to be desired.  You'll often get into a room only to find there's one dude who is either AFK or purposely delaying the game.  Then you're stuck.You're going to have a much better time playing with friends who have the same mods than trying to find vanilla matches and failing repeatedly."
,Recommended,312530,19365132,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jellyberg,The second best game I have ever played.Online is great fun.Local multiplayer is better than sex.
76561198042306294,Recommended,312530,19723175,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ALiiii,Good
76561198042999409,Recommended,312530,19751871,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,OneYearCritique 💯😂👌,"Get some friends, play some couch co-op, and you will easily have one of the funnest times you've ever had playing videogames."
,Recommended,312530,19510509,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,thiccy,quackuack
,Recommended,312530,19622085,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ŁƐІҒ,its like duck game but with guns
,Recommended,312530,19595859,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fusha,"An incredible little multi-player gun platformer with a surprising amount of complexity in it. For example, who would have thought that a jetpack could not only lift you up, but let you slide along the floor as well?Very fast-paced, an endless amount of maps, a lot of variety in weapons, unlockable challenges in arcade mode -- pure fun. Would strongly recommend to anyone who likes quick, fast-paces pvp games. You also get to quack a lot."
,Recommended,312530,30656240,Posted: 21 March,all,Dollique,You need:- Couch- Steam Link- Enough Controllers- Friends- This GameJUST DO IT! Quack!
,Recommended,312530,19791223,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,WFLCT | The 28th Wafful,Whoever has the controller wins.10/10 has a button to quack
,Recommended,312530,18080144,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ChrisTheHero,THERE IS A BUTTON DEDICATED TO QUACKING...BUY IT!!!*quack*
,Recommended,312530,18079476,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Boiled Toilet Water,"Duck Game is hands down the best game I've played in years. Its a simple concept:1) Play as a duck2) Pick up guns3) ???????4) ProfitThe controls make sense, the game is balanced, and the stock level designs are fantastic."
,Recommended,312530,18153974,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,deynar,quack.
,Recommended,312530,17769575,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,S32,Quack10/10 Game Of The Year
76561198086516505,Recommended,312530,17675540,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,lt_ritson,Awesome with a few mates. Laugh a minute action. One of my favourite local multi players.
76561197963406247,Recommended,312530,17678760,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Merlyn,"Absolutely brilliant to play local co-op with your friends and a few beers. You'll be screaming, shouting and laughing hysterically within minutes."
76561197960860806,Recommended,312530,17764969,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,afatghan,quack.wav
76561198160152456,Recommended,312530,17667030,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Samuel L. Jackson,The most fun and addicting game ever!
,Recommended,312530,17034538,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Flanf,One of the most fun games I ever played!
,Recommended,312530,17002982,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Andy,:V wheck
,Recommended,312530,17004402,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dumbleburn,This game is so fun it has ruined my social life. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys fast action combat platforming games. I think there are still some areas that can be improved in the game but overall outstanding work!GET DUCK GAME!!!!!!!!!! :D
76561198019048221,Recommended,312530,17005092,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Trashley,Quackquackquackquackquackquackquackquackquackquack
76561198092627455,Recommended,312530,16741711,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,@jamcrou,"figured out how to quack in different tones(`)</10, would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,17341432,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dokurai,"This game is simply Quacktastic.  Shoot, Jump, Slide, and Quack your way to victory."
76561198067665710,Recommended,312530,17345467,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,foodpoisoning2,Like to quack? Then get this game. NOW!
,Recommended,312530,17349464,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,TattooDad92,i liek the quacking button
,Recommended,312530,16975420,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,🎃spoop👻,Want to ruin friendships? Want to get really salty? Want to make yourself want to commit suicide? Then buy Duck Game today for the price of £9.99! DISCLAIMER: Duck Game is not reasponsible for any ruined friendships or deaths.
76561197983807710,Recommended,312530,17354208,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,picklefactory,"10 PRINT ""QUACK ""20 GOTO 10RUNQUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK"
,Recommended,312530,17359875,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bone Hurting Juice,"fun, easy to learn, awesome short little rounds and tons of laughs 10000000000/10"
,Recommended,312530,17361273,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,A Harmless Box,"Love the game, it's a fun, fast paced, easy-to-learn-impossible-to-master piece that has heaps of fun, creative weapons. The duck customization is limited, but that shouldn't be a focus. It's fun to play single player as much as it is multiplayer and have recommended it to all of my friends. The only down side is a random and severe drop in frame rate that renders the game pretty much unplayable, but it's solved with closing and opening the game.Overall, 8.1/10"
76561198134858116,Recommended,312530,17247495,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sloppy Bot [AU],great gamequack it
,Recommended,312530,17258586,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Taddy Mason,Quack.
76561198146819177,Recommended,312530,17215303,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,is this da ps4,10/10 IGN skyrim with ducks
76561198031532032,Recommended,312530,17279966,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ashtiel |T.C.B|,Quack. that is all.
,Recommended,312530,17322206,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,HunterJH,This game is amazing its addicting and never gets old.  Also they just added mods which is AMAZING!!!!!!
76561198026055531,Recommended,312530,17328623,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RandomCrueltyGenerator,Feck yes. Everyone get it. Funniest multiplayer game I know of.
,Recommended,312530,17332579,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ecto,OH MY GOD ITS SO GOOD
,Recommended,312530,17155850,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Jekoinquiloinks,"DUCK GAME<NEW REVIEW>I have thought about the game and have given it another chance.>PROS-The game is incredibly fun with tons of levels, customization and weapons.-Endless amount of fun if you have friends that have Duck Game.-Online play for people who might not have friends that own Duck Game. Solid online gameplay.-Fun singleplayer which guides you through some gameplay mechanics that will help you learn the game.>CONS-Online games can be hard to find as the game does not have a big player base.-The game does need a bit more spice to it than just hat customizations.Store page for the game:http://store.steampowered.com<OLD REVIEW>The game is great and all but it needs something more to spice it up a little bit.If you want the full game experience then get some of your friends to quack around, because this game is nothing without some friend action.overall, pretty amazing game 9.5/10EDIT:Game refunded 6/10"
76561198098394888,Recommended,312530,17226095,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Salar,This is deffinatley my favorite indie gameon ssteam. Its a multiplayer verses game that is fast and fun. Best part is that your a duck and there is a button to make a quack sound
,Recommended,312530,17226261,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Marcus Brody,"one day, indy and i were on an adventure in the tropics when suddenly we came across an ancient temple. it was about the size of a trailer. we broke open the door to this temple and stepped inside only to find a map of hundreds and hundreds of rooms. we stepped up to one of the doors and broke that open. inside were a bunch of ducks quacking and playing music on a trombone, saxophone, and drums. we left and went to another room where another group of ducks were shooting at each other with nets and throwing each other off of cliffs. along the way, sadly, our guide was converted into a duck by a book. RIP guide. all of the ducks were wearing different hats and one of them was wearing a car and another was wearing a hamburger.i'm glad that someone has also unearthed this temple and has made a game in order to tell people about the horrors of the ducks.buy this game to relive the experience.10/10"
76561197960747630,Recommended,312530,17227343,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Chip,L O L! fun game!
76561198079071671,Recommended,312530,17366633,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kritzstatus,Good Game
,Recommended,312530,17376394,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Donald Turnip with the assist!,SO FUN!
76561197974693893,Recommended,312530,16297469,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SexualPanda[APG],Imagine playing a real time Worms and youre part way there.
,Recommended,312530,16297520,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Edesto,"A game about Ducks killing each other with Chainsaws, flare guns, swords, sub machine guns and many more deadly objects. And there is a dedicated button  to ""Quack""! What more do you want!? Get Ducking Ready To Rumble!"
,Recommended,312530,16297971,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Gurt,This game promised ducks. I got ducks. 10/10 one of the most fun games ive played in a long time
76561198045457528,Recommended,312530,16297985,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Poisoneggplant9,"Any game with a ""quack"" button and good gameplay is worth the $12"
,Recommended,312530,16298421,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jakeom12,"Its like Super Smash bros, but more lethal.Also, Ducks in Hats."
76561197996384636,Recommended,312530,16296232,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Der-Kleine,Quack.QuaQuaQuaQuaQuack.
,Recommended,312530,16301163,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,get them puppy,quack
,Recommended,312530,16301696,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,soel,"I still havent play much, but its a decent game! gave me some good laughs! i would recommend! If you have nothing to do, just want to kill other ducks !!?! this is the game!! I honestly didnt think much of this game till i have try it xD you can use a controller, well it has full controller support!Pros: Fun, funny, fair 4pvp or team!! and good amount of players online, que time is short 1min well for me anyways!Con: yet to see a problem or issue with the game."
76561198105928328,Recommended,312530,16302549,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,I Hate Summer,"It f*cking sucks and is confusing, don't buy duck c*nt."
,Recommended,312530,16299978,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ez mid,"This game might seem silly, and it is. But underneath that is a core of adrendaline pumping, frantic, tactical and technical gameplay."
,Recommended,312530,16289082,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Piss-off Play,"Duck Game - It's quackin' funWhat is Duck Game?Duck Game is an indie, pixelated action fighting game where you play as a duck and battle against other players or CPUs who are also ducks. The game has 8-bit, 2D graphics and retro 80s and 90s video game music to instill that classic arcard vibe. The controls are simple and easy to learn and the game also has full controller support for those who want to play on something other than their keyboard. The gameplay is fast-paced and very addictive, sending you into a quick clash against enemy ducks using a large variety of weapons; including guns, explosives, melee weapons, wearable armor, and powerups. You can customize your duck too with unlockable hats. The singleplayer has a storymode and multiplayer can be co-op with a player close to home and/or sends you online to brawl against up to 4 other players on over 50 different premade levels. Not only is their the large amount of already premade levels, there's also a level editor so yuo can enjoy making your own complex arenas. And most importantly, there's a button on your keyboard or controller you can press to make your duck ""quack.""The only criticisms I have is that you can't really change your color of duck in multiplayer, it just sets a color for you and there is no simple unarmed hit function (you can only attack with weapons).This is a game worth buying and I'll give it a 4/5.Highly addictive and totally thrilling.Quack quack."
76561198081585657,Recommended,312530,16345681,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Share Cookie,"Online multiplayer was really good. Fast-paced action with very little down-time between the action. Even better when you have a bunch of friends all playing and screaming at the same time. Wishing I had the foresight to buy the 4-pack now, but still, no complaints here."
76561198224120988,Recommended,312530,16346453,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Derpinitout,One of the best games i've ever played adult swim and steam really made a good job on this game 100% worth its price.10/10 i had no problems no lag awesome game play and easy to learn. I would recommend it to anyone.☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺
,Recommended,312530,16347159,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[PUG] xthorgoldx,"Duck Game is Duck Game.You live, die, live again, then prompty die again in a whirlwind of bullets, flying swords, and fire in what is perhaps one of the most fun, pure distillations of multiplayer shenanigans you're likely to ever run across. It's quick, it's brutal; there's an equal element of player skill and luck-of-the-game; there's serious competition and then there's the Jazz Band level.Duck Game is Duc Game, and Duck Game is a friggin' must-have."
,Recommended,312530,16352435,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Adz,You can quack
,Recommended,312530,16570646,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Methaddict420,Good Game
,Recommended,312530,16570647,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GreatBlakes,"This game is hilarious. I'm still pretty terrible, but this is another good example of a great party game. The controls take a little getting used to, but the fun is immeasurable. The BattleBlock Theater style heads are funny and the weapons are hilarious."
,Recommended,312530,16573085,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jonesy,"Spelunky multiplayer with a mess of RNG, along a community of haters, kek-ing lowlifes and generally awful people from the internet....I'm home."
,Recommended,312530,16319051,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,William Shakesman,No wait seriously don't skip this because it seems lol randumb. It's a raucous fun arena battler where everyone dies in one hit and you all grab for various guns and attempt to goad each other into making mistakes or quack wildly while charging them to try to get a shot off before they do.Plus it has very good online play which puts it FAR ahead of Towerfall and Samurai Gunn.
,Recommended,312530,16273354,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Moose the Stampede,insta favourite! Mental good fun
,Recommended,312530,17528769,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,♥DR_LaZer♥,QuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuakQuak
,Recommended,312530,16429665,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bhop bob,A fun action game with unique mechanics. A must buy for any arcade game lover.
,Recommended,312530,17391209,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Reign,quack
76561198075961221,Recommended,312530,17392294,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,theindoorpug,WHAT THE HELL IS WHITH NO ONE BEING ONLINE???
,Recommended,312530,17570090,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,zelemir,"Great Game, with friends or multiplayer.As expected of an Indiegame though, its online community dies really fastIt also has a very fun singleplayer although in a very different kind then the muliplayerOnly recommended if you would like the singleplayer or if you can get friends to play it with"
,Recommended,312530,17573450,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Conker,"holy duckballs this game blows me away. pick it up, thrash away."
,Recommended,312530,17574879,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Serianni,nnnffff
,Recommended,312530,17577828,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Cyrbiros(Shadowolfz),Some of the most fun i have had on the couch and  online with friends! Competitive and hysterical. Worth every penny.Don't play alone.
,Recommended,312530,17578242,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,nobs,"Good game, super addicting, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198059901369,Recommended,312530,17578418,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kurokama,I'm spending more time creating hats and levels then playing... AND I LOVE THAT ABOUT THIS GAME!  10/10 would MS Paint again.
76561198162380017,Recommended,312530,17625401,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,PooJayTeeHee,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack
76561198091416273,Recommended,312530,17593580,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Aspartame Daddy,"Due to the lack of local multiplayer games recently, Duck game is an excellent example as to why local multiplayer games are still in demand and can be fun. I would highly reccomend this game, here is why:- Ducks in hats are shooting ducks in hats, if that is not enough reasoning then I don't know what else will motivate you to buy this game- Fast paced action, matches can be ended in a matter of seconds- Great variety of weapons, all of which can kill other ducks in many ways- up to 4 players local multiplayer and online multiplayer is also an option when you have no friends over- workshop support, meaning community maps- designated quack buttonOverall this game is best played with friends locally, however the online is decent to. If you are on the fence wait till it goes on sale, it is great fun to be had."
,Recommended,312530,17605251,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Bertrand P. Douchington,The most realistic 3D first person shooter since Duckhunt.12/10 would set myself on fire while using a mine to blow up the guy in the sombrero again.
76561198065311910,Recommended,312530,17606490,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Thesouluniverse,"fun,simple game that anyone can enjoy :D !! it's rather addicting"
76561198013544782,Recommended,312530,17612204,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rome_Speardancer,I threw a grenade and it disarmed someone and I killed them with their own gun.10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,312530,17621897,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,AkkaNation,"10/10, Would Quack again."
76561198058150129,Recommended,312530,17513948,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Demon Headphone Actor,9/10 would quack again.
76561197988955948,Recommended,312530,17579206,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tr3nTG188o~ {GtZ}~,"Won a game while on fire, floating to my death. Will play again 10/10"
76561198020401901,Recommended,312530,17591312,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,G.I.Jew,"8.8/8, would quack again."
,Recommended,312530,17917619,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,bluespacedog,Only fun on multiplayer: the game isnt fun on single player because it gets extremely boring on singleplayer campaign
,Recommended,312530,16245765,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Johnny Leyenda,"Pure addictive, quacking fun. If you ever forget that videogames are fun, play this for a few minutes and you'll remember.Honestly. Though there's still a competitive element involved, luck will play a factor in deciding who wins.Every weapon and item has its use, be it for offense, defense, or simply mobility.As far as game content goes, there's tons of maps and weapons, items and customization items.My biggest gripes with it are that -currently- player base is quite low (I couldn't find a match) and that you can't play with bots so unless you have 3 other friends (or the player base grows, which is likely to happen very soon) the challenges are gonna drive you nuts. They're hard and leave little room for error. Otherwise I can't recommend it enough. Worth every cent and then some more."
,Recommended,312530,16246351,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BONESNRUB,"Duck Game is an absolute delight. The game is hilarious and filled with a surprising amount of depth. It's easy to pick up and play a few quick rounds, the controls are tight, and the netplay works great. The game stays entertaining by balancing frantic, visceral competition with hysterically chaotic mechanics. Duck Game is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,312530,16249491,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[UBER] TheLordOfEvil,"Incredibly fun arcade styled game. Mix of Smash Bros, WarioWare and Hotline Miami."
76561198020705733,Recommended,312530,16250006,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Wizard's Sleeve,"A somewhat deceiving game. At first, you may hop into the somewhat lacklustre arcade mode and quickly dismiss it. You may hop into the multiplayer, not have a clue what's happening, and completely dismiss it. But stick with it and you'll realise that Duck Game is a real surprise package. It's a ridiculously fun, fast-paced and highly competetive muliplayer experience which at first seems overly frantic and random but actually rewards skillful play. Give it a shot, it's one of the most enjoyable games in a long time."
,Recommended,312530,16235803,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Thrillho★﻿ＯＫ★,Surprisingly deep game that's a complete blast to play.
76561198105223693,Recommended,312530,16236063,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,(RED),not enough quack7.5/10?
,Recommended,312530,16236206,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pea,"get friends and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥out. Literally!Somebody help, it stink in here, now."
,Recommended,312530,16237310,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[VI]Wrathius,Madness in pixelaed 2D form.Brilliant!
,Recommended,312530,16258858,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Antezz,I played the drums and got burnt by a flamethrower by another duck11/10 would do this again.
76561198082530607,Recommended,312530,16259193,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jjhjjh234thesecond,This game is frustratingly brilliant! I haven't had so much fun in a long time with a game but it's just great. Only problem is the community isn't massive but i could not recommend a game more.Friendly community with a skill cap that feels worth while working towards. 11/10 amazing game.
76561198056914823,Recommended,312530,16259421,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,LASTDARKSIDER,"This game is ridiculously fun couch co-op or online.  If you play with friends get ready for people to get angry though, I can see this game ending friendships!  Game is accessible enough for new people to play but the gameplay will keep you coming back for more."
76561198040391296,Recommended,312530,16260919,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,WaywardFinn,"A very simple arena shooter game, where you and up to three others attempt to be the last man standing. Alot of small design choices here that keep the game interesting and fun, even if youre losing. A deceptively brilliant game and one that feels purposed for fun and only fun. Im gonna go play some more of this."
,Recommended,312530,16261161,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ZwiftTalon,Pretty fun game when its not crashing i dont know if its my computer or they need to fix itother than that had ton of fun defenetly worth 10 bucks to me
,Recommended,312530,16264241,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DethDonald,*Quack*
76561198034703686,Recommended,312530,16265104,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Major Payne,"This is one of the best party games you will ever come across.  You will laugh your friends will laugh,  you will blow their face off and you both will laugh while you constantly hit the quack button.  If you are looking for a game to add some variety to your game collection BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!"
,Recommended,312530,16265273,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,FunkySpengler,Ducks with hats and weapons. Nothing more to say. Grab some friends and get Ducked today.
,Recommended,312530,16265590,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheMinister,"The multiplayer for this is really fun, and makes me laugh, a lot."
,Recommended,312530,16265697,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,̝̬̩͓̯̠̪ͦ͒̀ͫ̚ ͦ͒ͦ͒̀̚̚a̯̠̪̍̍̍̍ ͦ̚̚,quack
,Recommended,312530,16741892,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Googis,this game sux
,Recommended,312530,16742440,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sgt.Spade,duck game is hard but in fair way and also the quackening
,Recommended,312530,17165018,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Garnish Yo,Purely addicting. You will get way more than $13 of entertainment
,Recommended,312530,17165982,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rulerofhobos,Get this game.
,Recommended,312530,17132377,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lolarn,wenk
76561198069235608,Recommended,312530,17131080,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,yottawattraiden,grate for for players if your board
76561198055518897,Recommended,312530,17135317,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Clap,Playing this game for a while and i like it. On the other hand if you either dont like ducks and or games do not get it.
76561198071747846,Recommended,312530,17143009,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Dolphinflavored,Don't do quack. Play this game.
76561198076292707,Recommended,312530,17117696,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Meme,10/10 can quack
76561198150617017,Recommended,312530,17121773,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,luck351 | csgoroll.com,♥♥♥♥ YEAHHHH
76561198127174739,Recommended,312530,17126893,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Adan the Cannibal,why
76561198157522067,Recommended,312530,16887796,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,KingJulianHD,"I really couldn't think of anything bad to say about this game other than that maybe it could use some more single player value/ content, but the multiplayer never gets old and I mean never."
,Recommended,312530,16890698,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Duraldo,"I feel I can recommend this to anyone who likes to have fun with other people. I'm not even into multiplayer games as much anymore, never had so much fun losing."
76561198042312630,Recommended,312530,17396711,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Loading...,"GOTY 2015!...No, I'm not kidding, this game is crazy amounts of laughter and fun, and that's what we play games for... no?"
76561198107690051,Recommended,312530,17403369,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dylanger14,BEST GAME EVER10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,17682048,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Daddy,u can quack  ( ‾ʖ̫‾) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° ) ᕦ( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° )ᕤ
,Recommended,312530,17718991,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,A Bad Username (I'm an idiot),d_ck vs. d_ck brutality dont think of it that way
,Recommended,312530,17726678,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ｗｏａｈ,That is the funniest game i have ever played i would recommend this to anybody who enjoy competitive game the only thing that i dont like is world are very limited but it doesn't matter IT IS STILL AWESOME
,Recommended,312530,17727208,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,DarceOrgasmu,This game is highly addictive and I will welcome more updates and maps :)
,Recommended,312530,17729760,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Funkonaut,"I live, I die. I LIVE AGAIN!"
,Recommended,312530,17721368,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Xenos,"If you're after a fun game for you and 3 friends, this fits the bill.Its truly the beak of platform deathmatch games.A quacking good time.Duck puns."
,Recommended,312530,17745800,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,program666,"Perfect party game.  Too bad the multiplayer obscures how the match making works.  I don't get why every game comes out this way nowadays, it would be worlds better to have a list of servers with pings and so on."
,Recommended,312530,16631190,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tapiocaphobe,There's a quack button.10/10 would spam quack again
76561198040138739,Recommended,312530,16632028,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RyanDCB,Actually just buy this game.
,Recommended,312530,16731777,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cindela,So much fu**ing fun
,Recommended,312530,16655633,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Liz,Best. Game. Ever.
76561198200242171,Recommended,312530,16657054,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,I'm Blue🌌,"Duck game is a fast moving and suprisingly competetive multiplayer game. It is fun to play with Steam friends or just play the arcade mode. On the other hand, it seems a little expensive for a pixel game and gets a boring after a while. Overall, it is a pretty fun game to play once in a while."
76561198005135437,Recommended,312530,16659694,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,randombanana,"The game plays fine and if everything worked i would definitely recommend it if you have friends that also got it. But when joining random games half of the time i can't even get into a multiplayer game. It finds like 5-8 games and can't connect to any of them. I remember this one time i wanted to play and i kept getting connected to this one game with only an afk host five times in a row before giving up.So basically, if you got friends that also got/plan to get it then go ahead and buy it. But if you're buying it expecting to play with random people prepare to be disappointed often."
,Recommended,312530,16696656,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,sushicatmaster,i love it its realy funny when you pick a duck up and sorta dance with it and if you have the ugleys hat on quack if you win a match. quack!
,Recommended,312530,16638307,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bimboroni,"As a guy fell of the edge of the map, he proceeded to grapple me and fling himself back onto the level and throw me off, but i had a jetpack so i flew back and blew him away with a grenade launcher. he flew off the other side.11/10 M80I reccomend to any MLG players who can hit 360 noscopes without an aimbot algorithm every time.[EDIT] And i was using a controller. and quacking the whole time."
,Recommended,312530,16699187,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RelentlesSoul,Quack of the Century
,Recommended,312530,16700223,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lil' Breezy,"At first glance of it's store page, DUCK GAME seems cheaply made and steep for the price - it is NOT.  It is immensely fun, actually competitive, and has a surprisingly large amount of depth.  Although immediately accessible to everyone, as you grow in skill you discover it's also highly nuanced and really rewards continued playing. I showed it to my teenage daughter - who isn't a gamer and quite literally rejects 95% of everything I say - and we play every night now. That by itself should tell you, it's worth every penny (of the already cheap price tag).I write this, because MORE people ought to play this game - and as word gets out, I suspect soon enough they will be.  You should be one of them.(quack)"
,Recommended,312530,16706737,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SirusTheMadDJ,"There isn't that much to this game, but what there is rocks fairly hard. Duck Game could be described as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child between Worms, WarioWare and an old 2d freeware shooter called Soldat. It's chaotic, it's daft to all hell and it's a brainless blast 'em up that's a joy to get wrecked at time and time again.And there's a god damn Quack Button."
76561198112850553,Recommended,312530,16709635,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,irrationalskeptic,"It will ruin all your friendships, and you won't care because you're having such an absurdly fun time"
,Recommended,312530,16701202,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Young Martha,Duck
,Recommended,312530,16710421,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,•cC• Cookie,"I'm really feeling it.Jokes aside, this is possibly the best online PC smash you're gonna get"
,Recommended,312530,16773788,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,fudgepucker69,Pros+There is a quack buttonCons-Considering that there is a quack button I don't think any cons really hold up.Quack.
,Recommended,312530,16774698,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,deluxeflame,"Really Fun, especially with friends on Skype, just don't let them camp.During the trophy screen we play duck in the middle with the trophy. If you have the trophy you throw it the other end and wait for it to be thrown back while the ducks in the middle try to catch it and take the outside position of the person who threw it.Just wish the trophy section lasted until the host proceeds instead of time."
76561197972370141,Recommended,312530,16776968,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lucreto,Quack. That is all
,Recommended,312530,16777577,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Colo,"Duck Game is kinda like a hyperkinetic arena-platformer-shooter. I don't know exactly what to describe it as, but it's ridiculously fun, fast, and exciting. Playing with friends is a force-multiplier of fun; you will be shouting profanities as your friend mind-controls you off a cliff, laughing when recoil kicks him off the map, and quacking BECAUSE THERE IS A BUTTON DEDICATED TO QUACKING.The game is pretty easy to learn, as far as the basics, and you can learn more advanced nuances, like firing at an angle by using magnum recoil, penetrating boxes using certain weapons, or blocking bullets using the sword-crouch. With a low skill floor and high skill ceiling, it's easy to pick up and makes for a challenging mastery.My biggest complaint would have to be the limited maps, but there is workshop support coming for sharing and using maps online. My second biggest is that there's no way to mute the text chatter.The game is an absolute blast to play with friends, and pretty good to play with randoms or alone in the arcade. I cannot possibly recommend this game enough if you have a group of 4 raring to go."
,Recommended,312530,16781549,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Green Eggs and Goin' HAM,"This mindless, yet tactical battle royale sort of game is just amazing. It can't be explain in words, only in quacks."
,Recommended,312530,16333293,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Steelbolas,Oh Duck Game.. How I love thee.. Let me count the ways:1) The gameplay is crazy fun. Controls like a dream.2) So many silly weapons and levels!3) The matches are fast and the silliest stuff can happen.4) You can do basically anything in this game that you want. Like quack.5) The music is ultra sweet.6) Works flawlessly.7) You don't mind losing because you probably lost in a very funny way.8) I play with a keyboard.9) Best played on Local Multiplayer. Online multiplayer doesn't support all the features yet.GOTY 2015
76561198059032190,Recommended,312530,16448951,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,its Nerf or somethin,Quack button 10\10
,Recommended,312530,16742053,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sleepy Owl,"Sees footage of the game ""Meh""Sees ducks quacking in game ""OMFG YES, TAKE MY MONEY"""
,Recommended,312530,17888453,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Classy Infant,Made a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hat killed other ducks with lasers 10/10 would duck again.
,Recommended,312530,17904437,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Chris P.  Bacon,Hoq to become a ProStep One: QuackStep Two: Quack QuackStep Three: Quack Quack Quack
76561198196096054,Recommended,312530,17910932,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Clockwork,''quack''
76561198110151008,Recommended,312530,17923310,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bunana Cabana,10/10 Duck of the Year. Terribadlly amazing.
,Recommended,312530,17922716,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Seasoned Wanderer,10 Quacks out of 10.
76561198087777794,Recommended,312530,16508458,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Captain Toast,Shut the duck up and buy it already
76561197970947082,Recommended,312530,16508699,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dEnouEmenT,Makes my friend rage.Dedicated quack button.Works well with a controller.Has single player challenges to unlock more stuff and teach you game mechanics.I have a giggling problem when playing online.The creator just announced on the forum they're planning on adding custom map support for online and steam workshop.Infinite replayability possible for online play.Lots of dead ducks.
,Recommended,312530,16508706,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[BIRB] JacobRocks100,Best Game Ever Made Ever
,Recommended,312530,16509258,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Someone,"When I first saw this on Steam, I thought it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥platformer with ducks. I could not have been further from the truth.What happens if you mash together crazy physics interactions, intense one-hit-kill sidescrolling combat, and dozens of excellently designed maps switching at a breakneck pace? You get Duck Game. This game is multiplayer crack.Here's how it works: you and three other ducks get dropped into an arena randomly selected out of a large list. You start with no weapons and have about one second to look over the map, see the various weapon pickups and formulate a plan. After that, it's go time, the fight usually lasts around 10-25 seconds, the last duck standing scores a point and off to the next map you go! Conditions are constantly changing: last map you were shooting eachother with sniper rifles across the map, now you're fighting with freezeguns above an instant death pit, and next time you'll all be racing to grab the minigun at the top platform, or locked in a tiny room where the only available weapon is grenades, or shooting through a series of connected portals, or...The combat is easy to learn but hard to master. There are only two buttons: pick up/throw and attack. What makes it interesting is the weapons. Each weapon has a place in this game, there are many tricks to using them and they all provide advantages and disadvantages. Pistols fire quick and precise, but quickly run out of ammo and can't be reloaded. Shotguns cover a large cone, but have limited range and have to be pumped after each shot (very easy to forget in the heat of battle!), magnets can steal enemy weapons, mind control ray has short range but lets you control your foe off a cliff, swords can be thrown. Grenades have a large kill radius, but you have to remember to pull the pin first (and then remember to throw it!). Even nerf guns can be useful, to push enemies off platforms and away from that one sniper rifle spawn... Every map has spawns for only certain kinds of weapons, ammo runs out quick, you have to be precise, fast and able to grab and use the first thing you come across to push back, block, disarm or kill your opponents.There's a high skill ceiling for hardcore players to reach, and plenty of whacky situations for the casual player to have a good laugh: all four players shot eachother within the first 3 seconds of the match? You accidentally dropped your sword on a spring and it killed everyone else? Last duck standing ran into his own mine before he could score? The guy with a rocket launcher chasing you slipped on a banana peel and fell off the edge of the map? That's Duck Game in a nutshell.Lightning-fast, competitive and laugh-out-loud funny, this game is a masterpiece.If there is one criticism I could give it, it's that the singleplayer is pretty boring. It mostly consists of timed obstacle and shooting courses, and doesn't hold a candle to the multiplayer. Luckily, there's plenty of multiplayer games going on, so what the hell are you waiting for?! You NEED this game in your life. NOW!P.S. I have only played this with an Xbox controller, I can't vouch that it plays well with kb&m."
76561198025903555,Recommended,312530,16510139,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[RSA] TheMelvinMan,QUACK!  That's all this is..... it's beautiful...
,Recommended,312530,16514369,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bitl,"BUY THIS GAME.It is fun, fast-paced, and well worth your money!There is also a quack button and hats.11/10."
76561197998109136,Recommended,312530,16611155,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Smurf,"Fun game if you play with your friends. Has a few questionable maps, but aside from those, the multiplayer is hilarious. And you can quack!"
,Recommended,312530,16611344,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LogicallySound,"Quack quack quack. Quack, quack quack quack quack. Quack quack!"
,Recommended,312530,16613235,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Scrussian,"Very simple, very fun, so fast that player fatigue doesn't have a chance to settle in. All the little inclusions it has make it all the more enjoyable, especially the designated quack button. More people need to get this game"
,Recommended,312530,16492528,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,comaunite,Epic!
,Recommended,312530,16494283,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Minibrox,"This game is so good, that I just quacked myself to death"
76561198067599700,Recommended,312530,16852632,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,President_Madman,"I got this game after a certain cyincal brit made a video about it. While this game is really fun and I enjoy it does have 2 major problems that I came across. 1) There a point in the online game that the entire level disappers, everything in it is gone yet audio still works, this happend three different times. 2) The game crushes for no reason, this happened about 2-3 times now. Other than that its a really fun game"
,Recommended,312530,16853690,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,giggles,"Every single time i play Duck Game, I..-Laugh so much my face hurts-Get some great plays, and feel impressed with myself-Meet some of the great people in the awesome community-Have an intense game which is fun, no matter who winsIf you like having a bad time, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,312530,16855382,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Posh Goth,"This game is a surprising amout of fun, and losing isn't even that bad. I love this game."
76561198060593783,Recommended,312530,16855973,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Italian Stallion,That moment you win a match with a rock.... duck game u quack me up!10/10
76561198045554909,Recommended,312530,16856623,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ramen™,"Ah Duck Game... dont we all need something that envolves ducks and explosions AT THE SAME TIME! Yes yes we do.This game is the most fun i had since i played the best like terraria,and garrys mod it always throwing the most random challenges at you each hour you play it is more interesting than the last."
76561198059145414,Recommended,312530,16281850,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cannonmaster,"This game. THIS GAME. Where do I start. I love this game. The retro pixelated graphics, the insane plethora of crazy weaponry, the amount of polish on all the mechanics and little details make this game something everyone should have in their game library. The rounds are fast, frantic and short, so even 40 rounds doesn't feel like a long time. The hilarious and bizarre weapons and equipment range from banana peels to trip your opponents, to muskets that take forever to reload, to a ray gun that lets you control your opponent's character and, say, walk it off the edge of the map. And don't even get me started on all the easter egg guns, like Halo's Spartan Laser, Earthworm Jim's SMG blaster, and so much more. And if you get bored of the levels, there's a level editor so you can make your own. BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!"
,Recommended,312530,16282126,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,S1gmus,"whether you have friends to play with or not, Duck Game is a pretty fun and chaotic game. However it's not without its problems. The level editor is the one main thing that I hope they improve greatly. Besides that, this game is pretty awesome and well worth the price!"
76561198119428867,Recommended,312530,16282756,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,*francis*just*a*man*,Multiplayer is really fun
,Recommended,312530,16282780,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,TFBsaintwayne1,this game is stupidley fun its simpel as hell but its just so much fun fast paced combat
,Recommended,312530,16284914,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dougal,It's like Super Smash Bros. but with ducks instead of Marios.
76561197998628033,Recommended,312530,16285145,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Incognegro,QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK.QUACK./10
,Recommended,312530,16285421,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,AverageDays,Great game! Worth buying! Love the multiplayer! The only flaw I noticed in the game is that once you set the controls on your controller incorrectly and make the cancel button the same as the edit button... There isn't anything you could do except reinstall the game. Other than that I WOULD give this game a 10/10.
,Recommended,312530,16285603,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DamoNikki,"Some Gameplay I did on my channel:https://youtu.be/82WIq5nweDYAnyway, this game is... Great. Really fast paced. Tons of fun. The randomly(ish) generated levels are never stale, the weapons are fun (filled with funny references too), and HATS! Nothing quite as funny as a duck with a TV for a head!And there is a quack button. Best Feature in the game.Seriously though, for the small asking price, it has SO MUCH replayability and is GREAT for parties. HIGHLY RECCOMENDED."
,Recommended,312530,18482509,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Dan Hunter,Literally the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,312530,18651244,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Farley Flavors,This game is frantic and hilarious - if you play with 4 people the chaos is extreme.  I would Recommend 10 / 10
76561198121828940,Recommended,312530,18642661,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Doctor Overdose,A very enjoyable multiplayer platformer that's hilarious and fun to play. There's also a button that's specifically to quack!! what could possibly be better than that?
,Recommended,312530,18644181,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Snarsages,"Holy quack!  This is what would happen if Soldat happened on the planet of the ducks.If you like 2D platformers or shooters, you'll probably dig this.  It's round-based deathmatch mayhem, but the rounds usually go quick so it's not too much of a drag if you're the first one out.  Maps cycle every round and most of them are cleverly designed.  There's also a map editor so you can make and share your own, as well as a bunch of maps and cosmetic mods you can get from the Steam Workshop.  I haven't played enough to know all of the weapons cold, but they're varied, balanced, and at this point are always a bit of a surprise.  Still laughing about my stupid quad laser kills from earlier.Would love to see more gametypes like CTF or King of the Hill, but the core gameplay is excellent.  There is also a single player challenge arcade for offline play or practice.  Really the only downside are the folks who disconnect when they're the host.  There's no migration, so everyone else gets dumped if they leave the match.  I've also heard about trolls who just run instead of fight to create a forever-match.  Haven't ran into that, but a simple 60 or 90-second timer would take care of these nerds.Bottom line, if you sunk any appreciable time into Soldat or think the idea of Super Smash Brothers with gun-toting ducks is p. cool, pick it up."
,Recommended,312530,18648617,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kolonna MAD TING,"Awesome fast-paced shooter, but the menu is so dumb."
76561198001914978,Recommended,312530,18648749,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AOTZ,"It's ""Quacktastic"". They pay a good homage to Genesis games."
,Recommended,312530,18628801,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Navern,Best game eu
76561198096083770,Recommended,312530,18629110,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,WeeabooGaming,An incredibly fun multiplayer PvP with a surprising amount of depth with cover and sword manuvering?And it has lightning fast rounds?And it will make me hate my friends?What's not to like??
,Recommended,312530,18630642,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Elektr1kz,"I saw this game one night being advertised on Adult Swim and I immedietely wanted to buy it. Months go by and I kind of forgot about it... Then it went on sale.........This is a game i've been looking for, for a very long time. I absolutely love Towerfall, but Duck Game takes the cake (mostly because of the online multiplayer.)Gameplay is top notch, and there are a TON of levels which helps keep the game interesting (not to mention weapons!)From musket (which has a realistic re-load time) to banana peels, you never know what you might use to kill those other damn fowl.Plus, you can quack. 11/10If you're thinking about getting it, or if you're on the fence, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this little gem. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,312530,18639222,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Catsdwa,Easily one of my favorite games to play with friends. The local co-op is great! I highly reccomend this game.
76561198209542749,Recommended,312530,17856425,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,John S.,A must have title.
76561197973490601,Recommended,312530,17868968,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mortin,sick game
,Recommended,312530,17867608,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Big Man 27,9/10 would Quack again
76561198005679555,Recommended,312530,17447799,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Potato Aim Alexx,"Only complaint is that I would love to bump up the round limit some more, otherwise a 10/10. Very fun game!"
76561198174179517,Recommended,312530,17872038,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tahlseth,Over excessive Quacking Over your friend's dead corpse/10
,Recommended,312530,18038085,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,MetalFace,it's ok
,Recommended,312530,18064078,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DOOMSDAY,10/10 will quack again
,Recommended,312530,18161623,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Speed Is Life,Get 4 people together and this game will have you shooting and laughing for hours on end.
,Recommended,312530,22717877,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,h0tstu55,"Played game, quacked.10/10 would play again."
76561197990436582,Recommended,312530,22538941,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Metabaron,Ducktaculous
76561198187304333,Recommended,312530,22551224,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kitkat,Whoever made this game should vape bleach. 10/10 would play again while drinking bleach
,Recommended,312530,22550792,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,UtuktuFX,Best. Game. EVER. c:
76561198190994477,Recommended,312530,22488107,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,JRMO,9/10Pros:-Fun to play with friends-The nevel editor is great-Challenging arcade challanges-Fluid controls-That music doCons:-Online matchmaking it takes TOO long
,Recommended,312530,20900371,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ksilisab,"FASTER THAN FAST, THIS GAME WILL DRIVE YOU INSANE. NETCODING IS GARBAGE!"
76561198068128511,Recommended,312530,20896604,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Despecto,Chainsaw sliding into somebody with a log on their head.
,Recommended,312530,20889106,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Rocko,"It's a PvP platform-shooter where you play as ducks.  There's a handy quack button in case you thought you were playing as some other bird.  One thing I like is that instead of arguing over what exact items and stages you're OK with, the game just plops you into a random stage with its own specific weapon set-up and goes ""deal with it.""  Since you only get 1 hit per round, and the stage changes each round, you don't have to play on maps you don't like for long.  There's a lot of variety to the built-in maps, with big shoot-outs as well as silly ""itty bitty room with a grenade"" stuff, and there's even a level editor with Workshop support.This is a great example of RNG done right in a PvP game.  The maps are generally designed so it's about adapting to whatever situation you find yourself in rather than outright luck.  There are a few maps that are more luck-based, but rounds in them tend to end quickly, so you can just laugh at whatever happens and go on with your life.  Even when it's a ""serious"" map, there's plenty of stuff you can do that's both useful and fun to do. Ever seen a duck slide under a magnum bullet fired by another duck, so that duck A can use a shotgun on duck B?  That's the kind of stuff you routinely do in this game.In conclusion, Duck Game shows that it's possible to make a game that can be silly and fun while still letting the skill of the players be main deciding factor of each match!"
,Recommended,312530,20889298,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,安末_FuturisticMelody,"Super addictive!! I've only played single player so far,but it's just so fun to play.I'm looking forward to play with my classmates.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,17560957,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,tiki torch wielding nazis,"Me and a guy with a minigun were the last ones alive. I picked up a pistol and we somehow killed eachother. It turns out that one of the people who had died faked their death, and won the round.9/11 won't get fooled again."
,Recommended,312530,20908585,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Auzzie Stig,quack
76561198064052444,Recommended,312530,20863101,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,brawlhalla smurf,i just threw a box at someone's head
,Not Recommended,312530,20864373,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Matt,too many ducks
76561198040338707,Recommended,312530,21096298,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Blue Screen,Literally the greatest fighting game that mankind has ever had the honor of playing. 10/10 Street Fighter 5 doesn't stand a chance.
76561198152573427,Recommended,312530,21095295,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[HUCCI] Keks,MOTHER DUCK
,Recommended,312530,21087101,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Etirps,This is a game where you roleplay as ducks.You can quack. You can pitch shift your quack. You can wear hats that can give you different quacks.
76561198107447301,Recommended,312530,21087435,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Hatty,Can't recommend enough! A lot of fun for such a simple game
76561198016468962,Recommended,312530,20912905,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Blazar,Quack quack quackquack. Quack quack quackquackquack quack QUACK quack.quackquackquackquack QUACKQUACKQUACK!quack. Quack quack!quackquackquackQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACK!
,Recommended,312530,20920326,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Murk OTR,its ight
76561198065679265,Recommended,312530,20925806,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,CRAZZY,kill me
,Recommended,312530,17962824,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Estyll,hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha so fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuUwxZUNuaA
76561198030609972,Recommended,312530,17945299,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Crazy Cunt,Quack Simulator 198410/10 Would Quack
,Recommended,312530,17943482,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,sliiCk,"I'm going to keep this review short and sweet.Duck game is awesome. It's such a simple game that provides hours of simple fun, especially with friends. Online is hit or miss. Sometimes it's really fun, others it's lacking, but it's usually pretty solid. What makes Duck Game really fun is the people that you play it with honestly.Buy it and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off with some friends. More importantly though, make 'em salty by humping their dead bodies and quacking after you win. Gets 'em every time."
,Recommended,312530,17933202,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Robin.,I got a hat for quacking 1000 times...10/10
,Recommended,312530,17556682,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,GameSquirrel,"This game, is Adult Swims BEST idea. EVER. They hadn't looked good with games before, THEY DEFINENTALLY REDEEMED THEMSELVES."
76561198081264372,Recommended,312530,17934521,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,5FivetoFive,Awesome Game It takes skill :)
76561198121715655,Recommended,312530,17936787,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,fenn,Ducks are violent
,Recommended,312530,17929686,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheInkvenger,There's a button dedicated to quacking.10/10 Best game about ducks ever
,Recommended,312530,18004560,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,bad meme,Ducks on Crack
76561198138119969,Recommended,312530,18007957,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PenguinX9,"HELP!! I love this game. It is super fun and a definate must-have for playing with friends whether in your living room or across the world. However, i'd been playing it for a while on my comp and it randomly stopped working. Now whenever I try to play the game, it will load into the start screen just fine but when I click into options or play online or local the game crashes. I've tried reseting my comp and reinstalling the game. I just can't make it work on this computer. It works on others just fine with my steam profile and all of my other games run fine; much lik this one used to. Don't know what happened. Please help"
76561198149417174,Recommended,312530,18001974,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Puffin,Duck Game is like Pizza.Pizza is amazing...could be a bit less money though
,Recommended,312530,17523337,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Trevidation,"fantastic game. its so fun, and it never gets boring. with the levels changing everytime a match is over and a winner is decided for the round, it changes things up and makes it exciting. It's hilarious to quack all the time and the hats make it even funnier. 10/10. The workshop and mods of this game are fantastic. You really can't go wrong with them. All that hat packs and weapon packs, as well as all the other cool levels you can download that people made, just make it incredible. I've made so many fun maps. XD buy this game., you won't ever be disappointed. Unless you got a thing against ducks, then maybe I should get john mallard's swanky♥♥♥♥♥to wing slap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you."
,Recommended,312530,18050711,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Muffin,"One of my favorite games on steam.but you must remember, USE A XBOX CONTROLLER, it's so much easier.Quack."
,Recommended,312530,17451043,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mr. 1-5,Local multiplayer as a duck. What can be better than quacking in your enemy's stupid duck face as you shoot them with a gigantic laser?
76561198101165676,Recommended,312530,17451944,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,alexweiss,Happy but very dissapointed...got this game on my pc and i love it but my pc tower isnt exactly mobile. Wish they would make a mac compatible version so i can play it on the go. Sad sad days.
,Recommended,312530,17453441,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,eustass,"Buy first, think later. Trust me, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,312530,19990242,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,||myg0t|| Bolo Bugaughtiichi,very fun. much secrets. lot lols.
,Recommended,312530,19960024,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Big Smoke,Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack QuackTranslation: this game is good
,Recommended,312530,19949700,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Crêpe,"Fox is too op, nerf waveshine pls."
,Recommended,312530,19946017,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,refusal,"TFW when you feel like your controlling the right person but your focused on the wrong person, wondering why your so good, realize your focusing on the wrong person and fall off of a cliff.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,19977880,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pixelbitdragon,This game is awesome! Quack!
76561198080383914,Recommended,312530,19974632,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,kærlighed,quack - 10/10
,Recommended,312530,19985879,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PeskyLittleBird,"I threw a grenade, and my opponent picked it up, before exploding violently.10/10"
,Recommended,312530,19857508,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dilbert,This game is more fun than living.
76561198143704505,Recommended,312530,19857592,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Joji_kun,"Lots of guns, Lots of hats , and ducks what more do you need ."
,Recommended,312530,19858930,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Loudmouth,It's a game about ducks. Naturally being a well known Monarch of Ducks I respect this game and the creators of it. I wish every game had a quacking button! Surely a stroke of genius! 420/10
,Recommended,312530,20239042,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,╠§╣Crypake╠§╣,10/10 QuacksWould Quack Again
,Recommended,312530,20237250,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TURBO犬,quack quack
76561198044140048,Recommended,312530,20336123,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,Quack.
76561198085769650,Recommended,312530,20337299,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PartyDude,Tryhards: The game11/10 - Needs more kids
,Recommended,312530,20332001,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The North Wind,0/10 not enough duckz
,Recommended,312530,20617963,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Pigeon,wackwackwackwackwack
,Recommended,312530,20551309,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,O'Rayan,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,20660535,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Stylo,"amazing multiplayer fun, great for the 30 year old in me who needs to squeeze the maximum amount of fun in the least amount of time"
76561198066244378,Recommended,312530,20269581,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Niang,There is a button dedicated to quacking... you will break that button10/10
76561198110019148,Recommended,312530,20650355,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,samssbmaster,Duck/10
,Recommended,312530,22465195,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Clown Meat,THIS GAME IS A MUST PLAY IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS! I have had some of the most funny moments of my life (yeah that's pretty sad) in this game. It never gets old and I always find myself loosing my♥♥♥♥♥♥whenever I play this game.PROS:Funniest Game I ownCustomizable hatsBalanced weaponsInteractive mapsLOTS OF BUGSCONS:Unable to change quack pitch with keyboard and mouseLOTS OF BUGS
76561197978414181,Recommended,312530,22466287,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,[AK]Faxman,"Without hyperbole, this is one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198280129215,Recommended,312530,22456314,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,emoznak0904,really cool game
76561197995240688,Recommended,312530,22248622,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jesusmann,Duck Game is always fun every time.
,Recommended,312530,22336212,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Redderz,This game is hilarious I could play it for hours once you get really quick at it and unlock all the caps and stuff it is juts the most funniest and enjoyable simple game I have played.Enough said.
,Recommended,312530,22326943,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WEEDMAN,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,22054232,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nesquik²,"This is a really fun and silly game. I have a blast playing this with friends. With the Steam Workshop, there are a bunch of maps to play for endless fun."
76561198070923996,Recommended,312530,22067837,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Cheeeeeeeeyop,"got this ame a while back and had a couple hours of fun, but now i know how to get custom hats and maps, endless fun"
76561198231074656,Recommended,312530,22015604,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TheOnePlayz,de iilumshdhahdb hgfs
76561198278764160,Recommended,312530,22018839,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,epikkai13,"Perfrect party game. Variety of DLC (almost all free) so you can add a twist at any given time whenever you would like, and community generated maps as well 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,22013074,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Maximilian,10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,22048331,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jacobplays4,its all its Quacked up to be
,Recommended,312530,22048389,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,✪ Nas,great game
76561198122673039,Recommended,312530,22053433,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,hwrdjacobs,Ducks.
,Recommended,312530,22442372,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good duck go౦ԁ dUck👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌duck right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good duck
,Recommended,312530,27551563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jigsawoogie,A fun party game. Workshop makes up for how difficult it is to unlock most other things in the challenger mode.Play It.
76561198006096690,Recommended,312530,27505165,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,=T$E= Twengar,"Great game, if you have a bunch of friends to play with this is a blast. Workshop mods add some flavour."
,Recommended,312530,23756416,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,King Bumi,"One of those games that is easy to pick up but extremly hard to master.A great example of this are keys: You can simply pick them up and use them on doors, but it takes some time to realize you can also throw them at a door to unlock them and free up your hand to grab a weapon instead. And another example is the sword: It's easy to understand that if you slashing people with it they will die. But then you will see someone throw a sword at you and you learn that throwing them is just as deadly. Then a little bit later you might notice that you can actually hold the sword down to use as a spear and stab infront of you with it. Ingame there are many more great examples of mechanics that have more dept that youDuck game is a great game for player who are looking for a game with a little bit of depth without that depth existing of min/maxing stats like in an RPG."
,Recommended,312530,27898237,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OpenAI (Bot),Awesome party game
,Recommended,312530,27911995,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kirby Iwaki,"Do you have 3 friends? Do you like to laugh with said friends? Do you like fast-paced action?If you answered yes to all these questions and still don't have this game, you can do better in your life."
76561197962822175,Recommended,312530,16278455,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Indie Shibe,"Just buy it and have some fun. Also the developer answers within a few hours to technical problems!Did I tell you to buy the game? Well, buy the game!"
76561198041361008,Recommended,312530,16278764,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Edzter,Get itGet it for your friendsGet it for your friends friendsGet it for your parentsGet it for your childrenGet it for your siblingsAnd quack togetherThis game is a frikking blast!
,Recommended,312530,16278925,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dr.Mr.PablosChickens,GET IT!
76561198129872352,Recommended,312530,16279447,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MaxBaldwin12 hellcase.com,"You can do so many different fun things in this game, these games are what I want to see more of,but this game will always be original and sooo much fun, QUACK"
,Recommended,312530,16421174,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Azakan,"Oh, yeah I should do a review.The game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks.Now back to Duck Game."
,Recommended,312530,16424098,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Krautwalderen!!,More of my friends need this game. Everyone need this game. It's essential. Quack Motherf***er.. Quack..
,Recommended,312530,16250646,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Firefly,"Truly 10/10 would buy againis worth far more than the price that the developers are asking for, incredibly enjoyable if you have a couple of friends to play with"
,Recommended,312530,16251733,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DeanTrivi,"The best indie game I've seen in a while. This game is cheap, and fun. You launch the game, click a few buttons, and within 2 minutes are enjoying some fast paced, laughter-inducing action that is along the lines of Broforce. Every single level is built around a specific mechanic, and that works very much to the game's advantage. Highly reccommended, but be warned: highly addictive (i.e. ONE MORE GAME, ONE MORE GAME!)."
,Recommended,312530,16252296,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,big brody,THIS GAME IS FUN AND IT HAS DUCKS AND GUNS
,Recommended,312530,16252496,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,LyricLy,"Awesome, fast paced game with lots of ducky action. The default controls are a little uncomfortable, however you can change them so it's not much of a problem. This game is really fun and I love it."
76561198043361012,Recommended,312530,16252641,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,StiM,10/10 Would Quack Again!
76561198116217026,Recommended,312530,16252751,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Spirit Balanceholder,"TLDR: Qwick qwack qwack qwuckwack qwokYea... I don't think there's anyone that doesn't want to say that after burning, shooting or exploding your oponents."
,Recommended,312530,16253004,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Usurper,"Quakers.If anyone ever asked, ""What if they mixed Hotline Miami's throwing mechanic with Smash Brothers and added ducks, what would you get?"" Here is your answer.Soundtrack sounds like a cross between Comix Zone, Sonic 2 and Mutant Mudds, Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,312530,16253131,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Osprey,"Multiplayer is amazingly fun for this game. It's fast paced and hilarious. Absolutely fun to play with friends. If you have friends to play with, and love quirky fast games, stop reading, and buy immediately. I recommend it immensely. Despite being an almost perfect arena game kinda thing, I do have one qualm with this game.Singleplayer is an atrocity. The levels are all medal levels. Getting bronze or silver is easy enough. Gold is difficult. Doesn't sound to bad, right? Well, the game gives you 2 arcade machines to play 3 levels on each. By completing these two, you unlock the third (chainsaw racing, which SUCKS). However, these are the only machines the game ""gives"" you. After that, you have to earn platinum medals, which aren't even listed, to unlock more. Singleplayer is unforgivingly hard. Thankfully, the godlike multiplayer makes up for it.In the end, this should be a multiplayer only game. Singleplayer wither shouldn't exist or be made more accessible. I love this game to bits because it's the ultimate arena game. I definitely recommend it and you should buy immediately.I 100% recommend buying this, IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY IT WITH."
,Recommended,312530,16253219,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Derpy Walrus,"For the past 5 minutes, I have been sitting here staring blankly at the screen. I honestly cannot think of any possible way to describe the game. The feelings of pure joy and hatred you get from playing this game is undescribable. The only way to understand is to play. Multiplayer platforming PvP shooters at it's best, and nothing will ever be able to beat it.(on a side note, this game is rly good)"
,Recommended,312530,16253570,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,>{RED}< Slubba,"Love this game. Got in to game right away and it worked and was a blast, can't wait to play with my friends."
,Recommended,312530,16253677,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,NotEaster,The book makes people evil
,Recommended,312530,16253875,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,extra medium,hell yeah
,Recommended,312530,16254605,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Frantic,"This game is absolutely brilliant. It has a huge amount of variety and is far more strategic than one might think. For the time I've put into it I've enjoyed it more than just about any other game this year for the hilarity if nothing else, and this game is hilarious. I've never played Towerfall, but this game reminds me a lot of the Worms games I loved so much as a kid and this game had me feeling like a kid again. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,312530,16254849,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,zeke0055,Duck Game Best Game.
76561198024690293,Recommended,312530,16630171,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Roqana,A very fun game. Great to kill some time if you are bored.
76561198061791933,Recommended,312530,17176027,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Simbi,"So much fun, defenitely worth buying!"
76561198024762848,Recommended,312530,17182979,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ThePixelMouse,This is the best local multiplayer PC game ever. Period.
,Recommended,312530,17990522,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,bloodjinn420,"Take Contra, replace the humans with some ducks, add PVP, some gadgets and a bunch of more weapons, and you get Duck Game. There are a few more elements here as well like challenge levels and a load of unlockable hats for your duck to wear. The game is a blast when playing with friends, but is still fun with randoms aswell."
,Recommended,312530,17990841,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,suv_drift,Too many quacksSo much boomChaos..... good 4 player game to blow some steam off after a long day at work.
76561198036096661,Recommended,312530,18002916,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,RynoStewie,"10/10, would quack again.  I've played this game with friends on several occasions, and each time we can't stop laughing while we play.  Fast paced hilarity insues each session, will not disappoint!"
76561198073892769,Recommended,312530,18026841,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Captain Qwark,"If you're thinking to yourself, ""wow this game is thirteen dollars I would never spend that much money on a game like this."" then you're a jackwagon.This game has absorbed more of my life than i'd like to admit.If you have one or more friends that you can convince to buy this game, you will never stop having fun with it.I have nearly hospitalized myself from laughing so hard.I mean for God's sake you play as a duck, and shoot other ducks, and quack. YOU QUACKI rest my case, if you don't take a measly thirteen dollars and throw it into Valve's face so you can play this game, you don't know what true happiness is.Quack motha♥♥♥♥as"
,Recommended,312530,17984119,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Olav Grey,"Duck Game is one of the few games that has made me literally laugh out loud during an online match when I die. The matches are face paced usually not lasting more than a minute, the controls are pretty tight and it's ducks!This is a super fun party game to play couch-verses with or even online! There's not much to say about this game aside from how it's incredibly fun. I highly recomend this, even if you dont' have people to do couch-verses with, the online community is fun and from what I've seen pretty active still.there's a heap of singleplayer challanges but again, the core of the game is it's online."
76561197995472532,Recommended,312530,18127634,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Gottagame 9000,This game will provide hours of fun for you & your friends.
,Recommended,312530,18138795,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Skytzo,Mr Blue Duck says this game is: QUACKTAAAAAASTIC!
,Recommended,312530,18146505,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,goodboygreg,This is the super smash bros of indie games. So much fun to play with friends and online.
,Recommended,312530,18155118,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mr. Zanderson,Glorious...
,Recommended,312530,16371835,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Roshar,Simply amazing :D QUACK QUACK QUACK
,Recommended,312530,16375163,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bb-k8,"Duck Game is probably the most fun that I've had in my life.It's fast and chaotic, and there's a fantastic level of detail in the game from the quacking animations to the deterioration of the environment when you shoot objects.It's a game that can't be missed.  There are tons of variety, and requires quick reflexes and smarts.  Even when you lose an online match, it's still fun."
,Recommended,312530,16362466,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nomnombacon,I was killed bye a rasted duck. 11/10
,Recommended,312530,16362994,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cyberboss,DUCKS. AWESOME. THATS REALLY ALL THERE IS TO SAY ON THE MATTER.
76561197977449874,Recommended,312530,16365361,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spaßbremse,This is amazing.
,Recommended,312530,16366912,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GammaPerfect,"Very fun to play, only complaint is of my own doing xD can't get the contros down lol. Great game though, very fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,312530,16304755,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Djento,"This game is one of the most enjoyable, fast paced, easy to learn but hard to master games ever. Everytime I die in this game I feel fine and just laugh about and when I do win a round i feel like I'm playing really well. This is an odd comparison to me usually playing CS:GO which when I die in that I rage and swear profusely. Just get this game it's unbeliviably enjoyable and fun (for its multiplayer). It's a game that much more can be added to the game but even with its limited content I can see myself losing hours in the game."
,Recommended,312530,16305025,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lövet,"If you have a few friends and Skype then this is hours of fun for a few $, and even if you don't have friends you could just go ""tryhard"", play with random people and chances are you'll have new friends by the end of the game. I admit the singleplayer isn't as enjoyable as the multiplayer, however, playing the singleplayer will beyond a doubt teach you some mechanics which will help you in the multiplayer and don't forget, the singleplayer will let you unlock new hats which will make you look even more awesome as you mash that quack-button!!"
76561198151144057,Recommended,312530,16402358,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LazerKats_FTW,"I'm in the process of requesting a refund for this game for 1 simple reason; it wont let me use the mouse as a form of control in control settings which makes it extremely difficult for me to play the game without a controller. But this game is still very well made and has potentail, if it had better controls."
,Recommended,312530,16402497,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,402 Payment Required,This game is pure awesomeness!It is such a joy to play.Best multiplayer in a looooong time!The game has tons of different weapons that all interact differently with the levels and the players.Such a blast to play!
,Recommended,312530,16404566,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VeAncyy.)),"it's a retro competitive game in 2015 starring ducks, what else do you need in your life? QUACK QUACK"
,Recommended,312530,16405172,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wild Wild West Man,Hands down the best couch co-op game I've played in the last few years.Single player has the challenge arcade and Online Matchmaking to kill time until your buddies come over to play some Duck Game.There are tons of little mechanics in the game. Here are some:- Pressing up + an action button next to a table flips it to block bullets- Guns on fire shoot on their own- The pitch of the Quack can be changed by pressing the left trigger on a controller10/10 Would quack again.
,Recommended,312530,16377296,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,crate fondler 6000,"Fantastic controls and great gameplay with a simple but detailed approach.Feels like quake for ducks but with incredible detail, there are so many different mechanics, throwable objects and physics that are consistent.Hilarious approach and great as a competitive couch game. The smash bros of shooters. Lots of customisation and a single player challenge that can be used to unlock items/mods.Still a bit that could be done to improve it, namely more multiplayer levels, ability to host with custom levels, match modifiers that dont break the netcode allowed on multiplayer... but the dev has already done a patch to change a few things so I would still buy it.Pros:Great controls that allow you to be very preciseFunny game MechanicsItems that have their own unique abilites and mechanicsFun items (Saxaphone, gun that mind controls another duck, rc car with C4, book that converts ducks to be you)fast pacedLevel editorCons (Not flaws, these could be fixed with dev updates):Online multiplayer needs to be improved to have the same or similar features to local multiplayerNot too big of a player base, usually takes around 5-10 mins to find a full server in AustraliaSmall level set and no custom level support for online"
,Recommended,312530,16380255,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,FFFFFFFFFFFF,"0/10, no explosive barrels.Every game has explosive barrels."
76561198041987243,Recommended,312530,16388923,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MUDD2247,"It's fun, it's fast paced, it's hectic, and it's crazy.  Skill does make a difference, although strategy and randomness (and the quick nature of the game) means it usually feels pretty balanced.  The weapons and stages are varied, and where the mechanics end the shear oddness of the game picks up (There is, after all, a dedicated quack button).What I like the most is the game is mostly meat.  You press start and within 30 second you can be in a full area fighting.  The transitions between stages can be so fast as to be easily missed and the game has already started again.  There is a brief stop after a few matches to show the scores, and then it's right back to the mayhem.  There is a single player challenge mode to train up certain skills (more an unobtrusive tutorial really) and to unlock new hats.  After the solid and consistent mechanics, the plain oddness of the game never stops being fun.  Again, a dedicated quack button, also a ragdoll button.  When ragdolled other players can pick you up, so you can pick up the dead bodies of your opponents and walk around with them.  Lots of hats and masks that pop off when you die, so you can also pick up and wear the heads of defeated ducks.  There are some levels with drum sets, others with old-timey muskets that reload in an old-timey way.  I don't know if I've seen a game with this much personality in a long time.I only have two major complaints.  I do love the condensed nature of the game, meaning you can have a fulfilling in about half a hour.  But the game is so hectic and intense that after 30 min it becomes a little jarring, forcing a break.  While it is mostly meat, it's also kind of one note.  I'm hoping some other game modes might get added eventually to mix up the play some.It's worth it at full price.Small disclaimer:  My hours played is misleading.  There is currently a glitch (about to be fixed) that doesn't close the game after quitting.  So thought I've played quite a lot, I haven't played that much."
,Recommended,312530,16429385,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Learning,Like skyrim with ducks quack/10 would review again. - IGN
,Recommended,312530,16429575,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wulf,this is a GREAT video game
,Recommended,312530,16430398,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dogginhammers,only bought the game because it was available in a 4 pack. My 3 sons and myself have a blast playing this!
,Recommended,312530,16410524,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,billy bob thorntan,all games could benefit from a custom-pitched quack button.
76561198201546686,Recommended,312530,16434733,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DontTreadOnMe,". I played this game for like 4o minutes and did horable. However, the game takes an hour to really get used to. Thisgame is loads of fun if your bad just camp. Ive won almost all my matches by locking myself in a corner. Seriosly though this game is fun and worth while. Duck game is a must buy and i reccomend the four pack so you can play for hours with friends."
76561198152716715,Recommended,312530,16435013,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,fumpa,arcade shooter that is only fun with friends. a game published by adult swim was most likely to fail but this surpassed expectations and was an artistic game with many pop culture refrenceses. overall humourous game to play with others
,Recommended,312530,16406193,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Greezy [Delta-3],-Starts game-Kills 2 ducks-Slips on banana peel and slides off map-Loses round10 /10Would trap friend in bubble and toss him off map again
,Recommended,312530,16407167,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kukka,WHY ARE YOU READING THIS!!! BUY IT!! BUY IT NOW!!
,Recommended,312530,16407851,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tomsantee,"Loved this game. Gameplay was tight, controls were easy to learn, and the multiplayer, as well as single player, was fantastic. The soundtrack is just ridiculous enough to make the whole thing pop. The game has a great vibe going for it."
76561198044743091,Recommended,312530,16408268,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fatcat,"Changed my pickup and fire buttons to the space key, now I can't change my profile and whenever I shoot I drop the gun.10/10"
76561198121121533,Recommended,312530,16411004,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tynk,"Maximised minimalism to the point of perfection.This game...just...called out to me.Well...it more quacked...but...that's a story for another time.You will find yourselflearning this new languagethat is part profanity,part neanderthal man,and part laughter.In this day and age,picking up a second language is a good idea.Let Duck Game help you.:)"
76561198091072028,Recommended,312530,16326022,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mikey Vengeance,Why you should buy this game:1. Ducks2. Lots of hats.3. An absurd amount of weaponry.4. You can quack.5. You can quack and blow the hell out of each other online.10 feathers out of a flamethrower quacker.
,Recommended,312530,16331144,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ananas,"+Buttons for quacking and feign death+Lots of fun items+Bullets and weapons deflect, guns shoot if they're thrown on a jump-pad, portals carry granades and bullets.+Sometimes you have to be careful or everyone gets killed and no one wins (reminds me a bit of Transformice)+You can never know how the match is going to end.+Extremely fast-paced and short rounds+Great custom themed levels (one with armor and swords, couple with portals, one with only few random items)+Tons of fun+/- The multiplayer setup is a bit cluncky but everything works+/- No tutorial, the use of many weapons can be learned from single-player campaign though+/- Xbox controller works fine, not so sure about KB+M-Laggy players can ruin the matches-Intermissions and some loading screens could be even shorter-Needs more maps and players!Rounds are short and the weapons/items are what makes this game fun, in addition to the ducks and quacking of course. There are jazz instruments you can play, a suicide gun, RC bomb car, the bible, mind control cap, a flower, bananas, roman candles and much more. Of course there are also your regular weapons such as revolvers, pistols, AK-47, sniper rifle, bazooka (with deforming terrain!), land mines, chainsaw, hammer etc.The multiplayer is the juice of the game, but there are single player missions too.If you like silly and fast-paced multiplayer brawl game just get this."
76561198039449024,Recommended,312530,16331256,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Taze,"this is the most fun game ever, i rate 10/10 ign"
,Recommended,312530,16323469,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mushroom,"Easily the most entertaining game I've played in a loooong time.Theres a skill ceiling to be achieved that only makes the game that much more enjoyable to play the better you get.Its quick, its fun, and it makes me smile every time.Simple yet incredibly focused in what it sets out to do and does it well.This game NEEDS more people online, its too good not to.Grab a drink ya dink, get the four pack and 3 lovely friends, get on teamspeak and have a ball.My only regret is that this isn't on Wii/Wii U and that I don't have 4 spare Xbox 360 pads around, otherwise I'd clean my house in preparation for having guests over a LOT more often.In short, buy the game and have 3 lovelies BYO controller, or get the 4pack.  This game is at its peak when played with friends and raised voices."
,Recommended,312530,16296796,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RoTaN,A very fun game to play with friends/family.  I didn't think my son and I would have as much as we did with this game but we had a blast.  My wife came down to yell at my son for yellling so loud.  Looking forward to more matches with him!
76561197983679431,Recommended,312530,27140169,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BrandNewStoner,10 QUACKS OUT OF 10
,Recommended,312530,27152435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,muchtoonice,The best game to waste time on with your friends when you should be working on a project.
,Recommended,312530,27160280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Timotei Desu,It's got ducks in it.
76561198119421708,Recommended,312530,27234377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hylianwhovian,"Do you have friends? Do you like having fun? If so, this is the game for you!"
76561198317008256,Recommended,312530,27202844,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zone Hammer,This game is absolutely insanely awesome you need this just get the game grab some friends and maybe some mods and your good to go but seriously this game rocks good controls guns mod support and the level editor is easy to use highly recommend 10/10
,Recommended,312530,27203942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OnlyMarlow,10/10 Best use of ducks since 1982.
,Recommended,312530,27204724,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lomztein,"I bought this game for playing with friends during gatherings, and I can safely say that this is one of my absolute favorite games to play on a couch. Only few come close, none with the amount of replayabílity as this."
,Recommended,312530,27262390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LamerMann,++Pros++- Play as a duck- Quack like a duck- Kill like a duck--Cons--- Destroys friendships
76561198081560030,Recommended,312530,27263402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NS713,Ducks and hats--need I say more?
,Recommended,312530,27263644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☯NarGamer☯,Cool game very great art and music i liked the workshop hats
,Recommended,312530,27263742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Loon Raccoon,"This is a game made best with friends. Also, there is a dedicated quack button as you may know, so buy this game."
,Recommended,312530,27263781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,llama,"The most fun you can possibly have with 4 players. If you have friends and they play regularly, DON'T THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING!The only flaw of this game is there isn't a lot of updates and online with others is a wasteland."
76561198309936753,Recommended,312530,27243845,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mangopotato,This game is just amazing.-It never gets boring-There are a lot of guns.Wat do you need more?
,Recommended,312530,27309730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Humancatpost,"This game is just pure, ridiculous fun. Fast paced, trigger happy, stupid deathmatch for you and four friends. Player's aren't bogged down by menus and cutscenes, 98% of the game is pure action."
,Recommended,312530,27335002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jo,Perfect stupid fun with friends especially for local multiplayer.
,Recommended,312530,27337209,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alfonzo the Russian,QUACK!
,Recommended,312530,27333185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaeler,MEMES and DUCKS.
,Recommended,312530,27242548,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Edwarrior,Great Fun to play with friendsalso the modding community is fantastic
,Recommended,312530,27330042,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thatPersian,"Hillarious 4 player arena game where you play as ducks and try and kill each other with outrageous guns and weapons.  Grab 3 friends and play this game!  You won't regret it.10 quacks out of 10--Nominated for ""Best Use of a Farm Animal Award"""
,Recommended,312530,27329592,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkZexi,Duck Game is one of those games that you always end up laughing and having the best time with your friends. I highly recomend this game specially if you have three other friends that might also have it.
76561198110439603,Recommended,312530,18672715,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,rexobeatmaster,this game is epic and soo much fun !
,Recommended,312530,18851167,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Reformed_Rex,Who knew ducks beating the heck out of each other would be so fun :pEspicially with friends XD
,Recommended,312530,18703957,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,¬Luster lx,Fun with friends and a few drinks.
,Recommended,312530,18755454,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Brohann Sebastian Bach,Quite possibly the greatest party game ever made... That is all I will say.11/10 would quack again
76561198050624218,Recommended,312530,18719818,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BillyBozarth,Very fun game! Fast paced action with a diversity of weapons to shoot other ducks with. Only downside I have noticed is lag issues online can give some one an unfair advantage but it is still fun. It is a great co op game split screen. Definitely would buy!
,Recommended,312530,18718036,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Capitán,M8 shoot ye friends or shoot other peps with ur friends or shoot ur friends friends or shoot other people that u dont know!Pros: EverythingCons: are stupid
,Recommended,312530,18711431,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Azazaz,Quack!
76561198154024597,Recommended,312530,18702383,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,_[SHIV]_,"Duck game is an amazing steam game about ducks. In this insanely quick 2D shooter about waterfowl, your worst enemy is your enemy. And, your second worst enemy is yourself. With grenades, bazookas, laser guns, and ricochet lasers, you'll die at your own hand more times than you can count. There's also some good weapons like: A hammer, a ray gun, an SMG, 4 types of shotgun, a sword, a chainsaw, a variety of lasers, a mini gun, and so, so, so, much more! And now, the inevitable pun about ducks. ""This game is all it's quacked up to be."" The maps are, amazing, and you can make one yourself. Hats enable you to be a bro duck, a duck duck, a men in black duck, and a human duck. And I can not stress how hilarious the net guns and quacking is. So get the duck up there and buy this.10/10 would quack again"
76561198009807515,Not Recommended,312530,18737065,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,I Eat Lettuce,"Stupid Game, Never play it. It was a total waste of money"
76561198080190698,Recommended,312530,18894122,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LVL. 86 FACK`N WIZARD GUY,"dis gam is gud, get it if you is not square, 68/68"
76561198014707483,Recommended,312530,18900331,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Moist Towelette,QuackquackquackquackquackquackQUACKQUACKQUACKquack
,Recommended,312530,19052507,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Microsoft Office Word,Quack Simulator 2015
,Recommended,312530,19052607,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,vipernate99,"Quack quack quackquack quackQuack quackquackquack f&@#Translation:Like Smash Bros, but way betterUp to 4 Players, 1 of them always Ducks the other ones, g ducking g.Various weapons to end the lives of your foul foes, blah blah blah.11/10 would recommendJust buy this ducking game already"
76561198113635587,Recommended,312530,17463396,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Fedora Tippin Good,I love it
,Recommended,312530,18965496,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,PersonaXIII,friggin awesome
76561198076436936,Recommended,312530,30455361,Posted: 11 March,all,Thor,*quack*
,Recommended,312530,23337369,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Nhty,Countless fun. Love it
76561198202299798,Recommended,312530,23320919,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DaveDave,love this game
76561198157284119,Recommended,312530,23274861,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Univ0ider,even though i suck at it i still love it the funny thing is that on a trip to chigocoi saw this avertisment on tv
76561198298831691,Recommended,312530,23291294,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ZeRo BoY,best game ever
,Recommended,312530,20197901,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FaZe Joey Salads,"This game is fun as long as you don't try too hard. It's not meant to be a competitive game. It's all one big meme. I've had friends play this before, and a few of them ragequit because they couldn't win the round. You know who you are.Seriously. Don't think too hard to be mechanical in playing. It just makes you, or the people around you angry. The harder you try, the less fun it is.That being said, I love this game for everything it's worth. I love the memes for sure. I love the quacking, which is arguably the most important part of the game. And I love the people. Everyone is hilarious with their custom hats and chat spams. Quack on my brothers."
,Recommended,312530,22048537,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Phsycho,I like it.
76561198156001813,Recommended,312530,23211684,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Uncle Chunkle,"You are a duck and you use various weapons and methods to kill other ducks to death.You can play it with your friends or online with people who know how to do things you never imagined. Extremely fun and though it is a ""party game"", it can get very competitive and has a very high skill ceiling. It is so many hours of fun for a low price.The rounds are very, very fast. When I get into a skype group with my friends, it gets very loud.There are many maps and hats that come with the game, but you can get more throught the endless mods that you can download (though you can play only with people with the same mod setup, so usually you can your friends arrange that). More guns, maps, hats, effects come in them. You can even make your own map in the game's creator mode, and, if you google it, you can download a setup that lets you create your own hat!Finally, it has a quack button. Every game should have a quack button.Get Duck Game."
,Recommended,312530,23207484,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Brave Conq,Amazing Game
76561198076147988,Recommended,312530,23206007,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mister W,great game
76561198294041110,Recommended,312530,22731048,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dark Steve,Good!!!!!!!! ill Give it 9.8/10 Stars
,Recommended,312530,23074032,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,El Fuego,8 ducks out of 10.
76561198271921903,Recommended,312530,23229306,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Tsunami,"Duck Game is a wacky shooter that is never short of hilarious. With friends, that is. By yourself, the game has little to offer in terms of enjoyment, but with a group of four, this game absolutely shines."
76561198047187069,Recommended,312530,23156561,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SiingP,"Absolutely fantastic multiplayer mayhem!It's a shame the game doesn't have bots, as they would help immensely in terms of the games longevity and experience. The difficulty in finding online matches is truly a shame, but when there's a full lobby it's one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played."
,Recommended,312530,23161602,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Pixel Guy,Good if you have some Friends
,Recommended,312530,23180473,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,frozen kids dont rot,its about ducksand its really good
,Recommended,312530,23176248,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Nuclear_fontra,One issue about this game is there is too much quacks and people need to play this more often.
,Recommended,312530,23412737,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,One Last Byte,"I picked this up after trying it during a ""try it for free for the weekend, and it's on sale"" period. It's a fantastic game for local play with your friends, whether it's just you and a pal, or a group of 4. If you are going to play locally, I'd recommend getting a transceiver that you can connect Xbox controllers to -- you can remap everything ingame so it makes playing it a lot easier. I haven't done much online or solo play so I can't speak to that. The gun selection is pretty wide and amusingly diverse, and the level editor, while a little clunky, has a lot of capabilities.Definitely up there as one of my favorite games to play locally with friends."
,Recommended,312530,23390057,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ت,quack
76561198142439289,Recommended,312530,23391852,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,WizardsPlayGames,BEST GAME FOR 4PLAYERS DEFINTENTLY WORTH THE $
,Recommended,312530,23529569,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Elth,I've had immense amounts of fun with this game. It's definitely worth a buy if you like fast-paced sidescrolling deathmatch games.
,Recommended,312530,16286512,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[McD] James,"Duck Game features excellent music, controls, humour, customization, and weapon variety. The single player experience is great, but the multiplayer component is nothing short of spectacular."
76561198096347412,Recommended,312530,19227794,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,"Butter Toast Over 9,000!",Amazing game to play when youre bored or have nothing to do. 10/10 would reccomend buying and fooling around.
,Recommended,312530,19248821,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,SinD,Nearly the best Multiplayer experience ever beaten only by Golden Eye.
,Recommended,312530,19248097,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ICuddle_BearZ,the fnest gae i have played.even though there is no one playing the four pack helped me o play with my friendsif you are looking for a fun quick game to play with tree others friends i would recomened this.
,Recommended,312530,19034997,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Luuklin ♥,"Steam displays less then 1/3 of my platime because most of it was local multiplayer without internet connection. It also has surprisingly much depth, I'm still descovering new techniques all the time. This game has the best local multiplayer I have ever seen in any game, ever. Plus, it runs on your toaster."
,Recommended,312530,26863285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bepis,"Insane PvP game,will bring you endless laughs with friends"
76561198267320362,Recommended,312530,26878122,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Isaac,Nominated.
,Recommended,312530,26878193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MitziTheGoat,Very funny and enjoyable game to play with friends.Has tons of mods too.Suggested ^~^
,Recommended,312530,26880011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheBlackField,You just need to play it
76561198093712822,Recommended,312530,26878967,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gary Sanderson,Quacktastic.
76561198140875507,Recommended,312530,26879190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LlamaFlarp,"Local multiplayer, quack, hats, and workshop support. Buy it now10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,312530,26969211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karl Toffel 💩,"Quack! Be a duck! Kill your friends, who are also ducks. Get killed by other ducks. Play music using the finest instruments in an adrenaline rush. Get killed playing said instrument. Hate your friends. Kill your friends. Quack even more."
,Recommended,312530,26831574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,terrman,Quack?
,Recommended,312530,26927840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bittle Bottle,Too fun. I find myself getting lost and playing for hours with my friends.
76561198006983251,Recommended,312530,26940172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Angus MacFarlane,This game is Quackers. Corkscrew Genitalia/10
76561198019971522,Recommended,312530,26968520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nows7,Quack.  Quack quack.  Quack.
,Recommended,312530,26930284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tej,gud game
,Recommended,312530,26932790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vesicularbus683,One of the best multiplayer games that I've played. Fast paced chaos.
,Recommended,312530,26928652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,marsupial,If you don't think Duck Game is the tightest♥♥♥♥♥♥then get out of my face
,Recommended,312530,26957893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McBurnsy,A fantastic online shooter that never has a dull moment.
76561198166478312,Recommended,312530,26952063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chefjones,Great game to play with 3 freinds and just mess around in 10/10
,Recommended,312530,26946545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZerofireXS,I hate ducks. They infest my neighborhood. But these ducks are rad. Buy this game!
,Recommended,312530,26953708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrSkeltalDootDoot,Best use of farm animals
,Recommended,312530,26954738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Starspark The Hound,"A silly premise, but in reality a true master piece of a game. Great attention to detail."
,Recommended,312530,26971197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mokkie,quack quack
,Recommended,312530,25731373,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zero Muffins,"THIS GAME SUCKS DUCK!just kidding, a quacking love this game"
76561198141082748,Recommended,312530,25732174,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Depressed Otter,noice
76561198161419165,Recommended,312530,25904552,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Meepy289,Fun with friends
,Recommended,312530,30886032,Posted: 1 April,all,mrsadface38,Gud game
76561198062525269,Recommended,312530,25892020,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Redmusic,It's fun.
,Recommended,312530,25812854,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bepis Man,Q U A C KIts good get it
,Recommended,312530,25862462,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Xenon Hexafluoroplatinate,Always press E when in doubt and you can never go wrong.
76561198065063991,Recommended,312530,25846683,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,P Word,One of my favorite games of all time. Super simple.
76561198177146022,Recommended,312530,26238009,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Trakker_Jack,"It needs a controller to play, but otherwise is a remarkably fun and entertaining game."
76561198179185658,Recommended,312530,26234083,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,saucy,is very nice yes
,Recommended,312530,26231144,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nimish,"I have some of the most laugh-out-loud fun, playing with friends and even strangers, out of any modern multiplayer game. It's just constant, fast-paced hilarity. It's our go-to funny multiplayer."
76561198071283732,Recommended,312530,26239613,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pomfles,10/10 would duck again
76561198044283160,Recommended,312530,26247862,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ripleysdude,A crazy experience that always seems to make everyone rage in joy.
76561198278487784,Recommended,312530,26209535,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jdeneui13,"Fun game! Make sure you have friends to play the game with! It is a fast paced game that kind of reminds me of the ""worms"" games. It is a humorous and great game overall. Worth the price too."
76561198212612265,Recommended,312530,30896127,Posted: 2 April,all,HotSkelittenGamer,This Game Is A Quack Case Play As  A Duck On His Way To Parkcore Wear Mask And Murder Fellow Duck Friends This Game Is Amazing
76561198055910148,Recommended,312530,26256662,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SidDaSloth,kills take skill and so much luck. The statistics say ive died 2000 times. 11/10
,Recommended,312530,25876024,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[TMDS]John_Stamos,iz a da good game.
,Recommended,312530,26077691,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ivan Drago,fanstastic... this a proof that gameplay is the biggest factor for the fun game. Even with ComModore 64 graphics. It's loads of fun when playing with friends. Only other game where I laughed so much was Gang Beasts. 10/10
76561198137857675,Recommended,312530,26157964,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,B K e n d e r,"it's pretty good, buy it."
,Recommended,312530,26181590,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MiLuKi,A cool game to play wiht your friends.I don't want to spoiler you but you are aDuckin this game.7/10
76561197994913950,Recommended,312530,26918329,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cao Cao,O< Quack
,Recommended,312530,26973779,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,<CC>< nstinson^,"It is a very simple, yet amazingly fun local multiplayer game. A blast with friends. ""Couch co-op"" at it's finest"
76561198048882082,Recommended,312530,26980119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robo169,"This game is awesome, grab four controllers and duke it out with your friends"
,Recommended,312530,26969464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dyon,Best game
,Recommended,312530,26969672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sushi,Ducks and guns
,Recommended,312530,27007286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HumdrumPanic,Quack!
76561198069464846,Recommended,312530,27005191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lynx_MacLeod,This game is an amazing party games. not to mention with mods and creating your own levels is fantastic. great game to buy the 4 pack of and play with buds
76561198007007543,Recommended,312530,26802281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DVP,"This game is absolutely brilliant, it's overtaken worms as the go to game to play online with my friends."
76561198043507988,Recommended,312530,26803042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hossdaboss,quek
,Recommended,312530,26770146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spicy,Man this game sucks. I picked up a gun and shot myself in the face.
,Recommended,312530,26774476,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Meow, I'm a cow",10/10
,Recommended,312530,24978804,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,linear214,"Unbelievably fun, whether you're playing online with friends, or locally by plugging in 4 controllers. The experiences you have in this game will fill you with joy, as well as pure hatred for your friends. Pick up that 4 pack and get quacking already."
76561198077945364,Recommended,312530,26837691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phisk,*quacks sandstorm by darude*
76561198124484576,Recommended,312530,27000009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kneel The Grass Tie Son,Most hillarious game i've ever played
,Recommended,312530,21306378,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,--madii..,hotline miami multiplayer with tf2 sillyness. a quacky shooter and fighter game :>
,Recommended,312530,27016671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aaro911,"One of the most fun party games I've ever played. The rounds are quick, the game is random... and you can quack as much as you want!"
,Recommended,312530,27016937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VoHiYo,hilarious
,Recommended,312530,27017202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Punk Guy Happy Guy,"Easily my favorite multiplayer game and the only game I've bought twice and been perfectly fine with buying twice. If you still haven't played this, pick it up and play it for an hour or two, and if you still aren't convinced you can return it. One of the few games I've played for more than 90 hours, and that's not counting the hours I put into the Ouya version that came out first. Yes, I bought an Ouya for this game, and it was worth it even though this was one of 5 good games on the system, and the only really good one."
,Recommended,312530,27083083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Danteh,"I really can't recommend this game enough. Whether it be online with random strangers, or modded to the brink of crashing while playing with friends, this game is guarenteed to make you laugh every time you play it. The rediculous shenanigans that go on make this game feel like a true video game."
76561198098805911,Recommended,312530,27862247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rammus,Best use of a farm animal
76561198162260424,Recommended,312530,21402982,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,daber005,"Tons of shenanigans with lots of online fun. Some parts are anoying, like random glitches and absurd physics, but overall this game is great."
,Not Recommended,312530,21679209,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dingonek,"There's too much going on.  Maps are pretty ambiguous at times - it's difficult to know what can be shot through and what can't.  Seems like it could have been fun, but the fact that what you do has little to no impact on the outcome of each round makes it pretty boring to me."
,Recommended,312530,21675947,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Obsidian War PJs,"Duck Game is that rare competitive gem where I have just as much fun losing as I do winning. It's hilarious and absurd and doesn't take itself seriously. It's a lot like TF2 in that respect, right down to the crazy number of hats available. There are some bugs, and it can certainly be challenging for new people to get into it when playing multiplayer against more experienced people. But in my opinion it's worth it because of the sheer amount of fun I've had--certainly more than any other game I've played on Steam.Controls are tight and responsive, right up there with 16 bit platformers like Mario, Megaman, or Sonic. You can see from the video clips above that the graphics and sounds are pretty solidly retro-inspired and fit the game well. Rounds are short, sometimes just a few seconds, There is, indeed, an irresponsible number of weapons, and their interactions with each other and with different setpieces lead to a lot of interesting gameplay. I'm a little more than 50 hours in and still learn something occasionally. The basics are easy to learn: pick up a weapon, aim it at a duck, hit the fire button. Yet all the interactions of the different mechanics make for a very high skill ceiling, and the vagaries of online play combined with all the different ways to kill a duck (or accidentally kill oneself!) lead to great replay value. Consider that a round lasting for a minute is a big deal, and there are people posting reviews with over a hundred hours in-game. That's alotof Duck Game.I feel I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the community, so far, has very few toxic people that I've seen. Sure, every game has its share of jerks, but I just don't see them very often in Duck Game. I think a lot of it has to do with just howfunthe game is, and how easy it is to laugh off a loss. Sure, winning is cool, but Duck Game is just so damn fun I don't care if I win.I have enjoyed my time with Duck Game more than I have any other game in many years. It is pure fun, pure joy."
76561198082048603,Recommended,312530,21694331,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Flaming Lizard,"Such a fun time, awesome with friends.I love pretty much everything about this game."
,Recommended,312530,21671028,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,♕ beRg,"Twitch reaction ducky fun, I'd recommend playing locally with friends"
,Recommended,312530,21721584,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SrCrunch,"Cuack ^ 1,000,000,000"
,Recommended,312530,21719617,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Monkeebread,one of teh best 2-d shooters out there its the appitamey of easy to learn hard to master ive got around 140 hours in it and im just finally utilizing strafing right now not many new players so itll be hard at first
76561198247791490,Recommended,312530,21793612,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TeknoDemon,TANOUTTADAN
,Recommended,312530,21793057,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Gallus Gallus Domesticus,"Good game but salty community, you should really work on report button to get rid of players that are real f*ckwads. But its still a good time waster game"
,Recommended,312530,18474436,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HARK,"★ The game overall is pretty solid and is guaranteed fun for everyone in all ages.★ You can  play this game for a while without getting bored, thanks to achievements / missions and not only online gaming.★Awesome musicThings that could be improved overtime is for example more weapons and expansions."
,Not Recommended,312530,21714245,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,versus.,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198035790078,Recommended,312530,21759829,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SweeTooth``,*Quack* This game is amazing.*Quack*
,Recommended,312530,21823099,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FLAK JACKET,great game and fun multiplayer
76561198142789084,Recommended,312530,21737079,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sunburn,Beautiful game. Can't say anything bad about it
,Recommended,312530,21749542,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mad FrEsC,QUACK
76561198097261730,Recommended,312530,21757814,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lobsterdoughnut,3:00 -ok time to play a little online3:30 - one more match4:00 april 9th 2020- what happened to my life?
,Recommended,312530,21758756,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lost Marbles,"I don't think I can recommend Duck Game enough. If you like platformers, competitive games, shooters, to laugh, or just something you can pick up and play for a few minutes, this is for you.Despite looking incredibly simple, there is a surprising amount of depth in the game. Weapons are unbalanced, but in a way that no one weapon completely trumps another. It's all about your situation and quick thinking. You got a laser that will bounce down hallways and demolish all below you, but you're completely exposed to attacks from above. A six shooter can shoot threw doors and blocks, but if you miss and fire again, you'll be shooting at an angle (which can be used for your advantage). Flamethrowers are a nightmare for your opponents, but just as dangerous to you. You could have the ultimate laser that fire a huge beam that fries everything in front of you, but while charging up, another player could run up to you and take you out with a single-shot pea shooter.You can play dead using the fumble button or use it to grab a ledge to make that extra little distance to make that little extra distance to make the jump.You can throw items at other players to make them drop whatever their holding. Are they holding a roman candle? Throw a pistol at them and watch as the fireworks fly out of your opponents hand and possibly light HIM on fire. Someone got a better weapon and charging at you? Throw a box at them before they can shoot and they'll be defenseless.And of course, there is the comedy. Good lord, I laugh so much while playing this game. Whether it's a player stepping on a mine he set himself, two players shooting each other at once, leaving the game with no victor (which happens A LOT), or if you celebrate your victory to early and then a gun in the middle of a fire heats up and misfires, killing you just milliseconds before you're awarded a victory. Even the little things make this game funny: The way that the ducks squak and quack when they're set on fire, when they're hit with an item thrown at them (and in those cases, sometimes it's bleeped like they said a swear, which gets a laugh out of me everytime), or how close shots cause feathers to fly off the duck.I love this game. It's very simple and easy to pick up, but gets very deep with how those simple controls and functions work, and half the joy is learning how to use them. (When holding a sword, run towards a player with a gun, hold the attack button, and press down to slide. Keep holding down the attack button and watch what happens. If only you could have seen my face when I found this out.)"
76561198148572587,Recommended,312530,21891938,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TrogdorTheBurninator,Pretty good except tryhards who take everything as an insult. 8/10.
,Recommended,312530,21881660,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,EgN| SomeOcto,fun to play with friends and ♥♥♥♥ around with the mods
76561198058724520,Recommended,312530,21904460,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,☆Meow u bitch☆,-Entered game-Quacked-got shot in face-left lobby-invited friend-killed friend-laughed my♥♥♥♥♥of-friend killed me-started screaming-died of screaming-fapped in heaven69/69 Would fap in heaven again
76561198141774109,Recommended,312530,16485506,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ROBLOX4LIF3,this game is an addicting funny game (with hats). it also has online mode and local mode but you no what would be great if there were bots
76561198027111082,Recommended,312530,16487855,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vulgar Desperado,Just pure fast fun. Awesome. Get it.
,Recommended,312530,16465135,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,the CLEAN father,GET THIS
,Recommended,312530,16471910,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bearded Loaf,i like the game
76561198078451041,Recommended,312530,16474979,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Blipblapjack,"Its fun.I cant really give any more info than that,I'm too busy playing.Please send bread and pondwater"
76561198166387969,Recommended,312530,16476434,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jay__,"This is one of the funniest, most well-made Steam games that I have ever experienced. It's the perfect combination of action-style combat and hilarious shenanigans! I would recommend this to anyone up for a good laugh!"
,Recommended,312530,16451481,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nach0king,"It's the multiplayer that really makes this game, either local or online. I don't understand why this isn't selling better than it is."
,Recommended,312530,16453330,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,csgoroll.com,It's a game about ducks.Where you kill other ducks with your duck skills.10/10
,Recommended,312530,16455881,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wombot,"Best quacking simulator out there.But seriously, this is hilarious fun; a great couch multiplay experience."
76561197970353050,Recommended,312530,16458166,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wolfera The Chacal,"Oh my God, Haven't had so much fun in years!!! Buy it 0 regrets trust me!!"
76561198203609164,Recommended,312530,16458808,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Umbrace_Titan,Slipped on a banana peel while carrying a dead duck and fell off the edge. 10/10
76561198132602053,Recommended,312530,16462113,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ItsDatGuyAgain,ducks killing each other in hats while quaking... 10/10
,Recommended,312530,16463821,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Boshi,"Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack Quack, Quack Quack.  Quack Quack Quack Quack."
,Recommended,312530,21059020,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,scavenger_type1984,Has a quack button. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,20696123,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Denden,Quack quack quack quack.
76561197993290648,Recommended,312530,20694026,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,sabotai,"art, humor and super tight controls in the best local multiplayer game ive played in years"
,Recommended,312530,18902575,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ernie,Super Smash Bros bye heres Duck Game and with ducks
76561197965326430,Recommended,312530,20715698,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SB|ThePrimitiveOne,"Killed two ducks with one shotgun shell and died from falling off the map because of the recoil, rendering the round a draw.10/10, would play again."
,Recommended,312530,20942359,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Mr. Omelette,"Best game on steam im not joking. This game has a very good and challenging SP which is more to hone your skills. It also features 2-4 coop and online mulitplayer. Here are some pros and cons I found in this game.Pros: In multiplayer you can mix random strangers and invited friends, just friends that want to join and even local players. This alows for great matches and great fun. This game is easy to learn, most people can become decent in just a couple of hours. WEAPONS, LOTS OF WEAPONS. GIFT BOXES THAT CAN GIVE YOU WEPONS/ITEMS HOORAY!! THere are various items such as shoes that allow you to goomba stomp ppl. you can crush ppl with rocks and such. YOUR DUCKS CAN WEAR IN-GAME HATS. YOU CAN MAKE YOUR OWN HATS There are also in-game mods that you unlock in SP, such as presents for winners meaing winners of a round get a giftbox the next round, also infinite ammo.Cons: The game could be a little cheaper do to lack of updates but is still at a fair price.You dont have this game"
,Recommended,312530,21041223,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Grapefruit7,clusterduck
76561198081960923,Recommended,312530,21116997,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mastermind454,FOKIN 11/8 GAME OF THE YEAR EVERY YEAR ONLY SLIGHTLY WORSE THAN SUPER MARIO BROTHERS 2
76561198093545858,Recommended,312530,21114065,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,wingy wang wong,funny meme
76561198097852896,Recommended,312530,21379750,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lemon King,"10/10 my favorite game of all time. I have played games such as skyrim, Assassins creed, and Metal Gear Solid V.  All of those games are child's play compared to this."
76561198099094612,Recommended,312530,21359151,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Papa bless,Its pretty good. Buy it. Buy it now.Papa aproves.
76561198139940176,Not Recommended,312530,21354482,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CookiEs,the game controls are terrible just setting up the game on a keyboard is pure autism i highly suggest getting a gallon of bleach to drown out the ♥♥♥♥ing autism. also for some reason you can only ♥♥♥♥ing select player 2 when you are using a keyboard plz ♥♥♥♥ing fix this peice of shieeeet.
,Not Recommended,312530,21355024,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ParadoxCookies csoffer.me,"I'm sick and tired of this game. It began fairly fun everyones better than you. But then, you want to start getting gameplay Modifyers. You do the first couple of mission and you think it's easy. That's until you get chancey's key or anthing near it it'll make you scream and shout, possibly break your computer. I have many hours on this game, and thats because half of  my hours is on the missions. I definitely do not reccomend this game."
,Recommended,312530,18243932,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Dragon,"The PC has never been the go-to console for multiplayer 2D fighting games, or a fun splitscreen game with friends. DUCK GAME tries, and succeeds in changing that. This is, essentialy, the PC's Super Smash Brothers.(The OUYA version was still good though)"
76561198256887815,Recommended,312530,21609746,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FatzoFizz,"AMAZING GAME, worth every penny."
76561198005126941,Recommended,312530,21597126,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,HEART!!,quenk
,Recommended,312530,21594360,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Orange Power Ranger,10/10 would quack again
,Recommended,312530,21591160,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,firgustus789,This game waaaaaay too fun. Best played with friends.
,Recommended,312530,21236956,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Skullbooper,Pros: yes.Cons: no.
,Recommended,312530,21238249,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,game duck,"its dumb and i love it. Also it has a high skill ceiling, believe it or not :P"
,Recommended,312530,21488721,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,A1Sauce,"Threaten to tell your mom everytime someone kills you.Butt if they threaten to tell their dad, then you're ""fried duck""btw, when playing the drums in-game press the buttons for:Shoot, Shoot, Up.and you'll get my joke even more."
,Recommended,312530,21517410,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,fcma,"I like the game, it is a great time waster, the solo gameplay (arcade) is awesome, I like trying to beat my previous scores. Lately I cannot seem to open this game anymore? It doesn't even load for me. I deleted options.dat, removed files, deleted my old saves, rebooted my pc, updated my windows, ran as admin, tried reinstalling, and rebooted again. Yet after all that I still cannot run this game anymore. I'll keep trying but I miss playing this game."
76561198093339322,Recommended,312530,21515648,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,madbomb45,best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,312530,21377852,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Grody Guy,this game is gud
,Recommended,312530,21515729,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kitty,YOU NEED TO GET THIS GAME
76561198042528128,Recommended,312530,21521628,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,GOLD MAN,The bes
76561198069091888,Recommended,312530,21303407,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DangerHeart,if u dont buy this game go duck yourself
,Recommended,312530,21289063,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Markntosh [War Eagle],"I'd seen bits and pieces of Duck Game thanks to Super Bunnyhop, and when I decided I wanted a party game this was the first thing that came to mind.Duck Game is a fantastic game worth every penny and more.  Duck Game's greatest strength is its simplicity: Put up to four characters in a room with a lot of variables and watch the wackiness ensue.  The best part about Duck Game is that its just as fun for amateurs as it is for skilled players.  There's just as much entertainment in the mistakes as there are in the successes.My only real gripe is that the highlight system seems to do a pretty poor job of picking actual highlights.  More than once have I finished a match, turned to my competitors and said in unison ""that'll make the highlight reel"" only for it never to show.  Its a nice touch, and one I still like, but ultimately doesn't add that much.If you're looking for fantastic couch multiplayer and party game, look no further."
,Recommended,312530,21293371,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,noppy_dev,A total blast when playing with friends.  I would ONLY suggest you buy this game if you're planning on having some friends over.
76561198016880604,Recommended,312530,21298275,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bambooooo,swaG
76561198117265267,Recommended,312530,21288166,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,JiveBob,Great game.  Too bad it seems to be a bit difficult to find online games.
,Recommended,312530,20586380,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Very Bad Table Manners,"Quack, best thing ever 11/10"
76561198074481609,Recommended,312530,21221340,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Duck,Press e to quack. MASTERPIECE 10/10 BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.
,Recommended,312530,21220594,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ZF_TerraGamer64,yes
76561198033932771,Recommended,312530,21231313,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ToasterKing,Overall fun game to play with frinds
76561198066750515,Recommended,312530,21217781,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,smol snek,It's ducking awesome
76561198061538536,Recommended,312530,21215243,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SPOL Gonala,Dying is the most fun part if this game. For the BabyRage guy like me this is just some real unique♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312530,20885692,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,sammyk118,It's great.Play it.
76561198123007385,Recommended,312530,20877931,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Millhouse,tira
,Recommended,312530,20755424,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Tenebrae,One of the best local multiplayer experiences on PC.
,Recommended,312530,20668055,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Yeet,"Quack.This game is probably one of my favorite games ever made. Most of you people wondering to buy the game think ""oh its just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that has a funny name for youtubers to play and to play once and never again"" Well you need to put some pants on and stop jerking off because this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The map creating system in this game is perfect the online has no lag (unless you have ♥♥♥♥ing charter internet those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and the game has so much replay ability. Unlocking the achievments is actually a challenge unlike some games that give you 10 achievments for starting up the game. This game rewards player for being good and they can kick♥♥♥♥♥  unless you're on some level that theres no weapons and you just have to wait for everybody to kill themselvs.Theres so many fun weapons in the game for you to learn how to use. Theres even a gun that will kill yourself if you pull the trigger to which ive killed myself over 100 times thinking its a real gun. All the guns in this game is balanced and theres no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that will automatically win you the round if you are lucky to spawn by it. But by far the best part about this game is the steam workshop capabilities you can have with this game. Theres already so many good mods and weapon packs you can download right off the steam workshop. Theres even a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mod where all the ducks have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I MEAN REALLY WHO DOESNT WANT THAT. Anyway i want people to think this review is funny so heres a little story.Install♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ModPlay with friendsFriend picks up swordCrams Sword up my♥♥♥♥♥Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game called duck gameSummary: Not a drunk buy game, AMAZING multiplayer and full steam workshop capabitly.9/11 WOULD QUACK A ♥♥♥♥EN GAIN"
,Recommended,312530,20668172,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[lego]F34R,"Very funPros:Fast gameplayInteract with enviornmentWeapon recoilChainsawsDedicated quack buttonCons:Unable to join a game once its started, you have to back out to the lobby to change slots"
,Recommended,312530,20739036,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Patrick the Starfish,yup
,Recommended,312530,20780243,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Spoofadoo,Definitely better with friends!Also you can Quack... : )
,Recommended,312530,20793154,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Good clean fun.
,Recommended,312530,20798418,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,TechnoSpirits,Quack.
76561198071063286,Not Recommended,312530,20793787,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,chocolateyeti,"They're actually geese, not ducks."
,Not Recommended,312530,20793848,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Phaydie,i was told that this was the duck dynasty game. i was told wrong.
76561198157401984,Recommended,312530,21244941,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,STX kickback.com,13 bucks well worth th hours of fun!
,Recommended,312530,21256198,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Little Jerry,Plays duck gameragdolls while quacking off cliff.'nuff said
,Recommended,312530,21268699,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Relic,"It's like Worms, but really fast paced and you get to constantly move around.10/10 Would wear rival's hat again."
76561198210057453,Recommended,312530,21275003,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,silverdemon,simply awesome game for local multiplayer! quack!
,Recommended,312530,21262527,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,✠ Thaemas ✠,I had a shotgun and my friend had a hammer... Lets just say real life doesnt apply to this game at all......
,Recommended,312530,21261985,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,golebiewsky,"Grab some friends, give them controllers and beers and you will have the time of your life."
76561198019291949,Recommended,312530,21036354,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Vandell,"Reaaaly fun game. Full of humour, ways of mocking your opponent. Really well made, including online. I couldn't notice any lag.Comes w/ lots of different weapons, different stages and hats.Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,312530,21037719,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,"Please Coach Me, DotA Babes!","It's like Smash Bros, but it's in 2D and you play as a duck. With a gun."
,Recommended,312530,25663154,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,"Hey, that's pretty gay",Nice game
76561197998825270,Recommended,312530,25763480,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Dorf,"I am a sucker for a good local multiplayer game. Local multiplayer is one of my favorite experiences in games growing up with a Nintendo 64 and playing titles like Mario Party, GoldenEye and Mario Kart 64. It's an experience that's been getting more and more rare in recent AAA games especially since the advent of the internet and online multiplayer. I'm happy to see that indies and other small studios have noticed this absense and have picked up the mantle of developing awesome local multiplayer experiences. Duck Game is one such title, although it also has an online component. It's an arena combat game much like Towerfall: Ascension, another game I really loved.Duck Game takes those short and fast rounds from Towerfall and makes them even faster. For those not familiar with Towerfall, Duck Game is a 2D arena combat game. Think Super Smash Bros, but all weapons are a one hit kill. Levels are small and weapons are deadly, so rounds go really fast. Often times you're not even done laughing about the crazy thing that happened in the previous round by the time the next round starts.Another way Duck Game distinguishes itself from other games of its ilk is through its wacky sense of humor. It's a game published by Adult Swim games and I can't think of a more fitting publisher for this game's sense of humor. I mean you're controlling Ducks shooting each other with automatic weapons. There is a button on the controller mapped to ""quack"". That's it. That's all it does is make a quacking noise. That's the type of wacky humor that is on display here.The soundtrack, which strongly channels the sounds of the Sega Genesis, is another highlight. Like its gameplay, the tracks are short but sweet and pack a lot of punch. My favorites are Synth Rock, Steelmill Sunset and Butt Spin. Great stuff if you like the iconic electronic buzz of the Genesis sound chip.If you're looking for an awesome and wacky time with some friends on the couch, you're looking for Duck Game. If you have no one to play with, it also features an online mode and a pretty fun single player challenge mode as well. Sometimes I just want to have a stupid and goofy time when I sit down to play a video game. And when I do, I'll be looking at Duck GameFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561198138503906,Recommended,312530,25735639,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Nawc[노크롱],its pretty fun but the online system has like no one so if you do not have friends dat own the game I suggest that u don't buy it unless u want to play the singleplayer version
,Recommended,312530,25715162,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,pyromilky,the game that ruins friendship 8.5/10
,Recommended,312530,25024757,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,bird,the best indie game on steam. period. quack.
76561198280634745,Recommended,312530,25824924,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Ender Venturer,This is one of the best moddable games I have ever played.
,Recommended,312530,25823235,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Shagster,I killed a duck with a bible.12/10- Duck my face and make me quack big boy.
76561198160174630,Recommended,312530,25801351,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,D A Y,its strangely fun
76561198117310096,Recommended,312530,26292732,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Natsurr,There is only one word those russians understand:Quack.
76561198188235861,Recommended,312530,26344767,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,God,This is definitely both the most fun and the most salty I've ever been/gotten
76561198075287852,Recommended,312530,26069766,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[RHY][R-PVT]sanman6046,DUCK GAME!AWAHOOOOOOOOOAHHOHHOOOOOOOOOODUCK GAME!AWAHOOOOOOOOOOOOAHOHHHHHOOOOOOOOOO
76561197978331094,Recommended,312530,21048057,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Major Grogg,My friend set fire to me then picked up a saxophone and played it while watching me burne to death.10/10
,Recommended,312530,25958712,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sh0tgunn,"well, after many a game of Duck Game, I have finally decided to write a review. It will be short, like most matches that you will play, usually only lasting a minute. It will (try to be) funny, as with most matches with this game. many a time, my group of buddies have stopped all actions, laughing uncontrollably for the last ten minutes. it will be simple, like Duck Game's amazing controls, with a dedicated quack button, but will also have hidden depth to it, such as having to pull the pin on a grenade to throw it, or having a fully fletched sword fighting system, with parrying, blocking, and lunges that you will completly ignore for the alternative of spamming the slash button over and over, or spinning out of control when you ragdoll with a jetpack. I have put well over 100 hours online with this profile, offline, or with other friends on the couch, laughing away.The ReviewQuack... buy this game: 10/10"
76561198113987191,Recommended,312530,26854815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OlJackBurton,"This game is ridiculously fun. I  play with my son all the time and we have a blast. Workshop support is awesome too, lots of great levels and new weapons."
,Recommended,312530,26854610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaszinova,QUACK?!
,Recommended,312530,26855923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aaron,Frantic and pretty stupid hyper fast paced game about ducks sprinting towards explosives and ballistics and trying desparately not die in the chaos that ensues.quack/10
76561198129873921,Recommended,312530,26845510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Real Flash,DUCKTACULAR
,Recommended,312530,26684345,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Crispy John,Ducks Ducks ducks....DUCKS!!!!
76561198142610023,Recommended,312530,26682367,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Alsor,I cant stress enough how much this is the best game ever!
,Recommended,312530,26682965,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Brown Boy,"Duck Game is a peice of art that belongs in some sort of national museum.Move over, 9/11 memorial, we have DUCK GAME.in all seriousness, i cant stop playing this game. i have an addiction. its a fun party game but with a twist.THERE'S DUCKS INVOLVED. and who wouldn't enjoy a game with ducks who ♥♥♥♥ up each other with shotguns and lasers?I mean, im always up for a good quacktion game.im sorry ill leave now (buy this game)"
76561198160063531,Recommended,312530,26620845,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,soy1313,QUACK!!!(all you need to know)
,Recommended,312530,26626234,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Froggo56,I just need to write a review for a steam achevment... Good game though!
,Recommended,312530,26399560,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Devster☆,"If you want a single player experience with a rich deep story line and fancy graphics you won't find it hereIf you want an addictive, fast paced retro style multiplayer action game look no further.Pros:Tons of weapons (world war II guns through to futuristic  lasers and almost everying in between as well as some cartoony weapons).So easy to pick up and play, though there are some training modes to help you get better at some of the advanced movement and weapon use skills. (Chainsaw racing or sliding anyone?)Lots or unlockable hats you can get.Custom maps. (some are a bit pants, some are so full of exploding and burning stuff that the game just bogs down but these are a minority)Full support for any USB controllers, Xbox and old style DirectInput ones alike.Most importantly: FOUR PLAYER LOCAL MULTIPLAYERCons:Netcode can be a bit wonky sometimes.Single Player missions are a bit boringCan take a while to get into an online match.What I would like to see:A couple more non-lethal weapons like gas bombs or tazers in the mix.Moving platforms or lava/toxic goo traps. (there is lava or at least piled up and lit fuel but it's hardly ever used.)Conclusion: A great time waster for online and local multiplayer which will keep you coming back for more, easily accessible and loads of fun, and it's cheap, you will get 20 times the amount of fun for what you pay."
76561198318174843,Recommended,312530,26694787,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Duck Q. Duckerson,1. DUCKDOS (Duck♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s)2. PLZ UPDATE WE NEED MORE ITEMS (I know mods are here but they're annoying to use)3. QUACK
76561198110970982,Recommended,312530,26738952,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,hi im bob,it is good stofe
,Recommended,312530,26739084,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,YEAH BOI ITS DUK GAEMI love this game it's gud buy it nowPROS-Ducks-Quacks-Hats-Guns-Online multiplayer-Customizability-Did I mention ducks-EEEEEEEXTREME DIVERSITY-You can play as a fridge-Ragdoll physics (cuz y noht maan)-SNOIPEH ROIFLES-Friendship destroying (iz gud)-Accurate representation of WWII-Endorsed by Donally Clintrump-Gosh darn man its just gud-Killer MIDI soundtrack-UNLOCKABLE THINGS AND STUFF-No DLC (yeah boiiii)-YEH KAN PLEH DEH DROIMSET-LOCAL MULTIPLAYERRRR-I have not moved in 8 days help me-I LOVE IT-Skill based matchmaking (not rlly dont h8 me)CONS(btw there aren't any cons stop scrolling)So anyway its gud buy it naoStop reading this and buy it alreadySo anyway I give it 578906347890/11
,Recommended,312530,26641140,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WUPAKU!,"This game is amazing, just read the many reviews below.But this game suffers from a problem that is painfully difficult for players to deal with, and thats the lack of a player base. I remember when I bought this game I felt like I was taking a risk, people dont want to pay more than ten bucks for a game theyve never heard about or have no available comparisons for it (I mean really, its ducks with guns!) and even with every player spamming their friends inboxes, its not going to help when they actually get to the store page and grit their teeth. I dont mean to bash the game, quite the opposite, I think that most people would love this game, not a lot of games get overwhelmingly positive reviews when there is so much crap out there. What I am trying to reach is this, the games been out for a while (still being updated with great stuff!) and I think if the game were to go on a steam sale or lower its price point to somthing even like 9.99, the user base would explode, and people like me wouldnt come here and write a review because noone was on the servers at 2:15AM.and as always, quack.P.S. To non-owners reading this, I suggest lowering the price becuase the game needs more users, not because I think its a 9.99 dollar game, because it really is worth much more."
,Recommended,312530,26640065,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CFW | Roberto Del Fuego,BONUS DUCKS
76561198168992253,Recommended,312530,26702391,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Extreme Rockice (Xbox&PC),"I'm Crying, screaming and LaughingAt the same timeCuase I have Duckphobiabut this game is fun."
76561198128951954,Recommended,312530,26702557,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Reggie_Hype_Train,"this game is like a drug, if that drug was quack *insert seinfeld theme here*"
,Recommended,312530,26705200,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,nouriddin,"best game to exist on planet earthbut don't play it with your friends, you will become enemies."
,Recommended,312530,26731788,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ginbachi,you kill other ducks and quack over their lifeless bodies....what's there not to love?
76561198015735212,Recommended,312530,19806255,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Figge,"This game should be mandatory, unless you don´t enjoy fun."
,Recommended,312530,19765781,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,2erB,Laugh SimulatorWith your friends:Better laughs
,Recommended,312530,19786628,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Red Death,good duckin' funAdult Swim's best game
,Recommended,312530,19631107,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thnitch,quack
,Recommended,312530,19642279,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thenoob0308,its good
76561198097719957,Recommended,312530,19683262,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Donny Long,"Extremely fun, whether you play local or online. Plenty of weapons and equipment to fight your friends with, as well as a level editor."
76561197996823931,Recommended,312530,19921570,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bobjuzz,Best game. You get to wear hats and shoot guns at ducks
,Recommended,312530,19940683,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ante,"Do you dream about killing your best duck friend? Then this game is for you!Pros:The graphicsare nicely done, love this pixel styleThe musicsare OK, not the best, but it's still enjoyableThe gameplayis easy to get used to, controls are easy to master, lot of stuff to do to kill your friendsThe weaponsare multiple and all kind of unique; some are funny, some are deadly as ♥♥♥♥, some are useless, etc.Ducks. because why the ♥♥♥♥ not?Overall a 8/10 for me, enjoyable, especially when you play on the same computer!"
,Recommended,312530,19922958,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TikiShades,"This game is electric, high octane, adrenaline-filled, heart-pounding, giggle-inducing amounts of fun. Adult Swim has done it once again with their newest title. Its a game that feels tailored to the company's unique game design and vision. Games are quick and hectic so there's no time for frustration to set in, and the learning curve is nice and easy. The single player leaves a little to be desired (definitely feels like an afterthought), but its fun enough to whittle the time away while you wait for friends to get online and get their faces kicked in.I'd recommend this game to anyone with friends. Pairs well with LAN parties, drinks, weed, w/e gets the energy high and the mood excitable."
,Recommended,312530,30662485,Posted: 21 March,all,LilCriispy,"This is honestly my favorite game in the history of ever. I've played hundreds of games and none are more entertaining, especially when you're playing with more than two players."
,Recommended,312530,19918419,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dersik,you can quack and slam people on the ground 10/10
76561198118074240,Recommended,312530,20016901,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hillary Clinton,great game but you need to play with friends
,Recommended,312530,19863491,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Antithesis,Heck yes
76561198054088598,Recommended,312530,19893106,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Weird Al,Really fun. You can play online with randoms but it's more fun with friends. There is ducks.
76561198264110826,Recommended,312530,20098383,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Armadillo,"This is the best game ever created in the worlds history, if you don't want it buy it for me."
76561198119069011,Recommended,312530,20099013,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bazingerino [TBB],"This game is better than COD and CSGO combined. I havent left my room for weeks, the police have already been here twice. I mean, there's hats, and ducks, what more do you want in your life?9/11 gaben would play again"
76561197995511248,Recommended,312530,20100590,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Makido,Worth every shekle.
76561198175442731,Recommended,312530,20075871,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,post på 2017,best game ever
76561198234189956,Recommended,312530,20076306,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Blitz-Pug,The BEST shooter I have ever played. It has a combination of Smash Bros and Call of Duty in a duckey aspect.
,Recommended,312530,20076672,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grassyloki,10/10 would buy againone of the best if not the best party game ive played in awhile
,Recommended,312530,20110030,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kuros's Cloak of Shadows,I downloaded a gun that faces backwards and shoots yourself in the face 10/10
,Recommended,312530,16300142,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MistahHamehs,"Absolutely no false false adverstising here, this is a game with ducks playing duck games!Pick up and play yet highly competitve!"
,Recommended,312530,20589828,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tsuyu Asui,quack quack
76561198257402636,Recommended,312530,20635007,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Figaro,Love the intensity of this game
,Recommended,312530,20640385,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,philosophYEE,"gameplay is much better than what the video shows, try it for yourself."
76561198242021804,Recommended,312530,20655458,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,:A,"cant put down, quack"
,Recommended,312530,20639231,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,mr scooty,"Its like super smash bros, except I am awful at this one, you only play as ducks, and I have no idea what half the items do."
,Recommended,312530,22735668,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,lizzfizz420,"I already have about 10 hours on this game and I've only had it for like two days, gr8 game"
76561198202499724,Recommended,312530,22735398,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ethanness46,"Imagine if you could kill someone with another persons dead body and could explode everything in a matter of seconds. If you wish for this, play duck game."
,Recommended,312530,22751070,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,♘Lumen Umbra♞,Its based around ducks...WHAT ARE U WAITING 4!
,Recommended,312530,22756904,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,WafflesTheFox,"Played on the free weekend to the point where one of my friends started shouting ""JUAAAAAAAAAAAAAN"" while wearing the sombrero.10/10 press B to quack simulator 2016"
76561198120288551,Recommended,312530,22745753,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,I Eat Ass lol,buy it u puss
,Recommended,312530,22756119,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SirAugustine,Stupid fun. Duck. Cornhole.
,Recommended,312530,22755155,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ED4N22,GET IT
,Recommended,312530,22755391,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pasko,10/10 would convert friends to duck religion
,Recommended,312530,22731345,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Paul Nixon,quack/10
76561198126298213,Recommended,312530,22731461,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,??????????,Quack
,Recommended,312530,22731778,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dutch,Multiplayer mayhem. 10/10 would play for 4 hours straight again.
,Recommended,312530,22733500,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,focusz,AMAZING
,Recommended,312530,22733850,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,onemanofintegrity,Your own bullets kill you if you aren't careful enough. 900/10
,Recommended,312530,22729944,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,A Gaming Gamer,Funniest game ever on steam!
76561198039362109,Recommended,312530,22729986,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gears0fEnders,"THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC, AND GREAT LOCAL MULTIPLAYER MADNESS."
76561198141592618,Recommended,312530,22703212,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Butt Butt,lol amazing game ill give it a quack/10
76561198118766777,Recommended,312530,22709926,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Samachango64,This game will QUACK you up!
,Recommended,312530,22711321,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SwankyPants,My B button on my controller is broken now. 100/10 quaks
,Recommended,312530,22711523,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AnimalRightsKnight,Funny 2D four player arena multiplayer with ducks
,Recommended,312530,18658890,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Boumbalaboum Burger,"First thing we have : it's a brawler .... Oh yeah again .... But this one is specific as it's really fun : we've got intense action in any levels, so much weapons - with sometimes really ♥♥♥♥ing suiciding stuff ! - and so much laughs ! Yeah, that's a great brawler of many hours with friends at home or on the inernet."
,Recommended,312530,20738444,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,dezukan,quack
,Recommended,312530,20737670,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Stonepaq,One of the best game to play with some friends.
,Recommended,312530,20735688,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,yellow dellow,very good game i love playin it
,Recommended,312530,20925032,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Flogenos,"Crazy good. I've enjoyed the first 150 hours, and I'll enjoy the next 150. The game is super easy to pick up and play, but the mastery of different techniques keep seasoned players opening it up first thing after work. Asymmetric and uniformly random spawning conditions make it easy for brand new players to win a few rounds against people with a hundred hours or more, and the player community is incredibly kind and lighthearted. Great, responsive online play, and even better for parties to hook up to a big screen and plug a bunch of controllers in. The only issue? Sometimes four players isn't enough!Quack."
,Recommended,312530,20987935,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain Hammer,"You will run out of variety surprisingly fast as you see repeat maps, but the game is still a blast after that. Play it with friends, don't practice online like the scumbag you are just so you can whoop them when they're back over."
,Recommended,312530,21140828,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Francuzis,"It's Brilliant! Even if you're not playing with friends. It does take a bit to adjust to the controlls, but it's so much Fun. A good game for anyone. It's slightly over-priced, so I recommend buying during a sale."
,Recommended,312530,21141034,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,piglewarrior,This game is amazing buy it now
76561198087051696,Recommended,312530,22259521,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gemmy,Good Game.Good GraphicsFun for playing with friends!My only complaint is that there's no offline matches (vs CPU) and the only way to get tickets is through challenges which makes unlocking hats and mods a bit challenging. I still heavily recommend it if you're looking for a fun/funny party game.9.5/10 - Would quack again
,Recommended,312530,22230054,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Caesar Dressing,"Really fun game with friends, explains why I only have 2 hours on it"
,Recommended,312530,22230157,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,donde esta mi papa,"I love this game but can no longer play it because it wont open. Hopefully this doesnt happen to you, and this shouldnt deter you from playing the game its a great game"
76561198097949675,Recommended,312530,22230494,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sonic,Just play it and you will understand
,Recommended,312530,22229254,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ShadowDragon000,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,22103821,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Kjell T. Ring,quack/10
,Recommended,312530,22104061,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,lilcinnamonroll,10 out of 10 would duck again.
,Recommended,312530,26590816,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Prison Mike,"If you have friends, then this game is amazing.  You'll never stop laughing if you play with other people.  The skil ceiling on this game is so high, it might have the potential to be an esport.However, playing with random people or by yourself is extremely boring.  Also, it is a little overpriced at 12.99, so pick it up on sale.All in all, pretty good game 7/10"
76561198045703981,Recommended,312530,26593468,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,GiggleBomb,"A ridiculous game filled with a ton of weapons, hats and most importantly quacking. It doesnt suprise me that Adult Swim could make like this so awesome but also gives me a laugh every once in a while. Though the game does have some learning curve, it can be easily learned by watching how other players play and learn the multitude of techniques that can be used to crush those ducks. i would give this game a 8/10, no question,Quack"
76561198055711367,Recommended,312530,27140741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Analritter aus Salzgitter,A fun game to play with a group of friends.But beware of the salt some players could experience.Absolute must-buy
76561198309286744,Recommended,312530,28473789,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Bleach.com,GREAT GAME IN MY TOP 3 GAMES BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,28469939,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,brown seagull,Most hilarious game I've played.
,Recommended,312530,28288634,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,banterbloke69,"pretty hecking fun game if you have friends to play it with, single player not as fun but pretty challenging to get the medals."
76561198206587752,Recommended,312530,28312734,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Capta1nOwl,GET THE QUACK OUT!
,Recommended,312530,28314289,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zro,"♥♥♥♥ing Ducks.Who the hell ever thought making a game about blood thirsty ducks could be a good idea? Whoever did, you're a genius.This game has so much to offer. Having 93 hours logged and hundreds more offline, I think it's pretty safe to say this game is a keep. So basically you're a duck. With guns. Trying to kill other ducks with guns. Pretty easy, right? No. Think again.This is very fast-paced, action-packed, and full of funny moments. Play to amtches of 10 wins, 15 wins, 20 wins, and so on to see who's the best. Wear one of the many available hats to spruce up your ducks look and make him look like a boss. You're not wasting time playing this game. You're making memories.I would absolutelyt recommend this game to anyone who likes shooter games that constantly keep you on the edge of your seat. Me being one of those people, I honestly can barely find a way to put my controller down.Buy this game, even if you're just think about it. All of this fun and amazing features for a mere $12.00. You honestly can't make out much better.I hoped my review helped to influence anyone who was on the fence for buying this game. If you make the purchase, I promise you it will not be a mistake.Overall Rating: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Audio: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,26425164,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NULL,"Duck game is a fast paced platformer that you can play with your friends, Most of the time you are probably going to be playing online however the Arcade mode doesn't disappoint, at times it may be very frustrating but it never ceases to be entertaining. This game is fun however, like every game it does have its faults, it does have some glitches and lag. The glitches that I have faced only served as mildly entertaining however the lag is what can be, at times extremely annoying. The devs are still patching the game and occasionally adding in new content. 8/10"
76561198158333512,Recommended,312530,28690474,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kristin,You're a ♥♥♥♥ing duck and you get to quack after you utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥someone with a laser cannon. Why the ♥♥♥♥ do you not have this game yet
76561198071023162,Recommended,312530,28702872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,-j1m1-h3ndrX-,Quack quack(good game)
,Recommended,312530,28694126,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Howell of the Wolves,Come for the dedicated quack button and nonsense. Stay for the intense twitch reflexes brawl
,Recommended,312530,28652706,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jdhco13,"Quack and Slash, Dis Gud"
,Recommended,312530,28689021,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zhant,"The Ultimate Friendship Destroyer. It's a lot better with custom maps and mods enabled, so be sure to download some."
76561198064926462,Recommended,312530,28680957,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr. Mango,♥♥♥♥ing hilarious
76561198302861012,Recommended,312530,24642838,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,M I N D      P S Y C H O,good game
76561198198875378,Recommended,312530,24644880,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ASexualyActiveToyota,much good such duck
76561198043865385,Recommended,312530,24530924,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,quag returns,"if thyis game was made in Holland, would it be a Dutch game?"
76561198139759978,Recommended,312530,24653618,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Nssloan,Great Game
76561198079189050,Recommended,312530,24623692,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cylur,is a good
76561198083711221,Recommended,312530,24637813,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ExplosiveHippo,It has humor and a seperate button just to quack.10/10
76561198178266837,Recommended,312530,24638525,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Latte7,"Fantastic! An amazing, funny and challenging multiplayer battle game. If you got some friends to play with I 100% recomend Duck game"
,Recommended,312530,24596082,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Specktor,"Duck game is much moe fun then I expected, it is end to end laughter inducing shenanigans. Great multiplayer fun with friends."
,Recommended,312530,24508349,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Doctor Jones,Duck....Duck.....Duck.....GRENADE!!!!!It's exactly as awesome as that sounds....and many rounds take less time to play than it did to read the above sentence.It's like worms meets tequila....or the nostalgia of playing Goldeneye...over at the Adult Swim Folks' house!
76561198141898318,Recommended,312530,24484911,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ozzieodie10,pizza
76561198114354957,Recommended,312530,24500535,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jimmy,"It's one of the funniest game to have fun with friends. Although its graphics, it's actually more fun to play than other higher rank games cause it's physics is realistic too and believe me the moments you are going to have will be unforgetable"
,Recommended,312530,24469220,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mean Meme Cream Machine,"Quack.(That's duck for ""If you like playing Smash Bros with items on and at 300%, this is your game. It's nonstop batshit fun at it's best. Grab a friend and have fun being asshats to each other."")"
76561198080816219,Recommended,312530,30836137,Posted: 30 March,all,Splash,It is a very fun game to play with a friend(s). But it can be a bit messy sometimes because the mods doesn't work properly and the online can start to lag. But i highly recommend this if you have a friend or two to play with.
76561198159039284,Recommended,312530,24003383,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,doge8u,"This is my favorite game ever. I've been playing this game for over 130 hours and it never gets old. If you haven't bought this game yet, I recommend you do."
,Recommended,312530,20195825,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Trashtovski,"It is so bloody satisfying to shoot a duck in the face and say: ""Quack quack, motherducker. Quack quack.""(Yes, this game actually has a quack-button.)//Edit: This game is pretty damn adduckting.//Edit: This game is ducking amazing.//Edit: I duck at this game.//Edit: Will the duck puns ever stop?"
,Recommended,312530,23981304,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Auro,Ducks with guns 11/10. It's really fun with friends and I expect to spend more hours playing this game.
76561198119613581,Recommended,312530,24005619,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mision Odisea,"Back in Duck Hunt, you are a hunter who hunts ducks.Here in Duck Game, you are a duck who hunts OTHER ducks.Rated 20/20 vision see plenty o' differences"
76561198006414190,Recommended,312530,24015587,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sir Laserbeast Von Mandawgblast,This game has a button that allows you to quack. Why you might ask? Quack.
,Recommended,312530,24119235,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nicklol2,Many quacksQuack/10
,Recommended,312530,24096796,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cook Cannibal,QuackThis game is neat.But ♥♥♥♥ the dev trophies....
,Recommended,312530,22441315,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,trebuchet (nuuu),good game but VERY high asking price for it
,Recommended,312530,22344850,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pider-chan~,This game is quack to win.Bonus points for trombone-solo's.
76561198118713617,Recommended,312530,22384896,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TheBraveLion,it's greeeeeeeat
76561198174303813,Recommended,312530,22400143,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,AlphaCentauri56,Quack
76561198048135483,Recommended,312530,22404384,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Frozen Yonana,"If you have more than 1 friend and an equal number of controllers, then this game is for you. This game is LITERALLY the most fun I've ever had playing a couch video game with my buddies. I highly recomend it.10/10, would quack again.Quack Quack"
76561198043562908,Recommended,312530,22405032,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,velociraptorlegs,"The only game where you can shoot at someone and have your bullets be deflected by a sword, run out of ammo, throw the gun causing the sprinting opponent to drop their sword flinging it forward, hit on the foot, kill you, and have your opponent be killed by a falling crate dropped by an enemy who is then killed by a grenade kamikaze, all while quacking at the same time.""Quack outta quack would quack again.""-Quack"
,Recommended,312530,22261847,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,locomoco1313,Im a frogIn a duck game10 quacks/5
,Recommended,312530,22495974,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,terrible csgo player,Honestly one of the most fun games I've played. Level editor keeps it going.
76561198040450243,Recommended,312530,22698289,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,They Look Like Hedgehogs To You?,"Duck Game is pretty well one of the best games in recent memory. It's a blast to play, its modable, and even when you're losing you've got a big smile on your face. Pick it up."
76561198039860263,Recommended,312530,22698395,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Semem God,"THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥ING 1 GET IT AND JACK OF TO IT, IT'S THE TYPE OF GAME YOU WILL HAVE 100 HRS MINIMUM IN A MONTH PEACE OUT"
76561198102805525,Recommended,312530,22698869,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bdog737,So much fun
,Recommended,312530,22695385,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Confessor,"Kill your friends or be killed. If you have no idea what is going on but the bullets and feathers are flying you're having a good time. Literally everything can be used as a weapon, even you're friends lifeless corpses, and nothing is off the table when the quacking begins."
,Recommended,312530,22695743,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,TheFamousChrisA,"Quaking good time.I waited a long time to buy this game, but now that it's on sale I think it's definitely worth the $8 or so for all the fun I think I'll have playing it."
76561198069283088,Recommended,312530,22697718,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,succ,- Launches game- Joins a random match- I press a button and i go into ragdoll- I flop around like a fish11/10 Would fish again
,Recommended,312530,22643187,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,WaffleNinja,"This game is like quack. Once you get hooked, you won't be able stop. A battle-royale, action-platformer, and a party game all rolled into a feathery package."
,Recommended,312530,22694082,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Codex_of_Wisdom,"A wonderful game to play with friends. Surprisingly complex in gameplay, but still a simple platform arena. Very fast paced and good to play for just a short time, or all evening. Even when you get slaughtered, you're laughing because of how ridiculous the last round was."
,Recommended,312530,22694376,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Messy Money Shot,I Quacked my way to victory
,Recommended,312530,27540871,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,armamentsRegent,"Pretty much impossible to stop playing once you start, but make sure to have at least two others to play with. Modifiers, mods, and extra maps make Duck Game always fun and exciting."
,Recommended,312530,27538734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DragonCore,Very fun and hilarous game to play with friends!
76561198133852094,Recommended,312530,27576061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StickViper,"An amazing game that's just stupid enough to work.Easy enough controls, but crazy amounts of depth and tactics."
76561198142014165,Recommended,312530,27569925,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ByteWizerd,Nice meme
,Recommended,312530,27743034,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Typical Hedgehog,"Its ducks shooting each other, what else do you want ?"
,Recommended,312530,27745057,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cheebus,This game will make you cry.
76561198079785839,Recommended,312530,27742321,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zedd Zaslavski,you can quack at your friends. so thats good i guess.
,Recommended,312530,27991884,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cookieslapper,"Best played with 2-3 friends. Mods, though fickle at times, make the game even better. One of my favourite casual games to play with friends and laugh for a couple hours."
76561198314265721,Recommended,312530,31295528,Posted: 22 April,all,ＭＡＹＯ,"The Vanilla game is boring when you are 2 hours played, then you play community mods: you really love the game"
76561198053525746,Recommended,312530,31287107,Posted: 21 April,all,Schmitty Werbenjagermanjesen,Quack
,Recommended,312530,31309629,Posted: 22 April,all,GoldN,"I personally have 110+ hours in this game, so trust me, this review is entirely legit.quackbest game""Better than the new Zelda""But in all seriousness, this game is amazing. Bugs and all.GAMEPLAY:When it comes down to actually playing the game, I tend to do it on occasions when I'm around friends, with a controller or two. It runs smoothly on my Surface Pro 2(4gb ram, quad-core i5 processor), and that's even with mods loaded. This game is for those people who play games similar to ""Move or Die"" and ""Towerfall: Ascension"". It's fast-paced, the controls are tight, and just when you're starting to get serious, something hilarious happens. That's just the nature of this game. Coming from [adult swim], it implements humorous mechanics that give the game that boost from something played every once in a while to a frequently-played game for laughs and fun. Some of these mechanics include death crates, banana peels, a reversed gun, and most importantly, quacks. Back to actual gameplay. The game itself has controls that feel very responsive, and are easy to learn. There are many ""advanced"" things that you can do to move around and attack, including using the recoil of a gun to move a certain direction, or angling guns to fire them in different directions. Overall, the gameplay is fast, fun, and has quite a bit of depth.STORY:As if. Not really much story-wise to look at here, but the trading cards do give a little bit of a look into some things in the Duck Game universe.ONLINE:I've had fun with this mode. This is partially because there was a period of time when I was away from my friends, and during that time, I needed something to play. My only concerns with the online features in this game is that you have to have a pretty good connection to not get lag spikes and connection issues.MODDING:When it comes to modding, there are two major categories, consisting of Stage Modding and Other Modding. For stages, the game features a built-in stage creator, which allows you to work with every resource and create entirely new stages with new sprites and currently-existing ones. Other mods encompass game mechanics and item addition, which both work decently well for a non-official modding type. Game mechanic mods can range from supporting 8-players online to making ""B"" a turbo quack button. Item modding is where this category really shines through, giving us new equipment, weapons, and more! For example, I've used gun boots, nuke launchers, and fart bombs with mods, allowing new humor and variety to be added to the game. All modding(that I've seen so far) is done through the Workshop, allowing easy addition and removal of mods.OVERALL:I highly recommend this game if you have friends to play it with you. It is a good time-waster, and even if you dont have friends to play with, you can try to get better scores in the Arcade. The modding is smooth, and the gameplay is tight. This game was worth every penny of the full $40 I spent getting this game for my friends and I.I give this game: quack out of 10PS: The glitches in this game are amazing. I won't tell you how, but there IS a way to die in the preparation room."
76561198073050877,Recommended,312530,31306956,Posted: 22 April,all,Crusty Jugglers,quack
76561197992027868,Recommended,312530,31309080,Posted: 22 April,all,Roxxus,Hats.
76561198058742922,Recommended,312530,31225136,Posted: 18 April,all,00theduke00,"Just try it, it's great"
,Recommended,312530,32715633,Posted: 24 June,all,mukyuu respecter,"really fun, just don't play it alone.It's super duper fun with friends, though I recommend at least two more."
,Recommended,312530,32801478,Posted: 25 June,all,indefort,"This is one of the absolute best local multiplayer games.  Do not bother unless you have controllers and friends IRL, because the single player and online both are barely worth trying.  Love the rich map and modding options, love the chaos and quick reflexes needed, love the hats and quacking.  Love this game."
76561198188627722,Recommended,312530,32793072,Posted: 25 June,all,Finnjamin,im addicted to quack
,Recommended,312530,29879422,Posted: 12 February,all,derin,200 hours of duck game but it's still fun to play with friends and online
,Recommended,312530,32787134,Posted: 25 June,all,Cerberus_144,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,32848386,Posted: 27 June,all,Harnoth,Fun game to play with friend. Crazy ducks shooting eachother with weapons of all kinds and has a lot of cool moves you can make to show of your skills.
76561198352638818,Recommended,312530,28982522,Posted: 3 January,all,HigadoInflamado,"You know a game is going to be fun when there's a button for quacking.No DLC, no season pass, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... just fun.Buy it."
76561198246740520,Recommended,312530,27809688,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,germin97,"Duck Game is the most random game you will find on Steam. At first I was sceptical, but I played it during the free weekend, and bought it immediately after. I never regretted my decision. You can always play this game, as it's very simple. You play the same thing over and over again, but everytime it's just a little different, making it worth playing again.Embark on a quest to erase all ducks with another color from existence, and let your own color prevail and dominate all others! Wait..., this isn't a race thing??? Oh well.Play with friends, random people online who are just as weird as you or by yourself, as the single player levels are a load of fun as well.The game is filled with bugs and glitches, and though some are annoying, lots of them are just fun. It takes skill to use some of the glitches, but it will feel awesome when you master them. It's also great fun to explore all the glitches."
,Recommended,312530,32834929,Posted: 26 June,all,Bio,"Fun game and incredibly addictive. There's an assortment of hats to choose from and a ton of different weapons on the battlefield. So far, no multiplayer lag however I've only been paired up with one person at a time. I do recommend playing co-op with friends but whichever way you play, you'll love it."
,Recommended,312530,32891308,Posted: 27 June,all,Damn Daniel AMV,qak
,Recommended,312530,32920632,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr Nemo,"To win, you must think like a DUCK"
,Recommended,312530,20104132,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Garbage-chan,QUACK QUACK MOTHER*QUACK*ERS!!!!!!!!!Best game I've ever played 10/10 ducks with guns killing each other for my enjoyment but I also rage too much from stupid situations where we both shoot each other but only I die however I'm a hypocrit as I enjoy when it happens to them.Also your grenade launchers can catch other grenade launcher shots if you have it aimed exactly at the grenade.Also quick edit in my favorite hat to wear is Senpai hat.
76561198023674061,Recommended,312530,26785220,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WalkinCancer,"I can highly recommend this game, especially between final exams, instead of studiing, it takes so much pressure off."
,Recommended,312530,32887200,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr. Donovan,"This game makes me extremely suicidal, but hey it's still pretty good"
76561198254971328,Recommended,312530,32939501,Posted: 28 June,all,Enzu CSGOJOE.COM,Just an amazing game and loads of fun with friends!
76561198211061980,Recommended,312530,32944887,Posted: 28 June,all,Penguin with a Gun,Bought this game with a friend. Now we have a whole community playing it. BUY IT !
,Recommended,312530,32910912,Posted: 27 June,all,SausageQueen,how to cry at that one friend doing better and ruining the fun
,Recommended,312530,32917596,Posted: 28 June,all,Ksem,♥♥♥♥ING FUNNY.
76561197970955789,Recommended,312530,32913332,Posted: 27 June,all,WearWolf77,There are ducks in this game. If that's your thing go for it!
,Recommended,312530,32911238,Posted: 27 June,all,Alien,Why are you even reading this? Overall reviews are overwhelmingly positive.
,Recommended,312530,20491467,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,FlightFight,This game is a masterpiece!Hell a lot of action packed fun with an infinitely high skill ceiling.Also it is extremely well balanced. It's the new Worms just a lot better! Go get it! :D
,Recommended,312530,32649342,Posted: 22 June,all,mason787,"Freaking amazing. awesome to play with strangers, friends and anyone in between. the community that does the add ons are fantastic as well. overall just brilliant and hilarious."
,Recommended,312530,32654342,Posted: 22 June,all,Ein Mensch,Neat
,Recommended,312530,32654668,Posted: 22 June,all,TrueScuiSoon,If yor gonna get it at all get it with friends its So much fun but ya gatta have friends
,Recommended,312530,32239007,Posted: 7 June,all,Risto VI,"The entirety of this game is a master piece, starting off with the amazing controls that are easy to learn and hard to master, this is acommplished with techniques such as chainsaw climbing ( the term used for climbing up walls with a chain saw), this combined with the games multitude of diffrent equipment and wepons which makes it a god send for people looking for a indepth game. This game also has a stellar story mode which is guaranteed to make you cry, laugh and have a deep conection with each character. Duck game also is the greatest looking game visually, it goes above and beyond all other games including as the Witcher 3, Crysis 3, Grand theft auto V, Deus EX: Mankind Devided and many more. These graphics make sure that you as a player feel immersed in the story and characters. Lastly, Duck game belives in full 100% player enjoyment, in doing so the Duck Game staff has allowed full modular support. This inturn has enabled millions of people to create verious skins for the game."
76561198063178569,Recommended,312530,16506733,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cruxious,I play way too much duck game.
76561198056887919,Recommended,312530,21725891,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The808Papaya,Ducky is the best game I have ever played everyone should play ducky
76561198189080203,Recommended,312530,21569219,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DaniDeDestroyer,Awesome game. Simple graphics but a game full of madness!
,Recommended,312530,21515519,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Plundering Booty,Very fun for both online and local multiplayer!
76561197974515300,Recommended,312530,21551727,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ragnar,Quack!
76561198038187529,Recommended,312530,30723409,Posted: 25 March,all,Psionic Cyan,"What a game. One cannot describe it with words only: it is as full of salt as the Dead Sea, as crazy as trumps win, as competitive as an e sport...Seriously you should buy this game even if you're not planning on playing. Jest let it sit there in your library like a trophy lol."
,Recommended,312530,27237460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rotav,quack
,Recommended,312530,27209373,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Probable Strudel,Better then sex
,Recommended,312530,27209504,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vrod302,Honestly this is one of those games that just ends up being unexpectedly fun. Get a group of friends together and try not to rip each others' heads off as you rapid fire rounds of hilarity and frustration. The perfect party game.
,Recommended,312530,27329707,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nedge,The greatest game ever invented.
,Recommended,312530,27329084,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,haikupaiku,Brilliant
,Recommended,312530,27368303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zirofin,One of the best games to play with friends I've played in years!
76561198046735165,Recommended,312530,27370529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dev15tat0r (Delta),"This is a great game to play with your friends or with random people online. Hours of entertainment, and a great way to waste time."
,Recommended,312530,27370717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yelo,"There is a button you can push so you can quack, What more needs to be said?"
76561198037141151,Recommended,312530,27368770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ProfessorWhiskey,"Amazing game in all aspects. Best Adult Swim game I've ever played. Should definitely win ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"" award."
,Recommended,312530,27370342,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Is actually ted,"Don't be decieved by the name. Duck game is quirky, but it's also the best 2d arcade versus fighter I've ever played. 10/10quackquack quackquackThere's a button for that."
,Recommended,312530,27414799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[RAT]_EpicDyo,"If you haven't bought it yet, you should."
,Recommended,312530,26481313,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Evilass,"This is a hilarious game to play at a party with friends lined up to take on the victor.Very fast paced, quick kills, and tons of laughter."
,Recommended,312530,26403948,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Wispfire,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,26406048,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,nostirls,this game is addictivei also like ducks
76561198170376738,Recommended,312530,26529578,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fuzzy Mango,It's one of the best and funny games i've played. :p
76561198039700947,Recommended,312530,25828204,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dylan,What kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up duck wouldn't play ♥♥♥♥ing duck ♥♥♥♥?
,Recommended,312530,25829048,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nutmeg,is good game. Very fast paced and exciting
76561198111787628,Recommended,312530,26016974,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BryanTheLump,"I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys playing competitive arcade style platformers. I very much enjoy this game because of not only the arcade style violence, but also the fun and goofiness that stems from it. The only bad thing I can think about this game is that it can become tedious finding other players for a full game of 4. Either there aren't many players or there may be connectivity issues. But either way, it is extremely fun."
76561198087106918,Recommended,312530,24471414,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Derekorz,"I don't think I've ever had this much fun in a video game. Play with friends, it's seriously amazing. Without a doubt the best purchase I've made on steam thus far!I hate mallards."
,Recommended,312530,26055255,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,✪ woof,One of the best games to play with friends I have ever experienced.
76561198296709977,Recommended,312530,25934411,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IronJuan,it's pretty addicting i already have over 100 hours playing it
,Recommended,312530,26308125,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,WeegeeDabs,"This is the most insane game I've played with friends. It's chaos in duck form, yet its easy to understand and has simple controls. I would highly reccomend getting this game and gifting some copies to your friends!"
,Recommended,312530,26310919,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Windows 10,"Gotta say, i love this game, although some people may not like i certaintly do. personally when i started out i would never win but i just learned from what the people better than me did and started to do well. yes i do know there are some glitches (some funnier than others) and some absolute BS like throwing a grenade only for it to bounce off the enemy and explode in your face but i find it very fun. To be honest the singleplayer is a bit lackluster but i would recomment playing some of it before online play (i wish i had)."
76561198080310624,Recommended,312530,26267594,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Frudruk da Hood Dictator,"Probably one of the worst games ever made...But it's extremely fun to play and if you got friends who play this I recommend everyone to buy it.But if you have anger issues...maybe not, this game made me rage more than rocket league, league of legends, fifa, hearthstone and dark souls combined... :)"
,Recommended,312530,26275136,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ominous Wynd,"Life is like a hurricane, here in Duck BurgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck blurMight solve a mystery, or rewrite history!Duck Game (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Game (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodDuck Game (woo oo)When it's seems they're headed for the final curtainBold deduction never fails, that's for certainThe worst of messes become SUCCesses!Duck Game (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Game (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodDuck Game (woo oo)D-D-Danger lurks behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? just grab on to someDuck Game (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Game (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodDuck Game (woo oo)Not pony game or cotton gameNo, Duck Game (woo oo)"
76561198106580960,Recommended,312530,22694731,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Melon,Quack. Quack Quack Quack. QUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!! Quack.
,Recommended,312530,22694860,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,Quack
,Recommended,312530,22695076,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,TechnoTadhg #TF2Center,tem/tem
76561198202715115,Recommended,312530,22852592,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Parlan Spinner,"This game is probably the most fun I've had playing a multiplayer/shooter in a very long time. It has fantastic gamepad support, it's easy to learn the controls, regardless of WASD, or a gamepad, and games are pretty quick. Couldn't stop laughing through most of my playthrough. The challenge mode is fairly addictive, if you're hard pressed to get better at the game. Kind of wish there was a campaign, but it really doesn't need it. 9/10"
76561198044040061,Recommended,312530,23026746,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nefarious,"Can't...stop...shooting...my...friends... (4 Stars)Get a couple of controllers and grab a couple of friends who can match your reflexesYou will die from your own grenade bouncing into your face.You will die because your own gun shot you in the face.You will die because you threw a crate too vertically.You will die through self-immolationPros:- Fast-paced- Quick to set-up for local co-op- Lots of Hat mods and Gun mods (CREATIVE GUN MODS)- The retro music hits home and doesn't screech (like some younger of ya will complaing about)- Settles debates on who's the better duck- Realistic quackingCons:- Levels are repetitive with friends after a few hours (Only a few good modded levels)- Quacks get monotonous, needs modding- Has so much potential for other game types, but modding community has slowed."
76561198296276546,Recommended,312530,22690860,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,CubbyBearFrowns,"""Roman Candles are Evil"">Makes Custom Map>Makes 12 Cannons>Fills Cannons With Roman Candles>Sets Spawn time to 2 seconds>Lights one>Lags out computer forcing to restart"
76561198118854015,Recommended,312530,23074403,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Flare The Fox,"THIS GAME IS...... A fun shooter and platforming game that requires you to do missons or play multiplayer and kill each other, also there are hats........ So check it out!"
,Recommended,312530,23030081,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,katzy,"easily one of the best games of this generation, the single player is fast paced challenge modes to hone your skills, and multiplayer is a twitch reaction frag fest"
,Recommended,312530,20165014,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rob,e to quack
,Recommended,312530,23040552,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Adam the Beast,"I don't normally leave reviews but I decide to for this amazing game, the first time I played it I wondered what on earth was I doing with my life. But then, my mate Jellybean Gamer got it and we played a few round and we decided to record it for our channels. If you have a Youtube channel this is a perfect game to record for multiplayer, montages or random online games for anyones channel. I now know what it is like to be a duck!Just buy this game already!"
76561198293743743,Recommended,312530,23090995,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lord Devon,This game is amazing!!
,Recommended,312530,22924791,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,-__________-,"Cant stop smiling when playing this game, so much randomness! one of my favourite games to play right now! defiantly would recomened to everyone!"
,Recommended,312530,22886082,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,spookyseut,*spams B wildly* Quack
76561198118116823,Recommended,312530,22890756,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Alexstrato,One of the best games ever.
76561198106207452,Recommended,312530,24976734,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,teal,9/11 quack bar
76561198128857821,Recommended,312530,24976398,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Herbert Brown,"Amazing, would recommend this game to anyone. 5 duck 9 me"
76561198162279173,Recommended,312530,25023508,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Twisted Batman,One of the most fun multiplayer games in recent memory. 9/10 - Some people use cheats (but it's rare).
76561198159413216,Recommended,312530,25023194,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Froppy,Funny
76561198060919480,Recommended,312530,23662524,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dedr512,It is a very fun and funny game. :D
76561198134336813,Recommended,312530,25085138,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,CHUY,one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,312530,25084631,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,HipsterGypsy,Quack.
76561198195825455,Recommended,312530,24893297,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Kid-_-Ghost77,I highley recommen this game its fuuny aewsome and has great pixel graphics
76561198148922191,Recommended,312530,24900121,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ian,"Probably my all time favorite game to play with friends. So many laughs, intense but quick matches and pure fun from this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,24894262,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Galactose,this game is amazing
76561198129170586,Recommended,312530,24898370,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,"Had lots of fun during the phase of its popularity, now its harder to get into games. Definetly worth it if you have a party to play with though."
,Recommended,312530,24770842,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sweden Always Wins,"I am 18 now, I have not quacked once."
,Recommended,312530,25234576,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dolphindann,quack
76561198073562663,Recommended,312530,25238306,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,jaforberg,"It's a 2d platformer twitch shooter. With ducks. The soundtrack is some of the best chiptune music I've heard in a game. The gameplay is fast-paced but still very accessible, fun but still competitive. It's basically a 2d version of unreal tournament. With ducks. You press 'E' to quack.Stop reading reviews now and just get the game."
76561198051045393,Recommended,312530,26505930,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Betty Fucking White,Holy ♥♥♥♥ the hat game is lit.
,Recommended,312530,26512301,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,yung noteblock,This game makes me want to rip off my friend's face and save it as a tasty snack for later.
,Recommended,312530,26506106,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Narwhal,Pandicorn approves
,Recommended,312530,26549082,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[JLG] Sydney,nice memesquack quack
,Recommended,312530,21877238,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,thats no good,Ducks with guns. Pretty nice.
,Recommended,312530,21837199,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,HP Witchcraft,It's a shame more people don't know about this game. I've put over 60 hours in and it's as fun now as it was when I first played.
76561198043025215,Recommended,312530,21863143,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,♠ runey,"You can spend your 60$ on any of the recently released AAA series spinoff game, and probably have a good time for a little while before getting frustrated with some awful mechanic or graphical issue and quitting. Or, you could buy this masterpiece for 12$ and still have 48$ left over for whatever floats your boat. This game is some of the most fun i've had with 3 friends in a while, and will probably continue to be fun forever, as the workshop means virtually endless editions to the base game to spice things up a little. Would DEFINITELY reccomend, especially to anyone with a steam link looking for a game to play with some friends 8/8 would definitely buy again."
,Recommended,312530,21828254,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Evo,Quack.
76561198134520338,Recommended,312530,21919996,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheWolvenMage,Read This If You Are A real duck quak quaaaack quakc qak quack wak quakky quackity quack quack quack quackity quaaaaaaaaaack
,Recommended,312530,21909654,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PvER,quack
,Recommended,312530,21934172,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gary Coleman,IT IS AMAZING PLAY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!quack
76561198109491000,Recommended,312530,21936953,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ShadesOfSingularity,You can quack.10/10
76561198262440684,Recommended,312530,20408373,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,csgoroll.com AfricanKidzPoP,love it 10/10
,Recommended,312530,25275629,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gaubica,"This is very good game, it's funny:)"
,Recommended,312530,25232250,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,opedog,Love this game so much.  Son and I have been having a blast with it.
,Recommended,312530,25185263,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Qweeble,Quack quack ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!
76561198073636578,Recommended,312530,25180937,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Liquidmedic[Fin],Really fun party game to play with your friends. 5/5 would quack again
76561198118774986,Recommended,312530,25180967,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Knowledge,BEST GAME EU
,Recommended,312530,25169180,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr. Figs,"Duck Game is so good. You can get extremely good at it with practice, but it's fun even if you're a scrub. You owe it to yourself to try it."
,Recommended,312530,25169647,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Picasso,"Amazing game for frantic fun with you friends. Server is hosted locally, so host advantage is a thing to anticipate over long distances. Connection still good enough to play coast to coast without cheap kills."
,Recommended,312530,25173758,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,"YER TEARING ME APART, EINSMAN","Do you like the ridiculous weapons from Worms and the look, sound, and gameplay of classic Sega Genesis sidescrollers? This is the perfect game for you. Tons of crazy guns (including a suicide pistol), great community workshop support, and simple gameplay that is easy to get into but damn hard to master make it a perfect timewaster for when you don't wanna invest a ton of time each time you play.TL;DR: Most fun you can have committing fowl play."
76561198281348494,Recommended,312530,25255913,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ccsgx22,Such a fun and simple game to play. Very easy to pick up and immediately jump right into the action! Highly recommended!!
,Recommended,312530,25270184,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,I Darkstar X,"Welp for some reason my copy vanished. There goes $13...But yes, the game is great.Just be careful to play the game as often as possible or it'll auto-refund itself and vanish from your library..."
,Recommended,312530,26887153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sorroh,"Endless fun with friends, and usually random people. The game may not look like much for being pixelated, but it is well worth $13, or just wait for it to be onsale. Also has a workshop with custom hats, modded weapons, and custom maps!"
,Recommended,312530,26912820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sikre-,quack
76561198010737574,Recommended,312530,26909218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SnowTrace,"If you have any local friends get this game, its amazing !"
,Recommended,312530,26925992,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Branimation,A quackin good time.
76561198042476600,Recommended,312530,26923663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Direan,"Epic duels with one friend, flying into hells domain with two, or complete quacking chaos with three, this game is insane and stupidly entertaining most of all when you turn all your friends into delicious meals"
,Recommended,312530,27064102,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jubbygub,good fun
,Recommended,312530,27068260,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Segura meu jiraya,Quack
,Recommended,312530,27064344,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Othium,QUACCKKK
,Recommended,312530,26839124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr Demento,Must buy
,Recommended,312530,26839274,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nomnoms The Blue Cat,After playing over 140 hours of this game I still dont win... But it is still fun ;3
76561198021648496,Recommended,312530,26921359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mohawk,One of the best party games out there.
,Recommended,312530,26722495,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JohnyEZ,Its pretty quacking good with friendly ducks 10.1/10
76561198045915246,Recommended,312530,26848604,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,intilujan,Best local multiplayer ive ever played
,Recommended,312530,26796357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CringePepe,You can quack11/10
76561198016913113,Recommended,312530,27006303,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Geek_Q,quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack*TRANSLATED FROM DUCK*Pretty good game.
,Recommended,312530,27038012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Minibuka1,"quackthis game is fun anyways, but it's kind of hardthere's tons of weapons, so have funsteam workshop, becuase why notyou can quack, quack quack quackuh, muitiplayer, if you want to have fun with another ducksum, quack i ran out of ideas for this reviewanyways, good game"
,Recommended,312530,27044199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,J a k e L D,Best game to play with friends. Buy a steam link and connect 4 controllers and you will have a blast.
76561198023391052,Recommended,312530,26035335,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mr.Remington,A fast paced arena shooter that is extremly funny and fun to play. Easy to play hard to master.
76561198135744951,Recommended,312530,23410925,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,gypsykingriseing,very fun game can ruin friendships but still very fun
76561198085878404,Recommended,312530,24560842,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,blemb,one of my favorites. get it now.
76561198195462489,Recommended,312530,24878440,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bloodhound66,"Love this game. I saw a commercial for it once on adult swim when it first came out and i was like "" I need that ♥♥♥♥in game!!"" Then i got it and im so glad i did because i never saw anything about the game again. I may have almost never played it... the end. 5 of 5 stars."
76561198286125256,Recommended,312530,24963646,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DAPPER_SNORLAX,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. It's great as a secound game, like playing for ten minuts for your freinds to get on to play another game. It's also REAL fun to play with anyone. My only issue is that its kind of RIP headphone users until you find out the controls to turn the sound down."
,Recommended,312530,20121425,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SirGoldfish,"Probably the funnest game to play with friends, never stops being funny"
,Recommended,312530,20277111,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Silver Aura,Hands down some of the most fun I have ever had in a multiplayer game.
,Recommended,312530,20277127,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AaronVonBaron,Game requirements:-Bored-Have 3 friends
76561198080097429,Recommended,312530,20278658,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Major Tom,Best ♥♥♥♥in game ever 10/10
,Recommended,312530,20455917,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DarkbreezeX,MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING QAUCKERS!
76561198095403566,Recommended,312530,20403833,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Soin,"Very entertaining game, at least for me and the group I play with.If you have other people who you game with and can convince them to get this game then it is a very entertaining game to play with friends."
,Recommended,312530,20411837,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,whos mans is this,B  E S T♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N GG A M E
,Recommended,312530,20420717,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Big Bad Super Bunny,This game is great local and online multi player.  I have fun even when I'm loosing.
,Recommended,312530,20444124,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Herra Hukka,"Played against my friends (using gamepad), broke my keyboard while raging. 5/5 Will play again."
76561198147870368,Recommended,312530,20306613,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,pdalberg,This is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,20305747,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JaMarcusT03,Yes this game is good.Gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8 I aprcia8 and not h8
,Recommended,312530,20281747,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mralh,fk u mom im not being 2 loud and il go to bed when i wnat
76561198081014244,Recommended,312530,20299096,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ovcharka,Best game ever can't stop playing.
76561198009088065,Recommended,312530,20298201,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Skullivan,Take the duck tales theme and replace all the anecdote's with murderThats Duck Game.
,Recommended,312530,23713630,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tim Vine,I want to be able to change the contols to something more practical than wasd to move and c and v to pick up wepons and shoot... I have a second hand that does not have any use.
76561198217841901,Recommended,312530,23731797,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dr.Potato,"This game is hilarious!! I experienced practicly NO lag or slowing down of the game. I have got a very basic laptop setup, and I can run very few games on it without lag, Duck Game is the 1st game I have had that showed minimal to NO lag. 5/5 great game!! I HIGHLY recommend purchasing."
,Recommended,312530,23737999,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MinocquaZach,"Fun to play online, with friends or otherwise. Unleashed a hail of bullets upon many enemy ducks only to be crushed by an object. 10 quacks out of 10"
76561198055988789,Recommended,312530,23736686,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Firefox,its prety gooood
,Recommended,312530,23674603,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Villdjack,quack quack quack quack(really good lan game)
76561198178054177,Recommended,312530,23674687,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,fuzzmonkay,super fun
76561198069650691,Recommended,312530,23740705,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Avengeful_Fox,"If you have friends to play it or don't mind the sometimes frustratingly difficult gameplay (one-shot kills and people who are a lot more experienced than you mostly) then yeah, get it!It's fun, it's funny, and it's good for a bit."
76561197995723154,Recommended,312530,23817103,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Deex,This game is an absolute blast. I highly recomend it just for the local co-op alone.
,Recommended,312530,23763045,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Electrospeed,"If you need a 1-4 local player party game, this is the game for you.  Not only is the game incredibly easy to get into, but it actually has a fairly high skill ceiling, meaning there are dozens of different ways to win a round and no round plays the same.10/10 best quacking simulator in existence"
,Recommended,312530,23808311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,EpikWill,"One of the MOST FUN STEAM GAMES EVER! You can just have fun playing with friends, or with other people, and more! Nothing is better than crazy ducks with Miniguns!"
76561198252658526,Recommended,312530,22727907,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Niko The Veteran,Good game and good coop but online is bad buy this game and play it's really fun
,Recommended,312530,23827001,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GHTZZX (The Anchor),Its a fun game with friends only promblem i have so far is when i use my dualshock 4 controllers we  both get 2 characters each and we only want one so hopefully someone can help me with this promblem
76561198167051701,Recommended,312530,23733148,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Uncle Danish,TF2 Hat Simulator with Ducks.10/10 would Duck again
,Recommended,312530,23790841,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Аутоголиат,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,23530705,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Block Keeper,Non stop fun for everyone!
76561198081670235,Recommended,312530,23797852,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,backescj,Game is the bomb
,Recommended,312530,23799975,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RikaMX,"Very fun multiplayer game, grab your friends for this one to get the best out of it.Online is pretty fun too, overall great game... quack!"
,Recommended,312530,23802094,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FaZe Jaq,it's lit
,Recommended,312530,27221724,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IAreZooTouchy bolt.gg,Best game for me because idk its just fun
,Recommended,312530,27221914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(-TN-) juanito,"Love this game, builds friendships and tears them apart at the same time.  Recommand to get some mods and maps from the workshop to make the game even better."
,Recommended,312530,27195320,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Foven,gud
76561198122734826,Recommended,312530,26978559,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B0W,"This has got to be the most fun game i have ever played with my friendsfrom shooting a blackhole in their faces, to curb stomping them from nowhere while they patrionize you about skill, if you were up in the air about this gome buy it now. (buy the bundle to give to friends worth it.)"
,Recommended,312530,27021270,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danhanado,Good quick fun with a great soundtrack
,Recommended,312530,27012136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Some Asshole,D E D I C A T E D  Q U A C K  B U T T O N
,Recommended,312530,27033630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EpicDonut1109,In my opinion one of the most underrated games on steam. Hilariously fun game to play with friends. I highly recommend this game for someone wanting to ruin their friendships and have fun while doing it.
,Recommended,312530,27036820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ＳＣＯＴＴＺＯＲＺ 「BITE ZA DUSTO」,"Basically imagine Super Smash Bros, except with guns instead of items and ducks instead of Solid Snake."
,Recommended,312530,27047222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,flamingswrd,"If you watched the trailer, any of them, you know what you're in for. That's not necessarily a bad thing.Caution: gameplay is very fast, so let newcomers practice the controls a bit beforehand. Make sure you pick a unique hat, otherwise it will be hard to tell where you are."
,Recommended,312530,27028443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H U R T Z,"This is by far the most fun I have had in any multiplayer game ever. The pacing is perfect, the skill ceiling is huge but a new player could always find a way to get you anyway and the amount of just pure yelling from everyone in the room is uncomparable. If you got a local multiplayer PC setup this is a must have."
,Recommended,312530,27300178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The_AssWagon,by far the best game I ahve ever played
,Recommended,312530,27250175,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Narwail,ducks
76561198090678474,Recommended,312530,27250181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Potatooh,This game is fantastic. I have never been bored playing duck game from my first hour to my last. The skill ceiling is higher than the moon.
,Recommended,312530,27305470,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kristoffer,"Perfect for for playing with friends, both online and on the couch"
,Recommended,312530,27390768,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Current,Use a controller and you will have a quacking good time.
76561197963702605,Recommended,312530,27441566,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fish,This game is genius.Non-stop laughs with friends.Highly recommend
,Recommended,312530,27952825,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wallace and Gromit,"Most fun multiplayer game since smash, and much funnier to boot. Seriously, get it!"
76561198068754700,Recommended,312530,27912386,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joe Mama,just 5 more mins of QUACK
76561198014575832,Recommended,312530,27912456,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yung Trafficjam,Dedicated quack button makes this a 10/10
,Recommended,312530,27716008,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[YNC] Hanter,"""It's like Smash Bros. But with Ducks. And weapons. And you die instantly.""That's pretty much how I introduce the game to my friends.It's fast-paced, surprisingly competitive yet hilarious at the same time. Losing often results in you laughing at some ridiculous death that just occured.This is a gold standard for couch gaming (PC + 4 controllers and friends). I play it frequently with my roommates and it's sometimes fun to not play the game but just watch others instead.Overall, the tight controls and hilarious concept make for a solid game anyone with a history of Smash Bros will love.I have nominated this game for the ""Best Use Of A Farm Animal"" award because no other game can glorify duck violence and get away with it."
76561198116860212,Recommended,312530,27717517,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Derrickniles,Best duck game 7/7
76561198074759023,Recommended,312530,27799002,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MorningBacon,Best local and online arcade shooter you will find anywhere.
,Recommended,312530,27822007,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,<TSB>kweglion,"This is such a good game and I just don't understand why. Maybe it's the BS bounces that sometime occur; maybe it's my lack of skill, but anyway, it is a good game and you should buy it."
76561198070732278,Recommended,312530,27819922,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Damp Squelch,Dis game gud
76561197994334845,Recommended,312530,27781434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,D!llRat,"Just a giant ♥♥♥♥ing goof, A+ game to be honest10/wouldmakea♥♥♥♥♥♥mapagain"
,Recommended,312530,27685567,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Onanymous,Best cybersport indie ever made!!!!
76561198025461887,Recommended,312530,28008950,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zerkon,"Like many others I bought this game thinking it would be a fun game to play with friends a couple times then forget about. It turned out to be legitimately fun as a competitive game, while remaining crazy and wacky. This game has more online replayability than most AAA titles. I have over 150 hours on this game, and that's with pactically no afk time, and it's still just as fun as ever.Spam the quack, friends."
,Recommended,312530,28008953,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Alexander the Persian,"You need friends who have the game too, otherwise it doesn't work.If you do have friends, this game is the randomest yet funnest experience you can have within such a short amount of time. The competitive aspect is real, but so is the random shennanigans the maps provide."
,Recommended,312530,27901135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skippy,last time i had this much fun with ducks i got arrested
,Recommended,312530,27964310,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luffen,Just all-out crazy fun! Couple of friends on the couch and some controllers hooked up - then magic begins!
76561198061432123,Recommended,312530,27447612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snarkwie?,The Oxford dictionary defines game as:[mass noun]Wild mammals or birds hunted for sport or food.You do this.As a duck.This is your life now.10/10
76561198219771839,Recommended,312530,27473342,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TigerStar,"Duck Season all around!With a good connection, you'll roast your friends and rivals with various weapons, wearing the most esqusive of hats!This is an duck-tastic multiplayer, online or offline!"
,Recommended,312530,27469059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,subject F,I can quack all day
,Recommended,312530,27305719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,a cute naked girl,it good
76561198042388827,Recommended,312530,27505767,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♠ Chris ♠,Good
,Recommended,312530,27435190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SteveTheRedSpy,2 much ducking fun.
76561198040510650,Recommended,312530,27434626,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TacticalError,Ducks
,Recommended,312530,27548291,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kelevra7,I have no idea what is going on
,Recommended,312530,27572022,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DoubleARonM,I haven't met a person that played and didn't like this game.
,Recommended,312530,27562072,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gerbies,great game game to play everyone should play it
76561198162662097,Recommended,312530,27399427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ecko,Quaackkk! Quaaack! Baaam Baaam!What else u need?
,Recommended,312530,30930537,Posted: 3 April,all,TheAlphaNugget,Great game for partys if you have enough controllers.(and friends)
76561198123377879,Recommended,312530,27587325,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Potts&Pans,"If you play this game with friends it becomes so much better because of how funny the deaths can be.It looks dumb at first, but trust me, with friends this game because the best thing you can lay with others."
,Recommended,312530,27588631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joxes,ok
,Recommended,312530,27600674,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hoodrat Mills,"Press ""B"" to quack"
,Recommended,312530,27580571,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wipash,Quack quack quack.Quack.Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack!Quac- BOOM
,Recommended,312530,27583139,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Noisyjerman1,"Nominated ""Best Use of a Farm, Animal"""
,Recommended,312530,27584984,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jetblast,10/10 ducks given
,Recommended,312530,27594630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Squid Kid #1,10/10 like♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting but with ducks and now legal.
76561197972208735,Recommended,312530,21008373,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,YaMeZ,"I can't recommend this game enough to anyone that wants a party game. Hook 4 controllers up, have a few people gather around a TV and room will instantly be as loud as a frat house.The game has a very low barrier for entry so even non gamers will be able to get kills and enjoy the game, and seasoned gamers have enough toys to keep things interesting. The rounds are short enough that nobody gets annoyed, so it really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,312530,21005278,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,please don't scream,Buy some friends and buy this game
,Recommended,312530,21002854,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nomaki,"Arguably the most fun local-multiplayer game I've ever played - Somehow clocked so many hours up on a game which continues to cause a room full of shouting, laughter and joy in a series of quick-fire 30 second matches.10/10 Duck Simulator"
76561198021077998,Recommended,312530,21009855,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mr. Fucko,Duck/10 made my grillfriend salty and became my ex-girlfriend. Also a nice way to end a friendship.
,Recommended,312530,21942144,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sp0nska,"QUACK!But seriously, the game is f*cking fantastic and you should really buy it!"
76561198071578472,Recommended,312530,21957266,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Bularvva,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312530,30726494,Posted: 25 March,all,Penumbra,"Way, way, way more fun than you would ever expect. Steep-ish learning curve; start with couch Co-op if you can.My account doesn't show my full play time... Been playing every lunch at work since it came out on the OUYA. Probably have logged 500 hours on other people's accounts.It's got a lot of the appeal of Smash Bros, but is simultaneously more cerebral and more insane.If you like insanity with friends and you aren't going to take it too seriously, you will all love this game."
,Recommended,312530,16905222,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LACTOSE INTOLERANT,Please buy this and play I love you
76561198150244935,Recommended,312530,16888326,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lach,This game is awesome but how do u chose ur hat? wot button?
,Recommended,312530,17022799,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Canis Wuffus,"Throughout the 6 or so hours of engaging in the epic disputes of intense duck on duck on duck on duck action, I've preposed an ample review to say in the least:10/10 would quack again"
,Recommended,312530,17088292,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,☣T0xic_lad☣,this is a very fun creative game get it its at a good price for the graphics and game so get it
76561198002243576,Recommended,312530,17098100,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Manthraxx[DK] (RumGevir),"4 player ""couch"" mp on a projector is tons of fun"
76561197988487527,Recommended,312530,17098510,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AgentX,I love this game! I can play it for hours and most of the glitches make the game more fun!
76561198050857758,Recommended,312530,17099272,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BentGiraffe69,Its like smash bros but ducks and guns.... so its an AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,312530,17100293,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sugary_Andrea,"This is a great party game for you and a group of friends, very fast and addicting. You can even make the ducks go QUACK QUACK QUACK!!! OMG, so much fun!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,17076709,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ZeroMP_,"The game is tons of fun overall, some scenarios in which you can win by not doing anything, but that's part of the game. Wish the online was a bit more stable. 4 host disconnects in a row then a total game crash ended my last session, hopefully later updates improve stability."
76561198082324778,Recommended,312530,17337290,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Shaß,Amazing multiplayer game!!!!!!!
76561197973037073,Recommended,312530,17341038,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ARXON,"2d smash bros-like but more twitchy gameplay, Funny atmosphere. Great with a group of friends"
76561198069468907,Recommended,312530,27374262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Grims,Quack!
,Recommended,312530,27374445,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thebadmeringue,"Fun, fast deathmatch platform gaming, always popular at my place when friends are over.  Haven't played online, I like cursing at people in person better."
,Recommended,312530,27378296,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Everything In Terms Of Doggo,"sit down to play this with friends, it's the best way to, then go over the controls:""a to jump, x to shoot, right bumper to play dead, stick moves, y drops weapon, and press b to quack-""QUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKQUACKone of the most fun things money can buy. everyone's doing crazy tricks, obliterating each other, and laughing their heads off whether or not they're winning. 10/10"
76561198274971669,Recommended,312530,27374758,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dad (With Knuckles),is good
,Recommended,312530,27348020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jackca10,"Quack, what more do I have to say"
,Recommended,312530,27387359,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hogan,"Ducks for ""Best use of farm animals"" Award!"
76561198064617964,Recommended,312530,27388016,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jakeupinfinity,"Action packed, modable, great online, fun challange mode, frog hat :frogzone: ."
76561197971316878,Recommended,312530,27386592,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gizmosan,best 4 player local player!  The egg cannons and then throwing people out of the ring is so much fun!
76561198029988871,Recommended,312530,16752140,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pillar Angel,"Duck game is one of the most fun games I've played in a long time. It is an awesome mix between Hotline Miami and super smash bros. Super quick matches that'll leave you cursing, but also bursting out laughing. Customization is great, online multiplayer is quick, easy, and not buggy. Though the game itself has like two or three bugs in it, they do not distract from the fun, plus they are gretting quick fixes thanks to the games fantastic developer. (Seriosuly, the devleoper is really great. Go find his posts in the forums and see what I mean)."
,Recommended,312530,27386011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wtfkiffer,There is a suicide gun and a dedicated quack button 10/10
,Recommended,312530,27385091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raymu,Ducks are my favorite animal
76561198072121415,Recommended,312530,27380743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aznkalamity,"Duck Game never fails to get a laugh out of me, even when I'm losing.Play with your friends and quack away!"
,Recommended,312530,27372437,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Plank,QUACK!!!
,Recommended,312530,27353230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GhostRaccoon,"Perfect if you want a game where your friends can one-shot you, and immediately start quacking like mad till they die from the mine you dropped at the last second.10/10 would quack again"
76561197978392466,Recommended,312530,20664204,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Killer Squirrel,Quack. That is enuff. !
76561198256426630,Recommended,312530,22784358,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ParteiMögenSein1941,SnatchYoSempaii. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,22784496,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Salad Guy,Awesome party game.
,Recommended,312530,22782434,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,T.Chiccen,halrious game fun to play
,Recommended,312530,22787109,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,p̬͔̥͎͙̮̟e͏̦n̦̜͖g̬͇̘̣͚̜͓s̲̱̻͉u̸,is good
,Recommended,312530,22926919,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Casual Cult,"Stupidly fun game. It has ducks, it has hats, and it has guns. A really fun party game that can get crazy and competitive."
,Recommended,312530,22979180,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Portly McFatter,"There is so much to like about Duck Game, that I'm worried I might forget to mention something here. First and foremost, the gameplay is stellar. The game may look simple, but there are lots of mechanics to master. That said, it's not overbearing in any sense, and after a few games you'll start to feel yourself getting better.4-player is a blast with friends. I've never had someone play the game and say ""eh, that's not for me."" The games themselves are a quick race to 10 wins, with rounds that last around 15 seconds. This gives it one of those ""ok, one more game..."" feels that keeps you playing for longer than you realize.Don't want to play a quick game? Ramp the win condition up to 50 rounds. Tired of the maps? Make your own. There are tons of reasons to keep coming back.Oh, what's that? You don't have any friends to play with? Well play the arcade challenge mode. It's an amazing time as well.A great game. Don't forget to press B to quack."
,Recommended,312530,22909824,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TombstoneDamned33,Quack Quack Quack... Just buy it seriosuly it is that fun with friends.
,Recommended,312530,22656568,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ocelot,Buy this game. *quack*
,Recommended,312530,22684354,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Genesis,A great game to play with friends who enjoy a good laugh.11/10Would quack again.
76561198068222085,Recommended,312530,22682314,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ExtraTHICC,I bought 5 ducks and shot them all to vent how much this game sucks10/10 would kill ducks again
,Recommended,312530,22799360,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Shitty_Noddles,Quake with extra chromosomes10/10would press e to quack again
76561197970686284,Not Recommended,312530,22766028,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Grobörie,"That it is possible to kick players without a big ping, being afk or not playing not actively on purpose to nag other players, is a reason to not buy it.But if you host your own game, the ignorant elitism of wannabe dictators is not visible.Maybe just make it possible to kick players if their ping is high, are not playing for >1min and so on.So, down the toilet with sociopathic people,get some additional maps in the workshop and have a good time wiff diss gaim!Edit:No, no, no. Not recommended if you want a stressless evening.Find game, host is afk. Find new game, same host, same host, same host and I can't choose to not join him.duuuuum"
,Recommended,312530,22799607,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Septamusdave,Fantastic fast-paced couch brawler
,Recommended,312530,22714412,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Tommy,>be in duck game with friends>everyone trying to kill each other except you>you smart>you very smart>see tree>jump in tree>press RB>spam B>wait till everyone else dies>win game
,Recommended,312530,22714485,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bootdog,"Ducks fighting with BFGs and Chainsaws, excellent.This game is a 4 player local/online fighting quick round game, in a 16 bit graphic futuristic year of 1996 ducks duke it out in vitual reality, the essential concept is kill your friends whilst quacking all the way. Highly recommended if you have friends."
76561198074569591,Recommended,312530,22715107,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,-[T]UR'RICK-,"sega saturn controllers, snes controllers, wii u pro controllers, n64 controllers, xbox controllers, the vast variety of controllers and workshop maps and items really adds to the variety the game already offers alone. Games like these should never die out and reminds me a lot of super mario war. Love this game to death. Adult swim has been making pretty good game like that of vulgar. I always had a funny bone for Ducks and this is what I always wanted. Worth every penny and every second. Would Quack again!! xD The nostalgia boner of old school sega genesis and Bit war era. Will always have a soft spot for it over modern games till I die."
,Recommended,312530,16255416,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Xazher,Super Smash Bros with weapons and Instagib modifier from Unreal Tournament.Buy this game!!/thread
76561198134120465,Recommended,312530,16255979,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Don't worry about that,I think this game is garbage....after a few hours of playing I can proudly say...I WAS WRONG!
76561198151996015,Recommended,312530,16256135,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,FearNectar,Quack
,Recommended,312530,16256331,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,B|BStorm,Random and great fun. I would say its bassically its super smash bros but remove the actual combat and just fight with pickups but instagib and tons of weapons.
,Recommended,312530,16256448,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Daniel The Dirty Fecker,"This game is wonderful, the gameplay feels awesome. The highpitched rushed gameplay is nothing short of amazing, it just feels like an amazing experience. Playing with 4 friends is greatly recommended, as the multiplayer is the focus of the game. Only thing I found a little lackluster is the menu system, the music is extremely loud, and you have to jump to the bloody options screen to turn it down. Everything else is just great.9/10 - Great game, worth the price"
,Recommended,312530,16257818,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,GuidedArms,"Frantic, insane, ridiculous, stupid fun!When playing with friends you'll find yourself yelling 80% of the time,and its not uncommon to get watery eyes because of laughing.And even on my own playing online I had a blast, all around a great gaming experience.Y haven't you bought this yet? Do you hate fun?Final rating: quack!"
76561198143306013,Recommended,312530,16768133,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,this_grill_is_on_fire,"If Goat Simulator and Super Smash Bros, had a love child. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,16770683,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KUNOLEO,mlg as ♥♥♥♥.10/10
,Recommended,312530,16838459,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Santiago McRib,It's super fun.
,Recommended,312530,16847969,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,tuto,"It is just TOO FUN!Duck Game is a piece of art when it comes to multi-player. Rounds are fast paced (which the slow-to-react might not like), but it doesn't mean it is not enjoyable. It is flexible. You can choose to play it for fun or for the win, but it is always fun regardless of who won at the end (since there can be draws as well).The weapon vareity summed it with the ammount of maps, means you will very rarely see 2 matches go the same way.YES, there are some latency issues that can occur during the online multi-player aspect, but even then, fun is something that always comes in play and makes your forget.One downside that could be brought up, is that the fact that matches depend on people, and it is so easy to pop-in and pop-out of the game lobby, means that there are a lot of quitters to be met during your game time.I bought the 4-pack of this game and gave it away to 3 of my closest friends, and they love it. We come around to play together whenever we can, and I have never laughed so much in my life at some duck quacking over my own dead duck.The gameplay is varied. Most (if not ALL) aspects of the game take very good design into account. Bullet penetration, boucing factors, ammunition, environment interactions are few of the many things that come into play and vary from map to map and weapon to weapon.Now, the single player, despite being a SERIOUSLY much smaller aspect of the game, is very fun as well. Packed with many different challenges that test your skills in the VERY MANY weapons, environments and features that the game has to offer. From chainsaw-racing, to puzzle-platforming. I personally would enjoy it more if there were many more challenges and hats to be chosen.YES, HATS. There are around 30 hats overall in the game, all of them with their unique aesthetics and their own QUACKING ANIMATION.This game can be easily summed up in being:That riddiculous game, with so deep mechanics, that is the most fun you will have ever had in the least amount of time possible. I dare you to play even 10 minutes of this game without laughing/smiling!"
,Recommended,312530,16849146,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,EduraD,"I went up to grab a pistol, then someone threw a pistol at me then I fell to my death.10/10 Would throw guns at ducks again"
,Recommended,312530,16801109,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ultimatetostada,"By far the greatest game ever made.  Please stop reading this review and purchase the game now so there will be more people playing this game.Fast paced action of the highest quality.  I am a person who primarily likes to play single player games and almost never play multiplayer games, especially if I don't have friends who play multiplayer.  But I am happy to play this game with any group of random people.  The game is so fast paced and exciting that and four people playing the game together will have a blast.  There isn't time for a lot of discussion...  Just laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off and mashing the ""Quack"" button in the very short time between rounds.Please, but this game now and start playing it immediately, because it would be a crime against humanity for this games multiplayer to die out for lack of players. QUACK!"
76561198042013786,Recommended,312530,16804341,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,FerretWithaGun,IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING; BUY IT NOW TO EXPAND IT'S ONLINE LIFESPAN
,Recommended,312530,24285383,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Spaceguy,"It's a really fun game to play with friends, every time I play I always end up laughing so hard."
76561198117713752,Recommended,312530,24266602,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,natebronson,"I love this game. I got it during the Steam Summer Sale in 2015, and I've loved it ever since. Give it a shot! You've gotta think fast! Play a few times, and you'll see some of the better ducks' moves. Just learn, and play. It's sooo Ducking Fun!"
76561198221125680,Recommended,312530,22740472,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Detori,i just cant stop laughing at this game! If you are bored and need something that makes youre day brighter. This game is an absolute. (im not the best at spelling)
76561198003305414,Recommended,312530,24287970,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NnelGdaBandit,It's a quacking good time with friends.
,Recommended,312530,28532564,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Guy In Nail Polish,i have 93 hours send help
,Recommended,312530,22736634,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SmYnteez,Enters game.1) Keeps on playing Target Practice level 12) Gets faster3)Gets Platinum10/10 skillz
,Recommended,312530,18926509,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Temptress Moira,"Whenever I'm having a bad day this is my goto. Great game, never had a dull moment while playing. Lols for days =). Grab your friends and have a great time shooting and quacking at each other."
76561198146454521,Recommended,312530,28007573,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kiba2020,"This game should win Best Use Of Farm Animal no matter what. I mean, Stardew Valley might get above it and people might say that a duck isn't a farm animal, but it is in my book! I will ""quack"" if it loses, so vote for it now!"
,Recommended,312530,28003469,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,crustyburger,Best game with ducks
76561198020013855,Recommended,312530,28477496,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kryshie,Very fun once you get the hang of it! And ofc the quacking on demand is very nice!
,Recommended,312530,28455459,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,tonyantonio,Pretty good sidescrolling shooter with Ducks. The only sidescrolling shooter with Ducks.
76561198038387481,Recommended,312530,16305989,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wrakur,"First of all, this game has a freaking quack button. Bonus points for that.Second of all, this is what you'd get if you combined Towerfall with Smash and added a bunch of whacky items.The game is really fast, each round lasting maybe up to 30 seconds tops (depending on the players of course), and it's what one would call pure gamer's high. 10/10 would recommend to anyone."
76561198057118283,Recommended,312530,16307607,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Oldman,Extremely fun especially with friends. Pure fun for $10.00.
,Recommended,312530,31203465,Posted: 17 April,all,KdsR,"Um dos melhores jogos que se pode jogar com os amigos, com certeza.Muitas horas de diversão, este game lhe garante."
76561198193491219,Recommended,312530,30008953,Posted: 18 February,all,Maxvolcanos,"Cooler than you think!It's basically a multiplayer online game where everyone is a duck..You can make maps..Play other people's maps..Or just play classical maps..You can host games..Join games..And with a maximum of 4 people per game, it's basically just ducks fighting each other to the death with over 20+ guns, tools, items, and you can QUACK, and chat!Good with friends!If you think ducks fighting each other to the death with guns and swords is boring, then look at my hours on this game..What im saying here is..Get the game."
76561198118291435,Recommended,312530,30155073,Posted: 24 February,all,The Dank Duck,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome it brings two things i love together ducks and guns MURICA
,Recommended,312530,30841709,Posted: 30 March,all,Ex-Tyrant,"For me, Duck Game was the straw that broke the diehard-Nintendo-fanboy camel's back. I played this with friends and loved it. It's impossible not to laugh while playing. I'm on a Mac, so when I realized I couldn't play it, I bought a new computer with Duck Game being my main motivation.I've never looked quack."
,Recommended,312530,31385002,Posted: 26 April,all,🐢 RAEST! 🐔,"After playing this game, I find myself trying to quack in other games.Amazing couch party game, but not very exciting on your own. Lots of workshop content can make the weapon and hat selections extreme, and mapmaking can get very fun.This game is as good as it is largely because of the subtle mechanics that lend to a surprisingly high skill cap for such a simple concept."
76561198179153871,Recommended,312530,31421969,Posted: 28 April,all,StarSkillLord,this game is the best i play it alot and i love it
,Recommended,312530,31433707,Posted: 29 April,all,kenshin,buy it
,Recommended,312530,31452302,Posted: 29 April,all,TheFluffZ(#Friends=Family),YES!
,Recommended,312530,31457473,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr.Rainbow,Best game ever!!! lots of lol moment like this one time i was in a custom level and some idiot goes below the map with me and with his rocket launcher shoots the ground above him and all the lava that the ground was holding fell on him and killed him XD!!! Me and my bud where laghing so hard we could barely breath (well thats under exaggeration)!!! its the best fun i have had since i was 6 boght this like 15 hours ago and i already have 13 hours. if i had to go on a diet of only 1 videogame i would pick this game!!! OVER 9000/10 would buy 40 times more!!!
,Recommended,312530,31464362,Posted: 30 April,all,BoomKarang,Bar none the best simulated duck combat game
,Recommended,312530,31444674,Posted: 29 April,all,DramaticDelta,"This game is absolutely amazing. the depth in the combat takes it from feeling pretty random when you loose or win, to feeling very skill based. there are so many things to master in this game, I've personally specialized myself in grenade timing, but others are adept at swords, which I can barely understand.Really awesome to play with friends."
76561198060819346,Recommended,312530,31445244,Posted: 29 April,all,Xaltric,"Having put an hour of play time I now understand every negative review (the few that there are) that this game has recieved.(EDIT: I retract this statement, it would appear the only people who review this game negatively are the ones who only played for a couple minutes and got mad they weren't instantly amazing at it)the controls are clustered and atypical, you can't set your own key bindings(EDIT: you can in fact change the controls from the main menu in the upper left hand corner, I don't know what lazy kids said you can't edit key bindings), the controls aren't explained to you when you start, the action is chaotic and hard to follow...but all the people who left negative reviews (most of whom didn't even bother putting in a full hour of play time before complaining) didn't realize that these are the features that make this game phenominal!This game had me laughing and wanting to jump out of my seat, the multiplayer is addictive and fun, and how many games have a QUACK button?10/10 you should play it and not ♥♥♥♥♥ about it until you put in more than 20 minutes.P.S. if you would like to avoid the frustration of not being used to the controls I'd advise playing through parts of the arcade before you jump into online play."
,Recommended,312530,31457784,Posted: 30 April,all,Totodile,"I very enjoy this game. Fun, funny and pixel game. I hope add more than 4 player and add something activity in lobby while waiting someone join a lobby."
,Recommended,312530,31406382,Posted: 27 April,all,Aldo the Apache,Every bit as fun as the Grumps made it look. Would play errday.
,Recommended,312530,16536753,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,dylanmosconov.545,OKLISTENIT'S A GAME ABOUT GOD DAMN DUCKS.QUACKINSHOOTINAND KILLIN EACHOTHERWHAT MORE COULD YOU WANT!!!
,Recommended,312530,31472149,Posted: 30 April,all,Aggro,quack
,Recommended,312530,31471847,Posted: 30 April,all,‡[EG4L]‡ Tpicoo,this game is fun and halarious the level making is amazing too!
,Recommended,312530,31473067,Posted: 30 April,all,Gobab,"Surprisingly well made for a simple platform shootery mini episodic thing. Has single player, workshop support, easily moddable, and comes with a level editor.13 dollars can be quite steep for one copy, but the four pack at 40 dollars is a good price. When it goes on sale, that's even better.It also has a dedicated quacking button and a ragdoll button."
,Recommended,312530,31475214,Posted: 30 April,all,Mettaton the EX,DUCKS!!! GUNS!!! AWESOME!!! BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,312530,17749338,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Bumpadump,"Quacking SimulatorAlso has weapons, arenas, a duck version of John Madden, and hats.So, basically, its TF2 with ducks."
,Recommended,312530,17542771,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gravewish,"Best Party Game ever. If you like something like Super Smash Bros, then you'll absolutely love this."
,Recommended,312530,17545210,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,One Dank Meme,Brilliant... never wil there be a game better than this.
,Recommended,312530,17545217,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,Dating sim worthy
76561198127655476,Recommended,312530,17546827,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,⧉,"YOUR FRIENDS WILL FLIP-FLOP FAST WHEN FACING TROUBLE.FACE FAST AND FURIOUS FREE-FOR-ALL BOUTS, SEPERATING THE FORMIDABLE FROM THE FRAUDULENT.GOOD LUCK!"
,Recommended,312530,17549594,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Berserker,"Could not find a game server, But still fun quaking around.11/10Would wait forever again. ;-;"
,Recommended,312530,17699901,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,veryLazyChuckle,quack
,Recommended,312530,17703659,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Poltfan,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,17706097,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,JoshWBMA,Quack
,Recommended,312530,31660262,Posted: 9 May,all,Jingle's Jangles,best party game on PC
76561198119187053,Recommended,312530,31660691,Posted: 10 May,all,Heathcliff,So simple....yet so perfect
,Recommended,312530,31690499,Posted: 11 May,all,ApansmileyTriceps,Best 4 player game ever
,Recommended,312530,31734011,Posted: 13 May,all,Legend,"I have had so much fun with this game.It is required that you play with friends so i highly recomend the 4 pack. this game will give you and your friends hours of enjyoment and laughs, but it does get repetitive over time.recomendedgamepaly: 7/10story: N/Agraphics: 5overall: 7/10"
,Recommended,312530,31739210,Posted: 13 May,all,dade,Just buy it for you and three friends. It's worth it.
,Recommended,312530,31694734,Posted: 11 May,all,Twitch.tv/VybeWolf,10/10 everybody i play with think im hacking xD
76561198048379514,Recommended,312530,31669346,Posted: 10 May,all,Chris,"Duck Game is an awesome little title.It is fast, the weapons are quite varied and it is ridiculously funny if played together with friends.The local coop makes for a nice drinking game if you have a few friends over.In short, my friends and I love this game, 6/5, would recommend!"
76561198127023219,Recommended,312530,31751635,Posted: 14 May,all,Avizzo,This game is the best thing since canned bread.
76561198358154097,Recommended,312530,31832126,Posted: 18 May,all,Skeliken,"One of the most entertaining games I've played in a long time. I'm racking up hours FAST! I highly recommend this to anyone who likes fast paced, and somewhat confusing games."
76561198053347613,Recommended,312530,31790250,Posted: 16 May,all,ben,Ducking Excellent!
,Recommended,312530,31864462,Posted: 20 May,all,NeVeX,Best Quack out there
,Recommended,312530,31900899,Posted: 22 May,all,ZDanielHallG,Incredibly fun and charming however beginner vs expierenced player is super one sided.
76561198114821867,Recommended,312530,31964994,Posted: 25 May,all,DinoQueen,It's a game about Ducks with guns. Do I need to say more?(Most fun when you can play with friends)
,Recommended,312530,31989146,Posted: 26 May,all,ϟFlash Gordonϟ,quack
76561198056582136,Recommended,312530,31986722,Posted: 26 May,all,Zyryd,quack
,Recommended,312530,17864566,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Hugs,"I'll sing you a story of a duckA duck whose name is Alfred KwakYes, Alfred Jonathan KwakHe comes from a lovely little townA lovely town in WaterlandWhere life is grandDipping bobbing divingAlfred is always strivingHe seldom wears a frownYou'll never keep a good duck down"
,Recommended,312530,31492646,Posted: 1 May,all,Prostate Infection,"Wow, I am amazed at how ♥♥♥♥ing great this game is, like most people when I looked at the price tag I thought ""$13 for another gimmicky retro smash brothers rip off"" but I still bought it and tricked a few friends into buying it aswell. This game is intense, rounds end in a matter of seconds and if you're planning on playing online you really need a fast hand, there are around 20 or so rounds in one game(which can be changed by the host) and they go by very fast and by the end of each one you'll be sweating. While luck does somewhat play into if you win a round or not (weapon placements etc.) a skilled player will beat a noobish one no matter where they spawn, the level design for the most part is solid and some maps are really well made. You can play this game with a controller if you wish, and if you want to stick with M&KB all keys can be rebinded, split screen did take a little while to figure out though with a controller. Overall this game is %100 worth the $13 and I reccommend that anyone who is a fan of the smash brothers games or it's copycats should get this game."
,Recommended,312530,32012484,Posted: 27 May,all,Kentucky Fried Rum,Duck Dodgers: The Video Game
,Recommended,312530,32078822,Posted: 30 May,all,STANNIS BARATHEON,This is in fact the best game to play with friends or as a party game.You'll have a blast.I cannot recommend this game any more to anybody...The ladies love it.11/10 WILL get you laid on first date
,Recommended,312530,17918323,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,OneCrazyPerson,I really think that Duck game should start having a Rank or a leveling system more like a level one like every game or arcade you win you get XP to level up I mean that will be pretty fun. :steamhappy:
,Recommended,312530,26690849,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,def,Mom's spaghettiquack quack quack
76561198039372315,Recommended,312530,26725381,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Noid,best
,Recommended,312530,27111381,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,what? i only see ******,Buy the four pack even if you only need one because this guy deserves it.
,Recommended,312530,27110498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WolfRam,Very good game. Both single or multiplayer are fun
,Recommended,312530,27107791,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BOBO,"So I never heard of this game until I watched a trailer one day. I was skeptical only because there are so many games like this now, but boy, was I wrong. This game is sooooo fun, especially with friends. I have friends who wanted to play again and again to get revenge on what happened last game. A must buy for anyone who is contemplating on purchasing this game."
76561198261707986,Recommended,312530,27144478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShaharWeizman,"Really fun  if you play with a friend and download mods, if you dont have any friends and just want it for singleplayer. go and meet some new people."
76561198131516570,Recommended,312530,27171082,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Truwer,"Very Very and again... VERY funny game! I like this Fu.. I mean Duck Game, is very cool and great to play with friends.I spend a lot of time to it with my friend Roman, and It worth it. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,30932260,Posted: 3 April,all,alex ~(˘▾˘~),uh eh
,Recommended,312530,27173859,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheDR,It's a blast with friends online. Make sure you check out the steam workshop for a seemingly unlimited selection of maps.
,Recommended,312530,27175111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Avanero csoffer.me,"Best game ever to play with friends, 100% recomended"
,Recommended,312530,27178518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,An abstract cat,is there anything that can possibly be said about this game
,Recommended,312530,28089832,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VocalizedGlobe4,"Wow, just... Wow <3"
,Recommended,312530,28198647,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jay,neato
76561198026629144,Recommended,312530,28239914,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Мастер Кеноби,"My friends and I all got pro at DG and now it's a ritual, almost as if we have been converted to the Church of Duck lmao"
,Recommended,312530,28413507,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Evelynn,I scream as special sauce flies from my mouth.
,Recommended,312530,28396968,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NornRuler,"Came into the game expecting a cheap, semi-decent indie game, was completely shocked at how fun it is.  While much of the multiplayer gameplay is a little campy and often times about what items you get, the quick and intuitive gameplay make up for that.  It's easy to make a 4 player game and online, no additional drivers are needed and it it fairly idiot proof.  The single player is fairly decent, racing against time to complete challenges, but the reason I would buy this is for multiplayer.  Also, MOD SUPPORT!  While in multiplayer everyone needs to have the mods, I love it when games use the steam workshop for multiplayer online games.  Buy it on sale and you'll get a solid, fun multiplayer game that should keep you entertained for several hours."
,Recommended,312530,26021328,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Excalibur,"I got this game after watching jacksepticeye play it. That was a good decision on my part! I got the game and I was immediatly hooked. It is also WAY more fun than i expected(of course there are always those occasional jerks who come around, as with any game). On a scale of 1-10 I would probably give it a 100! I reccomend this game to everyone but mainly gamers who play for fun!!!Overall: on a scale of 1-10, its a 100000000000000000 in my opinion!"
,Recommended,312530,28173220,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Freezy,Great game but needs more players. It is kinda like super smash bros but with alot of weapons and strategies.
76561198085323294,Recommended,312530,28346789,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,FagMuffins,pop it on with a friend or 4 and have a great time:)
,Recommended,312530,28297713,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,squidinator,There is a button for quaking.11/10
76561198180430615,Recommended,312530,28318911,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Krawken,"People should play this game for multiple reasons. The first one would be i have no friends that play this game (add me please.) The second one would be that its an amazing game, fast paced, action packed, ducks, guns, instruments, and so much more. i admire the creators of this game, its an amazing idea. The last reason ill mention (there are more but i cant cover them) is the....................................................................QUACKING!"
,Recommended,312530,28282820,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Yee,"No regrets, Duck Life!"
76561198247849902,Recommended,312530,28282137,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shrek The African Champion,I spent 90% of my hours laughing. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,312530,28299924,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,$tretch That Money,One of the best local multiplayer PC games out there. Tons of fun.10/10 because I enjoy killing my friends with giant lasers.
,Recommended,312530,28300341,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Supreme,Quack
76561198301870238,Recommended,312530,28300880,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,{SICK} ShadowThePybroJawa,goood game but there are WAY TOO MANY HACKERS on the loose in this game please add a vac to this game
,Recommended,312530,28280327,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,HutchTheKitty,It's Like Team Fortress 2 had a baby with Terraria and Adult Swim watched.
76561198111943755,Recommended,312530,27851043,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CasualgamerFinn,"Duck Game is the perfect game to casually play with your friends. Its pick-up-and-play nature makes Duck Game easy to approach, yet the game has a plethora of small features and mechanics that add a level of competiveness to the mix. What starts off as a chaotic party game slowly develops into a fast-paced esport-ish pastime as you play.Also, you can quack for added immersion."
76561198060287741,Recommended,312530,27857485,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Keanu,Never give a duck a rocket launcher.
,Recommended,312530,27786029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Distant Waves,"One of my favorite multiplayer party games. Super fun with 3-4 people and some Xbox gamepads. It's such a seemingly simple game on the surface, but after playing it for a while you begin to pick up on the nuances and figure out how to be an efficient killing machine."
76561198094260087,Recommended,312530,27849669,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Good Old Call,BEST USE OF FARM ANIMALS
,Recommended,312530,27852776,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gang Orca,"Really fun and really addicting. Even though it is such a simple game, I've found myself playing it with my friends for hours on end."
,Recommended,312530,32138142,Posted: 2 June,all,Stoovan,Quak8/10
76561198144992228,Recommended,312530,33137334,Posted: 2 July,all,Syncrom,This game is fun.
,Recommended,312530,33145246,Posted: 2 July,all,superz33212,Like having fun with your friends? Well you avent till you played duck game with them.
76561198367570313,Recommended,312530,33145936,Posted: 2 July,all,Old Salty Taco,fun game for party
76561198253696534,Recommended,312530,33112932,Posted: 1 July,all,Dogeturky,is Gud
76561198049026136,Recommended,312530,33208669,Posted: 3 July,all,CMan400,"QUACK QUACK QUACK, queck quack queck, QUACK QUACK!!!!!"
,Recommended,312530,33143642,Posted: 2 July,all,MrSwissCheese,Good game to play with some friends
,Recommended,312530,33196024,Posted: 3 July,all,bloxman1991,this game is GREAT to play with friendsbut everyone gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easily xD
76561198073236550,Recommended,312530,17257341,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Genesius,10/10 would senpai wink again.
76561198230600712,Recommended,312530,33242705,Posted: 4 July,all,protonfrog,its at its best when played with friends
76561198046884660,Recommended,312530,27460719,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✞ Curry Boy,BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
,Recommended,312530,33217938,Posted: 3 July,all,ItzFlame,Can't get enough of this game!
,Recommended,312530,33232533,Posted: 4 July,all,XFincoX,"Great game , only if you are a person who its really competitive and an avid learner , this game is awesome still is not for those who can keep going when they lose."
,Recommended,312530,31031134,Posted: 8 April,all,$wag Ma$ter,its TYHE BESD'ZXH
,Recommended,312530,28773633,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,tomfino,"A little overpriced. Not that many full servers. But when you play it, you realize, ""THIS IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING WORTH IT"". 17/10"
76561198074040432,Recommended,312530,30010328,Posted: 18 February,all,Bruhndon™,Great with friends
76561198125030568,Recommended,312530,29658670,Posted: 2 February,all,Mbwa Mashoga,10/10 Its more fun with friends.
76561198142184075,Recommended,312530,29659464,Posted: 2 February,all,RAF3,"Admittedly, I don't play this game often.  It's one of those that I'll hop on from time to time with friends and just have some fun.  When I do play, I absolutely love it.  It's silly, it's a shooter, there are cool mechanics to the weapons, and once again, it's silly.  There's something to be said for being able to kill a duck, pick up its body, throw it off the map, and quack an annoying amount to gloat.  If you were on the fence about buying this, I'd say go for it.  If you were considering playing with some close friends, I'd say why are you still reading my review and not playing with them?!"
,Recommended,312530,29661237,Posted: 2 February,all,Duck on the Buck,it good
76561197970446224,Recommended,312530,29694349,Posted: 4 February,all,Chris,A great local multiplayer game!
76561198119751279,Recommended,312530,29596657,Posted: 30 January,all,Xanadu,"Literally the greatest game on steam. Gameplay: 10/10. Aesthetics: 10/10. Explosions and torched ducks: 10/10. In the age where couch co-op has gone to the wayside, this game is a refreshing reminder of byegone days. Grab some friends and murder each other."
76561198074030960,Recommended,312530,29618067,Posted: 31 January,all,Zorin,STFU BEACH DUCK GAME!
76561198084640729,Recommended,312530,18846830,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,sly dino,An amazing game!
76561198174954709,Recommended,312530,29832739,Posted: 10 February,all,[Dogey] toxic_gamin,please help me i love this game so much but now when it reaches loading levels just keeps crashing over an over again i tried to uninstall it and it didnt work what should i do?!?!?
,Recommended,312530,29907855,Posted: 13 February,all,b7,"Great couch party game.One of my personal favorites.Great gameplay, super fun and great music."
76561198173559098,Recommended,312530,29849714,Posted: 11 February,all,Lemony Snicket,great game if you want to play something with your friends and just want to screw around. you will certainly get some good laughs out of this
76561198142404498,Recommended,312530,29881948,Posted: 12 February,all,Snap Feather,bees trees
,Recommended,312530,29905210,Posted: 13 February,all,Fruity ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I quacked alot and smashed some glass.Then I came home and played duckgame, would reccomend."
76561198034639521,Recommended,312530,29906901,Posted: 13 February,all,The Wok,Quack
76561198340224534,Recommended,312530,29909670,Posted: 13 February,all,Dark Dimentio,An overall great experiance for multiplayer
76561197966341665,Recommended,312530,29771195,Posted: 7 February,all,Dez,"Overall great arcade/party game with 3 friends on the couch or vs online players. In addition, workshop content (maps) keep the game fresh!Note: Playing this game via Steamlink and (xbox) controllers on a TV."
76561198025309550,Recommended,312530,29768823,Posted: 7 February,all,StarlessPilot,"Really great game. Brilliant multiplayer and easy to pick up. Multiplayer is great with local friends, but is really good online too. Single player challenges aren't a spot on the multiplayer, but who cares when the multiplayer is this good?Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,312530,29752331,Posted: 6 February,all,Rosa,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameif you have friends introduce them to this game, if they like it then prepare for hours of fun.if you don't have friends well... the online is not garbage, I guess.the mod support is beautiful though"
,Recommended,312530,28846935,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,≈ 1.616229(38)×10^(−35) m,10/10 crazy multiplayer
,Recommended,312530,28674487,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SMURG-11,Awesome and fun to play when a bunch of friends are over at my house on my Steam Link. This is also ridiculously fun with a couple friends playing a private match online. Well worth the money I paid for it on a 40% sale.
76561198272065188,Recommended,312530,28851806,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Xtra_Dip,ehhhhhhh thats pretty gud
76561198184740626,Recommended,312530,28862554,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,{SSS}Nator37,This is a fun game with or without friends(better with friends trust me)
76561198174399829,Recommended,312530,29116698,Posted: 8 January,all,Mista_J,"Duck Game is a great couch party game that will ruin and strengthen friendships at the same time. Even when someone is completely destroying everyone else the entire room will have a blast and I've yet to see an argument arise whilst playing. With a fun soundtrack, tight controls, and unlockable heads and gameplay modifiers, I'm sure everyone in your group will keep coming back for more. 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,29167135,Posted: 10 January,all,ian0,this game is holyget it
76561198167721795,Recommended,312530,28471446,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BladeKing32,"Duck Game is a really fun game i love playing it. I play all the time ,but i have a question i made a background and placed the stuff i wanted to for the custom map and when i played it, it was just the background. Hope the creators can get a hold of me or maybe i am doing something wrong. But overall its still a fun game"
,Recommended,312530,29171965,Posted: 10 January,all,Grow-Pot-Kin,"Press B to quack, best game mechanic ever 10/10"
,Recommended,312530,26724063,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bob Evans (Alex),Fun with friends.
76561198334659287,Recommended,312530,29153523,Posted: 9 January,all,ThatOneGamer65,Really fun fast pace game Im not good at it but or have any friends to play with but it's still fun.
,Recommended,312530,29152179,Posted: 9 January,all,Camwyo,"This game is amazing to play with friends, but still great when playing online."
76561198314152023,Recommended,312530,29152408,Posted: 9 January,all,justICE6969,If you have friends and time you will love this game
,Recommended,312530,29092799,Posted: 7 January,all,The_Blahblahblah,"Super fun casual multiplayer game. 4 player (both local and online) multiplayer makes the game ideal for couch gaming. Controller is very much recommended for the full experience but it is, however, possible to use keyboard. If you are into fun and simple competitive gaming this retro platform game is a must-have.The game is still in development so there are glitches and bugs, but very few gamebreaking bugs.★★★★☆"
,Recommended,312530,17022008,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rawket,quack.
76561198247423176,Recommended,312530,29111285,Posted: 8 January,all,Zacharias,"this game is so much fun, i highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,312530,29101068,Posted: 7 January,all,twitch.tv/mraukat,Set ur ping to min 300msHost a serverHope that someone joinsPlay with themHope they don't ragequitThis is how you win in this game
76561198212930961,Recommended,312530,29099696,Posted: 7 January,all,SuperMagicPencil CSGOGEM.COM,"Dispite Getting destroyed by my friends for 3 hours, once i learned how to play it got vastly more fun.7/10 steep learning curve"
,Recommended,312530,29257303,Posted: 14 January,all,TheWombatCombat,Super fun with friends and mods 10/10 Good game trust meh its a Golden Game one of the best games on Steam and the price is so low
,Recommended,312530,31060235,Posted: 10 April,all,a blender,"if you like super smash bros, this game is for you"
76561198354816098,Recommended,312530,29280643,Posted: 15 January,all,Warriors | Quagsire92,aveses se sale cuando instalo algun mod desde el prpio steam
,Recommended,312530,30095020,Posted: 22 February,all,Pixik,"This game is some of the most fun I've had with friends locally and online in a very long time. It's incredibly faced paced with lots of neat little tricks to learn to give you the edge.I feel for the most part the game is very well balanced and the weapon choices out of the box are plenty to keep you engaged.The workshop support sold the game to me with its insane amount of hats, levels and new weapon packs to make the game even more insane.The net code for online play is also pretty decent and so far I've not felt at a disadvantage because of lag.Absolutely recommended."
76561198087890652,Recommended,312530,30092588,Posted: 21 February,all,Mr. Help,gud
,Recommended,312530,30124498,Posted: 23 February,all,Knives,10/10 lol moy fun
,Recommended,312530,30022003,Posted: 18 February,all,TheMiceDice,Very fun! I can play his game for hours and it is still fun! This game is better when you have a group of friends of four or four friends that have this game.
76561198354357380,Recommended,312530,28942541,Posted: 2 January,all,Moge. hellcase.com,"This is a great game to play with friends or even your siblings. I especially love some of the mods, it keeps me still into the game and I think it will be a treasure that lasts for a long time."
76561198018723519,Recommended,312530,30043659,Posted: 19 February,all,Focus83,"Undoubtedly one of the most fun, absurd and frenetic local multiplayer games I've played in a long time. Worth every penny, fun to play between 3 or 4 friends is almost unlimited. Constantly creating new random levels, with a great variety of weapons to burst out laughing. Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,312530,30077775,Posted: 21 February,all,ｓｍｙｔｈｅ,Too many ducks
,Recommended,312530,30123320,Posted: 23 February,all,baKa,"Brilliant. Awesome sound tracks, challenging arcade mode. And best of all, the multiplayer. 10/10 would spam quack again"
76561198277714086,Recommended,312530,30089239,Posted: 21 February,all,amndrros,LOVE IT!!!
,Not Recommended,312530,22750165,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bigsnax,add goku to the game and maybe then it will be good
,Recommended,312530,29567605,Posted: 29 January,all,Hordnok,kill yourself Aku you overweight pile of Draket
76561198121559406,Recommended,312530,29464605,Posted: 24 January,all,cash money,This is the most fun i ever had with friends  in my opinion.OBJECTIVE-Get a gun.Find a diffrent color duckShoot itQuack
76561198128566966,Recommended,312530,29419437,Posted: 22 January,all,Robeery,fun with friends
,Recommended,312530,29470471,Posted: 24 January,all,Snibster,Nice game to mess around with. The map maker is easy to use even without a tutorial. this game is just fun.
76561198354191289,Recommended,312530,29452693,Posted: 23 January,all,NinjaStarParty,"it is really worth it for local fun, but if u buy this for yourself it's not fun"
76561198043046260,Recommended,312530,29452954,Posted: 23 January,all,Eliot_Thib,"I play with a controller that has a built in turbo function, the only button I use it for is Quack. Quack. Quack.... Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack.Best party game I've ever played."
,Recommended,312530,29451474,Posted: 23 January,all,Kill all men,good
,Recommended,312530,29392156,Posted: 20 January,all,Blargheon,"How to play this game:1. Get friends (probably the hardest step)2. Buy the 4-pack3. Enjoy the multiplayer mayhem.Duck game is a really great game, I recommend this infinitely, it is hours upon hours of fun with friends. Never gets old."
,Recommended,312530,29435028,Posted: 22 January,all,Chub Deebo,gang game
76561198207519731,Recommended,312530,29429794,Posted: 22 January,all,ILiekTurtles,Fun to play with friends locally very good game
,Recommended,312530,29599819,Posted: 30 January,all,maC,10/10 this game made me cry cause i was laughing so hard.
,Recommended,312530,29633589,Posted: 1 February,all,Halakaj,"This game controls poorly and has stupid mechanics that are frustrating. The game barely offers any single player experience, it is only good once played with friends.Which basically makes it the best game ever. All the dumbness, the shoot and pick up button being so close, from glitchy maps, it's so crazy and an apsolute blast to play with friends. I would recommend this game to anyone, I havent laughed as hard in a while as I did playing this game and failing to throw my friend off the roof of a building over and over again."
,Recommended,312530,29347780,Posted: 18 January,all,Kell,"Amazing game, highly reccomended.Also, there is a quack button.Enough said."
76561198081402018,Recommended,312530,29342334,Posted: 18 January,all,A Territorial Turtle,"A little bit easy, but still amazingly fun.9/10 the difficulty being weird, with gold challenges being almost impossible, and everything else being super easy."
76561198042951349,Recommended,312530,29369303,Posted: 19 January,all,AirMan121,"If you like ducks this game is for you.  If you don't like ducks this game is still for you.  Point is this game is a fantastic game to simply pick up and play with a group of friends or strangers.  It can get pretty chaotic, and has tons of wonderful moments where all you can do is just scratch your head in amazement."
,Recommended,312530,29365608,Posted: 19 January,all,Log,Quack.
,Recommended,312530,29343546,Posted: 18 January,all,//FIXMESTEVE:,2D deathmatch excellenceDon't ♥♥♥♥ with ducks
,Recommended,312530,29304699,Posted: 16 January,all,HydroFall,"This game is amazing! It is one of the best games I have played, and I would play it again!"
,Recommended,312530,29303723,Posted: 16 January,all,Professional Professional,this is a good game. when i play it my weewee makes weewee milk
,Recommended,312530,29307064,Posted: 16 January,all,Dragon,Classic-style multiplayer action game. Run and gun fellow ducks with crazy weapons and guns. Requires split-second accuracy and decision-making. Great fun with friends- if you have any.
,Recommended,312530,29291510,Posted: 16 January,all,Fart,Violently murder your friends simulator. Totally worth full price.
,Recommended,312530,29294705,Posted: 16 January,all,spaghetti stan,yeah ♥♥♥♥ing sick get the 4 pack though its not that fun without friends imo
,Recommended,312530,32449118,Posted: 15 June,all,Oskis,10/10 would not buy again
,Recommended,312530,25939908,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LouisDPenguin,Duck game is quack tastic.  Definatly a favorite!
76561198075592339,Recommended,312530,17016252,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Max,excellent and fun game for friends but need to do more masks.
,Recommended,312530,32463180,Posted: 15 June,all,peytoneli,"I play this game all the time at couch parties, it's a blast, especially when everyone is the same skill level. We all learned the tricks together, and there are great moments all the time. Great game, would highly recommend."
76561198355949231,Recommended,312530,32466893,Posted: 16 June,all,PICKLE RICK,fun
76561198134687290,Recommended,312530,32456527,Posted: 15 June,all,Dio,Addictive.
,Recommended,312530,32493738,Posted: 16 June,all,Wild-Turtle,decent game needs more players though
,Recommended,312530,32495440,Posted: 16 June,all,bones,"Futuristic gladitorial combat in the year of 1984 between humanoid ducks with a strong desire that can only be sated by DUCK GAME: killing eachother in the great struggle for fame, wealth, and most importantly; GLORY."
76561198188826670,Recommended,312530,32492487,Posted: 16 June,all,(PΙєдsє Єитєґ Памє,so freaking good will recomend to everyone if u like mayhem and choas and ducks might want to download mods to make it funner also custom maps
76561198219485192,Recommended,312530,32544022,Posted: 18 June,all,MelonFox,DRAGON PLS BUY
,Recommended,312530,32171438,Posted: 4 June,all,~NYCTO~ NyctoDarkMatter,I used to be an adventurer like you.Then I found Duck Game on Steam.10/10 Would retire again.
,Recommended,312530,32668373,Posted: 22 June,all,Widow Main,"Ingredients:1) 2 cups Flour2) 1/2 cup Sugar3) 1/4 teaspoon Salt4) 2 sticks (1 Cup) Salted Butter, Cut Into Small Cubes5) Filling6) 1-1/2 cup Sugar7) 1/4 cup Flour8) 4 whole Large Eggs9) Zest And Juice Of 4 Medium-sized Lemons10) Powdered Sugar, For SiftingDirections:1. For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan with butter.2. Stir together the flour, sugar, and salt. Add the butter to the bowl and use a pastry cutter to cut it all together until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Press into the prepared pan and bake until golden around the edges, about 20 minutes.3. For the filling: Stir together the sugar and flour. Crack in the eggs and whisk to combine. Add the lemon zest and juice and mix until combined. Pour over the crust and bake about 20 minutes.4. Allow to cool in the fridge for a minimum of 2 hours, then sift powdered sugar over the top before cutting into squares.(Use an 8 x 10 pan if you'd like the layers to be a little thicker.)"
76561198083492734,Recommended,312530,30971962,Posted: 5 April,all,Harold Holt Reborn,">Playing with a friend> Quack at each other menacingly> we both are ready to fire our guns> Friend Quacks> I quack back> we drop our weapons> run into room with drums, saxaphone and guitar> Play some sweet duck music with added quacks> mash quack button while playing>friend pulls out flamethrower and burns down me and my drums>10/10 would ruin friendship again"
,Recommended,312530,32648680,Posted: 22 June,all,Evolvis,"Ducks. Guns. Platforms. Ragdoll. 2D. Hats. Maps.AMAZING!It's simple to learn the basics and have fun. There are things that are harder to learn, like going higher in the sky with a shotgun or a gun that can push people backwards. Lot of different guns, maps, and ,the most important, HATS! The hats are a good thing when your duck is naked, plus, the fact that you can create some and download some is amazing."
,Recommended,312530,21924815,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hagrid's Bowsack,What's there not to love?1: It's absolute duck carnage with crazy♥♥♥♥♥weapons and 'wonderful' environments.2: Best played with 3 friends for ultimate enjoyment.3: It doesn't ruin friendships half as fast as other party games such as Mario Party 39Would reccomend so more people can get wrecked by myself online.9.3/10
,Recommended,312530,32453110,Posted: 15 June,all,DarthDinkelbrot,"I love this game. Since i started playing it, i nearly played it every day. The Online Mode is extremely fun, even if frustrating sometimes and the offline Mode is pretty good if you can't find a game. The biggest Problem are a few bugs, nothing game breaking, but frustrating in online play and the online mode hasn't so many people on it, sometimes even no online game at all open for a extended period of time. But you can find Games and if you do, it's fun as hell. The controls feel right and after a bit of training, you fly over the map, reacting in split-second time and feeling like a goddamn bad♥♥♥♥♥Duck. I had no Idea i would love this Game so much, but i'm really glad i bought it."
,Recommended,312530,32834452,Posted: 26 June,all,Juggernought,One of the most fun platformers I have ever played.
,Recommended,312530,32847672,Posted: 27 June,all,dillondakuyoung,good gammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
76561198210972260,Recommended,312530,32504690,Posted: 17 June,all,Kruksy,"This is a very fun game to play with friends and just get some quick action packed matches in, but you should know that there is not tons of content, so if you are looking for something that is going to last you this is not the game."
,Recommended,312530,29811908,Posted: 9 February,all,ItzAnantha,"i had 30 hours in a cracked version, and decided to buy it to add 60 more hours..... i rate this game 10/10. no joke-cons:......nothing.....i'm not joking-pros: level design is amazing, its made specifically to have hilarious moments, workshop, tons of weapons and maps and4 PLAYER LOCAL/ONLINE COOP. but u can 8 coop with mods-if u got a few controllers and friends, buy this game. the price is really good"
76561198161496930,Recommended,312530,29807532,Posted: 9 February,all,chubaka,the best game in the world!!!
76561198261016626,Recommended,312530,23411055,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dabutter,"If ducks picked up guns and killed all humans, then proceed to get bored and have death games this would be the death game part. hectic gameplay which is very fast pace is what makes this game competitive and fun but most of it comes from the fact that your a duck. With a gun. enough said. buy the game"
,Recommended,312530,31077391,Posted: 11 April,all,Turd King,Best couch co-op battle arena game that features ducks and hat. EVER. Period.
76561198076623119,Recommended,312530,31104002,Posted: 12 April,all,Wyatt_Hicks,♥♥♥♥ you all
,Recommended,312530,31103513,Posted: 12 April,all,Sayger,"Pros:-Quack Button with pitch control.-Hats, lots of 'em !-You can faint death.-Duck firing with AK-47-Fire and KFC ads-Quack underwater.-Moonwalking-Goofy sliding shots-Flowers-Wolololo AoE weapon-Awesome level design for official levels-Level editor for awesome not official levels-WOAH ! UR THE BEST-Trumpet-Mods !!Cons:-There is never enough weapons.-There is never enough hats.-Online might get you to listen to some psycho music for a bit longer than expected7.8/10 - Too Much Quack"
76561197980901776,Recommended,312530,16757570,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ruby Pink,"Get some friends, get some popcorn, have fun...also quack.(PS: Needs better tutorial)"
,Recommended,312530,30976320,Posted: 6 April,all,8rdinaryXOGD nosound,Absolutely awful arcade machine mode is basicly a fbking anal r@pe which is mandatory if you want modifiers for your game with friends.Everything else is just fine.
76561198004493283,Recommended,312530,30266047,Posted: 1 March,all,tentacruel,"It's the crack cocaine of multiplayer shooters. This game is so fast paced sometimes I have no idea who did what or where. The levels are amazingly varied, the weapons have intricate and unique mechanics, and the customization is hilarious. Really great, really addictive."
76561198056714972,Recommended,312530,30066489,Posted: 20 February,all,The Onyx Master,"One of the greatest games of all time, reminds me a lot of street fighter and old school mortal combat"
76561198085073958,Recommended,312530,30184283,Posted: 25 February,all,NavyDwarf,thank you think mostly fun
76561198153856034,Recommended,312530,30172755,Posted: 25 February,all,MrCaden,"The best party game I have ever played. Great to play online, and even better to play with friends. This game is just a gift that keeps on giving with new guns, maps, and hours of fun to be had."
,Recommended,312530,30250986,Posted: 28 February,all,"Shank, Shank, Shank...",Game about ducksAlready best game everDucks shooting each other in the face with giant f*cking guns10/10
76561198064595626,Recommended,312530,30248546,Posted: 28 February,all,Right Hand,Quack.
76561198072944980,Recommended,312530,26966588,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schmitty,*QUACK*
76561198048114909,Recommended,312530,27499890,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[COLOR_RED] Sean [END_COLOR],Quack.
76561198043714402,Recommended,312530,27680242,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Prof_Mcgonagle,GOOD D***ING GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,312530,29145167,Posted: 9 January,all,Sysmek,10/10 game just dont play against a dude named Nexust he will make you hate this game.Yes im salty.
,Recommended,312530,25636547,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Neriez,10/10 would quack again
76561198099330643,Recommended,312530,28397531,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Roasty My Toasty,Its a nice game with all the user made modifiers and maps so this gets a thumbs upskee
,Recommended,312530,28975289,Posted: 3 January,all,GlitXed,Quack
76561198165386499,Recommended,312530,23932339,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bee larry king,DuckDuckGo is a better search engine.
,Recommended,312530,27747056,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SPacKster,"Simple controls, fast play, lots of different weapons and levels. Absolute blast to play with friends. Also there is a button dedicated to quacking. What more do you want?"
76561197967636269,Recommended,312530,27100189,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BigBöy,Would you consider ducks as a farm animal?
,Recommended,312530,28852996,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Todd,pretty great. pew pew harder than 76
,Recommended,312530,30144668,Posted: 24 February,all,Mega Ultra Chicken,QUACK QUACK QUACK [net gun]... Quack.(LOVE THIS GAME)
,Recommended,312530,30161972,Posted: 25 February,all,Awl,"Please buy it, we need more people. It's really fun, I promise!"
,Recommended,312530,29262533,Posted: 14 January,all,Log,"I didn't expect much from this game when i first got it. But from the moment i launched it i was blown away. This game isVerywell made, The music is awesome the UI is great there are tons of goofy mechanics and cosmetics. There is Mod support and Most importantly a dedicated quack button.I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for a good party game, especally if you have a Steam Link"
76561198117643255,Recommended,312530,30141911,Posted: 24 February,all,NS_Yuso,QuackQuackQuack10/10 IGN
,Recommended,312530,31186732,Posted: 16 April,all,kick sick,It's one of the best games you could boot up when having friends over.
76561198219576064,Recommended,312530,30184843,Posted: 25 February,all,PickledLaser,"An ok single player experience if your bored, but if you have any friends and a few Xbox 360 controllers, plug 'em in, because the multiplayer is where this game shines. AMAZING fun for hours of entertainment, this one is a MUST if you enjoy a good couch game with your friends, and even if you don't, I'd recommend trying this one. :-)"
,Recommended,312530,23905671,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr. Spookerson,Quack...Quack Quack Quack QUACK quack Quack Quack Quack quack quack quack Quack Quack Quack quack Quack Quack.
76561198053748520,Recommended,312530,30368614,Posted: 6 March,all,Bhuka_Bhuka,"The game is fun, for sure. The online community is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're not intending to play seriously. The game is really fun if you get your friends over and splitscreen."
,Recommended,312530,30364487,Posted: 6 March,all,SilentEmrys,"This game is all about short, fast, multiplayer fun. Best played on a couch with a bunch of friends. There will be yelling and hilarious antics. Mods can also be added to further enhance gameplay. Great game!"
76561198037435469,Recommended,312530,29732850,Posted: 5 February,all,stormwatcheagle,Best multiplayer fighter on the market. Should be running this at EVO.
76561198174431007,Recommended,312530,29761230,Posted: 7 February,all,疼痛,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!
76561198089609370,Recommended,312530,29682157,Posted: 3 February,all,Joojinho,A game full of quacks and hats
,Recommended,312530,29616630,Posted: 31 January,all,terribly terrified of halloween,an excellent game for duck fanatics
76561198094034692,Recommended,312530,21526648,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,kickbass,"This a great party game  but it is more fun with a controller than a keybroad buy this game ,NNNNNNOOOOWWW."
,Recommended,312530,29844142,Posted: 11 February,all,Just(Certified Helicopter Pilot),Duck game quack quack. This game is brilliant with friends its so fun and then you have mods and dont even get me started on that. But the standard game and all that is still really good and if you ever get bored of regular check out mods.
,Recommended,312530,29910165,Posted: 13 February,all,.bigga,Super awesome nice casual game awesome nice casual game.
,Recommended,312530,22035508,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Applez,it has hats and quacks
,Recommended,312530,29592016,Posted: 30 January,all,Vandamguy,just keep yellin' duck game until your friends understand they need to buy it
,Recommended,312530,29734564,Posted: 5 February,all,axlstar,Great game to jump in and play with friends or randos.Amazing sound track!Loved the arcade mode and the feeling you get when you beat the devs score.. So good!Also the Dev is the coolest dude!
76561198065729308,Recommended,312530,30126829,Posted: 23 February,all,Not gay but $5 is $5,THE game. Buy it. RIGHT. NOW.
,Recommended,312530,27689854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VladIsLove,"Заткнись, сын, зае**л ржать!!!"
,Recommended,312530,30110388,Posted: 22 February,all,A Number 6 With Extra Dip,"Controls took some time getting used to but nevertheless it's an amazing game. 10/10 would recommend to anyone regardless of their game preferences. Once you start playing, you can't stop! (Press E to quack :))"
,Recommended,312530,30111424,Posted: 22 February,all,✧{TTA}✧ Omicron,quack
76561198264793696,Recommended,312530,30117304,Posted: 23 February,all,toomanychromosomes,I like ducks
76561198301505330,Recommended,312530,29411610,Posted: 21 January,all,Thunder Chicken,Easy game to get in to and even better for some laughs with friends.
76561198118332697,Recommended,312530,29411879,Posted: 21 January,all,Nixdraws,praaaaa
,Recommended,312530,29707417,Posted: 4 February,all,Crethon,Good for laughs for the whole family!
,Recommended,312530,29240921,Posted: 13 January,all,brized,Quack.
76561198169909917,Recommended,312530,29238208,Posted: 13 January,all,fuckoffwalter,Pretty good time. From the ammount of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that can kill you to... no i think thats about it. But for real tho this game is goofy as ♥♥♥♥ and i have no doubt if you enjoy a good chuckle you will absolutly enjoy Duck Game. (On a side note try not to get mad when you die. Cause it's going to happen... ALOT! but thats what makes this game obnoxiously funny). Also It's soundtrack brings me back to the days of sega genesis. It's just got that retro beat to it and it fits perfectly. Good job adult swim 10/10 for bringing old school to the future with a side of comedy. Kinda bummed theres no single player arena mode to play with bots instead of having to go online all the time but hey thats my only complaint with Duck Game. game on
,Recommended,312530,29233665,Posted: 13 January,all,Hidden Trash Can,"""Hey, thats pretty good""~~IdubbzTV"
76561198153302485,Recommended,312530,23527781,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Penguwagic,have you ever think of a 2D shooting platformer....... No okay then it's for you... well tbh i enjoy it a lot but there is no players and there is a problem the servers are bad hope they fix so i give the game 9/10
,Recommended,312530,32966987,Posted: 28 June,all,obby,the most competitive game i have ever owned
,Recommended,312530,32967190,Posted: 28 June,all,Papa,rewfds
,Recommended,312530,32258609,Posted: 7 June,all,WingedFurnace,Great quick pased game. There is also a plentiful amount of good mods and maps in the steam work shop.
,Recommended,312530,16353208,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ynaxx,"Bought the gameDownloaded the gameLaunched the gameAt first i didn't really like the game, but after a few minutes of playing it, I discovered that the game had a ""quack!"" button!11/10 Would ""quack!"" at my dead friends again!"
76561198131252695,Recommended,312530,32380054,Posted: 12 June,all,Billwillis,"a great game. get some buds to all get the game and play 4 player. it's amazing. also getting a xbox 360 wireless reciever for your computer and having a local 4 player game is great. lots of yelling and laughing. couldnt reccomend this game more. if you dont have friends, it's not worth it. single player arcade is a drag and online isnt as fun because you cant laugh and talk to the people youre facing"
,Recommended,312530,32393497,Posted: 13 June,all,L U K E,Good fast fun
,Recommended,312530,32402218,Posted: 13 June,all,[dank] grapes,"Truly amazing, and fast paced. It is amazing when playing with friends while talking over voice chat, If you have friends and a way to talk to them, whether that be online or local, GET THIS GAME. You should have a controller for this though, the keyboard controlls are terrible.*Quack*"
76561198040677835,Recommended,312530,32408575,Posted: 14 June,all,MallardMan,A duck ton of fun
,Recommended,312530,32385189,Posted: 13 June,all,LYNCHKING,*Gunshot* Grabs Opponents Lifeless Body and Throws them off Cliff *Quack Quack*
,Recommended,312530,32381406,Posted: 12 June,all,Kinq,I bought this game because a friend reccomended it. I did not expect to enjoy it but I did alot. Its a good game to play for like 30 minutes every once and a while. Definatley worth your 13 dollars.
,Recommended,312530,32372581,Posted: 12 June,all,Namerator,Some people are just too good. And it'll♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.
,Recommended,312530,32406380,Posted: 14 June,all,Dan1ThePastaMan,"This is a great game to screw around with some freinds. and if you dont have many, there is the discord server the devs run for the community"
,Recommended,312530,32418669,Posted: 14 June,all,youcallthatpunk,this is lit
,Recommended,312530,32326118,Posted: 10 June,all,Snipers,"The most ridiculous, random, and funny game ever. Get some friends."
,Recommended,312530,32314814,Posted: 10 June,all,Snip,"+ Good multiplayer gameplay, plenty of maps.+ Adequate single player modes available- Dodgy controls mapping for keyboardA casual platform shooter that provides instant-action multiplayer arena gameplay. Single player is available but not fulfilling. Best played with your mates in casual game sessions.7/10"
,Recommended,312530,32319054,Posted: 10 June,all,Dashren,Best local mulitplayer on PC. Love playing with friends and family. 10/10
,Recommended,312530,32351683,Posted: 11 June,all,Jaimz Hawden,Tons of fun with friends. I've cried laughing
76561198198259494,Recommended,312530,32368088,Posted: 12 June,all,einauge,"FUN, GREAT, BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,312530,32362891,Posted: 12 June,all,WILLYPILLY,This game is amazing17/10 roast chickens
76561197966917194,Recommended,312530,32427816,Posted: 15 June,all,- V -,♥♥♥♥ing A #1 Rock'em Sock'em Duck'em Robets. 6 out of 5.
,Recommended,312530,30365759,Posted: 6 March,all,SPANKS,"possibly the greatest couch co-op game of all time. a good friend and i have sunk countless hours late into the night during sleepovers just playing this game, and only getting bored after 5 hours straight"
76561198088644856,Recommended,312530,30366005,Posted: 6 March,all,Wunder,Quack9/10
,Recommended,312530,30318274,Posted: 4 March,all,zukey0304,10/10 on ign
76561198220754268,Recommended,312530,30348339,Posted: 5 March,all,Lizard Wizard,I'd do the sex with this game...twice.
76561198040417649,Recommended,312530,30330743,Posted: 4 March,all,Count Mondego,DUCK GAME
,Recommended,312530,30328896,Posted: 4 March,all,mozz,duck game
76561198147169921,Recommended,312530,31209369,Posted: 17 April,all,veganglutenfree,"quack quack quack! Quack quack, quack quack... I give this a quack/quack"
76561198014755623,Recommended,312530,30339522,Posted: 5 March,all,SirFuzzWuzz,quck quack quack? QUACK!
,Recommended,312530,31467226,Posted: 30 April,all,Riky516,"12/10 would recommend!  Started out with the free weekend.  Bought it within an hour.  Super fun to play!""Be the duck you always wanted to be!  The one that taunts and kills all his friends in a murderous rampage!""  - Random Duck"
,Recommended,312530,31475823,Posted: 30 April,all,Green Giant,"This is a game I can enjoy. I bought it discounted on Steam. And I have to say that the last few hours flew by. This is the type of small multiplayer game that I was looking for, even though my original goal was to play another game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ how did I miss this game? 2 years? Fudge nickel."
,Recommended,312530,31476331,Posted: 30 April,all,SpiderPenguin™,This game is a master piece
76561197978494739,Recommended,312530,31477468,Posted: 30 April,all,GlutenFreeBread,Very rage inducing.
,Recommended,312530,32958644,Posted: 28 June,all,SpaceUnicorn,Love it
,Recommended,312530,32952337,Posted: 28 June,all,Hysterical,"This game maybe isn't worth its $12.99 price, but I bought it during the summer sale for half off and I don't regret it. This game is the most fun when you're in a party with three other friends and are all just messing around. 7.6/10"
