user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312520,32332371,Posted: 10 June,all,slrpmaster,"Having invested slighty more than 40 hours in Rain world at the time of this passage, I come to you, the public, at this late hour to deliver a most urgent plea.I was once of a mind to decry the game for its unceasing brutality and unforgiving, unrelenting, unfair cycle of desperate survival and unforseeable death. Though I recognized its unique beauty and loved its dynamic, fluid, and yet cohesive mechanics, I was repulsed by its difficulty. I am in regret for this.While I can't place blame on those who persist in disliking Rain World's foundational difficulty (I empathize with them, in fact: my first 20 hours were hell), I can offer a nugget of advice for those who would consider providing the game another opportunity: have patience, and learn of the world and your capability in it before establishing a ""lifestyle"" as the Slugcat.My principle mistake when initially playing Rain World was permitting my expectations to override my actions. I occupied nearly 20 hours with practically no progress and an abundance of futility, and all because I was awaiting some firm directive which never came. In my frustration with this interminable cycle, I began to condemn certain aspects of the game, most notably the karma system. In time I became so desperate for some means of enjoying the game that I sought out a mod which rendered this scapegoat, the karma system, inconsequential. The result was... hollow. With nothing to penalize me, I was no longer obliged to inject purpose into my actions, and the game's value evaporated.This was a moment of revelation for me. I realized that, in order to enjoy Rain World, I needed to seek its rewards and venture into its world and mysteries rather than flit axiously from one hibernation chamber to the next in perpetual fear of the consequences of curiosity. I needed to accept that this alien wilderness was harsh in excess, and that to survive it I must accomodate it and, at length, begin to predict it. I had been humbled to a slugcat and flung, directionless, into a world eager to swallow me. My sole guides were my intuition and ambition to explore, and my immersion in Rain World was contingent upon my willingness to exercise both. So I did.My advice as a ""veteran"" is this: do not allow your fear of penalty to succeed your will to explore. Learn to live, not just survive, and perhaps you, too, will leave your heart in the hostile yet beautiful lands of Rain World."
76561198032683203,Recommended,312520,30831957,Posted: 30 March,all,YeGoblynQueenne,"This game is not half as hard as people say. It's only hard if you convince yourself you mustn't die under any circumstances. In reality, dying is no big deal.You'll die a lot at first, but death is not permanent. Sure, there's a cost - you lose a level of karma, but recouping it is nothing. You gain a level of karma when you hibernate, and you only have a few levels to begin with. To hibernate you need to eat four pieces of food, but that's much easier to do than it sounds. You just have to find the bats' nesting grounds and where the blue bells grow and then you 're guaranteed a meal every day.If you can't get to your shelter before it starts raining, or if something grabs you, you die and respawn in the shelter, with one less level of karma.  That hardly even sets you back at all: karma is only used to unlock passage to new areas, and there is literally nothing forcing you to rush. Each area is huge, so there's plenty of time to explore and get to know all the nooks and crannies of one area, before you move on to the next. In theory, you are trying to be reunited with your family, but mechanically there is nothing in the game play forcing you to keep going- if you wanted you could stay put forever. And the more time you spend in each area the more you get to understand the world, and that makes it easier to survive longer.The thing to keep in mind is that you're not Conan the Barbarian, you're a baby animal with a body like jell-o'. You can't fight very well, your only chance is to run and bolt into a hole. On the plus side, you're faster than the things that want to eat you and in any case you should be way smarter than them.Use your nugget. Feed before you go out exploring, not at the last moment before it rains. Keep an eye on the timer as you travel so you know how long it takes to traverse each part of the map and you don't risk straying too far from shelter. There is plenty of time to explore before the rain comes. And you should always eat as much as you can and always try to get to your hibernation shelter with your belly full, to make your life easier next day. You wouldn't even call all that resource management- it's just good sense.Some reviews complain about the controls and the way the slugcat moves. Here's a little secret: if you learn the world's physics well you can move very fluidly and very, very fast. The only things that can move faster than you are the bats, and you can even surprise them with a sudden burst of speed or a well-timed jump. If you just push the jump button you don't jump too high, but if you press Pick Up at the end of a jump you can grab on to things even if they look slightly beyond your reach. You also get some special moves: you can coil up like a spring and jump three times your length, and you can do backflips to jump about twice your height. These take some practice, but, again, there's no need to rush, you can take your time.If you've ever played Wipe Out, it's very similar: until you get a feel for the physics of moving around, you keep bumping into stuff and bouncing about and losing speed. But once you get the hang of it, and learn the lay of the land, you can really fly.People compare this game to Dark Souls. It's nothing like Dark Souls. It's not even a fighting game. If you're looking for similar games, it's like Limbo, and Inside, and Abe's Odyssey. The ""grind"" in Rain World is like in those games: you have to solve a puzzle and you'll keep dying and retracing your steps until you get it right. Then you'll have to solve a new puzzle. And you'll be rewarded with knowing you conquered a beatiful, hostile world with just the power of your wits."
,Recommended,312520,33638521,Posted: 18 July,all,Walta,"One of the best gaming experiences I've had. This game is definitely not for everyone, especially not people who:1. Are easily frustrated2. Are looking for fast-paced progressionPros:A very beautiful art styleThe soundtrack is greatThe lore of the world is intriguingIt's TOUGH. Not just ""hard"" but actually really really tough. Most things kill you in a single hit, and you get punished rather severely for dying (explained in cons). Of course this won't be a pro for everyone, but it was for me.Managing to get through a difficult area feels amazing every time.Neutral:Overall progression is slow-paced, though encounters with the flora and fauna can get extremely tense.All movement is based on the physics engine which makes everything move around super smooth.Since all movement is based on physics, you can expect to see some buggy/wonky movement of the creatures in the world (Including the character you play as).There's barely anything telling you where to go, which can often make you feel lost.Cons:To be able to progress to new areas, you have to have a certain amount of karma. Every time you hibernate (or save) without dying, you get an extra karma point, which caps at 5. Though every time you die, you lose one. If you want to progress to another area but you don't have the right amount of karma, you sometimes end up having to hibernate in the same area 4 times in a row, which can get rather repetitive, though I never had huge problems with this myself, I can certainly see people struggling with this mechanic. (NOTE: They are adding a new character who does not need karma to progress to other areas)It doesn't help that ""cheap"" deaths happen occasionally. (Getting instakilled by an enemy you couldnt see)Though it is without doubts one of my favorite games on steam, it's not meant everyone."
76561197970404440,Recommended,312520,30928347,Posted: 3 April,all,Scrundle,"Rain World is a really good game but I don't think it is for everyone.This isn't a metroidvania, you aren't going to be gaining new abilities (In the classical power-up sense at least) and increasing your stats. The improvements come from gaining understanding of Slugcat's abilities and the world around you.When you start out nothing makes sense and you will die often, when you die you will lose a symbol that you don't understand what it means, this may make you upset but don't let it, if you don't know what the symbol is for then what does losing one matter? Short answer; No. Longer Answer; You have nothing to lose, get out there!As you progress you will learn how to play, not through a forced tutorial or someone telling you but by experiencing it yourself, you discover the many moves Slugcat has (Far more than the basic movement and jump the game does tell you about), you will start to understand why you rolled instead of doing what you wanted to and then you will learn how to control the game correctly and it will feel lke a breath of fresh air.You will see animals, you will not know if they are friendly, neutral or hostile. You will not know what their colour or size or number of horns means, you will not know how to interact with or escape from them. But you will LEARN those things yourself if you try.You may enter an area where food is scarce and hard to find, but is it really? Perhaps there is food you just don't know how to eat yet? The game provides everything you need, it just doesn't spell it out for you and that has caused a lot of frustration for many players.My advice for anyone who thinks that this game looks and sounds interesting is to persevere, when the game starts you have nothing to lose, die as much as you like to learn the mechanics because you're in no rush to get anywhere yet!Understand that slugcat has mass and weight, slugcat's stance, speed, direction all factor in to what will happen when you press a button; will you jump? will you do a slide-tackle? Will you roll? Will you back-flip? None of those are explained but they are there for you to use from the very start, you just have to practice.This game has depths the like haven't been seen in a game for a long time, if you persevere you will get an enormous amount of enjoyment out of it."
,Recommended,312520,32029283,Posted: 28 May,all,Zeekerss,"[EDIT: Now with the expansion including more difficulty modes coming soon, this game will be a must-play. It is possibly my #1 favorite 2D platformer of all time. Although, I'm not sure if I entirely like the idea of an ""easy mode"", because I feel that might take away some of the thrill and scariness that makes the game so great.]Rain World trusts you to be intelligent enough to figure things out about its world on your own with little guidance, which makes exploring it a wonderful and terrifying experience. There are many creatures, and they are all amazingly unique and creepy; You never know what a creature will do if it sees you, and you never know when you might find a new abomination that wants to gobble you up. For me, moments of terrifying discovery were the best parts of the game, and are all throughout the world.The physics-based animation/controls seemed very quirky and strange at first, but I've slowly learned the nuances of controlling slugcat and it has become much less annoying. It takes time to get the hang of it, though it still has its moments even after you do. Overall, those moments are HIGHLY outnumbered by Rain World's good ones and it is definitely one of the most unique 2D platformers I've played. Also it is outstandingly good-looking-- like, REALLY really pretty. Easily worth the price, if you are ok with a challenge and can handle some frustration inbetween the really good parts.(Also the game is definitely not short.)"
,Recommended,312520,31208657,Posted: 17 April,all,Doctor ☢ Apocalypse,"First off....this game is NOT for everyone.If you have been reading other reviews and the criticism (which is spot on) seems like a deal breaker...then you should move along. There is no shame in this.However for those of you who like a challenge and don't mind dealing with some frustrating moments then you will be rewarded with one of the most unique games I have ever had the privilege of completing. At it's surface it just seems like any other survival game. It's more then that. It's a stimulating spiritual experience that left me craving more and more. As you journey deep within and uncover the wastelands secrets you will start to piece together what really happened to this ruined word. It's both depressing and joyous.I could go on and on about how much I loved this rough gem but I don't want to spoil anything. This game is best if you go in blind and learn the nuances as you play.Read multiple reviews. Go in blind as far as game mechanics and story goes. Be the Slugcat. Take it slow, enjoy and don't get overly frustrated. With time you will persevere."
76561198158162033,Recommended,312520,31532796,Posted: 3 May,all,DrBax,"Started meh. Changed my mindest from that of a ""hero"" to roleplaying a defensless slugcat. Became one of the best games I've probably ever played and defenintly the most unique. If you've ever wished for a more ""real"" game then this is your answer on every level. From the somewhat eerily real physics based movements all the way to the perfect simulation of an actual ecosystem that you are just a small part in. This game is realistic, and since you are very low on the food chain it will feel unfair, you will die, and it will be hard. But once you get used to the mindset of being the prey and not the predator for once, you realize sometimes just surviving is a victory and it can be better to adapt to situations instead of try to go against all odds. And thats when you will fully unlock the amazing potential this game has to offer."
,Recommended,312520,30867668,Posted: 31 March,all,Progfox,"-Not really a review, more of a counterpoint against a lot of the criticism regarding the games systems-As has been previously pointed out, this game is not for everyone. It does not hold your hand and the beginning hours will be frustrating because the direction of the design is a completely different direction from what most games do. After playing for a solid amount of time, I've barely scratched the surface but I understand the mechanics of the game and the idea of exploring, taking it day by day. Not to take shots at anybody who bought the game and doesn't like it but there seems to be an overwhelming amount of confusion from a majority of people who don't understand the games systems. Which, being honest, is totally fair. The game is obtuse, overly cryptic and just weird.But it's not a Super Meat Boy platformer. It's not really a story based 'go from A to B' affair. It's a world to explore and live in, which sounds pretentious as hell, but you really have to immerse yourself in the game world and the mind of the slugcat to get the most out of this in my opinion."
,Recommended,312520,30856538,Posted: 31 March,all,Garrakx,"*PROS- Great atmosphere- Very inmersive- Dynamic gameplay and fantastic level design.- Great procedural animations.- Beatiful artwork and sound design.*CONS- The game gives you little information about how to play it, but it is part of the experience.- It can be frustating if you try to rush to the next zone because  it rewards exploration.*TIPS- USE KEYBOARD (the game was programmed for keyboard, it has no analog controls) Just rebind the jump button to SPACE bar.- Try to get used to each zone, observing the enemies and how they behave.RainWorld is a very challening and peculiar platformer. Each enemy reacts to changes in the enviroment, and they will fight between them. If you like challenge and what you see, just buy it."
,Recommended,312520,31898577,Posted: 22 May,all,zero ambition [ХОЙ],"It feels like participating in some kind of Animal Planet show as you navigate a lonely slugcat separated from his family through the vast post-apocalyptic world. The food is hard to get, predators are stronger than you and you are always threatened by approaching deadly rains, so you have to get a meal and hide before storm comes and flushes your progress.Although the Slugcat is weak, eventually you will learn how to defend yourself and even pose a threat as you explore the world on your travels. No, you'll hardly get much new abilities and level-ups, but you will learn how to benefit from the environment. You will be amazed on how complicated the world is and how much things you can use for your favor! I'd advise you not to read the guides but to explore yourself - feels extremely rewarding when you learn a new trick.The world seems to be quite open - the only things which limit you movements are Karma Gates - they let you through only if you possess the required karma level. Karma is increased if you rest well-fed at shelters and gets decreased when you die. ""If"" and ""when"" words are used to display an estimation on how often either of these is expected to happen. You die a lot here - the game is quite hard and punishing, almost to the point of frustration at first. It is way less fair than Dark Souls - sometimes you die not because of your own mistakes, but due to pure♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ass luck. Still, you wont consider it a big deal as you learn that karma is meant to come and go away. Yet unlike Dark Souls it wants you to rely rather on uninterrupted series of succesful runs around the checkpoints, than on single lucky no-matter-how-much-tries-it-took ones. Consequentive deaths hurt your karma, negating your progress and making Rain World a more challenging game thus way.Moving to a new area feels like a solid adventure: usually the way is long, while the time is short; you'll often get killed before you reach a new shelter; at times you won't manage to get enough food along the way to register a check-in at new place; sometimes you even lose all your karma before you reach a gate, so you'll have to spend another few hours wandering around the place and accumulating karma again. It happens a lot, so reaching the new place feels like ""phew, that was close"". On the other hand - it often seems like a hopeless situation and you are about to die, but you end up sound and safe instead. And as you learn how the things work here you'll manage to turn things that way more often. The game progresses slowly - I have 52 hours in-game registered atm, yet it feels like the game is hardly half-way beaten! And hey - it is a single player game!I won't bother praising the visuals - just check out them screenies. And it looks even better when in motion!Seems like a Game of the Year candidate for me. The fire-proof♥♥♥♥♥is a must tho."
,Recommended,312520,31451370,Posted: 29 April,all,Hattori,"Rain World is probably the hardest recommendation that I have had to write on Steam.When the creators of Rain World set out to make a game, they envisioned a very specific kind of experience, one that would market itself to a very restrictive group of players while alienating a ton of others. The question is, where do you belong?Apparently this game was influenced by ""the first few minutes of the Metroid games"".In those games when you first land on a planet, you are very vulnerable and weak to all lifeforms in it, even the weak enemies that should give you no trouble can destroy you if you arent careful, and getting lost is very easy and very dreadful. After getting your first new item or power though, the games get progressively easier, and sooner or later you start to steamroll everything in your path. I can safely say that Rain World succeeds in what it sets out to accomplish. Rain World is pretty much those ""first few minutes of the Metroid games"" throughout its entirety and at no point did i ever feel sure of my own skills and knowledge in surpassing what the game threw at me.This alone should be enough for you to know if this is the kind of game for you or not. Are you someone who likes the latter half of Metroid more, where you are empowered and can kill anything on sight? Or do you value the feeling of being in danger and powerless that defines the first half of Metroid?In Rain World, you control a weird but adorable hybrid fusion of a slug and a cat, fittingly named Slugcat. You got lost from your family one day as you slipped and fell into a river, your immediate and apparent mission being finding your way back to your parents and brothers. Controlling Slugcat, you really get the sense of being an agile animal while also feeling incredibly vulnerable to your surroundings. Slugcat is able to perform a plethora of actions, such as grab onto poles, squish his way into tunnels, throw objects and spears, wall jumping, etc.He is also able to leap great distances by standing on 4 legs and holding the jump button, giving this great feeling of momentum and impulse that really sells the nature of the character.While not apparent at first, Slugcat has a great amount of depth to his moveset, some skills and tricks not being unveiled to you unti you have played long enough to notice or experienced with them. Unlike Metroid, at no point will Slugcat become ""stronger"" or get new items in his inventory. The Slugcat you get at the beginning of the game, is the same one you end the game with. You can however, find many items all around the game that each give Slugcat a specific use, be it a spear to throw at enemies, or a plant that when thrown acts like a firecracker scaring enemies away.  The great thing about the game is that it never tells you what these items do, its through experimentation alone that you will eventually understand what you can do with them. The spear for example, can be used for another very useful action besides killing enemies, but the game will never tell you what it is, until you find it for yourself.Most of your time will be spent searching for food so you can hibernate in a shelter. Shelters are the places where you can save and create a checkpoint, but in order to be able to hibernate, you must have your food meter full.  You will either find this to be incredibly unfair and a waste of a player's time and patience, or you will find it to be genius game design. It makes finding a new shelter always a moment of celebration and relief because its something that has immense value to the player, like finding a new bonfire in dark souls. And its not an immediate reward, because there will be times when you will find a shelter but have no food stored so you have to go outside again and find it. Which leads me to another aspect of the game: why it is called Rain World.You see, the reason you need to take shelter and hibernate is because each time you wake up a new cyle begins and once that cycle ends, the Rain comes. And the Rain kills. Not because its poison or something like that, not because it drowns you( although it can also do that), but by sheer force of gravity. It might seem a bit contradictory to put a constant time limit on the player in a game that demands caution and patience, but it works wonders in creating an experience like no other. When the Rain is about to start, the sky turns grey, the ground starts shaking, and all the enemies start to flee not even caring about you. Then it starts to drizzle a bit. And then it start to pour. Then it starts to really pour, and the screen gets filled with so much water that you cant even see yourself and if you step into it your are simply crushed by it. And you arent safe inside buildings either, because it soon starts to flood and if you arent fast you will drown.This is why i think the shelter system is great, because there were numerous amounts of time where I was running out of clock and I still didnt find a shelter, which would lead me to make dumb and hasteful decisions in a desperate attempt to find one, or worse, find enough food so you can hibernate. I died many times, but there were also alot of moments where just when I was about to get caught by the Rain I would find a shelter at the last moment and sigh a huge relief, after such a thrilling run against the clock. Those moments are what make games fun. Outrunning the Rain feels like when you are in bed at night listening to the rain outside. If you have played Majora's Mask, then you know how this experience is. If you are someone who cant handle the pressure of time, then this game is definitely not for you.Then you have the real show stealers: the enemies. The enemies in Rain World are not like other videogame enemies. One of the genius design choices about the enemies was making them ragdoll physics based. In any other game, enemies tend to have a small number of moves they can perform, and each time they perform one of them, it will always be exactly the same, which you soon learn to memorize and avoid/counter.Not here. These enemies dont have moves, they have behaviours. Since they are ragdoll physics based, they move in very unpredictable patterns, and while you can have a sense of what they can do and how they can move, you are never sure how they will approach you and attack you. They can get stuck on themselves, they can fall off places, they can turn around unexpectedly, etc.This design choice works wonders into making this world incredibly hostile and turning you into a prey constantly.They also dont feel like typical videogame enemies. They behave like normal animals, hunting for food other than you, have territorial disputes with the same species, sleep around, and run away from other predators.You can never be sure if they even are in the same place when you respawn, sometimes they will simply move to another spot.The designs are also great, having an Earth like animal appearance, while also being completely alien to our own world. Everytime you find a new creature, you will really have to make sure if they are hostile towards you or not, and some of them can even be used to your favor if you interact enough with them.It really manages to create a living and breathing ecosystem that seems to have existed for a long time, and not just there in service of the player.The world of Rain World is absolutely gorgeous. Just this beautifully oppresive and hostile appearance that completely sells you  the idea that this is not your home. There are areas here where it seems straight out of The Matrix, and you can really sense the rust and humidity of this place.All of these aspects culminate in the strongest asset of Rain World: emergent storytelling. This game is chock full of near death and last second escape experiences, and they will all be your experiences and no one elses. Leaps of faith, inventive strategies, hide and seek chases, etc.This is why Rain World is my GOTY so far."
45649678670867889,Recommended,312520,32128328,Posted: 2 June,all,['0 σ 0'],"i've played this game for about 60 hours (finished the main story at around ~25h mark), and i feel like i could play it for another 60h, just watching all of the different little creatures reacting to their surroundings and interacting with the player + one anotherthe AI and the emergent ecosystem are astonishing and it really feels like an alive world, especially in the later areas that are densely populated with numerous species all competing for food and hunting one another.. the lore is wonderful too, especially if you enjoy stories aboutnon-humans dealing with sentience, robot gods, nature taking over abandoned human habitants, etcsuch a unique and wonderful game, i will forever remember it"
,Recommended,312520,34753357,Posted: 5 September,all,Latedog,"The rain world, the name of a project that had originally only piqued a minor curiosity, but one that has bloomed into something far greater than I could have ever imagined. Videocult has managed to bring together something completely unexpected, fresh, and oozing with soul. After the endless barrage of randomly-generated riffraff resulting from the inception of The Binding of Isaac, Rain World dials it back and transports you to a fantastic, lovingly-crafted, and dangerous world rife with wonder.As with most games, the first thing you’ll want to do is go digging through that options menu. After but a moment, you’ll come to realize that the game’s maximum resolution is 1366x768. Wait! Don’t let that act as any sort of deterrent because even with this limitation, they managed to elevate pixel art to breathtaking new heights that I didn’t believe was possible. The game’s trailers provide an extreme injustice to its artwork, animation, and effects, and it simply must be absorbed firsthand to understand what they’ve spent over the last half a decade to accomplish.Once you’ve managed to shake off the stars in your eyes, you’ll soon find yourself abruptly tossed into a morose, tense environment that’ll have you scrambling for survival right from the get-go. No punches are pulled when it comes to setting you up in the mood of the atmosphere. The soundtrack synergizes incredibly well with your surroundings to create the perfect ambiance, but it’s not overbearing, it’s controlled and the pieces only arrive precisely when they so need to.You won’t find any tutorials, except for the scarce guidance of an otherworldly creature that only supplies you with seemingly esoteric instructions. There is no leveling up, no upgrades, and no perks of any sort. Your only tool for getting you through this damning ecosystem is by learning the lay of the land, interacting with the world around you to unravel the knowledge required to get you from one safe zone to the other.Getting by is simple, find enough nourishment through your daily trek and then return to your only point of refuge, your den, before the destructive forces of the rain arrive. However, getting through means you’ll need to dig deep and brave the unknowns to move forward. This world is very much alive, and the creatures that prowl the landscape are ruthless; all living things must eat. From one day to the next, enemies are placed throughout the world, sometimes, in a spot none too ideal. Misfortune may have you suddenly snatched up in the jaws of a common, or unfamiliar predator, but for many more situations, you’ll need to use wit and intuition just to survive a small encounter. You may catch a few lucky breaks, but there's no other satisfaction like the true progression allowed here.Don’t get too comfortable, danger is around every corner. Right when you think you’ve avoided death, you’re frantically mashing buttons desperately trying make another quick escape. And just like that, you’re back to start of the same cycle because you were too busy struggling with trying to make slugcat move the way you intended. The controls here begin as an obstacle in and of itself. Master them, it takes patience and finesse to slither your way past becoming another’s lunch. To the more attentive players, there’s a repertoire of hidden moves for you to boast which will come in handy for making a last-minute getaway.This game isnotlove at first try, a relationship needs to be built up over time to break through that initial, bitter exterior. But once you do, you’re rewarded with an experience unlike any other. It’s a land begging to be explored, dense with surprises and secrets anxious to be discovered, and it gives new meaning to games as an artform. This team’s passion and vision are shone through brilliantly and it just might be one of the greatest journeys you’ll be thankful you ever powered through."
,Recommended,312520,31137635,Posted: 14 April,all,KCGemini,"Rain World is without a doubt an adventure that breaks the traditional mold so many games utilize.  As a result, it's one of the more unique (if not a bit rough) games I've played in a long time.  You're a slugcat that got separated from your family in a rainstorm.  Simply put, you're to eventually meet them again.  Past the short tutorial, you're dumped into the world and everything at that point is your experience.Even though Rain World is a metrovania, thinking of it just like an average one is the mistake many players are going to make.  It's all about surviving more than traveling as you'll have to become accustomed to predators such as lizards, hazards, food locations, and all sorts of tricks that can only be picked up with time.  Getting from one hibernation area (save point) before a rain storm hits (time limit) can be a trial all on its own.Speaking of lizards, get used to them because they're not just the “goomba” of Rain World, but each type has adapted to the area(s) they reside in.  Green lizards are the bulkiest of all and can take quite a few hits before showing signs of distress.  Purple lizards can climb poles and as a result have an easier time chasing you down.  Blue lizards can climb upon the walls in the background and can use their tongue to pull you in, which makes getting away from them far harder than the other two; and the list goes on.  They're not the only things that want a tasty meal...Possibly for the first time ever in any metrovania title, item and enemy placement in game is randomized.  In one area, you may find a few lizards of variety threatening/fighting each other and a stone nearby that you can use to agitate them; or you could use said stone to lure them away from the next room you need to get to.  Other times, it may just be an absentminded one sitting in a corner not doing much of anything, allowing an eventful trip to the next room.  In other times, you may have several ecosystems such as bats and cicadas attempting to eat said bats while lizards are trying to chomp at said cicadas and a bird may find you appetizing in the middle of all of that.  Said randomness keeps even older areas feeling like new long after you've become accustomed to them.Each new area goes beyond just being its theme and feels like you're really in that particular spot. Outskirts has a little bit of everything and once you've learned the ropes, you'll be better prepared for the increased challenge up ahead.  Garbage Wastes has you traversing piles and piles of garbage which change the layout of the map and make predators harder to deal with.  You also have water to contend with and newer predators that spice things up just when you were getting used to everything else.  The Wall is a mostly vertical climb to the top of an ancient building and predators in that area have adapted to wall hanging tactics; which allows them to chase you down with greater fervor.As much as I like the ingenuity of the game, there are quirks and nitpicks I could say about Rain World.  However, they pale in comparison to the four things I'm going to list:  Map consistency, overly aggressive rooms, instadeaths, and karma.In an average metrovania, when there's a fall that would damage you or otherwise prove fatal, then there would be some way to tell.  No such luck here.  As a matter of fact, there's quite a few rooms that have hanging berries below them in what would otherwise appear to be an area you could go down to.  In other cases, map transitions to lower areas can be dangerous if you fall slightly higher than a certain point.  The Wall is a great example of this as in one part there was a pole I could see jutting from the tip of the bottom of the screen.  Jumping from half a screen away resulted in my death.  Doing said jump again from only a quarter of the same screen transitioned to the next area proper.  In that same area, certain falls that look like your doom actually transition to screen to otherwise unknown areas.You know how I said that everything in this game is randomly generated on the map?  Sadly its greatest strength is also one of its weaknesses.  For the most part, when everything works, it makes for a legitimately satisfying experience that most games have a hard time achieving.  On the flipside, there's cases where you may get too many enemies surrounding the path you need to take; or in an even worse case scenario, you'll enter a new room only to be greeted by a chomp to the face by a lizard.  The former can usually be worked through with your wits or proper item use while for the latter, you'll need snake-like reflexes or absurd luck to survive.  Even if you survive either encounter, that may have been all that was needed to reduce your rain meter to a lethal amount.Hell, I've even had my progress halted by one of the deer-like creatures in Farm Arrays due to it “camping” its massive body against the door for some odd reason.  Attempting to push it away from the door resulted in nothing, and in the previous room the game didn't spawn a spear for me to use as a platform.  There was no crawlspace nearby that I could use to get out, nor could I make the jump to retrace my steps back to my older hibernation area; which also leads me to another point:The karma system, which for each cycle rewards you a level for keeping slugcat fed with four points of food.  You lose one every time you die.  Said levels show your “progress” as a whole, as slugcat doesn't actually gain any extra skills or abilities.  It's also necessary to gain passage to newer areas.  Often though, getting to said new area(s) is a challenge in itself; which makes the whole karma system for opening doors moot.  If you can get to said karma door to begin with, you've most likely mastered said area; or you're at the very least good enough to take on your next challenge.In closing, just like the alien and unfamiliar lands in it, Rain World is worth exploring."
,Recommended,312520,30821206,Posted: 29 March,all,STARSTRUCK,"Nearly every reviewer highlights the difficulty of this game and I would advise you to consider their points carefully. Like Mother Nature herself, this game is vast, beautiful and demands your respect.Test, observe, plan and adapt. Don't persevere blindly. Try other avenues. Don't get good, get smart.In the end, maybe get good too.tl;dr stoat souls 10/10"
,Not Recommended,312520,30919309,Posted: 3 April,all,Disaccord Noob©,"tl;dr: Strictly a try before buy. Game will end up great if you know the ins and outs through hardship but you will have to put up tens of hours of pure rage and frustration. I can't recommend this game to everyone, only certain someone. Niche, they say.Essay time! Start with the pros:When the game woks, when you finally git gud. The game is BETTER THAN SEX. The core mechanics loop of food searching, predator evasion, and shelter hunting comes together into one incredible survival package. Most notably tangling with the wilds, it's organic and dynamic, your ability of fight back is limited, every move you make puts yourself at risk, too close for comfort. It is pure instinct, once you have it, you play like a true wild animal. Getting out of a sticky impossible situation? I'll take that over 0rgasm any day.The world of rain world. Intriguing. The beasts, the ecosystem, these are the interesting ones. The world, the lore? It's nice, but after having played so many other ""post-ancient-civ-apocalypse"", this is standard affair. Great and consistent art direction keeps the game immersive, so this gets my thumbs up.The controls, a double edged sword. Believe it or not, it is very responsive and precise. HOWEVER, it is excessively bloated, and without proper education (tutorial), it feels like poop. Every button press provides a different feedback depending on combination of button held, and slugcat's current state. This means if you don't know ALL of the controls, this dumb little cat is going to do things you do not want it to do while a Disco Lizard is attempting molestation. Make a habit and figure things out before setting out into the dangerous rain world. Once you get the hang of it, this slug can dance. For real. (figuratively)...and this is where the good points end.This f*cking game, is the most frustrating game I have played in recent years. Now, I'll be honest, look at my play time, and I'll say that when the frustration finally channeled into accomplishment, the game feels great. But are you ready to put up with tens of hours of brutal work? I could've finished several other games that makes me HAPPY with that amount of time. Let me explain why this game is so flawed:The game is way too punishing. I ain't no wimp. If I fell, I get back up. If you fall in Rain World, you fall into a literal pit. With every death, you not only revert progress, you LOSE progress. Grinding karma is quick once know how, but grinding IS grinding. It is to proof that you can survive the region? Well, I don't have repeat it 4 times now?!Knowing is 80% of the battle. The creature spawns, the annoying cvnt meat eating plants, the optimal paths, the shelter locations. This game is made for people who already knows the game. Coming in fresh? Prepare to get lost, prepare to fumble around not know what to do, prepare to progress painfully slow, because every time you don't execute something well, you are forced to lose progress. Got bad RNG spawn? Tough luck, prepare to die. Without information, you can't reliably practice, you can only wing it. Go through an area, again and again and again and again, until you can spot the consistency, then only you can try besting that area. Lost time adds up, and this game has no respect of your time.The level design is trash. Utter. Garbage. Sprawling mazes that leads to loops are the worst. You just went through HELL and noticed that you are back to map #2. You got to be kidding me. You missed a crucial jump (or intentionally fell to explore), guess what? You can't get back up, now you got to push onward to some other maps until you found a way back. Didn't bring a spear? Hah! Tough luck, this corner just became a dead end for you! Oh right, did I mention there's a lizard camping on this one pipe? Better detour again! But hurry! Rain's in 2 minutes! Where the food and shelter's at? Oh! At that area you were trying to get to...Now, now. The issue significantly lessens when you got things figured out. As I mentioned, this game is made for those who already knew the game well. I had to put up with tens of hours of sh!t to come to this point when I'm no longer facing aforementioned problem, I don't think EVERYONE should go through the pain I've been through unless that who have similar SHEER ♥♥♥♥!NG WILL.This is a great game. The core mechanics are amazing. However, many design decisions have made this an immensely frustrating game, with satisfaction only coming after dealing with said frustrations. This isn't healthy. There must be better ways to enhance the experience while keeping the spirit of difficulty and brutality. For the path they chose, I don't feel is the best one. Peace.P.S. I've unlocked my inner mastery of whine and cuss while playing through this game."
,Recommended,312520,31049000,Posted: 9 April,all,Wasserstern,"This game filled an empty hole in my heart.For me this isnt just a game, this is a world.A living breathing harsh strange mysterious beautiful world.Take the little slugcat on the journey of his live, forge your own path.Eat, fight, hide, run, explore, experience.And watch the weather."
,Recommended,312520,33186916,Posted: 3 July,all,Baller's Gait,"It's like playing Super Metroid for the first time, except with clunky physics based movement and a world that is even more engrossing and full of mystery.Best played without any knowledge going in other than the karma system and how to swim. Everything else you should discover on your own, and there is a lot to discover.Use a dpad or keyboard for most things. Do not use a stick unless you enjoy not being able to input precisely and in a reproducible manner.Cons-Physics based movement for everything means that sometimes you get screwed over or luck out-A few very important things are so obtuse that you will probably have to look them up (how to swim long stretches without drowning)-Sometimes it's hard to see certain small details-Starts a bit slowPros-Lush and living alien world-Full of strange and often terrifying creatures, each with their own manner of living and placement on the food chain. Most of them seem to exist outside of a need to simply kill you-Excellent at giving your that feeling of being low-middle class on the food chain.-it is NOT SHORT. Don't expect a quick one and done CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE, this is a game that you'll be coming back to-Instead of gaining new skills and powers, you gain knowledge and muscle memory that helps you survive in a brutal and hungry world-The randomness helps with making the world feel alive. Creatures are autonomous and interact with each other.-despite the obtuse nature making some things unfun, the feeling of discovery and just outright getting lost in an immense and new world is something I've never felt quite so stronglyNot for everyone, but if any of this sounds at all interesting, I would strongly recommend giving the game a try."
76561198058353145,Recommended,312520,30813687,Posted: 29 March,all,The Traveller,"I have watched this game's devlog since the very beginning. I did not recieve this game for free, but that kind of dedication to something may have colored my viewpoints on the game. With that out of the way, let's go.First off, understand that this WILL NOT be for everyone. It's punishing to a T, the world is absolutely out to kill you, and learning how to control the slugcat in anything other than generally flailing twoards your goal will take some time. In addition, even mastery of the core mechanics does not guarantee your own survival. And then, there's the obfuscation of information. This game is VERY hands-off, and will leave you to figure every single nuance of the world and the controls outside of the most basic aspects of movement, and the absolute vitals.So why do I still recommend it, in spite of all of this?Because I'm just utterly in love with it. Not just the beautiful graphics, or the world, but the concept and its execution. For me, the difficulty is in exactly the right spot. It is my opinion that the game SHOULD stop you from progressing into its harder, more lethal areas if you can't even survive a few days back-to-back in an earlier one. This game feels like it's not revolving around me until I prove that I'm worthy of its attention. And more games should do that. I don't want my success handed to me through game mechanics and lore. I am not some predestined hero come to save the land, more powerful than everything I fight. I'm just another animal in a world I can barely understand, and the only thing on my mind is how I'm going to survive in it. And I love every second of that."
76561197964957155,Recommended,312520,30825291,Posted: 29 March,all,GaGrin,"One of the few games that makes me feel like I'm actually discovering things for myself instead of just being led by the nose.  This game reminds me in a positive way of both Another World and Abe's Oddysee while being a reactive beast rather than a game about learning set rote patterns and timings.  Certainly not for everyone, but do yourself a favour and read as little about it as possible if you think it interests you.  Rare is the game that lets you learn its nuace via play instead of rendering the mystery void before you've even begun."
76561198035945698,Recommended,312520,32426225,Posted: 14 June,all,UnlosingJohn,"I am only 5 hours in at the time of this review.This is a brutal game that gives you very little information and I really can't recommend it to anyone who isn't both patient and up for a challenge.  This game can be very stressful.  That being said, it's one of the more engrossing games I've played in years.You will have to discover a lot of the game's mechanics on your own or look up a guide.  You will die a lot and it will feel unfair or hopeless at times. For me, this is offset by the exploration and sense of discovery the game provides.The art and sound design is fantastic and really sets the tone of the game.  All in all, if the rest of the game is on par with what I have seen, this is a solid purchase."
76561198031199121,Recommended,312520,31068256,Posted: 10 April,all,Zap717,"9.5/10 A Spiritual Experience & The Hardest Platformer I've Ever PlayedIntroduction:Don't let Rain World's cute, peaceful, and even dreamy science-fantasy exterior fool you; this game demands the highest level of skill, patience, and problem solving ability around every corner.  Rain and cats are the two things my fiancée and I find most relaxing in this world, so I bought it for her thinking it could be something atmospheric we could calm down to in the evenings.  I was so painfully wrong.  This game put me in a constant state of fight-or-flight mode to the point where when my friends asked me why I seemed so stressed, all I could think to answer was ""Rain World"".  I loved it.  You'll have to trust me when I say I'm no thrill seeker, and stress is the last thing I look for in a game, and yet Rain World is easily my favorite game from this decade and one of my favorites of all time.  Let me try and break down why.In Rain World you are at meercat level in the food chain: one above grub.  Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, wants to eat you.  More than that, the world itself from the ground up is designed biologically to be able kill you quickly and effectively.  Everything one-shots you and you have no real effective ways of fighting back.  I dove into this starry-eyed after just playing through Shovel Knight, expecting that there would be enemies but also that I'd be able to combat them as easily as they could combat me, or even better.  After all, I'm the protagonist!  One does not get that luxury as a slugcat.The first frightening realization is that spears do basically nothing, at least not until you get very very good with them, and that their primary use is (I kid you not) to create platforms in walls to more easily escape danger.  Some things can be killed, but they usually take many spears to do so, and most of the time spears will just briefly stun your enemies... very briefly...  This is because of a key dynamic that players must get used to very quickly and that is as a slugcat you are prey.  This is a post-apocalyptic ecosystem and it is harsh and unforgiving to those who are at the bottom.  The only way to survive is to understand your position, then seek to deny it.Gameplay Breakdown & Guide:Rain World is a metrovania style platformer built primarily on survival and exploration.  Slugcat must travel to new, unfamiliar, and increasingly dangerous lands in a quest to find his family, whom he got separated from in the opening cutscene.  Getting to different areas means finding and passing through mechanical gates on this primarily machine-based planet.  However, gates will not open for slugcat unless his ""karma"" is at a certain level.  Karma goes up whenever you successfully spend a day eating enough food, not getting eaten yourself, and hibernating within a water-tight sanctuary before the bone-crushing rains fall each night.  Karma goes down whenever you die.  Not only that, but the gates themselves rarely have sanctuaries near them, so wandering all the way out to one when you don't have enough karma usually means death, and with it less karma.  This simple system I feel like is what turns people off to the game most of the time, but I thought it was beautiful and the primary reason I kept returning to Rain World.See, viewing the different areas as ""levels"" is probably the fastest way to get discouraged with this game.  Expecting that with enough skill one can sprint through every area in one go is going to make for a slow, painful, and disappointing playthough.  You must instead find value in taking small steps, and realize that even with every seemingly random death from sneaky and surprising predators, you are still making progress.  First off, karma never goes below a certain threshold, so whenever I find myself at the lowest level I enter the first of three modes of gameplay that I've constructed: scout mode.  The game's difficulty comes from an almost borne-souls system at times where sometimes the only way to know how to get past something is to have died to it once already.  This is why scout mode is so essential, so that one can learn the layout of an area without fear of consequence.  Use low karma as an opportunity to fill out your map and learn where predators live and how they hunt, rather than fruitlessly trying to raise it.The second mode is forager mode.  Again, this is not something that's literally in the game, but rather a method of playing that I've constructed.  Once you've thoroughly scouted and feel like you know where the safest and most food plentiful spots in an area are, it's time to build up karma.  Food and predators move slightly from day to day and can take several days to respawn, and will actively hunt and flee from you and each other offscreen, so even if you hibernate successfully one night successive nights can prove difficult, but this is why you scout.  Once your karma is suitably high, it's time to enter the final mode, the marathon runner, and make a mad dash with all your karma to the nearest gate.All that now said, let me summarize and defend.  Each area of the game CANNOT be mastered on the first run through.  The game is about testing, poking, prodding, learning, surviving, and ultimately preparing before inevitably continuing and exploring.  Only after practically memorizing an area can one surpass it, which at first glance seems like grinding and relying on good rng, but I've come to see the gates and karma as methods of actually mitigating rng's involvement in a player's success.  It's not enough to just by chance reach the end of an area to move on.  The game is asking you to prove that if asked to do so you could reliably and confidently reach the end of that area again and again and again.  Only then, only after literal mastery of an area, are you allowed to move on, and to me that's beautiful.  Rain World isn't just the hardest platformer I've ever witnessed; it's trained me to be better at it in ways that no other video game has.The Conclusion:There was a distinct moment in my playthrough where I remember confidently switching gears from flight to fight; where survival itself was no longer enough and I had to bend this world to my will in order to move on.  In time I realized that my slugcat had become even more monstrous that the many monsters he had feared for so long, and towards the end of my playthrough I realized that things could have gone differently.Rain World only has one ending, and that never changes.  I won't spoil the ending, but I will say that approaching it felt like approaching St. Peter and the pearly gates.  The build up to the end of Rain World felt like the buildup of unimaginable weight upon my shoulders.  I held my breath throughout the entire final experience, but when that final scene ended all that weight was lifted.  As my tears flowed it felt like my sins were being washed away.What you do along your journey doesn't change what the ending is, but it changes its meaning.  Rain World pushes you in such a way that you're forced to decide on whether or not in a harsh an unforgiving environment if you too will become harsh and unforgiving in order to reach your goals.  The journey becomes not about what ending you're going to earn, and instead about if along your journey you were a benefit to the lives you touched or a curse.  The weight of the ending comes from remembering why you set out on the journey in the first place.  Rain World teaches the value of others, the pain of isolation, the importance of finding a family, and the interconnectedness of all souls, passed or living.Rain World doesn't get a perfect score from me unfortunately due to glitches, lag, and clunky controls that are to be expected in such a massive indie game.  However, v1.01 fixes a lot of those issues and lessens artificial difficulty.  I hope this game continues to be polished, but its challenge doesn't get mitigated so far as to lose its unique charm."
,Recommended,312520,31250849,Posted: 19 April,all,RedCervidae,"Many people will rate this game down for being unconventionally difficult and I understand that, but this is a game that requires the player to have some patience and to get used to things before it becomes truly immersive. It took about 10 or so hours for me to feel comfortable in how to manage my time, pace myself, avoid predators, and know how to navigate areas properly.Once I did however this game became very fun and very worth it. I play it every day and it's worth every pennyPros:- Very unique gameplay, you won't find a survival game like this anywhere else- The enemy AI is very well done, they react to you differently depending on what you carry and do and even adapt hunting strategies- The world is big and fun to explore, every area is its own ecosystem, this means even your predators have predators- Beautiful art, music, and environments- Combat is very fun once you figure it out and get comfortable with it- Lore is surprisingly very well immersed into the game once you start exploring it, things start making a lot of sense but you have to put in effort to find that out and it feels very rewarding- You can make friends with many creatures! Even the ones who want to eat you can be your buddy if you try- When you get everything down it feels very rewarding to play since you will know exactly where to go to avoid or trick things that want to hurt you and you'll be able to turn the tides on some creatures that wrecked you real good in the beginning of the game.Cons- The difficulty is brutal. Many things that you need to look out for or avoid will kill you the first time you see them. Many areas will be hard to navigate the first time around. You'll have to re-do a lot of days and sometimes due you just won't be able to go to a certain place that day because there are too many enemies that spawned in that direction. But this IS the point of the game, to make you feel as helpless as the creature you're playing as. But this is not every person's cup of tea and thats okay.- Swimming, while improved from day 1 release, is still pretty difficult. Even if you get a lot of practice in, water physics will push you around, sometimes you won't be able to reach a platform in time because the tide's too low, ect.- Controls aren't too touched upon and are sometimes a bit wonky. You know what to press to eat, jump, and run, but the game won't tell you how to backflip, how to turn around in pipes, how to speed up in pipes, ect. it won't tell you that crawling is more quiet, and jumps will sometimes not work out as well because you didn't hold up/forward long enough- It's possible to lock yourself out of some content if you're not aware. There are some sections that don't tell you the direct consequences of your actions or where you'll be at a loss with what to do. In some places, performing an obvious action has very bad consequences that you're not warned about or aware of.- You have to put in time and patience for this game to feel comfortable. This isn't a game for people who just want to blaze through the story or just explore everything right away. This is a pacing thing, and its made that way to help you get more familiar with where things are and how the world is connected. This is very much not something everyone will enjoy doing."
76561198064105773,Recommended,312520,35065500,Posted: 19 September,all,miao,Recommended if you like challenge.Recommended if you like cute slugcats.Recommended if you like scary abominations.Absolutely recommended if you like condensed chaos.
76561198040471793,Recommended,312520,30897924,Posted: 2 April,all,errorclops,"Rain World is a perfect game.After skimming some harsh reviews my expectations were betting on a hardcore platformer that would beat the joy out it.Nothing could be further from the truth. Rain World is a perfect balance of beauty and brutality. Half of the fun for me has been trying to figure out the cryptic symbols, and environmental quirks of the game. It truly recreates being inside a fully immersive alien environment, emphasis on the word ALIEN.It's not necessary, but I've found myself making hand-drawn maps, and scribbling notes on all the different fauna and flora I'm encountering. What I love about the game is that there are moments of pure terror interspersed with plenty of slow, ambient moments, that still allow you to appreciate the incredible detail. The artwork is a colour palette wetdream, and I've found even more immersion by turning up the sound effects of the game, so that I've learned to distinguish environmental factors by ear.The slugcat itself is again such a great balance. By no means the alpha, he is by description a little sluggish to move at times, and has a soft exoskeleton that means one hit kills you. Yes, one hit, and it makes the decisions of the game even more exciting. Once I realised that many deaths would be necessary at the start of the game to gain the learning curve of the land, I started becoming very ballsy, and then learning that the game is not as hard as everyone makes out. It just takes observation. There are so many tiny nooks and crannies that you can hide into, and then just observe a good majority of the scary♥♥♥♥♥beasts that will make a lounge rug out of your fur.Rain World removes any sense of hand-holding. I can understand why so many people would hate this, but what it offers in return is the most genuine sense of exploration and wonder.Buy this game, and embrace it with an open mind, and I'm convinced that you will ♥♥♥♥ing love it."
,Not Recommended,312520,30850415,Posted: 31 March,all,Robot Joe,"why did yall make your game so frustrating and tedious to play???The game is so pretty and atmospheric. I love how there is a sort of ecosystem going on with creatures interacting with each other and stuff, critters at different lvls of the food chain. How you can interact with them and stuff is very cool but it's just mired by it's unnecessary difficulty.Checkpoints that are so spread out from each other sometimes, the looming death timer that is the rain mechanic and sometimes pixel perfect platforming the game demands from you, which is like insane with how your characters movements are a bit physics driven so there's a little randomness to that, sometimes you mess up a leap or a grab because your slugcat behaved a little weird, it's jsut so frustrating. There is this no gravity region of the game that is just a nightmare and sometimes you will fling yourself in weird angles without meaning to and drift into unavoidable death because there is no air control.Dying all the time wouldn't be so bad if like there wasn't a lot of waiting to go along with it, some things take their time to kill you before you can restart at a checkpoint, so that's like a few seconds and once you do restart you have to wait another few seconds for your hybernation chamber to open up to go out there and repeat and wait.I hope they release a mode for babies like me. There are things i really really like about this game but are so hard to enjoy thanks to the randomness and how unforgiving it can be. :("
,Recommended,312520,34197693,Posted: 12 August,all,Markimus,"Great game, really nice gameplay with a challenging difficulty curve. If you can, stop reading reviews and purchase the game to avoid any spoilers."
,Recommended,312520,31110360,Posted: 12 April,all,Nesnay,"Graphic is incredible, sound is excellent, gameplay is fun with its refreshing ideas going on with a well round, organic, real time, living ecosystem. The game is very responsive and feel fluid.A very long and steep learning curve (15-20h+) as you have to learn without proper explanation a very very complex move set, and how to live in a big organic world where you are the hunted. The game being a metaphor for life some death are pretty random, unforgiving, and unfair which may be frustrating because. Shelters, and special powers gained with karma are both way too few and far between. Controls are good but hindered by sometimes clunky moves that could mean death in an inopportune moment.A both excellent but incredibly harsh platforming game. Let it go and just play. You and the game both get better the more you put in, as true progress is found in the knowledge the player gained every time he play. An acquired taste.3.5/5"
,Recommended,312520,30858636,Posted: 31 March,all,Mickyan,"It's brutal and at times frustrating, but Rain World is a journey full of wonder and mistery that will make you want to persevere just to see what lies ahead."
,Recommended,312520,30811553,Posted: 29 March,all,SnakeLordJelly,"Rain World is a game that is definitely not for everyone.Rain World is not the power fantasy that many gamers strive to experience.Rain World places you at a low rung on a diverse food chain, and challenges you to survive in a savage ecosystem in which most everything is out to get you. The experience can be absolutely painful, but there is immense reward for those that take to time to learn the way in which this mysterious world works."
76561198024218344,Recommended,312520,34877135,Posted: 10 September,all,Gaming Raz,"You’re a slugcat. You’re nothing. You should already be dead.Rain World looks to be set in a fairly commonplace videogame post-apocalypse at first. Wild vegetation grows from mysterious structures, the skeletons of skyscrapers scratch a grey sky, and living is neither convenient nor fun. Except in Rain World you’re a slugcat and the apocalypse it must endure is among the bleakest and most punishing I’ve ever experienced. You’re not punching trees to build abodes, you’re not meeting warring survivor factions and buddying up, you’re not grinding for a nice pair of trousers. You’re just surviving, by a thread. And it’s hard to do that.It’s a platformer and a survival game, but neither of those categories are a neat fit for Rain World’s peculiar brand of misery. Although Rain World stands apart as one of the most alienating and difficult games in recent memory.There’s little to the game. You’re a slugcat, wrestled away from its family and plunged into a decayed urban dreamscape plagued with erratic, free-roaming monstrosities that want to eat you. As a slugcat you’re close to the bottom of the food chain, but not rock bottom: you’ll need to eat bats to survive, or more accurately, eat in order to hibernate. Hibernating can only be done in hibernation chambers, and one must have at least four units of food in order to use them. These chambers are infrequent, with each rest cycling to a different season in-world. Seasons work like a ladder: hibernate without dying, and you’ll move up. Die, and you’ll move down. This process is agonising, but I won’t spoil why.Oh, and the reason you can only hibernate in chambers is because they’re waterproof. As the name implies, there’s rain in this game, and like virtually every other damn thing in Rain World, it kills you. Each life, or hibernation cycle, is timed: if you don’t get anywhere meaningful in the allotted time, such as another hibernation chamber (for which you’ll need to be well fed for), then you’re DEAD.You’re a slugcat. You’re nothing. You should already be dead.There’s a whole lot more to learn about how Rain World works, but I’ve already said too much. The game only explains how to eat and how to hibernate, otherwise you only have the guiding hand of a cryptic yellow ghost, which you’ll probably try to kill and eat early on, as the game refrains from telling you that it's there to help.On that note, the early hours of Rain World will annoy anyone without steely patience: slugcat’s traversal feels cumbersome and it's terrible at jumping, but once you get a feel for what this game is trying to do (make you feel utterly disempowered) it will feel less like bad design and more thematically appropriate.You’re a slugcat. You’re nothing. You should already be dead.And yet, there are small problems with traversal that are hard to ignore, like you have when three glowing numbskulls pursuing you for nourishment.Rain World requires improvisation and smarts, and there’s no way to trick it into being easier.The early hours are taxing, and in all honesty, it continues to be taxing. It’s not relaxing. It’s not a game to wash away your daily worries with. But the variety of the world’s barren landscapes will keep the determined pushing on, and the seemingly insurmountable challenges are, well, surmountable, but not thanks to 'tricks' per se. You just have to be smart about it. You have to learn—and then very vaguely know—how to survive.You have to accept that sometimes you’ll be unlucky. Is that too demanding? For the vast majority of players, I expect it is. For those with the time and patience, Rain World will prove unforgettable.And that’s because, often, it is unfair. That is the core of what Rain World is about: failure.I recommend this game to the players with a plethora of patientce.It's a hard game to learn."
76561198004265841,Recommended,312520,32693976,Posted: 23 June,all,Taiga-Chan,Definitely a thrilling work. Rain World is a tough exploration game testing your patience and intelligence. Definitely worth a playthrough to view a unique world full of life trying to survive.
,Recommended,312520,31075409,Posted: 11 April,all,Pasda' Ⓢ,Beautiful and big worldUnique AI for each creatureChallenging BUT rewarding platformerCharming musicsBoth stressful and relaxingGreat immersionBuy it if you're not a♥♥♥♥♥at platformerz
76561198067753048,Not Recommended,312520,33920443,Posted: 30 July,all,IKON CLAM SANDWICH minichibis,"This game is a masterpiece in almost all senses of the word. The world looks gorgeous, the concept is amazing, the combat is an absolute joy both in concept and (unlike most of the rest of the game) even execution, focusing on escaping a variety of memorable enemies and enviornmental hazards. The time limit, while harsh, is a game idea that I love that adds context and tension to every player action. If I'm giving this game glowing praise, why am I not reccomending it?I do not agree with the character's controls, on even a base physical level.To put it simply, the character drops like a brick. This beings most common action is to fall flat on his face after missing one of the many jumps. The level design does little to help, throwing a complex map at the player from ground zero. Shelter is scarce and even the FIRST AREA is littered with jumps that require massive amounts of skill / trial and error, which the player is not given time to accrue due to a brutal time limit system. If the level design was a bit easier or more linear in the start, branching out later, it would be perfectly fine to acclimate the player. Hell, if the gravity was 3/4ths its current value, navigating the world wouldnt be so risky, as you wouldnt waste 90% of your precious time trying to make one damn jump that may not even be possible.I want to like this game. I love it's world, soundtrack, monsters, and enviornments. I've played hard games before and enjoyed them fully. But sadly, I never was able to get into games where the difficulty curve starts out with a giant wall of expectations on the player before they can dive in. My 60 minutes with it were fun enough but were tainted by an underlying frustration I knew wouldnt subside for a long time if ever.Summary: While this game is well made and beautiful, several core problems make the game a frustrating experience that, while perhaps a beautiful experience once you sink your teeth into it, is something prohibitively hard to get into."
76561198145795066,Recommended,312520,30806145,Posted: 28 March,all,Ylla,"I guess you already know if you’re going to like this game but if you feel doubt after reading some of the reviews, let me remind you:-The game is not that hard, it just requires an entirely different approach from what you’re probably accustomed to, think on how the Oddworld series or Alien: Isolation works, if you liked those games you will love Rain World.-The controls are not bad, they just work different, they’re not janky or unresponsive at all (I’m looking at you The Swindle), they were designed for keyboard first, then for controllers, so don’t be afraid if you don’t have one.-There’s very little hand holding, but all the important mechanics are organically explained if you pay attention. But then there’s always the internet so ask away, PCGamer already has an article with good tips for your journey.-This game has a whopping 1600 screens and some of the areas are probably the most beautiful places you’ll ever visit on a videogame. The music is also top notch and the intro succeeded at making me feely even when Ori and the Blind Forest failed to.-The karma system is ok, but some people (including me) have problems with the checkpoint placement, I would love it if there was checkpoints next to every gate.-The karma system will tell you how hard is a place, if opening a gate requires a high karma symbol beware.-This game commits the cardinal sin of having death pits that are very hard to distinguish from normal pits, it’s only on one area, in the “harder” part of the game, but it is a problem nonetheless.-You can drop items without throwing them too far away with down + throw, you can also switch hands by double taping the grab button, you can also eat a non-edible item for use latter, just hold the grab button like you would to eat something and do it again to regurgitate.-There’s a lot of small things that make the experience easier but I wouldn’t want them spoiled for me, so I won’t spoil them for you.All in all I highly recommend this game as a unique experience that doesn’t just play it safe like so many others platformers (just this year we’ve had Hollow Knight and Owl Boy). This game is bold, fresh and truly innovative, but it also has some very rough edges… And yet it stands a much better chance of not just being remembered (and copied at nauseam) but also of deeply resonating with its core audience.(At the time of writing this review I have probably 10 hours clocked with the game, I played offline at college, yes 7 hours, and yes I missed three classes)"
,Recommended,312520,34645611,Posted: 31 August,all,azlech,"Now this is a game that had me hooked from the beginning.So early on when I saw this game I thought, ""Wow! That really looks like fun! Reading reviews tells me that this is the kind of game that requires you to think when you platform and that it's always important to remember everything in your surroundings.""After recently buying this game, I had a weird first impression. This game has very little hand holding. You're told the basic controls as you navigate through the tutorial-esque zone and you learn what this world is about. It's chaos, that's what. Afterwards I found myself being stuck, constantly attempting to break the cycle of repeated deaths along with trying to find a hibernation chamber, and I was only on the first part of the game! So instead of giving up and what not, I decided that my new goal was to get to know the game better.Hours have flown by with me experimenting with advanced movement commands and developing strategies to defeat predators that once had me hooked at every turn. From what I can tell, most people are turned away from it's almost unfair feeling, but that's what this game is about. Life can be unfair, and I think that's the perfect difficulty for this game. I've never been required to think extensively in a platforming game before, especially one that leaves you feeling as heavy as the kid in Limbo. Perfectly set up jumps, well timed slides, everything you have can be used to your advantage or your always constantly impending doom. I'm far from done with this game and there's still much more left for me to explore. The more I explore the more I learn about what it is I'm actually supposed to be doing. The game uncovers itself as you, the Slugcat, wander in search of something you hold dear only to find that there is much more to this world than meets the eye.For those of you who don't want to read that, here's my summary of the game along with some pros and cons.The game is a difficult platformer which definitely required some perseverance for me to continue, and it's worth it. The world around you is constantly teeming with life and threats as you navigate the labyrinth of such a world.Pros:• The ""fair"" unfair difficulty• The requirement to think quickly in most situations• Based on exploration, yet limited in the confines of time• Oddly makes me come back for more each day• Always a difficult but rewarding experienceCons:• Probably a huge turn off for people new to these kinds of games (platformer, limited ability, difficult exploration)Considering all that, this game gets my 10/10"
,Recommended,312520,32894741,Posted: 27 June,all,EvanPomakov,"Rain World Is a very good game, but it is very hard. This game will break you and if you are not a fan of finding out almost all of the game mechanics by your self then I would not recomend this game for you. But if you injoy the idea of exploring a world where you are near the bottom of the food web and you are okay with the intense difficulty level then I would recomend this game."
,Recommended,312520,33638099,Posted: 18 July,all,LoftyLoftyLoftyLoftyLofty,"I have nothing but nice things to say about this game.Rain World is difficult - you're going to be struggling to survive in an ecosystem where almost everything wants to eat you, and it's absolutely thrilling. The AI for each of the different creatures you encounter is vicious and unforgiving, and the motif of hunt or be hunted is a pervasive theme throughout the game.Rain World is huge, and the artistic style of the game gives it a lot of personality, easily setting it apart from a lot of games I've played that also cater to the post-apocalyptic, industrial game setting.The game's description says that the control scheme gives Slugcat a unique sense of weight. It's hard to stress it enough that this statement is 100% accurate. It takes practice to learn to properly control your character in Rain World, but once you've mastered it, you're empowered to play with each area in crazy ways - you can have hours of fun just jumping around because this game's controls are so tight.The OST is fantastic. My favorite track is Kayava.If you're looking for a huge world to explore, challenging platforming, and adrenaline rushes - this is your game.Also Moon is bae."
,Recommended,312520,30855732,Posted: 31 March,all,Quickdraw Kid,"[STory completion update below]Well, there's a reason for all the mixed reviews. I've only played a little, but I think it's enough to give you an idea of what to expect.This game seems to be likened to dark souls for its difficulty, but I disagree. It is far closer to Prince of Persia (the original). You control a slugcat who has a very realistic way of moving around. If you've played Prince of Persia, you already know that your jumps suck and platforming is a slow, methodical game. Rain World is a little faster, but it is definitely not a Mario or Metroid.Critics are also pointing out that the random enemy spawns are unfair and can halt progression. Yes, the spawns are unfair, but I don't really view that as a detractor. The ecosystem in the game does not revolve around you. The other creatures have behaviors of their own which they will follow regardless of you. It's realistic, and I love/hate it, but I wouldn't change it.Others have also complained about the controls. Most platformers have tight controls (mario, metroid). This platformer has loose controls. Again, think of Prince of Persia; your character reacts immediately, but cannot accelerate quickly. You cannot stop on a dime. Waves will mess with your ability to navigate in the water. You will jump just short of the gap.Finally, I would suggest watching a few episodes of Thesparrowjourney's let's play of this game BEFORE you buy it. It helped my decision and the first few episodes do not contain any real spoilers. I think that most of the detractors here went in expecting metroidvania or Ori, and were thus disappointed.[UPDATE]Once, you've learned that you AREN'T Mario or Samus. The game is not really that hard. Sure, you get stuck sometimes, but you will eventually overcome the obstacle. The hardest part is determining which paths to take. Even then, just follow the last instruction you recieved! Keep going in that direction until something happens.I reached the end of the story in about 10 hours following the instructions the worm gave. Never did I encounter an area in which I was truly stuck and thought the game was unfair."
,Recommended,312520,30867746,Posted: 31 March,all,Paradox-Sephiroth,"Incredibly difficult it is a constant thrill ride! The hardest part of the game though is finding more safe rooms,gathering food,avoiding monsters and simply staying alive. Still the game is a true unique blast but not for everyone , expect a slow paced game! Expect to die frequently!"
,Recommended,312520,31793897,Posted: 16 May,all,Uhoh,A good way to achieve inner peace.
,Recommended,312520,31514013,Posted: 2 May,all,sgould,"Rain World is by turns frustrating and wondrous. I’m not a highly skilled player of games, though I did well enough at Hyper Light Drifter. That game, while difficult, never felt unfair or repetitive. Rain World, though, has sections that I’ve had to repeat too many times to feel fun anymore. So I walk away… and within half an hour I want right back in. There are strange creatures around every bend, melancholy vistas, interactions with the world that feel organic, rich. The other inhabitants feel real, driven by their own motivations to survive. Over time a sense of place develops, and familiarity with the world’s dangers and nuances, that makes me want to return, just to inhabit it again. The controls aren’t as fluid as HLD (how many games’ are?), overcoming challenges feels more like a relief than a triumph, and I could take issue with the designs of certain areas that feel downright cruel… but I don’t think a “fun” experience would stick in my imagination the way Rain World does."
,Recommended,312520,31007226,Posted: 7 April,all,Ivan,"I think Rain World is a great game. It's got a somewhat simple yet unique and srprisingly good layout, which for my part is very rare with most platform games. It'sa bit difficult at first but once you get the hang of it, you'll appreciate it. I like it for it being constantly challenging, rather than something that just requires 'routine'.I definitely recommend Rain World, though maybe just for those that has the time and interest in playing and learning how to play the game. It does work well better for those with a sharp memory, as you'll want to remember the different pathways, to find the energy flowers, to open certain gates and unlock new levels. In my opinion there's much more to this game than meets the eye, definitely worth the money, unlike some other games."
,Recommended,312520,31148574,Posted: 14 April,all,Treble Clefy,"I love this game. It's a nice little world to be in.Massive open 2D world brimming with variety and a largely complex ecosystem.In my opinion, it's the survival game done right while also remaining interesting.Grab it if it looks neat.Also, the soundtrack is very notable. Get the bundle if you can afford to/ like weird charming music."
,Recommended,312520,31225720,Posted: 18 April,all,Whimsigen,<3
76561198038868694,Recommended,312520,32701238,Posted: 23 June,all,Oobarsten,"I bought 15 games for the 2017 Summer Sale, and this was one of them.9 games I returned for one reason or another.6 I kept.  Out of those 6, this is my favorite purchase.Rain World wasn't even in the running as a consideration for this summer.  At the last minute I decided to add this unique game in.  Something about it just called to me.  The beginning intro was magical.  I haven't played anything of this quality in quite awhile.  Pure gold.(It's only 2 1/2 months old and it's already on 40% sale.  Grab it if you want something different and of quality at a fair price)"
76561198055049398,Recommended,312520,31209155,Posted: 17 April,all,The Bald Builder,"10/10This game is a massive beatiful work of art. I myself have not played many platformers, but this was by far the best.This game is challanging because it forces you to think while acting, there are some ""rules "" in this game that you will learn as second nature. I disagree with the idea that this game is RNG heavy, for instance many people will argue that most of the monster related deaths were unfair, however most of the times the monsters are completely avoidable. for instance when traveling between screens its easy to tell if there is somthing waiting on the other side and you can peek into the next roon with no real danger if you simply crawl into the room and then leave, if somthing chases you you can simply retreat or better juke the enemy by entering the duct when they do (the duct will light up another color if somthing is traveling through it). you just got to remember to always keep a look out for these signs. as for platforming, this game is very difficult and you need to learn your small slug cats abilities. I hate when people complain that this little guy cant jump high enough. Trust me slug cat is agile and , if played properly, can dodge danger like a ninja, but hes not a superhero that can jump triple his height.This game is addicting it will leave you fusterated to the point of rage but it will always bring you back with its sense of exploration and wondering whats at the end (trust me the end is worth the fustratiion). Rain world is mainly broken up into sectors that must be acessed through gates that require that you have a high enough ""karma"" (karma is practically how many days you have survived without dieing, i.e if you survive 3 day and die once after the third day, your karma will be 2,). Each of these sectors pose there own challanges that slug cat and you must identify and figure out how to overcome (and they can be overcome!). Another interesting fact is that this game is not linear in the sense that you can travel to different sectors from where you are currently and that there are many ways to get to a gate to proceed to the next area. If you ever get stuck in one area, its not a bad idea to try a different rout, or even backtrack to get some karma.Finnaly, visualy and mechanicaly the game is beatiful and realistic, the amount of detail for just one room is astounding and the way that slugcat moves is seamless and realistic. also the music is a great aspect that gives each sector a different mood.Overall I give this game 10/10"
,Recommended,312520,31530958,Posted: 3 May,all,Renafox レナ,"It's brutal yet beautiful, if you can look past it's extreme difficulty and flaws, there's a game with an incredible amount of depth and secrets to discover.I reccomend it if you like metroidvanias, survival games, or just something nice to look at.Here's hoping for more content updates in the future!"
76561198051815937,Recommended,312520,34260956,Posted: 15 August,all,Ugandan Naval Officer,"Beautifully detailed and uncannily well-animated, Rain World effectively combines morbid post-industrial landscapes with vivid, lush and delightfully foreign ecosystems to create an experience that seems to cement the notion that digital games can just as much be considered an art form as a means of generating profit.Pros:- Beautiful art style- Fluid animations- Well-developed physics engine- Procedural music generation lends itself to the game's atmosphere- Highly complex and dynamic ecosystem that can be navigated using any number of strategies- Persistent, fairly sophiscated AI grants a degree of permanence to the effects of interactions with other creatures- NPC behavior can be influenced by certain environmental factors such as food scarcity and approaching rainNeutral:- Predators are easy to maim, but difficult to kill- Some predators demonstrate vent-camping behavior, making progress difficult- Mistakes, no matter how insignificant, frequently prove costly- No health system; the player cannot be wounded, only killed.- New players will be viciously jackhammered by predators should they choose to take them head-onCons:- Poor mouse tracking in fullscreen mode- Poor menu optimisation- Limited resolution options- Clunky, simplistic controls that don't seem to reflect the game's overall complexity- Jagged, disorienting transitions from screen to screen- Cheap, inescapable deaths are fairly common- Inability to control the velocity and angle of thrown objects- Spears cannot be removed from walls- Inability to easily cycle back through previously explored areas- Limited amount of time between rains leaves little time for exploration- Grinding for karma levels can make gameplay repetitive"
76561197999121587,Recommended,312520,30861389,Posted: 31 March,all,Floccinaucinihilipilification,"I've been following Rain World's development for a while now, and it has not disappointed me in the slightest! As a small and vulnerable prey animal, death is always only one snap of a predator's jaws away. And yes, you can only travel between areas if you've survived several days consecutively, meaning you can (and will) set out and end up further away from progressing than before. I can see the frustration that this causes many players, and it's true that the controls are a bit awkward sometimes, but it doesn't ruin the experience for me - I'm quite happy to abandon hopes of moving forward and focus on survival for a while. It's grinding, sure, but what a world to grind in! The detail that has gone into the levels and their weird and wonderful wildlife, with a unique procedural animation system, is really something special, and this has always been the game's draw for me.It's definitely not a relaxing game, and can be quite unfair - Mother Nature is cruel and random, and this game pulls no punches in illustrating that. As it stands, I probably would not recommend this game if your time is precious and you don't want to be frustrated. However, if you are interested in spending time struggling against nature in Rain World's beautiful pixel-art wasteland and uncovering its mysteries, do give it a try. The devs seem to be paying close attention to player feedback, and hopefully with a few patches they can polish up some of the rougher edges and help this game get the recognition it deserves!"
76561198077714390,Recommended,312520,31196604,Posted: 17 April,all,prime amoeba,"5/5A dynamic alien ecosystem simulator (from the lower end of the food chain) camouflaged as a metroidvania platformer. The game has a really-really strong and immersive audiovisual theme and emergent gameplay that'll just suck you in and won't let go.Rain World is a product of creativity and love that's became sadly rare these days. If there's any justice left in the world, it'll get the support and recognition it deserves.On the hot topic of difficulty:It IS a hard and punishing game, so be ready climb the steep learning curve. It's completely worth it though and you'll be rewarded with well designed  and sweet fruits of exploration (and still occasional gruesome death by a maw, tentacle, or various combinations of both). IMHO  the difficulty is over-exaggarated by the initial low-attention-spam response of the media - even though there's moments of trial-and-error the game is never unfair and gives lots of breathing room for learning the ropes."
,Recommended,312520,31332392,Posted: 23 April,all,Josbird,"The number one thing to remember about this game is that it does not reward overly linear gameplay. If you go in expecting to do things in one go and keep trying to do the same thing every time you die you will hate the experience. Just like the slugcat is at the mercy of the ecosystem, you are at the mercy of the game. The only way to enjoy Rain World is to approach it like a problem solver, not just a gamer.That being said, everything about this game is phenomenal. The controls, though they may seem clumsy at first, afford a great level of control over the heavily physics based platforming you are faced with in Rain World. The environments are enthralling and the sound design is the best I've ever seen. The soundtrack, though I personally don't find it as stellar as others do, has some real gems. The lore is fascinating. In summary?I WANT MORE. 😍"
,Recommended,312520,31332706,Posted: 23 April,all,SquareUnit,"Incredibly satisfying and hard game, it will put you in awe if you let it grow on you. Totally recommended for people who like metroidvania platformers. Avoid any form of spoilers!"
,Recommended,312520,34211377,Posted: 13 August,all,Cyber Dark Arts,"You might have heard the saying that Mother Nature is both beautiful and cruel.Well, the same can be said of Rain World.The world you inhabit as the lonely (but adorable) Slugcat is quite frankly gorgeous and yet around every corner is another way to die horribly!Be it to the predators, the plants, or the weather.With this in mind, I would have to say that Rain World is definitely for a niche audience.You die often, you’re punished for dying and progression is often slow-paced… and yet, for me (and a few others) this is partially why we love Rain World.You genuinely feel like a small fish in a very large, dangerous ocean.You can run but you might not get away.You can hide but they might find you.You can fight but you’ll most likely die.It’s this desperate struggle for survival that gives Rain World such a beautifully bleak tone, a quality rarely found elsewhere.I’ve been cornered near a safe zone, I've known that a Lizard was close, dangerously close but being unable to stay hidden much longer, I made a run for it!Unfortunately, the beast quickly gave chase and after a few twists and turns, it ran me straight into a dead end. That was it, I was a goner but I had my spear with me, so I wouldn’t go down without a fight!Suddenly a second Lizard dropped from above, landing directly on the first and they both proceeded to fight over the little morsel that was me. During the scuffle, they both ended up rolling off a ledge and disappearing into an abyss.Wow, I thought I'm saved… and then it started to rain.The next minute was a desperate search for food, for shelter, for anything that would allow me to survive through what was the Slugcat equivalent of the genesis flood.It was during this frantic time that I realized that I was really having a lot of fun.So many games make you a powerhouse or at the very least give you a chance to dodge roll your way to victory.So few games take away your power, put you near the bottom of the food chain and then spank you when you inevitably becoming a meal for something much, much bigger....and this might just be the inner masochist in me talking but I freaking love it.Update: Just fixed a spelling error."
,Recommended,312520,30834043,Posted: 30 March,all,aLittleCoyote,"At only three hours in I've only scratched the surface of what Rain world has to offer, but feel like writing a short review of my thoughts so far.The game may become more frustrating as it continues but I've found the first few hours to be an enjoyable venture through a world which doesn't feel built to suit you, but rather that you've been dropped into and must overcome. The random nature of the creatures inhabiting the environment gives the world a very 'alive' feeling and I've enjoyed my time in it so far. So far I have always had somewhere new to explore, even if the way I'd originally intended looks a bit too precarious to attempt at that moment due to creatures roaming the area.The game has felt at its most rewarding when not pushing too hard to overextend, but explore and understand the surroundings migrating closer to food sources when the need arises. The dots surrounding the lower left symbol indicate the time until the next rain, and when there are few of them I try to feel out the surrounding area and plan bigger excursions for those days with a lot of time before rain. Patience is a requirement for Rain World and attempts to rush will lead to frustration.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration without set goals, and isn't put off by a steeper than average learning curve."
76561198070828898,Recommended,312520,31753168,Posted: 14 May,all,Chewbaccasaurus,"There's no game like Rain World out there. Its a beautful game that offers so many varying interactions with a wide variety of creatures. The movement in this game remarkable, with so many variations in the way that one can move their slugcat. Although this game is often described as unforgiving and unfair, I don't think it is at all. Because of the very subtle but sensitive controls, any failure that occurs is enitrely down to the player's fault. Even though one may die many more times tha one may hibernate in this game, each death is a lesson of what not to do next time. Through playing this game I have learnt how to play the game. Its not an unfair game in this sense because one always has the opportunity perform better in a new situation because of what they have learnt. There is also so much mystery in this game that really adds to the depth of how one thinks about the entire game. Not that it really needs it because the map that I'm aware of is already huge. There is easily enough game content to make this game worrth £15. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a puzzle and very acrobatic fight sequences. Some of the stuff that happens in this game really is quite mad. The amount of close shaves constantly keeps the player on their toes. This game is so sick and I just wanna keep playing it :P"
,Recommended,312520,31148970,Posted: 14 April,all,ScrubWalrus,"If you are a masochist, you'll love this"
,Recommended,312520,30852670,Posted: 31 March,all,thunderleg,"Rain World heavily relies on trial and error and experimentation to progress. Dont dismiss this game after only a couple of hours of play, as what may seem like poor design choices can be easily mistaken as a lack of understanding of how to play this game. Be curious and find out what you can and cannot do and you'll have fun.Of course this game is hard and some parts can be absolutely unforgiving (trying to figure out how long you can breathe underwater before dying was a real pain and lead to alot of backtracking) but theres a certain joy of discovery that outweighs the frustration that you would never be able to get from a tutorial telling you what to do. You are intended to play this game like what a lost slugcat would do if it was seperated by its family and now lost in a foreign environment - adapt and survive. Theres nobody here to hold your hand."
,Recommended,312520,30929858,Posted: 3 April,all,Reldio,"+Best pixel art in videogames in some time, genuinely beautiful and creative.+Incredibly tense predator/prey gameplay+Possibly the best depiction of a real ecosystem in videogame history+Organic gameplay; discover things yourself+Sound design is great, distinctive sound effects for predators, music shows up when appropiate and is excellent+Fantastic procedural animation for movement, for both player and enemies+Each creature is iconic, unique and a delight to learn the habits of-Often incredibly unfair in difficulty; This is one of the only games in history where you WILL die multiple times no matter how good you are at games, you can enter a new screen and instantly be eaten due to enemy behaviour-Lacking in story if that's important to you-Controls can be very fiddly and frustrating, takes a lot of getting used to-Organic gameplay wont appeal to some people, can take lots of experimentation to work out what some plants or smaller creatures do"
,Not Recommended,312520,30873521,Posted: 1 April,all,Kom,"Overall: Great presentation, less than stellar experienceVisually stunning, pleasing to the ears, interesting mechanically, and full of new information to reveal, but too many times do I feel like success or failure are more left up to chance than by any fault of my own and the player character doesn't behave as expected given my inputsThis game is a 'survival' exploration platformer, in that survival is more a theme than in any kind of exceptional game mechanics. You can wander about from place to place, making sure you can collect at least four units of food before you find a new shelter, all the while avoiding enemies and other hazards along the way. At each shelter, when you have food, your game is saved, and you gain a karma point. With enough points, you can progress past doors to other sections. Dying causes you to lose a point.That's this game in a nutshell, but that's not what the game is about. It's how it expands upon and details all of these mechanics that make the game much more. The environments are diverse, the enemies are unique, and around every turn there's something new. Finding out that I couldperform maneuvers like rolling, backflipping, sliding, or my ability to store items in the character's mouth by holding the pickup key, as well as encountering certain items and interactions, like findingmushrooms that slow time or spears with stunning explosives on them, or realizing thatthe little blue and black seeds can be thrown into water to create foodwere the kinds of experiences I initially felt the game would be all about.The game continues to build on that, adding more dynamics, more enemies, and more hazards along the way.  The initial excitement came from being able to investigate options by tinkering with objects, routes, and by observing enemy behaviors. However, as time goes on, this excitement will fade, or will come in small bursts as new areas are unlocked or new bits of the game and its mysteries are revealed.You will become frustrated. The random enemy placement that will cause you to die before you can react, or force you to wait until your time runs out. The fidgety nature of the physics platforming and inaccurate controls, which, while they make sense, will lead to your doom on more than one occasion. The incredibly frustrating rooms full of things that will kill you time and time again as you spend hours trying to work your way through a single section. These kinds of complications aren't readily present in the trailer or the game description.At the end of it all, I have 'beaten' this game, which, judging by the achievements at the time of writing, is roughly 0.6% of all players. It was no easy task, and my journey was a hateful, spite-filled one, as I drove to overcome the challenges this game presented. I was satisfied to have seen what I set out to accomplish, but it was not a happy and fun experience. It is definitely not the game I initially expected.It seems a fair number of the more popular reviews are from people who haven't even really been to the game's 'halfway point' which means they're still kind of reviewing only a partial experience. I don't mean to call into question the validity of other people's opinions, because they're still fair points, but there's still more to it than just that, and trying to detail it out would ruin most of the game's actual experience.Edit: Thankfully with patch 1.01 several of my initial concerns have been addressed, so I have revised this review to reflect both this patch and my completion of the game, with more a focus on the game's overall experience and tone, which can't easily be described through breaking down specific mechanics alone."
76561198212089960,Recommended,312520,34248271,Posted: 14 August,all,Skilliton,"Rain World can be a difficult game, especially when you first start, but over time the game can be very fun. As of now, i have 75 hours into the game and I can only say that the controls have been ""bad"" once or twice. Sereiousley, the people complaining about the games controls need to grow up."
76561198153186950,Recommended,312520,31241416,Posted: 19 April,all,Courtflash,"Amazing game, highly recommended for those who like adventure and survival. Very immersive, easy to lose yourself for hours. Quite challenging, can take a while to learn the mechanics but becomes very addictive once you do. One of my favourite games of 2017."
76561198112139289,Recommended,312520,34688542,Posted: 2 September,all,Jävla Snupp,"I personally love the setting, the world, and all the creatures, items and places. The game is nerve-wracking hard at points, and it can be unfair sometimes. The big, powerful creatures look terrifying, and the fact that everything one-shots you in this game doesn't make them cuddlier. The environments and the background really lookes gorgeous and beatiful, just stay on your toes, because anything might kill you while you adore the scenery. The creatures looks unique, and you will soon memorize the characteristics of most of them.The world is HUGE, and it seems even HUGERER because you have to die and start over a lot of times. The karma system combined with the Rain system makes you want to hurry and find food, and then the next shelter. It's really terrifying to have a race against time while avoiding colorful lizards and enjoying the environments.There is, as said, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t times in this game. Such as when you enter a tunnel to another screen there is a monster there that insta-kills you, and you didn't even know that it existed. Or when you just walk into another screen and get munched on by everything sitting there and taking advantage of the screen-system. And the map is pretty useless, I rarely use it.BTW I've heard people having problems with controls, well, I don't. Maybe because I use a GamePadOverall 8.5/10I just love these kind of games, recommended to anyone that seeks a challange or just some exploration (both actually)"
76561198075369066,Recommended,312520,31480659,Posted: 1 May,all,Jonny Joumba,"Esthetically, I humbly believe this game to be a success. It matches the subtle (or blank?) cuteness of the protagonist with the harshness and dark colors of the world in a fluid and engaging way. Fluid is, not accidentally, a key quality of the gameplay, for it flows in a harmony of jumps, throws, sleep and scares.You might have read the article on the subject, but it is clear after a few minutes in the game just how it is influenced by the dark souls. That should help you decide if the game is for you, considering how wide spread the Dark Souls serie is, and probably should be. Rain World shares with DS harsh, but rewarding gameplay, a nice learning curve, a dark atmosphere (though the family dream does create a sort of light in the tunnel) and relentless enemies.I definitely recommend it!"
76561198047951914,Recommended,312520,30862484,Posted: 31 March,all,SequenceK,"I still haven't finished the game. But from what I played, I recommend this game. This game is a unique experience. You have a world to explore and many dangers in your path. I wouldn't want to spoil much thou, but if you like exploration coupled with platforming, then this game is for you."
76561198061908771,Recommended,312520,30827991,Posted: 29 March,all,Mallard Mayhem & Robo Ram,"This game was well worth the wait. It has amazing game play the climbing on poles and crawling in pipes works so very well and the movement is so smooth and that's amazing because all the animations in the game are animated rag dolls so when you usually think of ragdolls you don't think of something so fluid like that. The visuals are stunning,beautiful and I especially love that creatures have bright colors so it's easy to identify them. Also the music is very amazing especially when you're being attacked and the closer an enemy is to you the more intense the music is. The farther I get in this game the more and more I love it! I really think that half the people that gave bad reviews didn't give it a fair chance either there because the game is too ""hard"" even though if you don't have a challenge then everything is boring. or because the controls are bad but the gameplay and all the movement isn't bad at all. Now the button placement is bad but you could bind the controls to different keys so I did w a s d to move,spacebar to jump then I use left arrow for pickup down arrow for throw and right arrow for map. It was really easy to change so that's no excuse either. So to sum it all up I think it's a fun challenging game and you should go get it right now!!!"
,Recommended,312520,31088091,Posted: 11 April,all,Berbroll,"Great niche game, but its not for everyone. It requires a good deal of patience at first, but after you get the 'rules' down you'll be enjoying the exploration."
,Recommended,312520,30842484,Posted: 30 March,all,leafy,"You play as a slugcat trying to survive in a harsh environment. From my first time playing it took a bit to get used to the controls but I got it eventually. The game is also really pretty but also has this dense pressure on you most of the time. One false move and you could get eaten or get trapped in the rain. Seriously though, when you get in a sticky situation between you and those other creatures your blood will start to pump. I recommend this game to those who are ready to face a challenge, since this game can sometimes make it feel like its leaving you out of the loop. The challenge would also be to stay alive more than an hour, which does feelreallyunforgiving once you die. At least you get to respawn at the last place you hibernated in.. or at least I think thats how it works. I suggest you give it a try, but if you're looking for a game to just jump into and start having fun this may not be the game for you. If you're a casual type of player, then I suggest you wait for a price drop if you're considering on buying this game."
,Not Recommended,312520,30801332,Posted: 28 March,all,Razielite,"Already refunded the game ....this was a disappointment...I'm really sad about this.Edit : Everyone is like ""hurrdurrr story ? you played for 1 hour hurrdur""  Actually exactly 4 hours and 50 minutes in offline mode and I did it that way because after 1 hour I realized the game was gonna be boring and wouldn't add anything and didn't want to put 2 hours in it and then not be able to refund it""Reasons1 - The ""Ragdoll System"" Sort of killed me for me, where the character keeps spazzing out all the time which makes it hard to make jumps and grab on ledges and stuff.2 - Enemies also spazzes out while moving, they fall and crumble and then get up and fight each other and then move, I understand the idea they did behind this AI but its failing in my opinion.3 - Died so many times in one spot because I cant make a jump happen.4 - Liked how vague the game starts with the story and everything but disliked how it stays on that same path for hours of gameplay without a revelation that should have been long due.5 -  Its really hard knowing when there's an object you can pickup and sometimes when one you can jump on because due to this artstyle its all dark and grim so they all look on the same level6 - Tunnels that you get into and automatically walk to the other side is annoying because well its mostly how you get to almost everywhere and died several times because its raining and character automatically forced itself to the other side and got out and died in the rain7 - Window transitions sucks, died in a place because I am at the edge of the screen and I walk 1 CM to the left side and it goes to the other screen and ends up with a lizard faced up against me and I die even tho it looked clear before.8 - I wouldn't call this atmospheric but it has a big world but sadly there really isn't much to do since all levels are essentially the same, a hole you got in from and go to the other hole.9 - it got so dull after 2 hours I kept reaching new areas and what not but then I die and respawn from last hibernation spot which is okay but then its just me walking miles again with this slow movement buggy system that makes it frustrating.I really think the game would have been so much better had they made the movement of the character more stable and not physics based ""you know something like any other platformer out there""Or if the levels were randomly generatedAlso the ""Upcoming"" Multiplayer is only local as in same PC according to the devs it would be impossible to implement it online so just buy this for singleplayer since playing a survival game on the same pc ....doesn't seem like a thing a lot of people would do.TLDR- A disappointment in controls, physics and movements, with its lack of content that doesn't keep you going on I cant see people playing this for more than 5 hours since the purpose is almost non-existingI have a strong feeling sooner or later this will hit a bundle and then maybe you can try it but for this price ...no.AFTER ALLThis is my very own opinion,ADD A GOD DAMN DEMO FOR FUTURE BUYERSBecause you cannot judge how the controls are by watching youtube videos ..."
,Not Recommended,312520,31029195,Posted: 8 April,all,Onin.,"It's beautiful, it has pretty tight controls, it's really immersive, and it's an experience you can't get from any other game.But Rain World has the worst conveyance I've ever seen.Everything about this game is trial and error. Every area you enter will kill you repeatedly until you understand every reason it kills you. Then they will keep killing you repeatedly because you can't know where to go. And occasionally it'll kill you because it decided to spawn a centipede in the only corridor you can take and it never goes away.That level of unfair difficulty does well to serve the game's atmosphere. But it makes it awful to play, for a more important reason. You have no idea what you're doing. You have no idea where you're going. You have no idea whether you're going the right way, at any point. The level design is so obtuse and ambiguous that everything looks like a death trap. There's a story to follow, but you have no idea where to follow it. This makes the entire game feel aimless.It turns out, frustration combined with aimlessness leads to a terrible experience. The atmosphere and uniqueness could've carried one of those flaws. But not both."
76561197960679813,Recommended,312520,30840727,Posted: 30 March,all,Spectator6,"Update 20170608: Just when I was about to quit the game, just when I thought I couldn't get past a section, I get to Five Pebbles. Unf*cking believable! So amazing! :) I stand by everything in my original review. Just when things look the darkest, push through and you will be rewarded!*** ORIGINAL REVIEW ***First and foremost: Do not look at spoiler content! The fewer gifs the better! Go into this game with a blank slate!This is one of the most interesting platform games I've played. It is very difficult on so many levels, but I think its difficulty is warranted. Moving the slugcat around takes time to feel confident, learning the creatures takes time, studying the environment takes time, discovering reliable pathways away and back to a shelter point takes time...In my opinion this difficulty underscores the flow and pacing of the game, which I consider one if its core mechanics and strongest features. There is a very natural progression of leaving a shelter, scouting for food, getting a lay of the land and maybe finding one or two interesting places to explore further, then retreating back to the shelter before the rain hits. When you wake up, you make a bee line for those earlier places of interest to test the boundaries further. But therein lies the challenge...Due to the way the ecosystem ebbs and flows, you're likely to find yourself up against unforseen setbacks. What was previously a clear and easy path is now overrun with creatures. This may tempt you to try your luck in getting past them or it may cause you to pull back and scout out in another direction. Or, you may just horde food, chalk it up as a setback, and hibernate at your shelter, determined to try again the next day.The only thing I'd caution people on is that I feel it's a game that requires a certain level of patience. Kind of like Hyper Light Drifter, I feel that Rain World tries to be alluring by being intentionally vague, relying on the player to discover most of the mechanics for himself. I've come across several rediculously challenging areas that I've tried over and over to get through, only to come up short each and every time. This leaves me with a few questions... Am I expected to go that way? I don't know. Is there something cool if I manage to eek past it? I don't know. Is it supposed to be impossible and act as a soft barrier for the player? I don't know. Could I maybe use some of the weird plants, pick-up items, or even other creatures to help distract my primary threats? I don't know.For me, that very same open-endedness in the way the game is presented is what gives it its charm and, quite frankly, what makes it worth coming back to time and again. I don't want to be guided too strongly because out of that experience comes the brutal realization that you are a naive and lonely slugcat, stepping out into a wild that is as harsh and unrelenting as it is beautiful and awe inspiring.Oh, and it also helps that the art, animations, sound, and music are simply excellent. The developers have pushed the envelope in a lot of unique ways here and whatever annoyances I may have initially held, I gladly accept them as necessary for pushing the genre into an interesting direction. This is very much a ""new"" style of game on offer that requires a bit of adjustment on the players' part. I consider it not too different from how you might go about growing accustomed to a different culture's music. The tonalities and progressions may seem jarring, but those responses may have more to do with your own biases and familiarities than any fault of the music itself."
,Recommended,312520,30842464,Posted: 30 March,all,ToriFloop,"Alright folks we get it; Its HARD.I'm a filthy casual but i love this game. It wants you to learn. Its just hard.The karma system is whats killing it for me, i die so often - its more punishing than Dark Souls. But thats part of the point.While i agree that there should be a difficulty selection or something, this is just the way the game is. It's one of those games that has a rythem thats hard to grasp but those who do grasp it, they get it and become champions.Just keep trying! Take a look at what you might be doing wrong!"
76561198094321973,Recommended,312520,31299022,Posted: 22 April,all,kaedoch,"I absolutely love this game! It provides a chilling almost creepy atmosphere of mystery as you navigate through a destroyed world with a wide variety of dangers, and possibilities. The survival aspect combined with the mysterious feel produces an extremely compelling game experience. The only thing that I don’t like about the game is the extreme difficulty of the water area."
,Recommended,312520,31309996,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr. Charles,Difficult but a great procedurally-generated game. The AI interacting with each other and existing independently makes for a really unique experience. And the art is just fantastic.
76561198098530732,Recommended,312520,31299274,Posted: 22 April,all,Supreme,"Really love this game! You're a mere catslug, almost bottom of the food chain, trying to survive and explore this strange world. It conveys so much about the world through artistic style, with the gameplay reinforcing the bleak tone. It's really rewarding when you start to out manouver predators and use strategy to progress. It's not as hard as some would have you believe, you do die easily, but you could always have avoided it."
,Recommended,312520,34324815,Posted: 18 August,all,★ Skye アディ,Beautiful & Brutal.Not for filthy casuals.10/10 - Cycle 11 and  its obliterating my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ already
76561198158133520,Recommended,312520,31374192,Posted: 26 April,all,HeY,"Rain World is an incredible journey. Every encouter with the world's environment and creatures is unique, exciting and rewarding. It really builds an atmosphere and urges you to explore it.This game is not as difficult like other reviewers have said. It offers a challenge unlike any other modern title I've played, but it's not that hard. This game is not about rushing to the finish line, but rather enjoying yourself on the way, and overcoming major obstacles in the process.I'll admit the first few hours of the game were hard. It was hard to figure things out, hard to navigate, and hard to control. But if you persevere you'll find a lot to love about Rain World."
76561198368125569,Recommended,312520,35182236,Posted: 24 September,all,Nick_is_hraar,"When I first got this game, I could only watch the scenery and hate the controls, and I never made any actual progress for a while because I knew absolutely nothing about the game. So, I abandoned the game for a few months. Eventually, I got bored of my other games and decided to play this one again. By the time I eventually progressed a few regions, I decided that this was easily one of my favorite games."
76561198322469506,Recommended,312520,31141577,Posted: 14 April,all,MadPanda,"rainworld is an amazing and beautiful game in which you survive and explore a harsh but mysterious world. I got this game  about two weeks ago and i have to say at the beginning i wasnt paticullary happy with my purchase. this was because of the annoying ragdoll physics that got you killed and the nearly impossible underwater experiences, but im happy to say that the game devs seem to be really happy to consider the feedback its players give while keeping true to the hard and challenging experience. Because of this the game will go through great improvements like the recent update and im happy to say that this game is one of my favourites in my library right now. Anyway i hope this game blows up with popularity because i want tons of merch, so good job to the creators."
,Recommended,312520,31289239,Posted: 21 April,all,Lalo,"Some say this game is hard and it's easy to get lost.They're right.That's the point. It's not a railroad game that will hold your hand and take you from A to B. It's the “open world RPG” of platformers. It's about exploring a terrifying, gorgeously crafted hell of a world. Getting lost. Getting killed. A lot. And enjoying the wonder of discovering every little new (usually horrible, with the occasional popcorn tree) thing.And then making it safely, with a full stomach, to the nearest hibernation chamber.Sure, there's a plot. But if that's what you're coming for, you might be looking at the wrong game. Or you might be looking at the right game, wrong. 😉 Because it's a world worth exploring. (And dying in.)"
,Recommended,312520,31299816,Posted: 22 April,all,Confused Rock,"after accidentally throwing a spear at a plant, it opened up like popcorn. as I hopped up and down trying to grab the popcorn, I realised it looked adorable. although bit by bit i finally ate all the popcorn I wanted, it was incredibly infuriating for it to be JUST barely in my reach. now I know how pets feel."
76561198067638268,Recommended,312520,31499531,Posted: 1 May,all,MobiusOne,"I bought this game knowing it was goign to be difficult, which is the sort of game that I seek.  A game that doesn't hold your hands and you learn and become better as you play.You are a slugcat learning of a very cruel world ... were hunger has no morality.Do not listen to old reviews of journalist who doesn't know how to play the game and give a rating due to them finding it difficult."
76561198081398897,Recommended,312520,31380071,Posted: 26 April,all,GreatLordEgotist,"It's Metroid meets Pac-Man, essentially.In all seriousness, though, this is the greatest platformer I have played in years. It has the largest map I have ever seen, the most beautiful pixel art I have ever seen, and some of the most entertaining and intriguing level design I have ever played. Ignore the mixed MetaCritic score, a large portion of the negative reviews cropped out of a lack of understanding of some of the game's hidden mechanics (the most important of which can be figured out within an hour or two). This game is incredible."
76561198065890800,Recommended,312520,31227570,Posted: 18 April,all,Araly,"This game is awesome. Very good atmosphere, animations, design... It's a visual masterpiece. The sound work is very subtle and immersive. It's a hard game yes, but it's good to see games not taking you on a tour on disneyland. Give it a try, it's a very chamring game."
,Recommended,312520,31229987,Posted: 18 April,all,mistermojo,Incredibly interesting and unique adventure game
76561198295861035,Recommended,312520,31217393,Posted: 18 April,all,notecardPasta,"Definitely not for people who aren't patient and observant! This game is absolutely beautiful with breathtaking animation and environments. There is a huge array of secrets and things to discover, and the plotline is much deeper than what seems on the surface. Yes, the game can be hard, but if I was a floppy squishy slugcat running away from predators I'd find it pretty hard to survive too. It's been super fun playing this game and sharing funny experiences with friends!"
,Recommended,312520,31852069,Posted: 19 May,all,Calpis,"Most beautiful game I've ever played. Piece of art. The game can be unfriendly, challenging and frustrating, bu it is also an essential  part of this world. 100/10"
,Recommended,312520,30842623,Posted: 30 March,all,Tekken,"Its a one player experience, beautiful, atmospheric puzzle game.If you have no patience or can't appreciate the feel of isolation and anticipation then its not for you.Controls very organic and very responsive too.You are fighting for your life here, and you can def get that feel.You kinda never get lost, but you wonder quite a lot usually game sort you out.I love this game, i think its great and i recommend it."
,Recommended,312520,30830512,Posted: 30 March,all,Vawer,"Extremely good game, but not for any player. The game is very punishing and quite hard, but every time you get away from a bad situation or learn how to use something to your advantage you feel extremely satisfied. The art is also amazing, which really encourages exploration, and the various objects you can use along the way always add new options on how to survive. If you enjoy tough but rewarding experiences, you can definitely enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,312520,30806024,Posted: 28 March,all,Jeroen Stout,"Rain World is not a game for the timid. It is harsh, at times it feels unfair, and it grinds you down. But then you see the patterns, you realise how to overcome the impossible. With sage-like quickness you speed through the world, leaving any novice player surprised at your understanding.It has many systems, which all need to be understood. It requires you to be careful, to think ahead, to respond quickly to changing circumstances. It requires you to enter a place, realise there is too large a danger there, and to head back, trying again another day. Patience and temerity. At some point, you will enter a screen and in once glance know what to do: that is to Win the game.The game is startlingly beautiful, at times painfully lonely. There are many great things to discover and it rarely feels like someone all placed it there. The world forever seems like it does not care about you and the vast emptiness of it only increases that. You never climb the food chain. It is both terrifying and exhilarating.If you like a challenging game which does not yield to you, but which expects you to work to understand its beautifully arranged world, Rain World is the game for you."
,Recommended,312520,30786772,Posted: 27 March,all,SmugGoat,"I have only had the game for a few hours and I can honestly say that it is one of the most refreshing games I have played in a very long time.VERY LIGHT SPOILERS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE REVIEW.The goal of the game, as I see it now (2 hours in) and as you should see it going in, is to survive and explore the world. I have seen things, however, that would suggest that there is much more to the experience than eating and exploring and avoiding lizards. :)It has some things that I am sure the devs will fix in no time at all, and they are not large problems by a long shot. The performance is a solid 60fps on my system, and that is perfect for the game, it is just as intended. I have heard of problems with the main intro cinematic crashing the game on some people's systems because of low ram availability. In a pinch you could download a save file where slugcat is in the first safe room in order to avoid the intro cinematic.On the artistic side it all meshes together and the developer's intentions are clear and beautiful. Enough said.In terms of gameplay the controls are much better than the early reviews led me to believe.While you may be caught off guard by its simplicity, the game is actually very complicated, especially in terms of interaction between the different species that you can find.The movement in the game is heavily physics based, so you can do things like roll out of falls and do backflips that are different every time because they are being simulated in real time with your input in the mix. Combine this with enemy AI and you get some VERY interesting encounters.I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who likes physics based anything, discovering everything about a game,  or survival games.LIGHT SPOILERSThe reason I wrote this review in the first place was because I saw a bug creature flying around hunting bats, it hid from them underneath their hiding places, carefully snatching one as it immerged. It turned out that creature had a more sneaky way of getting food too. I happened to be carrying a dead bat as extra food and the bug snatched it right out of my hand! Later on I had another dead bat and threw it to one of the flying creatures. It flew after the bat, picked it up, ate part of it, and then dropped it back off to me!!! I don't know if that was a result of it bumping into something and dropping it, or actual behavior that I saw, but at that point I was convinced that everyone should try this game."
,Recommended,312520,30786919,Posted: 27 March,all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚ,"Rain World has cute creatures, horrific monsters, beautiful atmosphere (coupled with amazing sound design) and a good amount of difficulty. I highly recommend it ONLY IF you don't mind the fact that it is not an easy game and it WILL NOT hold your hand."
,Recommended,312520,30896225,Posted: 2 April,all,Uroboros,"While I consider this a great game, I would only recommend it for a certain kind of player. Although it is a platformer, a good deal of patience and perseverence is needed. The game will often seem unfair to the point of brutality and frustration, as much of the other entities are procedural in nature and governed by their own internal factors. Initially the controls will feel muddy and imprecise, and you won't even be told some of the most useful basic interactions. However the game ultimately grows beyond this. It explains little, so those who enjoy mystery while also being able to appreciate mastery over an admittedly arcane control/game system will probably love this, but if you require more immediate enjoyment and better telegraphed mechanics then it may be worth skipping. Even I had to play in 30 minute bursts to begin with, but it quickly grabbed me (and occasionally spat me out, and then grabbed me again). For how intense and strange the game can be, I would suggest playing it casually. Think of it like hardmode Super Meat Boy at a slower pace and with a far steeper learning curve, none of the arcade styling, and a Team Ico approach to storytelling (zero to little verbal or written instruction or narrative, with the world itself and the expressions of the inhabitants telling the story themselves). You will also want to look up some of the advanced controls that the game never tells you, because without those I imagine the game would be incredibly frustrating. Things like double-tapping the grab key to switch your items in your hands, or holding down and tapping the grab key to quietly drop the item in your primary hand.The basic idea is that you play the role of a lost slugcat, a slimy quadrupedal thing with the ability to slide, climb and wriggle your way about an unforgiving natural world in search of your family (and for others of your kind). The rain of the world falls so heavily that it utterly demolishes most living beings exposed to it directly, so the flora and fauna have adapted to hide and hibernate, with brief periods of busy activity during the dry spells. You must eat enough to ensure you can hibernate, and then find your way to a saferoom to last out until the next activity cycle. It sounds simple, but you are low on the food chain. While agile, you are weak. While clever and adaptable, your tools are limited and your predators many. With a few exceptions, the creatures in the world aren't conveniently immortal threat entities just used to usher you around, meaning that the unfolding of any one encounter can be painfully stacked against you, or conquered with strokes of brilliance or luck. This game rewards exploration and bravery just as much as it punishes it. If you can deprogram your thinking of ""I cannot defeat this"" or ""I absolutely have to go this way"", you can usually find alternate routes or new survival strategies. Sadly the game doesn't elaborate on this, and someone who tries to overcome challenges by just throwing themselves at the brick walls may eventually find that some walls just don't crumble. Sometimes there is no trick. Sometimes it isn't a glitch. Sometimes certain approaches or routes are supposed to be unfair, and it is upon you to investigate for a new way around, even if that means slight backtracking. But sometimes the 'impossible' encounter can be conquered with a strategy you never tried before. Sometimes a resource can be hiding in plain sight until you realise its uses.The game eventually goes beyond just exploration, giving you cryptic opportunities to dig into a little of the backstory, with a mind-boggling ending that I can appreciate people may hate if they never found a way to tap into some of the lore. By the time I was finished, I was both relieved and awestruck. Such a melancholy but brilliantly original feeling little gem. Definitely not for everyone, but I'm damn glad this kickstarter got funded. Now a piece of me hopes for expanded content or a sequel of this world somehow."
,Recommended,312520,30792154,Posted: 28 March,all,bullex,"Rain World is a survival metroidvania game (not a traditional platformer though!), in which you take control over a slugcat trying to find his family that he was separated from. Now that we have this out of the way let me tell you this: this game is a masterpiece. And I'm gonna tell you why.1) your main character is almost at the bottom of the foodchain in this world. That means avoiding predators and trying to get food necessary to survive. As you might expect, that premise leads to a lot of deaths. There's no lose state in this game though, you can try to pass any point of the game as many times as you want.2) controls - at first you might think that the controls are awful. Slugcat can't jump very high and his movement feels clunky and weird. But the more you play, the more you begin to realise how incredibly precise, fluent and consistent the movement is! I had to rebind the controls to unleash the full potential (A - jump, W - throw, D - grab, SPACE - map), but once I understood the rules, I can safely say that it's one of the best designed controls in any videogame.3) game size - this is a MASSIVE game. It has about 12 big regions with subregions, every one of them is immensly vast, you can literally stuck in one place for good few hours not making any progress, walking in circles. Sometimes you will think that you make progress, just to discover that you were just doing a big loop leading to the previous big location :) I would describe it as trial and error done right4) creatures - they don't only look great and scary, but they make sense in this world. Flora and fauna in this game is just amazing to look at, study and learn about (mostly by sticking your paws into every situation and seeing what happens). Animations of the creatures are amazing. Sometimes I was just mesmerized by some new animal and I was just staring at it for 5 minutes, looking how fluently gorgeous its movement looks :)5) sense of amazement and accomplishment - new locations are breathtakingly beautiful. Pixelart in this game is spot on. Finding a hibernation chamber after 2 hours of struggling with particularly difficult task is one of the best feelings that I've had in ANY videogame.6) hardcore feel to it all - every second of this game brings 3 questions: 'what am I doing, where do I go now and do I even make progress'? :P This game gives you basic map and nothing else. No big arrows pointing at the direction of the next mandatory checkpoint or 'corridor gameplay'. Trial and error, that's the name of the game. You have to learn how the cogs of this world work. What can you eat, how can you make something edible, what is hostile towards you, how can you tame it, what can you jump on, what's going to instakill you, etc. There's also rain mechanic and hibernation mechanic bound to it. You need to find food and find hibernation chamber before the rain comes and kills everything on the surface. The cycle takes about 10 minutes to complete, so while exploring, you are always forced to look for shelter aswell. And it works brilliantly! You go explore unknown terrain, sometimes you find a new shelter (and you never know if you came any closer to the end or not :) and most of the times you die. Deaths can be frustrating, especially when it feels cheap (with predators spawning near the entrances of new areas and stuff, but honestly, they are predators, they instinctively feel where can they find prey), but overall, with unlimited continues, it's not a problem.I have only one pet peeve with this game. And it's the minor one. If you perform some special task, you're granted the ability to teleport between 'big areas'. The thing is - it's one time usage. So if you don't know that, you might just foolishly teleport yourself to the first location ('eh, let's just try it for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, oh...') and get stuck there, because you can't teleport back. Making it to your original location would take hours, so you have to perform another special task in order to earn next teleport.All in all, Rain World is one of the best games that I've ever played, it looks amazing, it feels amazing and it feels incredibly rewarding despite its insane brutality.10/10!"
76561198062389144,Not Recommended,312520,30808856,Posted: 29 March,all,leszek_a,"This game is great at everything. Fantastic story and world full of fascinating creatures and places. Excellent characters along the way. Lot of little things that makes this game feel very unique and rich in content. Its just great, but its also great at being frustrating, punishing and repetitive. To complete one goal sometimes it takes so many tries to do this just right, that this feeling of frustration at the end takes all the fun from the game. There are no SAVE's in this game that would save you from loosing progress, they work only as restart position, but important karma is lost. Sometimes you need to go one very long way many times just to reach that hard part where you can fail again and again and again and again. Checkpoint's are sometimes very far away and when there should be one close.. then it could be anywhere, good luck checking all the directions. Just when you would like to save your game you are going to probably die because there is a creature stucked in the way, or the controls will fail you, or the Slugcat will not reach the platform because you was 1pixel away. This game is great at punishing. I cannot recomment this game at the current state, it feels like it was not tested with somebody actually playing this because if not for the story, great ai and wondefrull graphics this game would be just frustrating."
76561198012794624,Recommended,312520,31090029,Posted: 11 April,all,lets pvping,"Rain world is more of a stealth, survival and ecosystem simulator than it is a traditional platformer or metroidvania. It is profoundly frustrating to carefully navigate around random enemy placements when you'd rather spend that time searching for the next save point. The going only gets easier when the player learns to bait, juke, stealth past or fight enemies, not only effectively, but in a timely fashion.Being motivated enough to tackle the challenges that each new area brings must come from one's own desire to explore and unlock the secrets of a game that heavily favors its own stylistic integrity and obscurity over clarity and streamlined play. It makes no up front promises about its narrative and the slow pacing lets the story fall deep into the background behind the gameplay where it is almost forgotten. Sparse fragments of lore explaining the world are further locked behind a yet higher level of tedium and they perpetuate an old, troubling trend of telling a player about interesting things instead of showing them.The visuals in Rain World range from ornate, beautiful, and awe inspiring to desolate, bleak and depressing, but it is everywhere inhospitable and unrelatable. Between mountains of trash, intricate machinery and stone statues there isn't a single item that looks like the remains of a personal possession or place that appears to have been lived in.I've seen people make some solid comparisons to other games, but if I had to compare this game to anything, it would be the film 2001: A Space Odyssey for reasons that involve too many spoilers and layers of explanation to do here.It is hard to recommend Rain World (unless you enjoy soul crushing loneliness and despair), but if you like tough games, have a wealth of patience and are willing to step outside your comfort zone to experience something unique and experimental, then you might have the mindset needed to enjoy it. I have nothing but praise for what this game tries to do in its story, style and mechanics. The physics based movement and creature interactions alone are reason enough to check it out.I feel that a lack of QA testing is one of the major things holding this game back. With difficulty adjustments and bug patches, I think it could be accessible to a wider audience, but as of the time that I'm writing this, it is not an easy recommendation."
76561198025595517,Recommended,312520,31331010,Posted: 23 April,all,Zixpk,"Easily the most primal game on steam, in terms of gameplay. Brutal stuff!"
76561198271560427,Recommended,312520,33164481,Posted: 2 July,all,Frozec,"Okay so this game is a very interesting and unique experience.First of all, its definitely not for everyone, this game sets a barrier of difficulty, dedication and understanding only some can go trough, its not an easy game for sure. The controls may be a bit weird and frustrating at first, but then they'll quickly become fun.Being honest, I hated this game for 12 hours. After that, I started enjoying the game, and also understanding that you can actually kill enemies easily if you trick them or just stab them with spears.This game contains a beautiful world to explore, filled with dangers. Its amazing, if anyone is up for a challenging game, ill definitely recommend it. Don't really know what genre it is, maybe survival."
,Recommended,312520,34560227,Posted: 28 August,all,Colinn,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.It has a hard learning curve to it, but has so many amazing, tiny details and mechanics that im still learning well after 20 hours into the game.The difficulty can be frustrating, as enemies spawn in roughly random locations throughout the map, but death isn't super punishing in this game so it doesn't really matter.If you do decide to buy this game, I highly suggest doing a no-spoilers run first as for this game in particular it can add many hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,312520,35254491,Posted: 27 September,all,The Wizard,"I never thought I'd beat this game, for a while I almost completely gave up on it. But I finished it, and I'm glad I did because it was one hell of an experience"
,Recommended,312520,31138990,Posted: 14 April,all,Daniel West,"Video games cover up the ugliness, nastiness, unfairness of the world. Rain world celebrates it."
76561198272428511,Recommended,312520,31360834,Posted: 25 April,all,Timby Turner,The game was tough but it was fun for me to play and the beautifull ending was worth it
76561198119679907,Recommended,312520,31089332,Posted: 11 April,all,Jagd,"My most recent session of this game had me swearing at the screen as I ran through an open area, dodging lizards. This very quickly became horrorstruck laughter as the shadows on the ground and the music let me know that a vulture was going to enter the fray very soon. I made it out of the area safe and sound, and was able to hibernate. The next day had me drowned by leeches. I am thoroughly enjoying myself in this sometimes frustrating, always entertaining game.There's very little explained to you in the beginning, save for the controls and a few nudges in the right direction. The rest is up to the player to figure out, from lizard behaviors (I tamed a green! And it killed me a few times even though it was my friend since it was snapping at a few bats!!), to the best way to get some food, to trying to make nice with scavengers. It's a survival game, and you're just a squishy, fragile slug-cat - so get out there, grab a spear, and find some food before the rain comes!"
,Recommended,312520,31129350,Posted: 13 April,all,cardamom,"I'm really loving the game, however the levels with at underhang or some where near em with the blue evil squid thing is absolutely rage inducing. its literally too much RNG, you cant progress with out these cheaters in the way, can you lower the count or something? Edit* The anti grav part of the game is a game killer for me. I don't want to spend time grinding with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rng, just to die over and over and over again, i loved the beginning of the game but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ is driving me insane I just wanna get on with the story, please for the love of god can you just scarp that ♥♥♥♥ing anti grav♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,312520,35474468,Posted: 4 October,all,Kligan,"I like this game very much!I'm not gonna write a long-winded review, but instead I'll just go through aspects of the game that will, hopefully, help people to decide whether or not they want to play it.+The art is beautiful! The game world is fascinating - it holds mysteries and stories that are being told by environment. Inhabiting this world creatures are interesting and diverse.+Music is rare - most of the time it's just ambient noises. But when it does starts playing in certain rooms or during certain encounters, it's always great and suits the situation perfectly.~Procedural animation means that it will take some time to get used to controlling Slugcat. But at the same time, controls are responsive and there are a lot of movement techs that players can discover (I'm not talking about unlocking abilities). The controls in this game may prove to be an issue for some people.~The games does not explain almost anything to players. Exploring the world and moving forward will take a lot of experimentation, observation and wit. But unlike some games that love to hide information from players just for the sake of it and punishing them with trial and error, Rain World encourages curiosity. To a reasonable degree of course ( ""What will happen if I throw a rock in the face of this big and mean-looking lizzard? OH GOD I REGRET EVERYTHING!"" ) There will ALWAYS be signs of danger, if you are paying attention. I never encountered cheap traps or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths. Just remember to be observant and listen to your little friend - hologram worm (or whatever that thing is).~The game is a constant race against the clock - to do all your business during the cycle and get back to your safe spot and hibernate to wait out ruthless rainstorms. Different cycles, however, have different duration. So, again - pay attention and everything will be fine. Some people might not like the constant threat of time running out.-There is no difficulty selection at the moment. (I've heard that developers are aiming to add this feature in soon-to-come-out update.) While for me the game is fine as it is, I can understand if some people will get frustrated with it. Sometimes, Rain World can be brutal and unforgiving."
76561198247988080,Recommended,312520,31079799,Posted: 11 April,all,Ropey,Found some shrooms an started tripping.
,Recommended,312520,33585223,Posted: 16 July,all,MLG Turtle (SFM Posters),"Absolutely fantastic,Now, i'm not a big fan of these types of games normally, but this, straightaway, made me fall in love with it.Intriguing Story.Fantastic Environments.Amazing Soundtrack.Terrifying And Beautiful Momentsand of course.Adorable SlugcatI would reccomend this to anyone looking for a game that's different to their normal games.While it does have a difficult learning curve, when you get it, slay a vulture or even get a pet lizard, it feels amazing!So please, think about it."
,Recommended,312520,33393622,Posted: 8 July,all,SeeGeeArtist,"Too beautiful to put down, yet too frustrating to continue. It will take some willpower, but I'm waiting for the ""Monk"" update. Sorry, team, but I'm dead tired of being ambushed after taking every precaution, speared after paying the toll, and drowned by the patchy movement mechanics. There's difficult (Ori), there's challenging (HLD), there's unfair (Dark Souls), but this just gets downright depressing. See you after the update."
,Recommended,312520,31283240,Posted: 21 April,all,Efialtis,"one of the most unique games i have ever both seen and played, it's features keep leaving me supriced"
76561198301263021,Recommended,312520,34629951,Posted: 31 August,all,Drogonhe1,"This game is absolutely amazing.A fair bit of warning: if you wish to play the game before the easy mode comes out, I would recommend watching some RW gameplay if you're stuck; unless of course, you want to find out all the secrets on your own.Although the controls may seem klunky at times, if you would just put some time (like 15~20 mins or so) you should be able to get going pretty quickly. The creatures in Rain World can be deadly, and you will sometimes be hard-pressed to survive. Basically, the more you play, the more you understand what is going on, and ""how to be a slugcat"".The game has a very nice pixel art to it, the creatures are magnificent, and the slugcat is very cute. The game itself tries to put you in the shoes of a very small and squishy slugcat, and takes you through breathtaking yet dangerous environments. The art of the creatures are also well done and I have never seen the likes of creature AI in any games I have played. The AI compels you to think that the creatures are not mindless monsters, but are rather intelligent creatures that can think and are capable of having emotions. They will have different reactions towards what you do in-game, and is very satisfying once you figure out what you can do in this game.Although there are some minor bugs here and there (some annoying; some funny), this game is definitely worth a try if you've got the time and patience for it.(A side note: the hours played on RW shown here is a lot less than I did, as I mostly play it on a Mac, disconnected from Steam)"
76561197994482166,Recommended,312520,30990243,Posted: 6 April,all,angrymice,"I don't normally review games, and I certainly don't review them when I've only played 2 hours. But Rain World is a special case. First, it's a unique game in general, and one that doesn't lend itself to useful tags. At the time of writing, the most popular tags include, 'Indie', 'Adventure', 'Action', 'Platformer', and 'Survival'. Of these are appropriate, though none are particularly useful in describing what you'll be encountering in the game. Second, I think it's important to review this game at this stage, because a lot of the game site reviews seemed to take an unfortunate approach to the game. That may be the game's fault, or it might be the reviewer's, it's kind of immaterial. If this game has a major failing it is that it is difficult to contextualize, and does not go to great lengths to rectify that problem.The biggest misconception is the save system. The perception is that it is unfairly punishing because it punishes you for dying. This is partially true, though not entirely. The system does erase some accomplishments when you die, but it does not neccesarily dock progress. This is slightly difficult to explain without some conceptual spoilers, but if we are to assume hibernation chambers are save points, then everytime you use a save point, you get a point, and every time you die you lose one (there are exceptions to this, but we won't get into them). Points give you different ranks (karma in the parliance of the community, though it doesn't seem like the game actually uses this term), and different areas are gated to different ranks. What this means is that you need to prepare before attempting to go to a different area. The most helpful perspective I've heard on this is a player calling it preparing for migration. As a fairly weak animal in this harsh environment, you need to spend a few days or cycles preparing to migrate. If you die, you lose some of that preperation and need to gain it back. But you will never lose 'migration' progress. You will always return to the last save point (hibernation chamber) that you used. So you are free to explore, poking around for other save points, or gates to determine where you need to go next.So, as you can see, 'survival' is a perfectly reasonable tag, but not neccesarily in the traditional sense of the word. This is true of the other tags as well. There is a lot of jumping to be had (platformer), and the game can take quick reflexes to traverse the terrain and avoid enemies (action), and exploration is a major part of the gameplay as well (adventure).One other thing to consider. This is a truly wild environment. There are some complaints that each time you leave a hibernation chamber, the enemies are scattered around the area in completely different places. Again, this is true, but it's a feature not a bug. This requires you to think on your feet. There are times where you could go to your next hibernation chamber without any enemy inhibiting your path, and there are times that you could encounter such a horde that you need to retreat. Being prepared to improvise is part of the gameplay.If you are looking for a Metroidvania with increasing abilities are powerful attacks, then this is certainly not the game for you. If you are looking for a platformer that takes precise and quick reflexes to master, and rewards speed runs, look elsewhere. But if you are looking for something unique, and are willing to explore this is the game for you."
,Recommended,312520,31148167,Posted: 14 April,all,Anumati,"Holy crap was I blown away.Eh indie title? Okay Im willing to try something.Okay this is hard...3 hours later Im still learning and having a blast.Essentially its a survival simulator while a plot goes along in a crazy hostile world.Not for the faint of heart, but definitely rewarding as♥♥♥♥♥♥You may need to restart a few times to be a karma ♥♥♥♥♥ like I am, but other than that. 10/10.Amazingly hard indie title that rewards skill and thinking and patience. Along with great graphics. I recommend using a controller for this one as I found the keypad controls harder to use.Edit.Seriously, dont go into this thinking its like others, if you thought Dark Souls was hard, don't think of trying this unless you want challenge."
,Recommended,312520,31184100,Posted: 16 April,all,Charika,"Rain world has a very beautiful and brutal world, with its 'explore and experiment' from the start, it also leaves you with death lurking just a few rooms away and will not hesitate to destroy you weather your new or just returning fromdeathnot to forget the music that puts you on edge as you completely forget the new skills you found trying to scury out of predator grasps, if you have the will to survive then you might even get seccond wind  after being caught and dragged through a number of rooms... that is if nature gives you that opportunity.I WILL NOT RECOMMEND this game to people with closed mindsI WILL RECOMMEND this game to people with open mindsDont forget to experiment from the very beginning, there are hidden moves that will help you on your journey, every world will force you to change and adapt.Im aware I only have a few hours, Ive played over 50+ hours on my other account: charmizar"
,Recommended,312520,31887559,Posted: 21 May,all,DunkinDonut,"Rain World ist ein 2D Plattformer, der aus der Menge hervorsticht und sich nicht auf die 2 Stunden Refund Zeit konzentriert, wie manch anderes Spiel hier. Eine Spielzeit von +20 Stunden ist nicht unüblich.An manchen Stellen kann es ziemlich schwer sein, aber wenn man nicht die Flinte ins Korn wirft, wird man mit guter Atmosphäre und toll gestalteten Levels und Kreaturen belohnt.Rain World is a 2D plattformer that stands out from the crowd. Made not only to survive the 2 hours steam refund time, like many other plattformer games here on steam, but to entertain and challenge you for much longer. It may be quite difficult at some points but if you remain patience, you will be rewarded with great atmosphere and beautiful designed levels and creatures."
76561198004256366,Recommended,312520,31012683,Posted: 8 April,all,eirikfm,"This game does a great job of evoking some moods and sensations I haven't felt in video games in many years. The game is massive, and unlike most triple-A-titles, is not in a hurry to rush you through cinematics. Like other great indie games, Rain World lets you explore and enjoy the world and its mechanics. There is no rush, even though you inevitably have to hide from the rain.Many reviews blames the game for being too hard and unforgiving. Whenever I get trapped by predators and killed, or get caught by rain too far from a safe place, I blame myself. I blame myself for being too cocky, or for forgetting to conserve movement and going too far.There is a real penalty for dying, unlike other hard games, so you actually have to be careful. As your skill grows, the game rewards you for being brave, yet there is a fine line between brave and foolhardy. That difference is the difference between nimbly dodging a lizard, seeing it getting dragged away by something bigger, and getting caught in a pit between beasts, all escape-paths blocked.The nature of the game engine is that all beings are alive, moving around according to their instincts. The physics allow for unforeseen behaviours which can be very pleasing, like impaling an enemy against a wall with your spear, not killing it but letting it squirm in place. This adds to the fun of the game, as you can use these mechanics to succeed. Pitting the different animals against each other is another vital tactic that you will learn by playing, and watching.As harsh as Rain World is, it is a beautiful place. Vast and hostile, but still a nice place to be."
76561198193603921,Recommended,312520,34196133,Posted: 12 August,all,⍟Agent⌚Coulson⎊,"The most masterful pieces of game art, in my opinion, are the ones that, compellingly and without pretense, make you feel as if you are the avatar on screen; to be fully immersed in an experience, to the point you identify as something outside of yourself. It is the most important distinction, and advantage, that games have as an art form over all other mediums.Rain World, despite being a 2d platformer, changes one's psyche, from that of a human drone, to that of a small and fragile animal living in an unbelievably hostile (although beautiful in its own right) environment. I've not played a game that has ever affected my perspective so much that I begin to feel as if I am thinking like an altogether different sort of being.11/10 Truly one of the most phenomenal gaming experiences out there, and worthy of a place in a museum someday."
,Recommended,312520,31168622,Posted: 15 April,all,griffin4cats,"I've waited so long for this game, and after a year and a half, the hype paid off. It's a very challenging game, and you'll probably rack up a few hundred deaths by the end of it. The cuteness of the slugcat you play as is enough that you always want to keep it alive.  If you find an area too challenging, you don't have to stay there, you can move to another region. You can play any way you want, whether it's always running from enemies, fighting them, or even making friends with some of them. This is easily one of the best games I have ever played, if not the best, and I'd recommend it to anyone. It has something for everyone, be it fighting, story, or sight seeing. Just don't expect to not die."
,Recommended,312520,35324366,Posted: 29 September,all,Kiwidog,"An absolute masterpiece.Rain World is one of the most unique games I've ever played; you won't find the same experience in any other game. Seriously, there's nothing else like it. Every aspect of the game: the sound, the art, the gameplay and world design are nothing short of excellent.I could write an essay on everything I like about Rain World, and in my opinion, the game is virtually flawless (besides a couple bugs here and there). That said, the game is kind of niche; not everyone is going to enjoy it, so rather than rant about how great the game is, I'm going to explain what kind of experience to expect from this game.The central idea of this game is to simulate an ecosystem that you are actively a part of. All of the creatures interact with each-other, you, and the world as a whole. The AI is quite advanced, for example: each creature has their own opinion of you and will react to how you behave. It is actually quite fun to just watch all the creatures AI interacting with each-other. If you're a fan of emergent gameplay, this game has a LOT of that. Another cool thing about this game is the procedural animations, they're quite impressive and I haven't seen another game attempt them on the scale that Rain World does. They look silly sometimes, but that is a part of the game's charm. The procedural animations combined with the dynamic AI make the game (and ecosystem) feel very alive.Things you should know about Rain World:This is a slow burning game;it requires some patience from the player. You cannot brute force your way through this game; it requires slow and thoughtful decision making, with quick responses to emergent gameplay.The main gameplay focus of this game is survival before anything else,treat it as such.You will not always make hard progress;sometimes you will spend an entire cycle just scouting ahead before even attempting to proceed to a new shelter.You should not be concerned with ""beating"" an area (getting to the end):rather, you should be concerned about ""mastering"" the area: learning the specifics, nuances, and layouts of each individual area(In other words, learning how tolivein that area!)This game's progression is primarily player-focused:your character is the same at the end of the game as when they started, but the player will be significantly better than when they started out (In other words, the game requires you to learn and develop your own skills)The game uses RNG, but your success will rely less and less on it as you get more experienced.The AI is quite advanced and you should treat it as such;if you are aggressive to a specific creature, it will remember that,  it might even tell it's friends. Likewise, if you're nice, the creature will be less aggressive towards you and might even help you!The controls are not bad, you just suck.I know, I know, that's pretty blunt but it's true; slugcat can be very precise and quick if you actually put in the effort.Most deaths are your fault;it won't feel that way when you start(trust me I know!), but as you get more experience you will start to agree.If most of that sounds good to you, then I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,312520,31172363,Posted: 16 April,all,Ronys2,"A difficult platformer that requires problem solving skills, demands explorations and experimentation. You will DIE, and make mistakes often, but this is how you learn how to maneuver the world and end up being able to survive. From the soundtrack to the art and the individuality given to each creature both friend and foe this game is an amazing journey. With the latest update giving tweaks to the controls it has significantly made traversing the world better. The Dev has listened to the gamers and implemented what's been asked for (control tweaks, and permanent map discovery). I absolutely recommend this game to the masochistic and platform lovers alike.Gameplay"
76561198021560840,Recommended,312520,31263886,Posted: 20 April,all,Whistleboi,"If you like games that challenge you heavily and urge you to learn and improve in order to give you the ultimate feeling of accomplishment (aka Dark Souls and similar titles), this game is absolutely for you.My Experience and Rain World's StrengthsI don't even like platformers, but this game still hooked me due to its charm. Other than gameplay, the beautiful (and beautifully ugly) art style, intriguing enemy design and AI, breathtaking scenes and deep lore also draws the player in and keeps him motivated.The levels are very diverse and once you get a level down you feel like home, as a part of the ecosystem. Getting to a new level means finding a new biological niche, learning about new systems, mastering new mechanics and ultimately, and this is one of the most unique aspects of this game:""Feeling like a PART of the world, not as ever so often like ""THE CHOSEN ONE"" that is overpowered after lvling to 50 and investing combat skillpoints.""ConclusionThis is a living, breathing cruel world which will allow you to join if you can adapt to its ways. You will be rewarded with a wonderful story and all in all an unforgettable experience.Cons And OpinionsThis will be my definite Indie GOTY, although I will lastly point out what I had problems with:Random enemy placementwithout any programmatic rules WILL inevitably lead to multiple repetition of cycles until they ""behave"". This feels tedious and unfair at crucial points.(e.g. the very last tenticle monsters in five peebles).The karma system's simplictyhinders exploration and progress pace very much. Punishment for death is important, but the loss it too great and often feels unavoidable. Karma flowers alleviate this, but ""grinding"" until a karma requirement is met, doesn't feel fun or rewarding in the small, hard areas with often only one sensible hibernation place(see underhang), combined with the inevitability of unavoidable death.Karma doesn't grant anything in particular.It feels just like a meaningless number you need eventually (like school grades, ugh). It would have been cool to gain abilities with each level or something else, that makes you exited to grind back up, as it doesn't mean anything before you get to the next gate.(e.g. you start with better weapons in your shelter, according to your karma level)I really don't think thevariability of day lengthadds much to the game except additional stress, which really isn't needed I feel. The short days are too short to do anything, it's just a rush to get food and get back. The long days give an excess ammount of time, which, in most instances, doesn't suffice to get to the hibernation point after the one you reached."
,Recommended,312520,30866751,Posted: 31 March,all,Legato Cirion,"After reading some of the negative reviews, I thought preordering the game was a mistake - but hey, I had it, so I might as well try it. And I'm so glad I did, and no, I will definitely not return it.The controls sure aren't as snappy as some other precision-type platformers, but for me they are surprisingly fun! And if you are annoyed that our adorable protagonist only does little jumps, you might want to experiment a little to figure out the ""combos"" that the yellow friend doesn't explain.Other reviews draw parallels to other hard platformers. Surprisingly, I get a bit of a Knytt feeling from the game instead. Super atmospheric, kind of mysterious, lots of areas to explore and enemies that aren't meant to be killed. Of course, it's a fair bit harder than the Knytt series.PS: I watched a lizard hunt for bats. Man, sometimes those things are even worse at hunting the little buggers than me."
76561198202429583,Recommended,312520,30840241,Posted: 30 March,all,AlrightHouse,more like Pain World
,Not Recommended,312520,30809364,Posted: 29 March,all,NargontheDragon,"terrible controls, and rng spawning will bone you over again and again. Won't jump when you need too. Some spots have ""hide"" holes that suck you in because they are right next to a wall jump spot. Made it to swamp area to find out there is no food for miles and couldn't progress."
76561198049038079,Recommended,312520,31084163,Posted: 11 April,all,weetee,"A good game with a very deep narrative if you know where to look. It has a great art style and the music is just phenomenal. The survival aspect of this game blended will with the platforming elements to create some very intense moments of near death.But, the controls for this game are not so good (particularly the wall jumping) and it was one on the only things to make the platforming difficult leading to some very frustrating moments.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a challenge and will enjoy a story that is uncovered rather than told. 8/10"
76561198253595200,Recommended,312520,31636866,Posted: 8 May,all,Honvono,"The game IS very punishing at the beginning, but there is one thing people NEED to realize before playing the game: You NEED to teach yourself, and master the game's mechanics yourself through experimentation. I don't mean simple trial and error, I mean actually bothering to focus in on the physics of the game and then trying to see how you can manipulate slugcat's movement in your favor. He is NOT simply flopping about or ragdolling for no reason, he is doing it because of something YOU did. There is a science to all of it, including the behaviors of the creatures and the environment itself. The game is a harsh world, but only when you look at it as such. It is definitely not a game that holds your hand and carries you away from consequences of your mistakes, but it is instead a game that lets you control IT. People easily find the flaws of the physics and then complain about them, but I haven't seen ANYONE mention the techniques MANY people use with slugcat to survive. These techniques, such as backflipping and sliding (assuming most people found out slugcat can do this), are only possible by manipulation of the physics. It's not simply a button combination that is telling slugcat to make those actions, it's the physics and momentum that's making it so. I even found a way to chain slides together to perform what can really only be called a wavedash, and that chain of sliding in itself is much faster transportation than the regular running. Heck, I even learned that you can use the momentum of the slide to perform a type of lunge that is both faster and longer than the regular jump, and requires far less buildup than the standard crouch jump (it's instantaneous). In a way, the jump is a mix of the two standard jumps the game teaches you. Whether all of this has already been discovered by others or not does not matter, as none of these extremely USEFUL and even sometimes NECESSARY techniques would even be possible for slugcat if it were not for the game's physics.In short, I believe the one complaint this game has is due to people not trying to adapt, and instead just blaming their shortcomings over issues that, because of the game's mechanics, can really only be caused by themselves.Get the game if you believe you are willing to adapt and learn the game through experience. If you are not willing to adapt out of the standard in video games, then you might as well just find something else."
,Not Recommended,312520,31211000,Posted: 17 April,all,Zill,"After four hours of trying to find the flow of this game, I think I'm going to give up. Rain World is charming, beautiful, and the main character is cute and full of character, but the gameplay simply doesn't work.On one hand, I often get stuck because a lizard is sitting on top of the only exit (tried and failed to find a way to kill one, and there's only so much you can do to avoid them). On the other hand, there are so many red herrings and things you should be told but aren't. I'm pretty sure I've just spent an hour trying to get past an obstacle that's actually a dead end, because a spot I found earlier and thought was a dead end was actually a passable obstacle (only I didn't realize I could only pass it with nothing in my hands - and no, I didn't find that one out, I saw it in a walkthrough).It's one thing to make a game that doesn't hold your hand, but it something quite different to make a game that doesn't even give you means to explore it. This game is trying to do too many things at the same time: there are enemies, a maze-like environment, AND a time constraint. The level design is the main culprit here:- there simply aren't enough alternate routes, and you often end up just trying to wait it out- there is almost no visual language to help you navigate,- there are huge parts of levels that serve no purpose beside luring you away from your shelter (which you have to reach before you run out of time),- and on top of that challenges stack, rather than balancing each other out (which means that a bad random roll results in a ridiculous combination of dangers, such as four lizards swarming the surface and a fire bird attacking from above).This could be such a marvelous exploration game - but instead it punishes curiosity. It could also be a great survival game - but instead it forces you to gamble. It could also be a great puzzle game, but instead of that no trick I've come up with seems to work. A major disappointment.(edited for typos)"
76561198012739885,Not Recommended,312520,30811646,Posted: 29 March,all,Feanor Gaming,"For me personally I don't mind if a game is really hard, I actually kinda like it cause it does make for a more rewarding experience as you make progress through the game. Saying that, I only like it when the game is a fair kind of hard. Take dark souls for example, the game is really hard but I never feel cheated while playing. When I die it is cause I messed up so I can only blame myself. Now with this game it is an artificial difficulty through just bad game design. So many times I felt like the game controls just weren't reacting to what I was doing in game. Having to jump across gaps with the crouch lunge was so frustrating on small ledges cause you would often times just fall off without any warning and would have to back track to the spot again and just fail all over again. The map loads so slowly which is kinda just baffling to me as you're running against the clock in this game and every second counts. Same goes with the eating system. You have to hold down the eat button for multiple seconds to actually consume the food. When you're rushing to do this to actually be able to save your progress before you get rained on, it just makes it really annoying and not fun.  I really was looking forward to this game but playing it just left me really disappointed. The art style is amazing and I love it so much. The atmosphere is really good as well. I honestly love everything else in this game other than the controls. It really sucks cause controls in platformer games are the most important part. If those don't feel right then it just ruins the gaming experience for me."
76561197996059372,Recommended,312520,30818635,Posted: 29 March,all,El Grande Gringo,"After the patch released the 6. of April I played a couple of more hours and I have changed my opinion. Turns out I was stuck in a area with particualarly little food that has since been fixed. I have not struggled nearly as much afterwards. The game keeps suprising me with new mysteries to explore and is defenitly less frustating now. The game is still a little ruff, but to good not to be recommended.Original Review included below:I like the world and I like exploring it. I like the music and I even like the controls many people are complaining about. I like challanging games, but not cruel punishing design.For me it went like this:In order to proceed you need to be on the correct day. To advance to the next day you first need to gather enough food so you can hibernate.Grinding enough food takes about 20 minutes.After 20 min of grinding your ready to hibernate, but then you die on your way back to the closest savepoint.The game rewinds time and you are now two days away from making any progress. meaning you have to grind another 40 minutes to proceed.Unless you die. Then it would be 60 minutes of grinding.And I have to add that when grinding your probably retracing your steps backwards. So not really exploring any new content eighter.I finally managed to claw my way out of this almost bottomless unfair pit of cruel design.I managed to proceed to the next area.Before the game would not let me save.I died....and where sent back to the previous area. Where there was nothing to do, but more grinding...It felt like beating the boss you been stuck on in dark souls and not being allowed to save afterwards..."
,Recommended,312520,30995226,Posted: 7 April,all,TheDuckPancake,"I'm about 15 hours in and so far this game really is amazing (especially when you reachFive Pebbles) but there almost no handholding (aside from the teaching you how to leap). Before you play I recommend you take a quick look at this reddit thread to show the proper controls and ways to play the game:https://www.reddit.com/r/rainworld/comments/6fdkgn/just_got_the_game_any_advice/I'd also add that your main focus should food and then exploration. You don't want to go on a large treck, find a hibernation point just in time but then realise you haven't filled your hunger bar enough.You can also look online at maps, spoilers, info on enemies, etc but personally I'd advise against it. Wondering through  the massive, beautiful environments and meeting new creatures/enemies for the first time and interacting with them is probably the best aspect of this game in my opinion."
,Recommended,312520,34132597,Posted: 9 August,all,Schlork,"This is an extremely fun game! The only problem is, it makes it extremely easy to get frustrated. Soon they will release an update that adds a less difficult character, so why not just give it a go?"
,Recommended,312520,33997971,Posted: 3 August,all,Ointment,"I can only describe this as poetry.Peotry is typically abstract and hard to understand, as is this game.Poetry can paint a picture of a both ugly yet beautiful world, as this game does.Poetry, though, isn't fun for me. This game is."
76561198149269776,Recommended,312520,33483054,Posted: 12 July,all,Urocaz,"Rainworld just ♥♥♥♥ing rules. it's hard as ♥♥♥♥, but it still rules. You are dropped into a world where everyone is just trying to eat enough to survive and find shelter, and as far as every creature is concerned you're just another possible food (most times) or a danger, the world doesnt treat you as the protagonist, it treats you as yet another creature. The way the AI of each little creature will react to you on it's own volition and the day cycles make this game feel more alive and real than any other I've played. That said it's ♥♥♥♥ing hard. been playing it for ages and I think I havent gotten past the second area. Still love it"
,Recommended,312520,31028431,Posted: 8 April,all,MedicalMage,"Step forth into an awe inspiring world with a broken, yet beautiful ecosystem full to the brim with unique and fantastical creatures. Said creatures vary in hostility, with some being ravenous monsters lusting for blood, and others being docile and gentle. The game is hard, one hit and you're dead. Well, when I say ""one hit and you're dead"", I really meant to say that if you end up in a creature's mouth, then you're dead. The game isn't like Mario, where if you so much as touch something you lose health and inevitably a life. You actually have to be caught by the creature that's hunting you, which adds to immersion (for me atleast). However, one of the coolest things about the game is the A.I of all of Rain World's inhabitants. You have some creatures that form tribes, some that will engage in territorial squabbles, some that know their being hunted, but there is one thing that all of Rain World's denizens fear above all else. Beware of the rain...."
,Recommended,312520,30988372,Posted: 6 April,all,03:27 PM,"Great atmosphere, great combat (but too easy to get killed and consequences of getting killed are too harsh), great sense of exploration, great sound, a little too hard for me but that's likely to change I guess. The rain is bad. Shouldn't outright kill you like that, at least not if your're indoors, and high up. How do the other animals survive? Recommended, but not perfect. It could easily be perfected"
76561198031911873,Recommended,312520,32080017,Posted: 31 May,all,ventuswings,"Most fascinating platformer I've ever played, with amazing ecosystem which complexity rivals that of actual simulator games.Complaints about random difficulty are woefully unjustified when there are people managing to beat the game under 4 hours with less than 5 deaths. However, I agree that some game mechanics could have been made less obscure; developers already use off-screen text to describe several things, so I don't think addition of a manual would have harmed immersion significantly."
76561198119086907,Recommended,312520,33843331,Posted: 27 July,all,ApocalypticMind,"This game is beautiful. I'm shocked it's not more popular, as it has a huge world to roam through and amazing graphics, art, and music. I got this game assuming it'd be short, but I'm trying to fully explore it and I'm dumping hours into it. It is definitely very frusterating and brutal at times, but in my opinion it's worth it in the end. There's a few bugs here and there, but none of which have made it unplayable. (Except, maybe, the time where I hibernated with a centipede and died over a hundred times trying to get out of my hibernation hole, but I think that's partically my fault.) Despite everything I highly reccommend this game and I wish it got noticed more, I can tell a lot of work went into it."
,Recommended,312520,34276101,Posted: 16 August,all,1c0n,"Pirated the game, regretted it, ended up buying it after I discovered the upcoming updates.Now I'm addicted to it.This Rain World is a cruel one; the fauna and flora alike are very hostile and dangerous, but among the danger there's beauty and majesty. There's friendship and kindness. You may be driven away by the difficulty (at least till the difficulty update comes out, then there will be an easy mode), but don't be intimidated, you'll adjust to it in time.If you enjoy platformers and challenges - this is the game for you. Just try to avoid spoilers, part of the charm is discovering new wildlife and finding ways to kill or befriend each creature."
,Recommended,312520,34299692,Posted: 16 August,all,Panda,pretty cool
,Recommended,312520,35379663,Posted: 1 October,all,ᴰᴿᶜ ᴬ Russian Cat ☭™,"This brought us the Slugcat, need I say more? Say more I need not."
76561198377634265,Recommended,312520,30990531,Posted: 6 April,all,lainibear35,"I LOVE this game. I love this game beyond what words can explain. I love this game because it is complicated and hard. Anybody who gets this game knows that you love and hate this game at the same time. I went through a lot of stress to convince my parents to let me buy this game, and I am not disappointed. This game is so artistically driven, set in a place that seems like a post apocalyptic world. This came always surprises you with new areas and new animals. Also another part I love is the slugcat itself. This main character is so adorable and is like a cute and fluffy slinky. You can do things like some sweet backflips and slinking through tiny tubes and up poles. If u are wondering if u should get this game or not... YOU SHOULD GET IT! This game is THE BEST in EVERY WAY. It is undoubtedly worth the money, just take my word for it."
76561198137449383,Recommended,312520,31430923,Posted: 28 April,all,Sumoterminator,"I really don't see the problem with people saying the game is to difficult, or that it's meant for players why already know the games ins and outs and have put our into the game. Look at how many hours I've put in (as of the 28th of April 2017, my playtime will increase over time obviously), and I'm doing just fine. I get into these pickles to, but I don't see them as something wrong with the game, but just part of the game. Don't complain about the fact that there's a lizard in the way and then run away as fast as possible, find away around it. You'll find a solution, and trust me, theres one whether you can see it or not. Don't get me wrong, I've had difficulty getting to places sometimes, because I missed the jump or I decided to explore, but that's just life, I made a decision and I made the wrong one, now I gotta fix it. I've walked into a room of lizards, and boy did I run, but I led them away and used my environment to my advantage to get around them. Those poles are a Godsend. Farming Karma is a piece of cake, I figured out where to find the food in about 30 minutes(in the first level). The controls flow like a river of lube, smoothest thing I've ever had the pleasure of using. You should see this thing run, you can make that slug cat fly like a bird if you wanna, and trust me, you can go FAST. The weapons aren't more of weapons, but tools. A lizard is blocking your way? Sprint at it full bore, Chuck a rock at its noggin at the last second then jump like a jack rabbit on crack, you'll make it over every time. Heck, you don't even need the rock, use the poles! There isn't a pole nearby, then stick your spear in the wall and climb ontop of it then leap off of it and over their heads. Theres always a way out of any situation, you just have to use your wits, your agility, and your Environment to your advantage. Not to mention, I never actually used the map. Forgot it was there, lol.Anyways, now to the part where I actually review the game. It's beautiful, one of a kind marvel. There isn't a single game like it, and I can garuntee that for sure. Why? Because it's the ONLY game so far that has been able to use the Radiant AI system, and use it well. Radiant has a bad reputation for being crap, it's a good concept, but hard to pull off, and these guys pulled it off BEAUTIFULLY, like no one has before. The world is interesting, the story only reveals itself if you look for it, and that's the thing, you have to look for most things in this game. Nothing is handed to you, you have to make sure you get what you need. The game didn't screw you over, you failed at what you were needing to do. You were running away from 3 lizards and in the panic you ran into a chasm and got lost? It's certainly not THE GAMES fault you fell down the hole, it didn't glitch and you teleported there, you fell down the hole. Maybe next time you should watch where your stepping butterfingers! You have to get what you need to get, you decide what you need to look for, you decide if you need to hibernate if you need to hunt if you need to explore, there are no objectives for you to complete, you have all the time in the world. Well, until your computer runs out of battery that is. I'm not good at explaining things, so just bare with me. The level layout is perfect for the game, it fits with the way the game flows and let's you use it to your advantage, you just have to figure out how and what you can use. What I love most is that you have to explore, you have to make the decisions, you have to figure things out and adapt to situations while you're in them to survive. The game isn't necessarily hard, it just doesn't show pity, you get what you get and you don't throw a fit. Figure a way out or start over, your choice. Figure it out yourself, I'm not going to walk you through it, last time I checked you aren't a little kids anymore. You gotta solve your own problems now, cuz the only thing here that doesn't want to eat you is you.  If you don't want that in a game , this game isn't for you. If you don't want that in general, life probably isn't for you either, cuz it isn't any different. I think it's beautiful, a diamond in the rough so to speak, and I highly recommend you buy it.Also, for the developers, what do you think about being able to store your items in safe zones while you hibernate. Being able to store food would make the game to easy, so you can use the idea that by the time you're done hibernating the food is either stale, Rotten, or eaten by insects, but things like rocks and spears? Now that would be useful, logical, and fair.Congratulations! You stuck through the entire review! Here's a cookie 🍪"
76561198080982049,Recommended,312520,31497907,Posted: 1 May,all,NekoNinja13,"It's like if you married Snake Pass's simple but challenging platforming, and Dark Soul's dark, bleak, and beautiful world design and sadistic difficulty that makes you beg and whimper for me. This game is awesome, easily one of my favorite indie games! Only ""problem"" is it's a teasny bit too open ended, so it's a difficult to figure out where to go and what to do  (but I think thats the point, and also part of the appeal). All and all a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,312520,32116696,Posted: 1 June,all,₁₄,best platform game i have played since mario
76561198089363859,Recommended,312520,32271654,Posted: 8 June,all,UselessGhost,"I suppose its time to write a review on Rain World, and I have to tell you, its work every penny. The graphics are beautiful. They are  fluid and always changing. The world itself is amazing as well. I havn't gotten far into the game, but from the few places I have been, I have enjoyed  just looking around and viewing the world around me. I do have to admit, however, this game is extremely hardcore. The aggresive creatures in the game are really difficult to navigate ( It could be that I just suck at playing the game ), and you WILL die multiple times at the beggining, and then some more throughout the game. I have only had to deal with the lizards and those satanic plant-things, and they are currently my worst hated nemesis...... Especially the white and blue lizards. ( Literally, just run for your life )Pros:-Beautiful world-Heartbreaking story, cutscreens with great artwork-Music is great, you get sucked into the game-Super smart AI makes you want to scream-Cute little SlugCat-Expansive gameplay, nothing is really the same.-You think you have beat the system, and then the system says 'Hah, no'Cons: ( These aren't that bad, but if you want this game, you need to be able to handle this )-Super mega brutal; you will probably rage-quit ALOT-Controls, if left unchanged, are a bit clunky but not completely game-breaking(Not really a con, but throwing it in here) -The game doesn't really tell you what/where/how to go or do things, so most of your gameplay is you running around a dangerous world like a newborn baby having no idea what to do and fighting/killing/and dying from monsters. ( I personally like this when Im just exploring the world, getting used to the map and learning stuff )Just get the game and experience it yourself. Do it. Go now and buy it. Its brutal. It will make you want to throw your computer. But it also will want you to keep playing and experience what lies beyond the tunnels and monsters. You will want to find out the truths to the world you live in. I have no regrets, and I hope you will have none as well."
76561198275114447,Recommended,312520,32973064,Posted: 28 June,all,MythmakerOxymore,"Needs more content - and not the kind you just throw in and make an ending from, especially if your original premise (and only cutscene) gives you a goal so different than your ed vision. For a bunch of ""artists"" I'm disappointed in these devs mostly for ignoring the fact that art MEANS method, and were't filling the tapestry a video game spans. videogames need good audio (pretty groovy music and [fittingly] pseudo-natural sfx: check!) visuals (given the program they chose to run animations from and their art style, it was well-done! check!) and a gripping way to interact that pulls from the same ways as a movie AND a game AND (more often than not) a novel (AAAAHHHH... hold that last thought).The artistic issue for this game came down to the way content was consumed... and it was difficult! we needed an in-game interpreter to read THOUGHTS- AFTER WE COMPLETED THE ONLY AND DIFFICULT SIDEQUEST- FROM PEARLS WE HAD TO HANDICAP OUR GAMEPLAY TO FIGURE OUT. This is a MAJOR NO-NO even when you consider the artistic reasoning for a game that strives to emphasize how intelligent an animal CANNOT be. While making all language abstract in this game plays into a theme, and helps to create a WONDERFUL way to implement storytelling by NPCs, it also REALLY hurts the sense of atmosphere, and sadly all the storytelling betrays the player who thought their slugcat would in the end, wind up back at that cozy tree and have a normal life to live out. It also hurts that certain entities which help you understand the game's languages try to talk, but unless you have gotten that ""gift of communication"" from someone else, you would just be confused, but a bit cheerful, because you got a free amp to your karma level's capacity and rank. Finally, the interpreter of ALL THE INTERESTING STORYLINES is unreasonably smart for someone who can't remember what a slugcat is, but still have vivid memories of what life serving what she saw as ""parasites"" with rationality evidenced by a comment on their opinions. While I love the NPC Moon and think her role is catered to nicely- given how the role of storyteller is executed-  we again see that internal player experience LACKING GREIVIOUSLY, since there is no more linguistic discovery. While the game captures very well the idea that animals are NOT INTELLIGENT, the only way for a ""ift of communication"" to take root is if the slugcat affected has a way to break that mechanical chirping the Iterators utter into UNDERSTANABLE LANGUAGE, which blurs the line between animal powers and supernatural/angelic powers on a philosophical scale. My point lies in that- THE LINGUISTICS, PLOT DEVELOPMENT, AND ROLE-INVOLVEMENT OF A PLAYER ARE NOT UP TO PAR in terms of knowing what you're saying, saying it well and highlightling a special rule that makes it all tie together, BGINNING TO END. What words are there are nicely put to fit what IS there, up until you mark the fact that unless you go to YouTube, you have no compelling reason to keep forging on except the dream of living a normal slugcat life that, with time fades. There's barely enough poking or prodding dreams to do that either... leading perfectly into the external experience of Rain World.The publicity is bad for this game and it feels more like a quick money grab than an actual indie game. Few reviews, people begging to be the lizards or vultures, and I think I'm the only one who saw on the Youtube site (or somewhere else) a promise for multiplayer than has not been fulfilled. JUST TAKE A MONTH TO WORK ON IT DEVS!!! MODS ARE WEIRD!! AND WHERE ARE THE SLUGCAT PUPS!!! ... oh right. they're still waiting for feedback, for all we know. how can we tell if they are doing alright as devs? we aren't aware of any mini-bug-fixes and, to be honest, I haven't heard many thanks on the forums for continued input, and the most recent info involving content for this game is that the game is part of a gaempack- not the game's own content but the game as content- GOING ON SALE. is this game on clearance? WHY IS HALF THE MUSIC OF THE GAME NOT IN THE OST? Going from Garbage Wastes to Industrial Complex I discovered a tune I douldn't put a finger to, and it's even worse when you consider that this is supposed to be near an Urban Jungle where there's less variance in creatures overall than in a comparatively smaller explorable area in a Spore DS game.  This game is lacking the content, and the players have no reassurance from devs that it is being monitored.I'm sorry devs. I really do like your game, but it's not complete. can we have birds in the background? more stuff like the dandilions in the Sky Islands? Aestheic stuff that's just there for our slugcat to play with? can I get a response? I mean, I understand that it's Indie, that you might be a small team, and that you value how much can be done with so little, but what about more? why can't a vulture or Leviathan make its way to the Depths and that specially-named abyssal fluid I believe Five Pebbles was trying to get so that, overriding his taboos, he could attempt to be free from being a bug? Why can't we just turn off that yellow dude, figure out why the blue dudes pop up, or maybe even explore new ecosystems with that knowledge? I mean, why should I have tokill my favotie NPC ever to roam free without pesky holograms redirecting my thoughts or distracting me?I'm sorry devs, but you should try to get a bigger team... which is hard I know, but at least you could keep updates better or focus on making those bugfixes for the next update- the one promised in that chat thread I have notifications on. I want Rain World to not just be a planet, but a solarsystem. This moon we have is nice, and though I wish it were better in various ways, I want only more of it and from it. Thanks for giving me the time to enjoy, critique, and cherish this game as a personal favorite.Edited 7/1/17Man, I have terrible timing! Not 24 hours went by after I wrote the first part before I discovered a Kickstarter link for Rain World, and IT ADDRESSES MANY ISSUES LISTED ABOVE. I'm not sure if I prompted this or if I just have weird timing/awareness, but looking at the upcoming features it seems like there is MORE than what I asked for; soon there will be 2 new kinds of slugcats to play as, separate variants of this alien(?) rodent that change the very mechanics of a player's virtual exploration in a very inventive scope: the devs should give themselves a pat on the back, because although this game's creation-concept and animal perspective both limit the linguistic/storytelling potential, the artistic devs have not struggled against the woven net, but instead, have learned to let things be, gracefully sliding through their obstacle like jellyfish.  ;-) Exploration and discovery go hand in hand, and though the lands beneath Five Pebbles have been well-traveresed- by many of few, it matters not so much- every cycle is a new adventure, every new region a new jungle, each creature a new explorer, with their own methods for survival. The introduction of new Slugcat breeds into this rainy world, as well as the migration of new creatures and the pollenation of new plants shall give all players, successful or struggling, a fresh outlook of the journeys they take, the skirmishes they will engage in, and their hopes for dicovery.However, with light on the horizon I also wish to look back to the dark old land behind us. A comment thread was posted highlighting how the game was made more easy, especially in terms of hunting and gathering (food availability; abundance and regeneration) and pathfinding with maps. My thoughts on all difficulty balances is that they lean at least a little too easily, but food availability and map forgetfulness were too generous, impoverishing the thrill I had in exploration! I wish map permanence and food abundance were not wholly unchangeable, and could be toggled as optional diffuculty handicaps for seasoned explorers. I miss little else, loving all I DO have."
76561198069738165,Recommended,312520,35391188,Posted: 1 October,all,Muush,"Challenging, rarely frustrating, very satisfying."
,Recommended,312520,31620234,Posted: 8 May,all,Siliconekitten,"I really love how this game feels, so exploring and it makes me curious about every little tiny bit you can pick up and every area just makes me want to explore more! :D Only thing that saddens me a tiny bit is my arthritis doesn't let me play for more than a wittle bit every time because the controls are a little demanding on my fingers :3 BUT! The best thing about that, is I can get help from my boyfriend so I can watch him play and still enjoy this awesome tiny creature's amazing adventure's on the screen. Can't wait to play/watch some more! I would gladly recommend this to anyone! >^•^<"
,Recommended,312520,33678257,Posted: 20 July,all,Remerai,The best wildlife documentary I've ever played.
76561198400680988,Recommended,312520,34308571,Posted: 17 August,all,tushamotya,Live. Die. Repeat. (because it's so much fun!)
76561198016895713,Recommended,312520,31124173,Posted: 13 April,all,Delsis,"I like survival, I like puzzles, and I like cut. (♥ω♥ ) ~♪"
,Recommended,312520,34514381,Posted: 26 August,all,perfectvolta67,"This concept is AWESOME.  But, at least for me, this game is just lacking a motive to keep playing.  The plot is super vague, and I never have any idea if what I'm doing is right.  I would still recommend this game because it is super cool and it is fun to play, I'll just never take the time to actually finish this one."
,Recommended,312520,31123385,Posted: 13 April,all,PhoenixRhapsody,"While the game is frustrating beyond belief, the core is still solid enough to provide a degree of fun worth having. Also, if you beat it, it's better bragging rights than saying you beat Dark Souls at Soul level 1."
,Recommended,312520,34218808,Posted: 13 August,all,Gigabitesback,Incredibly hard but fun...
76561198013347230,Recommended,312520,34253768,Posted: 15 August,all,Dextkiller,"You uncurl from the dead grass as the grinding gears of the hibernation chamber awaken you. Once the seals have been opened, you crawl out into a world still dripping with water from the vicious rains you narrowly escaped last time. You make your way across the overgrown landscape, picking up a couple fruits to scarf down on the way. You travel far, barely avoiding the jaws of dangerous predators as you collect what food you will need to hibernate through the next downpour.The first drop hits your forehead and you look up into the darkening sky with aprehension.You search for safety, all the while the rain pours harder and harder. It becomes nearly blinding and feels like a thousand daggers upon your hide. But there, just off in the distance, barely visible but for the small golden flower defiantly hanging beside it. Shelter. You curl up, shivering slightly from the bone deep chill. it takes time, but eventually you fall into the deep sleep you are so familiar with.You dream of your family, and wonder for what feels like the thousanth time if you'll ever see them again.-----------------------------------------------------Rain World will beat you down and as soon as you get back up it'll hit you even harder. It's a game that's tough as nails and won't teach you anything more than the bare minimum of what you need to scrape by. It'll throw you out into the abyss and tell you swim or die. And you will die, over and over and over again. Depending on your disposition, you might even quit and never pick it back up again.But if you keep going, and keep learning, you'll discover one of the deepest and most rewarding gaming experiences you've ever played.Rain World has a vast and fascinating world delivered by a beautiful and melancholy artstyle that really helps sell the abandoned feel of everything. If you're willing to look for it, you'll also find a rich and intriguing backstory beyond the simple struggles of your adorable Slugcat. You'll see things beyond your imagination or comprehension, learn secrets about the world that are reserved only for the highest of beings, and feel smaller than you've ever felt.I can't recommend this game enough. While it has it's share of mechanical issues (frustrating deaths, slightly wonky character controls at times, and lack of direction). it makes up for it all with a brilliant world populated with believable creatures and events, amazingly simple yet deep gameplay, and a story that left me feeling in awe and brought nearly to tears by the end."
76561198119834041,Recommended,312520,34318805,Posted: 17 August,all,Fuzzy,"You play as a ""slugcat"", which is a floppy cat thing that looks cute and is able to climb, jump, sneak, leap, grab, throw, and more. There is an absolutely HUGE map which has vaults scattered around for you to hide in. Every so often there is a deadly rainstorm, so you must hibernate in the vaults, but you need to find food in order to do so, which comes in the form of small flying creatures and berries. There are various predators unique in appearance AND behavior that you must avoid, with stealth, speed, trickery, and above all, caution. You will feel like a hunter, an explorer, and a survivor.The term ""more than meets the eye"" doesn't fit ANY game better than this one. It's an amazing game. The gameplay is tough but rewarding and just FASCINATING. I keep wanting to know more and explore further. No deaths feel cheap, I can always see clearly what I did wrong, and though there are some difficult jumps in some parts, remember Einstein's definition of insanity. Just shift a little to the side or time your buttons a little differently and eventually it will become a piece of cake.It's unique.It's simple, yet huge.It's intriguing.It's beautiful.It's challenging.It's terrifying.Buy this game."
76561198013697341,Recommended,312520,32173431,Posted: 4 June,all,bai_ganyo,"The best game I've played this year. I didn't really feel these 57 hours go.Some people criticize the mechanics, I think they're brilliant. It's barenknuckles survival. Your rodent never makes it easier by crafting himself a better weapon, he / she never learns new 'tricks', you just learn to master his/her abilities and anticipate the movements correctly. The slugcat can be very clumsy but also very agile and it all boils down to your skills (I played with a controller).The graphics and the atmosphere are out of this world.Music is scarce, mostly you'll sit clenching your controller, trying to catch ledges and swim away from danger in relative silence. When it is used, it is done to wonderful effect.Everything is very bleak, there is little of interest for you to find or pick up. All the game gives you as a bait to continue is exploring uncharted land and surviving.The game is not particularly fair. Due to some factors of randomness a predator might lounge around the exit of a room for too long or you might be killed the moment you step into the room. But although I was stuck here and there, it seldomly made me feel angry. The struggle to survive itself was so tense and such fun, I never let the game lie for too long.You're definitely thrown in at the deep end but once you get comfy being part of the foodchain again, it's a hell of a ride!"
76561198042120701,Recommended,312520,34343763,Posted: 18 August,all,l.,"Before I start, I want you to look at the negative Rain World reviews. I doubt more than one or two made it past two hours, before presumably refunding it. These people likely rage-quit once, and never came back. If you play Rain World, it's pretty much a granted you will punch your monitor at least once, perhaps more in some of the harder segments. But the beauty of the game is that it still feels wonderful every time you come crawling back. Moments of panic, then abrupt death are common in the game, but so are moments of pure, undiluted enjoyment, wonder, and a sense of progression so severely lacking in other games, despite the open nature of this game. If you like platformers, make it past the first rage without refunding the game, I guarantee you'll get your money's worth, if you perservere. Anyway,https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2017/03/27/rain-world-review/I didn't write this, in case you don't realise, but I do hav several things to say about the review.This was written before release, and the biggest change is probably the fact that after you die, and get reset back to the previous hibernation chamber, the area you have explored, despite your death, is still uncovered. And honestly, most of the progress in this game is exploration. There're some other little elements you pick up along the way, but death means being put back to an area you have already explored. It can get boring IF you go the same way that led to your death last time, but you can go another path if you so desire, which you probably do, as exploration is the most interesting thing about this game, and above and beyond games like skyrim or the witcher 3 in that aspect. The joy of exploring, the tight controls when platforming, which is initially frustrating due to the unorthodoxically low jumps and somewhat frustrating wall jumps, but you get used to it in time, and even learn to appreciate the depth of gameplay it adds. I'm by no means a hardcore, masochistic gamer, and sometimes i do find myself having daydreams of smashing my monitor when playing rainworld, but the good most definitely outweigh the bad, at least if you can appreciate open-world exploration and platforming.Few (non-spoilery) tips for those who do buy the game- You throw what is in your left hand, unless there is nothing in it. You can swap the hands you hold something in by double tapping the pick-up button, to make sure you throw what you want to throw.- Crouching down and holding the pick-up button puts the item down gently, near you.- If you eat something which has no effect on your hud, I believe you are actually storing it in your belly for later, and can vomit it back up in the same condition it was in by holding the eat/pick up button.- Yellow 'Guardian' that follows you gives tips in the form of symbols. This is usually a direction it wants you to head in, but sometimes warns of dangers or nearby hibernation chambers. Blue Guardians tell you directions only.- Guardian will look at you, then in the direction it wants you to head. If you wait too long, it might think you're not comprehending it and will show you a more explicit image to get you moving.- You don't have to follow it's directions, but I think it's a good way to progress the plot.- If it doesn't want to kill you, most likely you can use it for something.- If it looks intimidating, it likely wants to kill you- If it doesn't look intimidating, it might still want to kill you- If you♥♥♥♥♥♥it off, it wants to kill you.- If it wants to kill you, you're generally better off making yourself scarce than fighting it."
76561198140404849,Recommended,312520,34529108,Posted: 27 August,all,ipaddimatteo,"I really like this game, from the beautiful maps to the physics based gameplay elements ( i'm a sucker for those ) this game is a breath of fresh hair.even if its really hard its never so hard that you get stuck, and most important, even when you think you have already seen everything, even so early into production, theres always something new to discover.if you want nearly endless hours of cool stuff happening, download it, its worth every penny.( This is my first review, i've never bothered to make one until now, so sorry if its spelled out weirdly )"
,Recommended,312520,32290761,Posted: 9 June,all,GrisouilleWolf,"It's a very good game.I'm so sad that i already finished it,I really wish for an endless survival mode on this game because i really want to live a life of slugcat and become a real survivor.Multiplayer survival mode will be great too.I really recommand this game, it's really fun, cute and you don't want to stop to play it."
,Recommended,312520,34261099,Posted: 15 August,all,Kade,"My new main game, its so cool and great designed. and very difficult and not for people who get frustraded fast.Its worth the 20 euro."
,Recommended,312520,34308719,Posted: 17 August,all,Folle,"Hall of Fame.Awesome physics-based gameplay, which is sufficiently punishing to make encounters truly dangerous and risky, but not enough to necessarily ragequit. Exceptional pixel-art (seriously, my mouth was agape at certain points) and very decent soundtrack, which makes the ambience that much more atmospheric. Captures the feeling of being in a foodchain really well, making encounters and the world itself feel truly dynamic and not just a linear line of monsters to kill like most 2D action platformers. Dark Souls-like lore, in that it's fulfilling and deep, but requires effort to uncover and isn't spoonfed. While it can be confusing and directionless, that adds a lot of feeling to the game, since the very point of it is to be wandering around a strange world without knowing what to do or where to go."
,Recommended,312520,34916244,Posted: 13 September,all,spooky tree 🎃💀,"Rain World is by far one of the best games of 2017.It is an exciting, relaxing, edge of your seat, bewildering experience.The atmosphere of the game is amazing, and the procedural animation used makes it seem like a real ecosystem.I would recommend this game for anybody who enjoys a challenge, as it is a very challenging game.It can seem unfair at times, which is the only thing i have against it."
,Recommended,312520,35433462,Posted: 2 October,all,Bill,"This game is really good, and you should play it. Perservere past the insane difficulty (that's getting easier in an update at the time of writing this) and you'll have a depressingly beautiful time."
76561198009055468,Recommended,312520,31316022,Posted: 23 April,all,Stryx,"Great game with somewhat hard difficulty, but definitely worth it. If you persist through hard times at the begining, you will learn to master slugcat survival skills and the game will reward you with wonderful world, mechanics, art, lore, fun and concept. I liked how the mechanisms of the game develop as you play towards epic ending. Few things could be perhaps better. Climbing the deer was difficult, and there is a point between Chimney cannopy and the sky islands, where I got stuck for really long time before letting go. But overall the game is really lovely and maybe the best I have played this year."
76561198310883540,Recommended,312520,32243338,Posted: 7 June,all,⚞ 𐌄𐋏𐌊𐍈'𐍃 ⚟,"this game is peaceful to me idk why, i recommend playing it. ;: )))"
,Not Recommended,312520,34473038,Posted: 24 August,all,Dracasis,"I want to like Rain World but, after hours of frustration and rolling around in circles I am left with an inevitable conclusion that Rain World is not a very enjoyable game. It doesn't give you anything but punishes you rather heavily for making mistakes. Everything in the game that moves is a potential enemy and even things that aren’t enemies 20 times you pass them can become unavoidable death traps if you do something wrong, erasing 10 minutes of progress without warning. The game allows you to wall yourself into a corner with the randomly generated enemies where you can only die and has a nasty habit of killing you without you knowing why.If all the dying wasn’t bad enough, the game also punishes you for dying with a death track that goes up and down based on how well you survive. When the track is too low, you're blocked off from areas of the game so, if you die while trying to increase this track, you can end up in a vicious cycle of doing the same thing over and over again becoming more and more frustrated. Sadly there's no reason these areas are blocked off, there is nothing raising this track gives you that would increase your survive in the new area and, if you happen to die in the new area to the new enemies you couldn’t predict were there before you can save on the other side, you return to pre-opening of the door (and you cant open the door and save again) to being pulling your hair out.The animation of the game is brutally awful. What you can and cant interact with in the world (poles, floors, doors) is poorly defined and hard to know what you can actually work with. Worst of all, the controls are very squishy. I died more times than I can count because my character would not grab the bar or squeeze through the crevice or grab the line beneath me. For a platformer, bad controls are the cardinal sin; all else could be forgiven if I felt the deaths were my from my incorrect action and not the game simply deciding not to do my action.The game could have been great; I was honestly interested in the world and story, I felt truly gratified taking down a beast for the first time and was gripped with fear the first time I saw a vulture drop from the sky above me. But after being eaten for the umpteenth time because I pressed jump and my slugcat clung to the wall instead or pressing up then jump to climb onto a pole and jump away only to have him pull up and fall off the end instead killed it for me.I cant give the game more than a 3/10. I want to like it but cant."
,Recommended,312520,30824849,Posted: 29 March,all,TangerinaCat,im going to keep it simplethe game is pretty goodand pretty hard
,Recommended,312520,31218564,Posted: 18 April,all,Wehafse,the game is really goodbut the control are sloppymost of my deaths are cause by the sloppy controls
,Recommended,312520,31025691,Posted: 8 April,all,♎ Dan The Dragon ♎,"Rain world is pretty tough.. though I got used to the controls and difculty pretty fast, though that may be just meI highly recomend it for those who are always ready for a challange and those who pay close attention to there surroundings you can tame creatures fight creatures though it is eaiser to to avoid most of them. But yeah in all its a pretty fun game"
,Recommended,312520,30806561,Posted: 28 March,all,Atmos Games,"I'm curious if Rain World will find it's niche group and become one of those cult classic, brilliant super-challenging games that streamers play endlessly. I personally don't really have an opinion about the difficulty, because frankly I'm not into difficult games. So yeah, buy it and see for yourself :)"
,Recommended,312520,30972706,Posted: 5 April,all,Chryslenne,Oh look! floating jellyfishes!*chomp*~ugh~'What's that sound of moaning?'*chomp*~aaauugghhh!!~*chompx4*~.........ugh......~'dafuq...'
76561198047581666,Recommended,312520,31248000,Posted: 19 April,all,Myon,"This is a gorgeous platformer, provided you have a stomach for the relatively harsh difficulty at times. The environment and animations are varied and beautiful, the narrative is compelling and well presented, and the gameplay is satisfyingly open ended - with enough knowledge and skill you can get out of almost any sticky situation you find yourself in. You will die often, but retracing your steps is rarely boring due to the many emergent interactions between the mobs, the environment, and you.I won't spoil the larger plot, but if you are a fan of the setting or the premise, you'll find a payoff commensurate to the difficulty if you stick through it."
76561198029978434,Recommended,312520,31250201,Posted: 19 April,all,Funny Meme Guy,"This game is extremely punishing but is an amazing experience the I will undoubtedly never forget.Pros:- Enemy design is incredibly sophisticated. For example: certain enemies will rush at you while others will wait for you at a pipe. Other enemies will hide and run away from you but will attack when cornered. No 2 types of enemies feel copied and pasted (asside from the obvious different types of lizards, but even they feel unique.) Enemies fight amongst eachother in extremely organic ways that really make them feel alive. The enemy design is easily IMO the most interesting part of this game- Art style is beautiful- Sound design is one of the best I've seen in any game- Music is often subtle but kicks in during battles and chases. When there is music, it's crazy good. Plus it has the bonus of being procedurally generated based on the enemies near you making it always feel unique to your experience- Universe is super interesting- The entire game can be backtracked upon, making it an almost open world game. There are also several paths through each region making the game feel non linear while in reality still being pretty linearCons:- This game is very punishing. I don't mean it's like kinda hard. It's ♥♥♥♥ing brutal. There are several sections which, if performed properly, should take about 5 minutes, but instead I replayed them over and over again for hours- Controls are not very well conveyed. I'd suggest looking up some controls you may not have realized existed (like down+use to drop items)- Swimming feels very rough (hard to time swimming jumps, difficult to swim into pipes, etc)- Very little replay valueFinal Thoughts:If you like extremely punishing 2D platformers with unique everything, get this game. Also, I've seen a lot of reviewers say that the controls in this game are bad. I couldnt disagree more. Aside from the slightly iffy water controls I belive the controls in this game to be very good, infact better than many platformers. I think the biggest thing this game suffers from is not giving the player enough breathing room early on. If you can get past the initial learning curve, this game is very VERY good. Don't let this game slip by. Get it."
,Recommended,312520,33739520,Posted: 23 July,all,Reila Nimu,"I am very much a person who puts a lot of weight on story in games and well, pretty much everything. So let me just say that in that aspect, Rain World doesn't do much, unfortunately. Of course there is some lore here and there, but it is really bare-bones, so I wish they had worked a bit more on that aspect.Okay, I just wanted to take that out of the way.Rain World is a fantastic game. It looks good, it is fun, it is funny (those jerky animations are so good), it is challenging (even if frustrating at times). The developers created this huge ecosystem with a good variety of unique creatures both in their looks and behavior. Even two different colors of the same creature act different enough to be considered their own thing. The procedural animation method they used in the game really makes those creatures look... I don't know, alive. They look like they have some sort of identity on their own, it seems like they are even frustrated at times.The music is good. I wouldn't say the game is a prime example of great soundtrack, but it does what it is supposed to do and it does it very well.The gameplay is very simple, which is great. Rain World is not about mastering controls or abilities, it is about to learning how the ecosystem and geography of that world works. You need the knowledge in both aspects to survive, because the creatures aren't the only deadly thing in this game. After all, it isn't called RAIN World for nothing.I freaked out so very much the first time I experienced the rain ;-;So yeah, give it a try."
,Recommended,312520,34194916,Posted: 12 August,all,AsCii_exe,"This is easily one of my favourite indies of 2017, it starts kinda slow but as you leave the first zone and you start familiarizing with the world and all the mechanics it turns out to be a very amazing and immersive experience, the game is in general kinda hard but not impossible as I've seen some people say (also the developers said they'll add an easy mode in future updates) but its not until you reach the train station zone (one of the final zones) that the difficulty goes over the top and you start to really need to know where everything is to survive. One of the best things in this game is the AI, by the way all the monsters and plants move around and interact with the environment and other monsters they make every zone to feel much more real and like if has its own ecosystem but what I love the most is the way they move, it has that same feeling that Limbo had of every movement being very raw and visceral but not in a flashy or bombastic way as any other game would do, also when a predator chases you there's no big scream or battle music or anything and when for example an alligator finally gets you they just take one bite and start shaking you around while holding you with its mouth to make sure you're dead as a real animal woud do and, as I said earlier, it makes the whole situation feel very raw and visceral.Lastly I recommend to play this game with keyboardand mousebecause the main character is a bit slippery and can be very difficult to control precisely with an analog stick and believe me, you'll need those precise controls when you're running, climbing and jumping away from giant alligators"
76561198070962845,Recommended,312520,31506147,Posted: 2 May,all,Chestnutburrr,"This game is a hardcore.If you like a challenge, you will like it.if you don't, you will give it up."
76561198296484654,Recommended,312520,32294134,Posted: 9 June,all,Haycelaw,only thing i dont like are grapling worms
,Recommended,312520,33709626,Posted: 21 July,all,Oodle,"This game is amazing. In this game you play as a nimble slugcat moving back and forth between shelters and collecting food to save your game. The level of fear while you scavenge is real because the few save points in this game are far apart. To survive in the world you need to use spears and bricks to distranct and stun vicious predators that roam around the corner. You also need to use your abilities of movement to the fullest as you dodge around your foe's large mouths and move around the world. And finally the most important tool that you need is knowledge of the game. Different items do different things and different animals interact with each other like they wound in nature. You might leap around a lizard and throw a spear at it to buy enough time to escape or you might lure two lizards together so that they fight and they don't notice you. The nimble characters and the natural feeling animals are further enhanced by the procedurally generated animation that is in this game. Instead of using a sprite sheet or drawing each animation out, the game allows the creatures to move around in a way that isn't rigid. All the creatures in the game(including you) are flexible and can wrap around different objects. As you run and jump you see your tail moving up and down while you see lizards and tentacled monsters moving around as if they had real bodies that would bend and flex. Overall I love this game and I can't wait to finish this review and play some more."
76561198102404687,Recommended,312520,34333672,Posted: 18 August,all,YetiPolice,"A pinch of Another World and Flashback from the old Amiga!A dash of Pikachu cuteness with the protagonist!A quite unforgivingly harsh gameplay!A load of Genndy Tartakovsky-style post-apocalyptic backgrounds!A bunch of creepy predators!These were the ingredients to create the perfect platformer. But Professor Adult Swim Games accidentally added an extra ingredient to the concoction:Chemical Level Design X!Thus, the RAIN WORLD was born!Using his/her/its ultra super exploding berries and spears,Slug Cat has dedicated his/her/its life to ........ well...... live!Try it.Tis epic."
76561198023011099,Recommended,312520,30954700,Posted: 4 April,all,Vortex ♀ Pixalation,"Rain World is Unforgiving, doesn't hold your hand and wants to kill you, that isn't a negative (looking at you MetaCritic) that is called a game mechanic, after all would Dark Souls be the same game if it told you everything"
76561198003064944,Recommended,312520,30956342,Posted: 5 April,all,Smooth McDongle,"Hard as balls, but dripping in atmosphere and very immersive."
,Recommended,312520,31948900,Posted: 25 May,all,Mechak,"Awesome, unique, challenging. And the slugcats are cute."
,Recommended,312520,34195878,Posted: 12 August,all,Total Atomic Annihilation,"Beautiful and intringing, the AI Ecosystems are a big strong point for me, each creature in Rain World interacts with eachother, creating artificial food chains. The level of detail in this game is awesome."
,Recommended,312520,30896657,Posted: 2 April,all,Aecx,"Rain World.A game where you play as a slugcat who lost its family. You find yourself in this strange world, full of dangers, and many other things.Pros:-It's fun!-Everything is so organic, all the creatures have realistic movement, etc-You have a toaster pc? You can still run it at 60 fps!-There is so much to explore and do!-Includes cool slugcat parkour moves.Oh and you're gonna die a lot. Like a lot.Cons:-Sometimes the game can feel a tad bit unfair.-Underwater controls are really wonky.-Nothing much, really!And did i mention you die a lot in this game? This game is brutal.Overall: Great game, amazing pixel graphics, good gameplay. I totally recommend it!Oh and local multiplayer coming soon."
76561198378947421,Recommended,312520,30888131,Posted: 1 April,all,Rustymeepo | trade.tf,"my friend, who owns a PS4 console, has told me about this game and has played a around 8 hours almost immidiately prior to the the release.he told me about it, and i was exited for the release, and was very happy to get to to play it, but when i clicked the new game button (after experiencing some lag) my game froze and promptly crashed. i have repeated this over and over to no avail. i  kindly  requesed a refund and hope to be able to play this game in the future."
,Recommended,312520,31600969,Posted: 7 May,all,not a cat,It's like 2d Dark Souls with even more despair
,Recommended,312520,30918424,Posted: 3 April,all,ck36,Slugcat‘s perfect day!Eat bats.Idle around.Attack by some colorful lizards.Die.9/10.wonderful pixel artwork.deadly rain.cute slugcat.my ♥♥♥♥ing hands.
,Not Recommended,312520,30827561,Posted: 29 March,all,Crymson Fluffsune,"I really wanted to like this game its very pretty and wonderfully designed but the game tells you nothing except the basic controls during the very short tutorial. It tells you nothing about a large number of mechanics in the game which I had to trawl through the discussion forums just to find out what certain things I was shoving into my face was doing. I spent a long frustrating hour unable to figure out how to get to some places and only after nearly 2 hours in the game did I figure out that you can throw spears at the wall to make more ledges. And again that wasn't fron the game that was from the discussion forum! There is nothing wrong with being vague, dropping some hints here and there but outright providing no information is a detrement to gameplay.I also had massive issues with the controls. As advised I played with a controller, and I have my trusty Steam Controller which functions incredibly well with the game but the controlls are atrocious. The Slugcat, the players character, pretty much does as it wishes grabbing things at will, climbing poles when you don't want it, climbing into the wrong pipe which occasionally are stacked on top of each other. For a game that requires split second thinking and precise control the amount of control you do not have over certain actions is ghastly. This leads to frustratingly cheap deaths.In the end I got sick of this wonderfully, pretty game and had to refund it. I could not play it further and it makes me feel sad."
,Not Recommended,312520,30824899,Posted: 29 March,all,Segolia,"Well, I really wanted to like it and in spite of the negative reviews, I decided to give it a go. Ultimately I only made it about 45 mins in before throwing in the towel.It's honestly frustrating because I feel like there really is a good game here - the art and sound sets a beatiful aesthetic and set the tone of a dreary, oppressive world amazingly well, but any desire to explore this world was quickly quashed by schizophrenic controls and game design that is confusing at best.For a game that mandates nearly pixel perfect platforming, your character slugcat felt sluggish (heh) and imprecise and simultaneously managed to grab onto everything I *didn't* want it to and constantly dropped off things I did. I found it genuinely impossible to tell whether I was going to need to press the jump button again to consciously grab hold of something, or if I was going to automatically grab onto something and then pressing the jump button would immediately detach me from it, wasting time as I went around some long circuitous route to attempt againSpeaking of time, that's just another one of the confusing game design decisions. For a game that seems to want to explore and discover its story and world, you are seemingly punished at almost every turn. Even the most basic enemies will chase you relentlessly and are capable of killing you in one hit. You have no apparent means to defend yourself (you can throw things at enemies but it's unclear if this is more of a distraction than anything). Not only that but you're held to a strict timer in each ""cycle"" before an endless deluge of rain starts up, inevitably killing you.The idea is that each cycle you collect food and then hibernate before the rain starts up, however you can only hibernate in select spots (of which I only found the one you are introduced to in the tutorial). Not only that, pathways to new areas are locked until you reach a certain cycle, and death will set you back a cycle. With no real indication as to where other hibernation spots might be, combined with the harsh punishment of death, and you are pretty disinclined as the player to stray very far from your starting spot for risk of losing the few precious shreds of progress you're able to makeThrow in frustrating controls and poor explanation of critical game mechanics and you have a game which in 45 minutes so thoroughly discouraged me from exploring it's own beatiful world and wanting to experience its story. Maybe there is something rewarding to be had for players who push past this, learn all of the games quirks and commit to the slow crawl of progress rain world drip feeds you, but I feel like all but the most dedicated players are going to tap out before that point.This is a good candidate for steam's refund policy I think - try the game yourself if you're interested and see if you're willing to look past these issues. I can't, and sadly the game did little to inspire me that I would be rewarded for my patience and not frustrated more as it presumably ramps up the difficulty"
76561198117824034,Recommended,312520,30823566,Posted: 29 March,all,HungryWalrus,"Rain World is an utterly captivating (and often frusturating) game. It's gameworld is inhabited by one of the most vibrant simulated ecosystems I've seen. Simply exploring and seeing the simulation play out is a treat.Before you purchase, ask yourself, are you okay with dying? Because you will be doing that a lot in this. Expect to be frustrated. However, use that frustration to vault yourself forward. Much like Dark Souls, the satisfaction of an earned victory is worth the pain of defeat.There is a lot here to see, and I can't wait to see all of it."
,Recommended,312520,30824897,Posted: 29 March,all,Futil,"I've put in a little over five hours at the point that I'm writing this review. I love this game, though maybe it is a niche experience.To preface, let me begin with my first experiences, which were mixed, and then continue into what I really felt about this game.I'm sure that you have read reviews praising the audio and graphical design of the game. They aren't lying, this game is absolutely beautiful from an aesthetic standpoint. At first, I was enthralled by the visuals and movement; everything was fluid and smooth, and wholely unique to anything I have seen before.In terms of gameplay, it wasn't long after the tutorial when I hit my first roadblock. I kept dying and losing my progress before I could even get anywhere, and I began to become frustrated. I think during this initial stage I was trying to play this game like I've played most other platformers in the past, quickly and reactionary. My feelings changed when I approached the game world carefully, planning out my movements and making sure to watch the clock to see how much time I have before needing to find shelter. I went from dying every cycle more than once, to living through five cycles before a bad jump or a web lizard decided to have it's way with me. I think for a lot of people, they approach this game like most other platformers and end up getting burnt out before they think to change their strategy. They see the slow movements and low jump of the slugcat as boring, which it would be were this super meat boy, instead of as a method of leveling the playing field between the world and the player. Movement still feels good, really good, but not as a traditional platformer. It feels good because it imposes this sense of reality on the player, but that feeling can only be appreciated when you realize that the focus isn't on snappyness, instead it's on weight. You need to plan for your mobility, for your limited arsenal, and for your knowledge of the world around you.This isn't a game for everyone, and that's okay. It's totally fine if you play it and never end up liking it. But if it clicks, if that lightbulb turns on and you begin to learn the systems of the world, when you feel the excitement of pushing your luck and finding a shelter before time runs out, you'll learn to really love this game. I love this game, and sure I may get frustrated when that creepy bird thing snatches me off the ground, but that frustration is easily remedied when I lure a lizard into it's path instead.I give this game a 10/10, and I recommend you try it. Don't give up easily though, push through and see if you find that appeal, because if you do it will be worth it. If you don't, well, steam offers refunds, and you can look for other games more to your liking!10/10 would slug and cat again"
76561198126974596,Recommended,312520,30862386,Posted: 31 March,all,otaku-nya,I like it. It's fun
76561198010013373,Recommended,312520,30944303,Posted: 4 April,all,deDeli,Bir süne zararlısının akrobasi ve macera dolu yolculuğu :D DEDE onayladı !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2lo-cJTORg
,Recommended,312520,30864563,Posted: 31 March,all,Qwertx,"This is a good game but it is so tedious. There are many little things about it that are really creative but the karma system is so anoying and enemies always seem to block up passage ways so you can't get though, you may even have to back track to find a pebble or somthing, there are ways to get around this but still it's so anoying. I think that poor choices made my the devs are disguised as difficulty. I was just pointing out the worst in it, all in all it is a good game and I would reccomend it. I know this would kind og defeat the purpose of it but I hope they add an easier mode so you can explore more freely."
76561198196924683,Recommended,312520,30934783,Posted: 3 April,all,winniemcpoo,this is a really fun exsploration game. and the best part about this game is there is a lot of challenge and no hand holding. you need to find ways to survive in some what unfair situations. but in my opinion thats whats fun about the game. so if you looking for an easy fun game you probably would not enjoy this as much.
76561198254070112,Recommended,312520,30912799,Posted: 2 April,all,wolfslove,"Aah, I absolutely love this game! The first I heard of it was Markiplier's video a few days ago... I almost immediately went to go buy it.Honestly, the game is pretty frustrating, sometimes a baddy will spawn as soon as you wake from hibernation and kill you first thing, nothing you can do about it.But it is also so beautiful and interesting! I definitely think it's worth it.I've heard a lot of people complaining about the controls -and honestly they are difficult- but for me, I have a learning curve for most game controls anyway. I've already got the hang of it a lot faster than I'd get most games.I've already made a few of my friends play it, and honestly it's not for everyone, but it's defiantly worth a try if you are thinking about it."
76561198192661426,Recommended,312520,30953665,Posted: 4 April,all,Ace5271gaming ™,i can't seem to get this damn game to work
,Recommended,312520,30817883,Posted: 29 March,all,|GHST| SavaGhost,"Rain World is a physics based ecosystem. Every creature moves through physics and they all interact with the enviroment and each other differently. This game feels alive and i have never seen anything like it before. It is insanely hard, but if you play smart you can definitely progress. If you have the patience to play it, this might genuinely become your all time favorite video game because it uses the medium like it was meant to be used ; it lets you create your own stories."
,Recommended,312520,30815781,Posted: 29 March,all,SpookyGoat,"This game is amazing, I don't want to spoil much but it is very atmospheric but hard at the same time. The tutorial is lacking a bit and I would love if the right stick controlled leaning and aiming spears and other items, that would be amazing.Hints if using XBOX controller:Crouch and press X to drop an itemDouble tap X to switch objects between hands, you throw with your right hand.Hold X to swallow an item and X to cough it up again."
,Recommended,312520,30853040,Posted: 31 March,all,Feared Alien Voodoo,The universe has spoken with the word on the streetand it turns outSlugcat is my spirit animal.Savage life sim for the initiated and immortal.
,Recommended,312520,30945632,Posted: 4 April,all,Norric,"This game is simply amazing... Difficult, but amazing...The artstyle is wonderful, the physics-based animations are also great (always a fan of games that use this form of ""animation""), and it all flows together amazingly. I give it a 4 out of 5.I've heard that Co-op multiplayer will be a thing, which should be fun! Since multiplayer is planned, that means other things could also be added...Here are a few things that I would like to see:(Bestiary Mode or some sort of Sandbox)I think it would be a great idea to implement a mode like this. A mode that will allow the player to further interact or learn about the various fauna and figure out various ways they can outwit or thrive amongst them. In this mode, the player can view facts about the creatures they have encountered, and may even be able to spawn themselves in a room with one to interact with them and figure out what is the best way to approach or deal with them.A sandbox mode would just allow the player to spawn items, creatures, and whatever at will, in either generated habitats or in select ""arenas"".Pretty much all I'm asking is to be able to interact with AI the Dev's had worked so hard to create. They seem pretty proud of it, so shouldn't they be more willing to show it off even further?(also, there would be no Rain Counter in these modes)(Co-Op Ideas)I'm pretty sure that this is something in the works already but in co-op, the other player should be able to save their team-mate if they are in danger of being eatten. For example, one slugcat is trapped in the jaws of a lizard, but with a hit with a spear or rock from the other slugcat, the creature would be stunned and the endangered slugcat would be free.(Cheat Mode)Basically just allows the player to disable the RainCounter at will, or fill their food meter without working for it. Allows the player to do as they please and lets them enjoy the environments..."
76561198362826584,Not Recommended,312520,30813598,Posted: 29 March,all,xKamikaze3x,"The game looks absolutely amazing, the animations, the enviroment, everything. But basiclly that's where the fun stops. It's repetitive becouse of the grind you have to do and radom enemies you will encounter that most of the time, losing progress isn't your fault... Not only that it doesn't have a vaild save system, it makes you explore for food, etc. just to be killed by a droping enemy from a pipe... Not to mention the rain that kills you, and only way to avoid it is to go to a ""safehaven"" which could be located on the other side of the map. But if you love losing progress and get brutaly murdered by mechanic that game forces you to do, than this is a game for you! Hope I helped!"
76561198081141971,Not Recommended,312520,34520646,Posted: 26 August,all,Reckless Idiots,"It is a frustration to play this game.Often you need to travel several rooms to find food. Yet got stuck by monsters  and you cannot do anything by wait for the monster to go away. Or trying to jump on to something with a control system does doesn't work well.I decide to give it another try three months later, but nothing has improved. It is like paying to get defeated in this game. Now enjoyable at all.I wouldn't recommend this game unless the control, the food and the combat system is significantly changed."
76561198024554389,Not Recommended,312520,30822402,Posted: 29 March,all,СУКАCHU,"It's just really boring. I pre-ordered too because on paper it sounds really cool. Platforming is boring, graphics are boring, collecting food is boring, exploring is boring. Enemies are cool and I like how the AI traverses the world just like you but that is the only thing I can really say that is positive. Its a game you will probably need to sink a lot of time into to finish and there are just so many other games I would rather play. If you are really into artsy games with a meta story then maybe this game is worth it but I think most people will get bored of it very quickly"
,Recommended,312520,30841810,Posted: 30 March,all,AegirThor2005,best game for survival and hunting ich :)some problems for me just couse of the screen gonna get a new screen. so no problems at all
76561198070713884,Recommended,312520,30804053,Posted: 28 March,all,Oystershell,"After a few peliminary hours and midway through the third region I have a few thoughts.This game isn't for everyone.First of all, you should really have a keyboard. Second, Even on keyboard there are a few control issues. You constantly shove yer liitle slug body down boltholes which are innacessible, and the karma system is PUNISHING.HOWEVERThis game's world is so beautifully realised that I can't help but spend time in it, even if that time is spent mostly dying in horrible ways. Your little twitchy-witchy slugcat is sooooo cuute that every time you die it breaks your heart, and you love the game and its protagonist more for it. The enemies are wickedly delightful in their own way, and genuinely feel as though they play into a larger ecosystem. The music is WONDERFUL, and everything about it appeals to me in a haunting, surreal way. I. LOVE. THIS. GAME.My twitchy-witchy slugcat, I think you are so niceI give you bowls of fruities and I give you bowls of iced...BATSI give you lots of cuddlesI give you lots of hugsBut I never feed you leechesOr dunk you in the garbage...VATS"
,Recommended,312520,30805535,Posted: 28 March,all,math crab,"One of the most interesting games I've ever played. Rain World plays differently to just about everything I can think of, and while I don't think it's a game for everyone, I do think it's a game that will receive more and more attention with the passage of time.Play is divided into cycles, in which you wake up from hibernation, hunt or forage for food while avoiding predators, gradually uncover more of the map, and then go back to shelter and sleep again. The mechanic that makes the game so interesting to me is one that seems to be frustrating a lot of players- the karma system. Karma is a persistent resource that increases by one when you live through a cycle, and decreases by one when you die. In order to enter- or exit- different areas of the map, you have to have enough karma.This can be seriously frustrating. If you find yourself in a difficult area, you can end up dying over and over- losing all of your karma- without actually making progress. Imagine a roguelike that gets harder every time you die! That's what Rain World can feel like sometimes.But it starts to make a lot more sense the more you play. From moment to moment, your purpose as a player is not to explore the world and make progress, even though the game feels a lot like a metroidvania. Instead, it's about finding ways to survive- consistently. It's about finding enough food to make it through the day, and often, rather than running to a new shelter, you'll end up heading straight back to the place where you started the cycle.And eventually, you get better at it. You start to understand the way the map fits together without having to look at it, you get a feel for what areas are dangerous, you can feel where the food is going to be this time- you start to actually understand the world from the point of view of an animal that lives in it, rather than a Samus Aran or an Alucard who just wants to move through it.A few hours in, I found myself completely stuck in the Chimney Canopy area. I would wake up, throw myself into the world, and die, over and over. My karma was already at rock bottom- I didn't feel like I had anything to lose. But then I found a little golden flower- if you eat it, it protects your karma from decaying after a death. But only once. All of the sudden, that life mattered. I couldn't die, or I'd lose it. I knew I had to find food, I had to play safe, I had to get back to the shelter. And I did. And I did it again, and again, and again, until my karma was maxed out. That kind of experience- that kind of sudden rush of hope and overwhelming will to survive- I've never felt that in a game before.There are also some obvious things to love about Rain World. The presentation is spectacular, the combination of intelligent AI and procedural animation makes the game look like a nature documentary, and the level design is quietly brilliant. But I think every review makes note of these, and you can see most of that for yourself just by watching the game.If you're on the fence about buying Rain World, keep in mind that it's not a game for everyone. It is brutal and occasionally downright unfair, the karma system can be very frustrating, and checkpoints are few and far between. Pretty much every criticism reviewers have thrown at this game is well-founded, and if those throw you off, you may want to save your money. But if you give this game a chance, I think you'll find that it's not like anything you've ever played, and a lot of the frustrations people have with Rain World are rooted in the fact that the gaming community has never really seen anything like it."
76561198117795852,Not Recommended,312520,30871415,Posted: 1 April,all,Sebek,"Doesn't work properly on my home PC with geforce gtx 1070. Takes about 20 seconds to navigate from one menu screen to another, and on starting New Game just freezes the game permanently.Tried playing it on my office PC, with a low end AMD card. It worked wonderfully. Played a bit, it was brutally difficult, but otherwise seemed fun. Afterwards I requested a refund. No point in the game if I can only play it at work :PMaybe I'll try it again when they patch it."
76561198064294006,Not Recommended,312520,33202453,Posted: 3 July,all,seanchain,"Amazing game with fantastic graphics and really fun concept.  I don't mind dying all the time (I expect that with platformers) and the lack of clear guidance isn't really a turn-off either.  But I feel like I'm constantly fighting with the controls to make the slugcat do anything, and it's made what would otherwise be a beautiful game into a horrifically frustrating experience."
76561198050604971,Recommended,312520,30802816,Posted: 28 March,all,Dath_Blood_2,There seems to be an issue with the camera causing the character not to appear on screen except for a very glotchy shadow. which may I add makes it very hard to see the hitbox. Even with that I would stell recommend this game once that's fixed.PS if that isn't happening to you be careful with the screen setting.
,Recommended,312520,30808003,Posted: 28 March,all,Ranger Savage,"Supplimentary thumbs up for the natural look and feel. Difficult, clean and crisp. Definitely something I wouldn't sit down to more than an hour a day since it can be frustrating to die and retrace because the ecosystem is shotguned and you can't expect where predators will be."
76561197993164861,Recommended,312520,30888248,Posted: 1 April,all,kindofdoon,"Rain World is well worth your time. It's my favorite game of the year so far. It breaks new ground technically with its procedural, physics-based animation and unique game structure that pushes players to explore the vast and carefully-crafted world. Rain World excels as a sort of ""food-chain simulator"" and uses the slugcat's role and both predator and prey to great effect. Highly recommended."
76561197982039608,Not Recommended,312520,30797853,Posted: 28 March,all,rehh,"I've been following this game on the dev log and was waiting for it eagerly. Unfortunately it's clunkiness doens't make me want to play anymore, in spite of wonderful world, graphics and AI.It's a masterfully created, living world but the gameplay is so bad that I can't get over it to enjoy the world. Sluggish movement, unresponsive buttons, silly mechanics like not being able to choose whether to throw the stone or stick, and the freaking timer that let's you explore for 30 seconds and then you have to run back to the uninviting hole in the ground to hibernate.What does the stupidly short timer add to the gameplay? Literally nothing. It doesn't make you want to go back ""home"" like in Dark Souls, where you go back to the shrine to catch a breather from the action. You just have to go back through already explored levels to a uninviting hole in the ground to sleep for a few seconds. It prevents you from enjoying the exploration, watching the weird lifeforms interact with each other. Every level has to be hurry, hurry, hurry. ♥♥♥♥ that.Overally, the devs created a beautiful, living world but dropped the ball completely in terms of gameplay and controls which actively prevents you from enjoying the world."
76561198059405216,Recommended,312520,30804923,Posted: 28 March,all,OliMTSun,"""Upon death, the Slugcat returns to the last hibernation save point and loses any map progress made since. The player also loses a karma point, which are indicated at the bottom of the screen. The player needs to meet a karmic threshold to reach specific areas of the game. Karma is restored upon reaching a new hibernation area, and the player can shield their current karma level by eating a yellow flower before dying. The flower appears at the start of each area and is re-planted wherever the Slugcat dies."" - WikipediaJust going to put that here to prevent unnecessary frustration ;)Otherwise, I haven't played much of the game but so far i'm really enjoying it. It makes your blood pomp and I really like the atmosphere. It's also honnestly not that hard once you get use to it, and the only way I died was cause of the rain, wich wasn't really punishing thanks to the flower. Anyways, have fun :)"
,Recommended,312520,30809501,Posted: 29 March,all,Deity Link,"Just a few hours into the game, and I'm hooked.Don't get mislead by the slugcat's cute design, this game is hardcore, harder than darksouls since on top of erasing your progress, death reduces your karma, which you need to raise to keep progressing in the game. The ambiance is top notch and makes me feel like I really am a small insignifiant creature in a world of a ridiculou scale. I'm getting a BLAME! vibe from the world so far. The controls take a small time getting used to, you should definitely play on keyboard as the game doesn't support analog controls.My only complaint about the game is its small screen resolutions, which is hard to digest in a 2017 game.All in all, a nice metroidvania/survival/stealth game with a touch of Dark Souls. Not for those who dislike old school game design as the game really is Nintendo hard in the original sense of the term."
,Recommended,312520,30986339,Posted: 6 April,all,❆Winter❆,"I bought this game a day or so ago, and I love it to death.The game has a very natural and terrifying flow to it, and it was created very, very well. Now that a fix patch has come out, the controls and movements of the adorable little slugcat are much cleaner.I recommend it for people who enjoy strategy survival games, but this is slightly different. Those who play have to be very patient, as the player will die just as much as someone would in Dark Souls. If you are not the patient and forgiving type, this game may not be for you. Also, those who are faint of heart, you'll witness cruel deaths of both the cute little slugcat as well as other snarling, snapping beasts. You must be strong, Kittens!!However, death is not entirely bad in this game. You'll figure it out quickly once you play.  :)Problems I've had-1. (the worst) Game crashes (though I'm giving the devs slack since this game just came out). It usually happens when I exit a hibernation chamber, but it also happens sometimes while exploring/hunting. Possible that it's just my old computer.2. Overpopulation- Ive entered rooms near the very beginning of the game with six lizards in it at once, and it was impossible to pass by. I barely scrounged up enough food to hibernate once more, but many lizards still remained. I still haven't passed that room.3. Scavengers- (I could be doing this wrong, but...) I cannot befriend them. I even found my own pearl once, and I brought it to a wide-eyed (supposedly friendlier) scavenger. What I got in return was a pelting of rocks and spears from the whole clan. I've tried more times, dropping my weapons and projectiles and crouching, but they still hate me.4. Missing Audio- I have entered the game multiple times with no music or sound, and restarting didn't fix it.5. SURVIVING! :)Once multiplayer comes out, I hope there's a co-op option. Making multiplayer versus only would disappoint me, since I would love to survive the unforgiving world with a little slugcat friend.Rain World is a beautiful game that will tug your nerves and pull your heart strings."
,Recommended,312520,31695392,Posted: 11 May,all,MisterDude1337,"A fair warning before starting this review, this game is hard; I'd say it's hard enough for me to only recommend it for people who don't mind dying a lot and getting frustrated. It's a game that takes a while to get the hang of.I would highly advise you to quickly read some guides to at least have a notion of what things are and what you're supposed to be doing in it to avoid most of the frustration, however I am certain going in blind would make it a more interesting experience.But good news, there were announcements for an ""easy mode"" among other thingslike LOCAL CO-OP!!!in a future update, so I'd suggest you pay attention for when this update is released.Now for the actual reviewRain World is a game about learning by exploration. You start without much clue of where to go and what to do, and you figure things out by experiencing what it has to offer. There are many things the game doesn't even mention to you at all. The only way to get through in the game is by going around, seeing places and doing things. You may find stuff that could help you, paths that lead you forward, or even hidden abilities you didn't know you have.On your way, you'll findMANYthings that can kill your poor fragile slugcat instantly. You'll die very frequently, but with enough determination you can go through or circunvent the obstacles in your way. At first the game might be intimidating, but after getting the hang of it's gameplay mechanics you'll be able to go through the dangers more easily. But remember to always be careful, as your slugcat still remains fragile as always.If you dare take the challenge, I'd advise you to have patience, plan your moves and learn from experience. Don't let the constant deaths stop you, as they are just part of learning how the game works. If you feel lost, try going through a path you didn't go before. if there's too many enemies, find a way to dodge or defeat them. If you die constantly, find another approach to go through the obstacles and threats. The game's world is big and full of surprises, there's plenty for you to learn.To sum it up: simply due to it's harsh difficulty, you can either love or hateor both love and hateRain World. If you truly persevere and never give up, you're going to have a great experience."
76561198253751311,Recommended,312520,31715452,Posted: 12 May,all,FluffyHeadTheUnicorn,"OMG! BY FAR THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED! Has a great story, and is very open world :)"
76561198004018943,Recommended,312520,31719587,Posted: 13 May,all,hoof,"A very beautiful and very deadly world, where your adorable slugcat is very near the bottom of the food chain."
,Recommended,312520,34250615,Posted: 15 August,all,Foxe,"Well, where to start...I love this game's style, I like what the developer is trying to do.Sadly, I'm struggling with following the story. I've gotten lost a few times already, and unable to figure out where I need to go without following a guide. I'd say that's an issue on the developer's side. At multiple points the guide creature has completely disappeared for unknown reasons; During which times I start exploring randomly, attempting to find where it went to so I can figure out where to go next to no avail. And when I eventually find it again, I'm unable to get it to tell me where I need to go.Otherwise, major points go to how you control in the game, and the feeling of impending doom wherever you go. The creatures are so wonderfully coded and sometimes make me laugh because they sometimes flop around when they can't get to you xDSome points however are deducted for some of the somewhat randomness of some creatures just appearing, but I do understand it was intended to be like that. Also points deducted for this game being so damn easy to get absolutely freaking lost as mentioned above.I'm also not a fan of how quickly the rains come, but that's just personal preference. (I like exploring without worrying about unstoppable impending doom set to a timer to take me out. As for that, I simply use cheatengine to disable it. Yes, I'm horrible, oh well.) I'd prefer to have a longer timer, if not having an option to disable it.Game still recommended, but I hope some of these issues are resolved in future updates. :D"
,Recommended,312520,30954023,Posted: 4 April,all,DLG:DragonHeart,"Probably the best steam game that i have got so far it would be cool if adult swim games would make a game like this but you get to be the croc or dragon. I definitely recommend and it worth the buying there are more than one different ending and it is a game of a high level of skill. There are no lags or bugs but predators do get stuck in some places, also how the way the creatures move as if they were alive. I recommend."
76561198285075314,Recommended,312520,30987083,Posted: 6 April,all,Trash Typhoon,"Even though this game may have it's flaws, I think that it is an amazing game. Even if you are influenced by some of the reviews you still have to try it and give it at least one try. The graphics are amazing and the animals looks so unique and alien that it makes you feel as if you are in an alien world you have to survive alone in. I reccomend playing this game while knowing little or maybe nothing about it at all since discovering how the enviroment and the creatures within act is a big part of the gameplay."
76561198096878407,Recommended,312520,31118375,Posted: 13 April,all,VioletDragon,"I was excited to play this game finally after I watched the previews on tv, but was immediately disappointed when it took over 12 minutes to load onto the intro video. And I could only get to the intro video AFTER restarting the game over 3 times. And even after I watched the intro video, the game froze on the grey cloudy haze, and stopped working, no matter what button I pushed or clicked. I recommend fixing the game right away, so the people who use the pc, are actually able to play. But once it IS fixed. I can't wait to play it! But until then, I'll be stuck playing all the other games in my library, anxiously waiting for the new update that fixes everything."
76561198016589184,Recommended,312520,31144346,Posted: 14 April,all,bailodudley,Beutiful game 10/10
,Recommended,312520,31636180,Posted: 8 May,all,Tilmah,"Super hard, but fun. Slugcats. Good tunes when you are doing well."
,Recommended,312520,33003316,Posted: 29 June,all,The Milkman,"After playing two hours I can tell you this is a just like my first Dark Souls experience. The learning curve is damn steep but as soon a you get somewhat of a hand of it it gets super fun.Just like in Dark Souls the game doesn't tell you what to do. It gives a scene of the story and throws you right in, explains the controls and kinda gives you a type of ""tutorial"". It fits any person that likes exploring and figuring out stuff on their own, but it might take some time.So far my experience is good, I would perhaps need to play a few more hours, but so far I really like the game and is interested in how it will turn out."
,Recommended,312520,33151015,Posted: 2 July,all,Nazi Bear,"I haven't played much of this game, but if you want a souls like unforgiving 2D mind ♥♥♥♥, this is for you the world is the most fascinating i've seen a long time and there is a somewhat mysterious story im yet to uncover, I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a challenge."
76561198093893677,Recommended,312520,31473935,Posted: 30 April,all,Soul Eating Bird,"Rain world is a fun, challenging game."
76561198013283527,Recommended,312520,31734512,Posted: 13 May,all,SEXY CRABS,"I've completed most of this game's ""story"" for starters. I'm just about done with it, having only the very ending to get by. Thus, I feel in this moment, it's time for me to review this game, and what I personally enjoy and dislike about it.For starters, let's talk about the positives. Rain World is a colourful, yet gritty survival game that attempts to create a system in which you are being hunted in a hostile world. This game succeeds in this aspect. Every time you enter a new area, you are presented with a puzzle of sorts to work out, dealing with the various creatures around the room, and the constant ticker of the predicted rain timer compels you to hurry yourself up getting to the next safe area before you are unmercifully drowned to death in the violent rains. This means that you have to puzzle out how to get around your enemies without dying, yet you must not tarry for too long. In addition, the enemies and you follow a system of movement that can look extremely janky at times, yet provides an experience not felt in really any other game I personally have played before. When looking to survive in an area, this game can be a ton of fun, and death doesn't feel as much of a chore, as a lesson.However, the ""story"" is the one thing that ties alot of negatives together for me. For starters, while in an area with many branching paths to go, an enemy in your way is a great challenge; it forces you to think about how to approach the danger in front of you, sometimes requiring you to think outside the box to deal with it. However, when going down the story lane, the areas you traverse through no longer feel like an environment that can harbor any sort of real life, and more like a ""♥♥♥♥ you, try getting through this"" to the player. Most of the time, there is only one single path to go. Enemies that are in your way in these areas you usually have to pray don't get you, with most strategy in the branching path areas beforehand being thrown out the window. Several times throughout these areas, I started just mindlessly throwing myself at the exits without much a care for what randomly spawned in front of my path, mainly because there was no real conceivable way around these foes. After all, why care if the exits don't require me to have a level of karma, and the game feels like it gave up too with these stupidly ridiculous enemy spawns.In addition to the negatives, some techniques aren't even described to you in the game's tutorial, having to seek outside help for. Most of the time, these techniques were unwelcomed, and I would find my slugcat cartwheeling off one of the countless instant-death cliffs later in the game.Regardless, I finished with the horrid story areas and got back to the more open areas, and found myself having a blast. The thing is, however, that unlike other games that demand challenge of me, Rain World gave me no satisfaction for beating these difficult areas. This was because there was no skill required in beating these areas, just crossing my fingers and hoping the enemy wouldn't be there this time, or that their pathfinding would glitch out.In conclusion, regardless of the negatives I put forth for the game, it still has elements that are immensely entertaining to play about in. When you are simply surviving for the sake of surviving, this game shines with brutal difficulty. Those first 10 or so hours without a guide, freely discovering new areas completely out of order made the journey in this game amazing. However, once you head into the areas the game expects you to go to to see a specific npcFive-Pebbles, to be exactthe game takes a massive nosedive into annoyance and in my honest opinion, stupidity.I will keep this game recommended due to the truely unique experience of interacting with the world around you, yet just keep in mind if you want to complete the story, that you're in for an agonizing face-grind."
76561198025787036,Recommended,312520,30963410,Posted: 5 April,all,BirdoPrey,"This game makes you feel small, in a good way. The world is huge, sprawling, painstakingly detailed. There are literally hundreds of areas in this game that the average player will probably never see, even if they complete the main story. This epic world has a living ecosystem full of wonderful and terrible creatures that hunt, flee, fight over territory, and scratch out their own survival whether or not you're even around to see it. You can navigate these dangers with stealth, dexterity, cunning, aggression, or even by making friends.The game can be very difficult at times, though dying is not quite as bad as other reviewers make it out to be. Most of the game can be played at the lowest level (you lose a 'level' when dying), and if you see a gate you're not qualified for it just means you need to spend a few cycles hunting and surviving in your current area, learning the lay of the land, and exploring the nooks and crannies of these huge regions. If you keep dying in one area over and over slow down, consider your options, look for alternate routes, there usually is one.Controls are also quite good, provided you get used to them. Slugcat does not move like a typical platformer hero, you are a slinky, squishy creature that tends to flow over terrain and through small pipes. There are many 'hidden' moves in this game that depend on certain key combos and the slugcat's current state that can be used for traversal, escaping, and combat. I suggest you check out guides/forums for those, hopefully the devs can add a more advanced tutorial that shows those off.Speaking of devs adding stuff, they seem determined to continue improving and adding to the game for at least the medium-term future. Based on what I have read they have taken the criticism of some of the more 'unfair' parts of difficulty to heart and are planning to add some quality-of-life changes soon that will make things more pleasant for the more casual player, as well as more content. If you are intrigued by this game but turned off by the difficulty I suggest you follow announcements and consider picking it up after a patch or 2, it would be a shame to miss such an awesome experience."
,Recommended,312520,30952837,Posted: 4 April,all,SirEnd3r,This is a fun and beautiful game
76561198108751338,Recommended,312520,30954281,Posted: 4 April,all,Craftypro,"I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone looking for a difficult platform that will hold your curiousity. Rain World is a fun, if difficult, mixture of survival, platformer and puzzle elements all mashed into one with a hidden plot. The game largely leaves you to yourself and will require lot's of trying and experimenting within the game to progress past the challenges. This game is a must for someone looking for a difficult puzzle game with a hidden story just begging to be revealed."
,Recommended,312520,33698033,Posted: 21 July,all,Zeldy,"This is a pretty cool game, I think. People make it out to be a cruel, darksoulsesque game(thanks IGN), but once you get playing, the game flows like any platformer with a life system, although I'll readily admit that the stressful atmosphere of it can drive some players away. It's not quite a horror game, but the mood makes this game what it is, that being anxiety-inducing and INCREDIBLY rewarding."
76561198067330202,Not Recommended,312520,30788324,Posted: 28 March,all,InsaneSeishiro,"I have been looking forward to this game, which makes it a little sad that I have to give it a negative review.Before I say anything else: The game is probably a good game, it is just a not for me game.On the pro-side, it has a really beautiful aesthetic, one of the most detailed pixelartstyles I have seen in a long time, a lot of works has obviously gone into creating each area. The world itself is also fascinating, I have only very little playtime in the game, but I was already intrigued by the weird world and the creatures that inhabit it.Sadly, there are also the negatives. First of all, the soundtrack. Many areas, at least in the starting zone are dead silent, which might be a deliberate choice, since it wants to present a dead world, but I have played through several games with very dead, empty worlds already, and even in those, some form of backgroundnoise was able to add to the atmosphere.Then, the controls felt a little sluggish to me(NOT a pun), like everything was a little delayed, not much, just enough for me to notice.The thing that made me notice that this will not be a game for me though, is the 1-hit deathsystem. I do think that this was a deliberate choice by the game developer, to make every second of the game really tense, but I am not a big fan of games with few checkpoints and 1-hit deaths. Don't get me wrong, I like hard games, but thats a little to much for me. I don't mind this system in jump'n'runs because they are generally more responsive and give you more checkpoints, but that is not the case here.Some people might enjoy those things, but sadly, I am not one of them, which is a shame, since the world and aesthethic of the game are great, but the rest of the game is just not for me."
,Not Recommended,312520,30819912,Posted: 29 March,all,Quade Burgundy,"thought it was going to be more. it's not fun, slow, and boring."
76561198002564362,Recommended,312520,30810213,Posted: 29 March,all,lnd,"First of all I would like to say that it makes me sad to see all the negative reviews with 0.x h played..Don't give up so easily, for your own sake, you are missing out on such a beatiful game.The game was in developement for how long? 6 years? Have some faith in the people who made it and thought about every detail...At the beginning I also was afraid that the controls were bad because I read a lot about it.After an hour or something I got used to them though and even like them now, they add weight to the character thereby enhancing the immersion.And I mean come on, after all it is a SLUG-cat.. it wouldn't be as much fun if you could effortlessly move through this hostile environment..I love the hostile world, it reminds me of games like Another World or Heart of Darkness but with a nice survival and random element to it. The non hand-holding approach also fits perfectly, the slug cat is a nomadic creature and the world diverse and unknown.The setting, animations and grafics are, at least for me, a thing of beaty and the gameplay fits perfectly.(That said, if there will be some kind of easy mode, I hope it will be optional.)Ok, just wanted to leave that here, I normally don't write ""reviews"" and felt like I had to balance out the negative ones a bit by doing my part.. ;D"
,Not Recommended,312520,30885122,Posted: 1 April,all,se05239,"I am an explorer at heart and have been given a huge wonderful world to live in. There are fauna to interact with, dangerous predators who scavenge for meals and everything kinda merge together into the thing we get to experience in Rain World.The controls can feel sluggish at first but they are very precise and its fun to learn how to effectively control your slugcat in various situations. Swimming in a zig-zag manner makes you go faster than swimming in a straight line, for example.However, the primary reason I am not recommending this game (as of now) is the event that give Rain World its name. After a predetermined set of time, the world is drowned in a cataclysmic rainstorm. Rain so intense it literally fills up areas in less than a minute.This clock that constantly ticks makes me feel stressed. I cannot enjoy the exploration I so love. Its always a mad dash to forage food and get back to sleep before the rain hits. I simply do not like this.I know from various threads and posts, that the developers are planning on adding some sort of easy-mode and I hope it'll solve the issue I am having but until then, I cannot recommend this game. Also looking forward to the coop mode that's a planned feature too."
,Not Recommended,312520,30838305,Posted: 30 March,all,Hahahrawrrahaha,Made for people who mistake grinding for difficulty. Doing the same thing over and over again isn't difficult. It's literally the definition of insanity.
76561197984958577,Not Recommended,312520,30961164,Posted: 5 April,all,Nova225,"I have a hard time enjoying this.  And I usually love metroidvania / platformer esque games to death.The game is very minimilastic.  It teaches the dead basics of grabbing and throwing objects, jumping and leaping, and the very basics of how to survive.  Then like any good difficult game, it throws you into the world, letting you fend for yourself and figuring out the rest of the game on your own.The games progression is based on your survival.  Dyding doesn't mean you just get sent back to the last checkpoint, it means losing all of your discovered map progress, and a tick off of your ""karma meter"".  Karma starts at 1 and goes up to five.  Survivng a day gives you a point and dying means losing one.  You need enough points to progress to new areas, but if you keep dying over and over, you're stuck in the same area running the same loops trying to get enough food and survive on your way back.So what's the problem?  The game is cheap about it.  Most deaths I feel cheated out of them.  It's possible for enemies to be camping the one way out of a room you need to be in.  It's possible for you to enter a room and immediatly die as you exit the pipe because an enemy was sitting there.  To list a few enemies:Neon Lizards: Except for the first one you meet, you won't know what they're capable of until you die to one.  Like the white lizard that can walk on the background, camoflauge itself, and grapple you from 1/3rd across the room.Scavengers: Sometimes they stare at you, sometimes they snipe you with a spear.Vultures: Unless you're underground or there's another enemy nearby for it to pick on, it'll swoop down off screen and your only warning might be a faint shadow on the background.Also, you're on a ten minute timer each game day.  You have to find a shelter before then.  Shelters are sparsely spread across the map, and of course, you have to have found enough food in your travels to use one.My biggest issue is the lack of direction.  I know some people love having the freedom to go wherever and do what they please, but the game has a vague objective of ""find your missing family"".  There's no items or upgrades, no real sense of progression, besides moving from one area to the next."
76561198009692094,Not Recommended,312520,30952886,Posted: 4 April,all,Sloth,"Unfortunately, the character you play just isn't up to the environment your set in. The idea of a survival platformer is nice, but enemies are grossly op to the point where if you see one, half the time it's a matter of luck if you're able to run away. This would be fine, if the enemies themselves weren't overpopulated to the point where you're likely to run into several at every area. Granted, even this would be fine if you could outrun the enemies. However, the slowest enemies run just as fast as you and have better maneuverability. Every enemy is superior to you in every way, and some of the enemies have grotesque movement advantages and ranged grappling attack which draw you in.I can't recomend this game. In a game where survival is RNG dependant, and progress is even more so, you'll only find frustration."
,Recommended,312520,30898754,Posted: 2 April,all,Jachymor,"A puzzle (?) survival (!) platformer akin to Heart of Darkness and Oddworld. The pixelart is gorgeous and impressive, but visibility suffers at times though. The cute Slugcat must run from everything colourful on its epic quest to find friends and family.Good for: Patient platformers and lovers of pixelartBad for: Precision platformers and catlovers"
,Recommended,312520,30808187,Posted: 28 March,all,punkonjunk,"A lot of folks are somehow entirely missing the point - this game is a war of attrition in a chaotic, living world. You are going to die - be thankful you don't start over from the beginning. If there is any advice I can give you, embrace naivete, and experiment with your controller. You can do a fast roll, quickly turn around, and a backflip with a couple different inputs. This game wants you to learn it, to explore it at a comfortable pace - if you smash into it as fast as you can, you're going to have a bad time. If you get it in your head you have to kill your enemies all the time, you're gonna have a bad time.Relax, and brace yourself. This game is incredibly difficult. It won't even hand anything to you. You will have to focus on surviving as much as you focus on advancing - sometimes that means hunting in a safe place for a few days (half an hour in the real world) so you can get your footing back - relax, play it safe, experiment.Also, if you don't like highly difficult platformers, this might not be for you."
76561197999091348,Recommended,312520,30807899,Posted: 28 March,all,Sticks,"This is usually a game I'd pass up as I do with most indie sidescrollers as theres so damn many of them but boy am I glad I gave this one a chance. A lot of my liking for this game has to do with the fact that it scratches an itch of mine that I find I can't get in many other games in that you play as an animal in the food chain and have to prey on animals beneath you and flee from animals above you. If that kind of gameplay appeals to you then this is the game for you.Another thing I like is the difficulty, a lot of games these days are catered to casual gamers so that nobody will have trouble beating the game and it makes for a lot of really simplistic and downright boring gameplay to people like me that enjoy a challenge. And boy is this game challenging, a split second decision can mean the difference between life and death in this game as you try to escape animals that would have you for breakfast. If you're looking for a mellow exploration game where you explore the games world at your own pace thats not something you'll find here as each day is spent looking for food and finding shelter before the rains hit as rain is the biggest killer in this game. Thats not to say exploration isn't a huge part of this game though, as the overarching goal is to travel from region to region looking for new food sources and taking in the beautiful landscapes. Just don't expect to admire the landscapes for too long before getting chased by a hungry lizard.Early on the controls may take some getting used to as its physics based so the position of your character effects what your movements do, it took me about an hour or two before I felt comfortable with the controls and after that I haven't had any issues. But if you're the kind of person who expects super meat boy esque accuracy where when you press the button the exact same thing will happen every time you'll be out of luck, because its physics based a jump from one ledge might be angled differently than another and you have to take that into account by paying attention to your character and surroundings at all times. That might be a dealbreaker to some hardcore platormer fanatics but for me it just makes me feel more immersed in the character as it makes them feels weighty and real instead of just floaty sprites gliding over whatever surface they're on.So far in my playtime the only negative I've found is that the location of enemies can be unpredictable since they're being simulated all at the same time, sometimes you might come out of your shelter only to be surrounded by things trying to eat you almost immediately and that can feel unfair. Thankfully the punishment for death isn't too harsh, the game has a ""karma"" system where surviving a day adds to your karma and dying takes it away. Gaining access to new regions requires a certain karma level but beyond that its not used for anything that I know of, so even if one of the rare unfair scenarios I've come across does happen I'm not too bothered by it as I can just play it safe the next day to be right back where I was in terms of karma.Overall though I give this game a glowing recommendation and thats high praise from me considering I almost have a disdain for indie sidescrollers at this point because of the over abundance of them."
76561198010459863,Recommended,312520,30897998,Posted: 2 April,all,StormierNik,"This is an amazing game with an incredible amount of variation between AI in the world. Most negative reviews tend to berate it for the challenging nature of this game alone but I feel that it is necessary.It IS very difficult and not for those who want and easy or even just ""moderately challenging"". This game is an actual survival and should be treated as such. Death is truely as bad as it should feel. You must be determined to achieve success if you ever wish to progress through the game and with its incredible scenery.The atmosphere of it all is both beautiful and dreary at the same time with every unique creature fitting into the asthetic of the world. Nearly nothing is explained passed general controls and even though there is a subtle system that helps you with what to do or certain things you might need, you also have to figure what it is it's trying to tell you.I highly recommmend it only if you know you enjoy very difficult games that kick your♥♥♥♥♥and force you to adapt."
76561198353983987,Not Recommended,312520,30950846,Posted: 4 April,all,OriginalSleepy,I was super exited to play this but it would not evan let me get past the title screen without crashing.
76561198276765371,Recommended,312520,30905915,Posted: 2 April,all,Gelaro,被安利来玩的！狗屁手柄千万不要用手柄！要不然钻洞摇杆没对准一个方向分分钟会被卡在洞口！摇杆轻轻一偏就上栏杆下也下不来一开始用手柄的我非常恼火！看了别人视频操作丝般顺滑跳跃行云如水！立马拔掉手柄用键盘开始玩当然我用的是PS4手柄 如果你有x盒子或者steam手柄玩的非常爽 或者你有更好的操作你可以来分享教一下！游戏有多难暂时还不知道，玩的不算久勉强到了一个像下水道的地方，视频里看别人都是工业区 我还没找着以及PS4手柄的操作表是错的 游戏教程的手柄按键也是错的 和我一样用PS4手柄的不要怀疑！蛞蝓猫都这么屌了还要找妈妈 你有蛞蝓猫屌吗！还不快去找妈妈！
76561197989631320,Recommended,312520,34008223,Posted: 3 August,all,LOLYOU---!!,"Best game , best difficulties, great graphics , intelligent enemys and , nice story."
76561198077116023,Recommended,312520,30838327,Posted: 30 March,all,blockof,"game doesn't load anymore, fix it please !"
76561198158218941,Recommended,312520,31266306,Posted: 20 April,all,Trist,i lag way too much to even start the game UHG well is there a way you can get your money back?
76561198040295426,Recommended,312520,30965332,Posted: 5 April,all,diegzumillo,"This game is hard. I have been playing an hour a day since release day and some times I go on for days, literal real world days, looking at the same small chunk of map. So 'tedious' is probably more appropriate than 'hard'.I feel this game will eventually be a lot more fun when its been around for a while, because it's one of those games that are as captivating as they are difficult and they end up cultivating a community around it. Right now, if you go online you'll mostly find people complaining about hard it is but eventually you will find wikis and debates on forums.But I'm still recommending it now. I wrote a whole deal more here, if you're interested:Rain World wants us to unite and explore! (I think)"
,Recommended,312520,30957405,Posted: 5 April,all,Vespertellino,"Aside from couple o' bugs here and there I can call this game a masterpiece. It's deep, rewarding and aesthetically pleasing in every way."
,Recommended,312520,30966534,Posted: 5 April,all,Yo,"This game is an excellent game, it quickly became one of my favorite games and my favorite Metroidvania of all time. There are many negative reviews about the game that cite extreme difficulty, clumsy controls, and RNG as severe hampers on the potential of the game. I disagree.The game's world truly is an ecosystem, there are many various flora and fauna throughout the world that do not exist solely as enemies to the player or obstacles to be overcome, they have their own motives and purposes and will interact with you and each other in very interesting ways that causes many interesting scenarios. Since the placement of creatures in the world changes each time, the key to Rain World is not developing muscle memory and knowing how each section plays out, but to learn how the creatures work, what they can and can't do, what their motives are. These things are often not immediately clear.Many reviewers also felt that the frequency of death and the distance of save points from each other made the game too punishing and tedious. It is true that there will be sections that you have to do over and over again, and you will get frustrated. If you are not looking for that, this is not the game for you. What I disagree with is that it becomes tedious. Rain World's environments are beautiful and a joy to experience. The RNG aspect of the game can make for many different scenarios in the same place. It is true that the RNG can create some difficult scenarios to get through, but in almost all cases it is passable if you have the skills. There were many scenarios I encountered earlier in the game where I thought death was simply inevitable, but later in the game after having learned more about the world and mastered the controls better, similar scenarios were trivial and easy to survive. Try to make each life a learning experience. This won't always happen, you will have deaths that will feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but as you play the game more these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths will occur less and less often, until they are rare.Another thing many people complain about is the ""karma"" system. Each time you sleep at a save point, you step up a level of karma, each time you die, you step down a level of karma. You need a certain amount of food to sleep at a save point and you use up food while you sleep, so you cannot simply sleep over and over again, you must get food. To move between different areas of the game, you need to pass through a gate that requires you have a certain level of karma. Some people complain that this leads to having to ""camp"" karma gates. Although I have had this happen a few times, at the gates that have high karma requirements there are always plenty of replenishable food sources nearby, you just need to look around to find them.Finally, the controls. Many reviewers note that the controls are difficult and lead to many unfair deaths. I will agree that the controls are difficult to LEARN and are not explained well in the game, but once you understand the controls and have spent some time with the physics-based movement of the game, the controls are pretty elegant and allow for some really nimble movement. Since movements is based on physics of the game, where different parts of your body are and how they're moving, etc. the platforming is not 'tight'. I would also say that is is not clumsy. I would call it fluid. There are quite a few ""hidden"" moves the slugcat can do that aren't explained in the game at all, but there are now guides on the steam community hub for the game that detail these moves. Moving to a new area where there are new objects, mediums, and ways to move around is always a little difficult at first since the ways to control and navigate the environment are unfamiliar, but once you get it down you can skip and climb through the levels quite quickly.The game is very non-linear and full of many wonderful secrets and areas to discover, there are some jaw-droppingly gorgeous lighting and particle effects. The game world is MASSIVE, and if you want to reveal all of its secrets it's going to take you a looong time. This is definitely not a casual game, but if you are looking for a diffcult Metroidvania to sink some time into, it doesn't get much better than this."
,Recommended,312520,30982943,Posted: 6 April,all,ThisThing,"First Impression Review:Pros:- Extremely beautiful pixel-graphics.- Very immersive -> Exploration/Mystery + Scary/Tension- Interesting and 'not boring' gameplay. You have to be awake!- Almost zero tutorials.Cons:- If the soundtrack play more, it would be nice.- Controls are not stupid, but HARD to get used to.- If you want to rush and get to the ending fast -> Leave, u will cry.Review:I have played 2 hours and made absolutely ZERO progress, and I love it already.The game is not 'hard' per se, but you will find yourself making stupidmistakes or try out things, which does not turn out well. That's how you die.Oh! And by not paying attention...You play as a critter that has to consume at least 4 fruits or smaller critters, before nightfall.At night a massive rainstorm arrives and washes everything to death, or at least you.Find your safe location, with at least 4 things in your belly, and your are safe and will rank up.I do not yet understand the rank-system, but it must be important.You will find yourself screaming vomit out of you nose, as you are being chased by bigger beasts.They are hungry too.This games requires a lot of times, but fear not, you can take it at your own pace. You just have to eat.The daytime is a bit short, but it is nothing too major and finding food is easy.If you like pixel-art you will enjoy running around in this wierd and mysterious world. It is really well done.I've read people complaing of the difficulty, but that is just not true. It is like those who can't understand why their school laptop can't run GTA5 on Ultra... The game is not easy at all, but as long as you are just careful and not stupid or bold, you can gain control of the situation.I have no problems with the price, as it really is a game with content. It is not just a random no-thought pixel game.So the price, I feel, is to show that you get more than your usual indie pixel game (which can be fun, don't get me wrong, but they are often 'empty').If you like an immersive and mysterious game, with a beautiful artstyle + different and kinda new gameplay, then buy this shizzlemadizzdazzle giggely geewd game.."
76561198068908343,Recommended,312520,35250331,Posted: 27 September,all,AnKun,"People already said about beautiful animations, backgrounds, lore, e.t.c. This is absolutely true so I won't repeat that.What I want to tell is that this game is unnecesarily brutal. It would be much more enjoyable for me if not for the constant punishment. I've finished the game through sheer persistence. I wanted to put it down many times, it was a close call. I've got more punishment than enjoyment out of this game. If that was the developer's intention, well, don't blame others when it sells poorly. And the side-quests, man... you should be totally insane to get 100% on this game. Or have no life.Still, the ending... let's just say it was beautiful and is the only reason I've calmed down and thumbed up this game. If you one of those few persistent slugcats who made it to the last stretch of journey, wait when you are free from distractions, put on the headphones, turn the light off, and immerse yourself in dive to the depths with some gargantuan occurences, so to speak."
76561198112058081,Recommended,312520,30970957,Posted: 5 April,all,Lord Dylan,I have devoted myself completly to slugcat. He is my god now. All Hail SlugCat!
76561198023629672,Recommended,312520,30928125,Posted: 3 April,all,Blennox,"The beginning is weakest because the tutorialization falls a bit short. And that hurts the game a lot, because the first few hours can be the hardest as you try to learn the most basic of basics.However, I hold that rain world still puts forth not only exciting emergent gameplay, an excellent narrative, quirky but responsive and intuitive controls (in my opinion), nigh unparalleled agency as a player, some of the best artificial intelligence I've ever seen, and succeeds in forcing you as a player to grow as you progress through the game, by challenging a wide variety of skills to their limit."
76561198212379685,Recommended,312520,30997887,Posted: 7 April,all,AutomataA2,WOW!!!! What an adventure. Props to the Devs for making this game difficult and fun!
,Recommended,312520,30801869,Posted: 28 March,all,๓๏гչк๏г,"Is this game perfect? Probably not, I mean, what game is. This one, for example, has wierd controls (keyboard) and the resolution is not in AMAZING 8k, but its nothing I could not get used to. It is pixel art ffs.  On another point, this game is pretty difficult, and as some described it, joyless, due to painful checkpoint system. It is all about the food chain, you either eat or get eaten. There will be no quicksaves every five seconds, so you must master the controls and mechanics of the game in order to progress. Think Dark Souls, but you only have a broken sword and nothing else. It is also quite beautiful, the environment, the colors, the sneaky AI, and the tasty bats, I love it all. And that is why I think it is worth it. Surviving is difficult there is no way about it."
,Recommended,312520,30801760,Posted: 28 March,all,F.G Kid,"Game is great so far. There is a strong element of RNG that does detract from the skill-based gameplay, and the controls are sluggish. The difficulty is pretty brutal and checkpoints are spread far apart. The game does not hold your hand and is absolutley beautiful.The feeling of surviving in an opressive world is captured beautifully. Slugcat is just another cog in the ecosystem, the difficulty combined with the vast, open world makes for exhilirating gameplay. Your heart will be pumping when a vulture partially rams it's head into your hiding hole. Or when the sky becomes grey and the ground begins to shake as you frantically attempt to recall where the nearest hibernation chamber is.One thing I want to really gloss over is the AI. Each individual creature has it's own personality. Some predators will be more persitant and viscious than others. A wounded lizard will be more cautious of you in the future.  All NPCs on a given run will be actively living their lives as Slugcat attempts to survive, hunting, scavenging and having territorial disputes.I will update this review in due time, but for now all I can say is buy it if you can stand the difficulty, and are a sucker for atmosphere and world-building."
76561198034158103,Recommended,312520,30823076,Posted: 29 March,all,Estraven,"I am so glad I prepurchased Rain World. Otherwise the negative reviews may have put me off!Slugcat is alone in a strange, hostile environment but is nimble and smart. Eat bats, avoid preditors and get back to hibernate. Slowly uncover more of the map and some of the mysteries it holds. Also learn about the subtle dynamics of the game that open up options to you.Yes, this is challenging game, but it is also a game that rewards patience and skill. Take your time, focus on food and plan where to go each new 'day'. Finding a path to the next hibernation place and uncovering more scenary and strange creatures (not all of which want to eat you!), is hugely satisfying.More importantly, for me at least, is that the challenge of the game comes from sharing the beautiful, decayed world with an eco system of strange creatures. They're not on a set path or have a combat pattern with exposing weakness; but alive and roaming the landscape.  One day you might run into a bunch of hostiles creatures due to bad luck and have to flee. The next you'll sigh in relief as you find the coast clear or punch the air as you made a daring escape that pulled off. This is a living, breathing world that only cares about your existance because you are food. This hostile eco system and trying to overcome it is what I have found so uniquely exciting about Rain World. I think a lot of other gamers will too.Enjoy!"
76561198044569480,Recommended,312520,30823274,Posted: 29 March,all,golden goodboy,"One of the most phenomenally unique games I've seen released in years. The art and animation are gorgeous, and the AI can be so brilliant. The game can be very oppressively difficult, but I feel that I've never been thrown into an ""unfair"" challenge, though maybe I've just had better RNG than some."
,Recommended,312520,30825661,Posted: 29 March,all,A Wiggly Man,"Super challenging and fun, holds my attention constantly.The cruel environment almost forces you to learn quickly from mistakes, and it works pretty damn well. The game manages to introduce important mechanics without even telling you. It shows you instead. It didn't tell me that thepinkkomodo dragons can climb up poles, I found out when I climbed up a pole to get away from one and that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ followed my white♥♥♥♥♥up there. The odds are purposely set against you in order to put the player in the position of a helpless slug, because that's what you are. I was cautious when buying this game due to negative reviews, but I'm so glad I gave this game a shot anyways. I love the controls, I just wish the crawlspaces were a bit more manueverable. If you pay close attention to this game it's pretty rewarding, butdefinitely not a game for everybody.9.5/10 - would get hunted down by vultures again <3"
76561198157632879,Recommended,312520,30823456,Posted: 29 March,all,vladimir.slepnev,"This game got 5/10 reviews from people who couldn't get into it, and 10/10 reviews from people who could. I'm in the 10/10 crowd. It's pretty much a perfect game for me.The main attraction of Rain World is that it tries to simulate a beautiful but unfair world. (In contrast to something like Dark Souls, which tries to simulate a hard but fair world.) The game loop goes something like this:1) Arrive at a shiny new region. Yay!2) Stuck at the first ♥♥♥♥ing shelter. Whenever I rush to the next one, something randomly kills me. Food's hard to find, monsters everywhere. Damn these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t controls.3) Hey, I've found an easy way to get a lot of food! And the monsters aren't that hard to outwit. There's some other tricks to make my life easier, can't believe I missed them before.4) I'm a little sad to leave this nice place, which feels like home by now, but my levels are high and I'm ready to head out. There's gotta be a region gate in that direction...5) Go to 1.As a result, the most efficient way to play Rain World is by roleplaying as the game character. How cool is that? If you play like a person who wants to rush through game content, you will die again and again. But if you play like a slugcat who just wants to eat/sleep/survive, and goes exploring only when basic needs are met, then you don't die nearly as much, and you get an incredible emotional experience to boot.I think Rain World's devs have come up with a new and interesting game design that stands on its own, and can't be summarized by comparisons to metroidvanias/roguelikes/soulslikes/etc. It's intentionally vague, mushy, random and unfair, but all of that is intentional. The game wants to be unplayable if you don't roleplay, and extremely playable if you do. I'm in the latter group and very happy."
,Recommended,312520,30909894,Posted: 2 April,all,Sparksoldier,"Alright ♥♥♥♥ers, here's the deal. This game is obviously about you versus nature, and it won't be pretty. Except it will be, the game is gorgeous....where was I again? Oh right, the game is brutal. But it's a kind of brutal that has not been seen in a long time. Instead of most platformers, where you die over and over again and finally memorize a map, you die over and over, but you learn how to adapt with each death. You put yourself in the place of a slugcat, a very tiny creature compared to the blood thirsty inhabitants of this broken ecosystem. But there is a much larger story in place, one which you can choose not to follow if you so believe, and turn it into your own experience. Want to sneak past predators and be a white ghost? Check. Do you want to scamper your way to every checkpoint, Check (my first playthrough was doing this) do you want to hunt the deadly predators...well, you can! But it's difficult.Back to what I was saying though, if you have the patience to learn, this game will reward you. Everything was so thought through by the developer I am blown away, to the point where I FEEL like a curious animal, wondering about the interactions I should take through the enviroment. There have been times where I felt defeated, one death too many. But Rain World is such a fascinating place, every creature evolving to their environment..how can I just walk away and not do the same? I just can't. Sometimes I WISH I could, but this game has too many mechanics, too much I can adapt to, I just have no excuse not to. If you are looking for a game like this, you will not be sad about your purchase..be aware though, it isn't for the feint of heart, how long can you survive?EDIT: forgot to mention, all these reviews for gripes about the map not being saved etc, the developer has already said he is going to get rid of that next patch. That's the thing, he is such an amazing dude, he is constantly listening to feedback and reviews, so if you come back to this game later and find that all your complaints have suddenly become invalid, FIX. YOUR. REVIEW."
,Recommended,312520,30895679,Posted: 2 April,all,Talon Wren,Brutal game that is all about survival. I highly recommend for someone that wants a game with charm with challenge.
76561198196143706,Recommended,312520,30904645,Posted: 2 April,all,orcleave,"The game is pretty hard, but the environment is so beautiful and intriguing that it forces me to keep playing. It's also cool seeing how all the animals react to each other. I really feels like i'm surviving in a deadly environment rather than just playing a video game."
,Recommended,312520,30946857,Posted: 4 April,all,Sqwba,"Upon playing rain for almost a month now i can finally give this game an honest review. At first this game confused me i was wayward and it wasn't long until a died either from the rain or the many predators. I did get frustrated at times i have to admit but it didn't take me long to get used to it and adapt. Once you understand how everything works this game isn't difficult as its made out to be, although this is a very difficult game and most people don't have the time and patience to enjoy these kinds of challenges.What makes this game stand out the most is the protagonist the lovable little slugcat and the absolutely beautiful environment and ecosystem, everything is so melancholic and mesmerizing i find my self just staring at the background more often than not. Every bit of the adventure i feel traversing the wastelands is memorable that i can easily find my way and memorize the areas.The enemies are so weird in a fascinating way, and there's so much hidden in this little game than your told but at times it could be a problem getting lost or not knowing what to do next but carry on is something you run into often, it is very difficult to deal with the enemies but the game is a challenge i find rewarding once you overcome it. Its also a hard game to stop playing.Would i recommend this game even though its difficult and punishing? Hell yeah i would this game is beautiful the only downside i can find about this game at the moment is that it most likely has an end."
,Recommended,312520,30893107,Posted: 1 April,all,Bormac,"Extremely fun, extremely frustrating.The world is fascinating but terribly mysterious. If you like honest to goodness exploration and very little hand folding in a platformer this is probably for you.Just, you know, don't be surprised when you get lost. Again."
,Recommended,312520,30913097,Posted: 2 April,all,Keytone,"Great game,Even though many people see reason to dislike the gameplay, I would argue that Rainworld falls victim to its own brilliance and poor introduction to the gameworld. Rainworld is to platformers what S.T.A.L.K.E.R. is to shooters. Both games do not show clear cut paths towards the ending and present the player with many elements that lean heavily towards immersion.Unfortunately this means you are put into this shoes of a soft (and slimy?) creature somewhere in the middle of the food chain. This premise does not lend itself to player empowerment, unprepared gamers may find it frustrating. However there are fun times to be had simply staying alive long enough to find the next hibernation point.If you take time to learn the controls and explore you'll find a diamond in the rough."
76561198196685093,Recommended,312520,30943571,Posted: 4 April,all,BananaBae,"One of my favorite games to be completely honest.Im excited for new content Updates and multiplayer, I wanna feed my friends to some green lizards! Haha, i hope they add a story arch for your family and that big tree. Also Moon is my waifu i love her so cute and squishy"
,Recommended,312520,30870919,Posted: 1 April,all,LordBlue,"Great concept, amazing art, 5 years worth of effort, clunky controls ruin a masterpiece.EDIT: I take it back, apparently it's just controller support that's off. It's rather strange for a platformer, but keyboard controls work much better."
76561198004362007,Not Recommended,312520,34367161,Posted: 20 August,all,Gabe Newell,"THERE ARE SOME MILD SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.As much as I like this game's world, details, and overall concept, I cannot recommend this game due to being the most crushingly punishing and difficult game I've ever played, period.  Like, ""I wanna be the guy"" level difficult, which is made worse by operating on a jiggly physics system that makes things look excellent and organic for a pixel style game, but sometimes OOPS you died because your spear bounced off one pixel that jiggled weird and meant you didn't kill the lizard you needed to get past. Not to mention that the game has a very bad habit of deciding on the fly whether or not it wants to change the placement of EVERYTHING, or not change anything for 20-30 cycles, sometimes leading to impossible to continue saves, meaning you have to start at absolute square one again.Sometimes you'll spend 2 hours trying to kill flies to befriend a lizard, only for your newfound friend to die 3 minutes later because they tried to climb a pole plant and it sucked them underground instantly, or your friend will wedge you into a tube where neither of you can move because the Physics messed up and all you can do is wait for death. Sometimes you'll walk through the same hallway avoiding traps ten times trying to figure out one swimming puzzle only to die to the same leeches every time. This is not a game that holds your hand, and that is NOT a good thing in this case. The only people I can recommend this game to are the kind of people who mod Super Meat Boy to be harder, the kind of people who play Dark Souls PVP versus godmodders and hackers exclusively while naked, the kind of people who laugh at Kaizo Mario levels for being too easy.You have to scavenge for food, which I honestly never found an issue. Even at the hardest parts, I rarely found myself going hungry long, often maxing out my hunger meter every day. The problem is that the hunger meter and rain/calm cycles are the easiest parts of the game, once it explains what the rain ACTUALLY IS and how to avoid it. The hard part is that often predators come out of the woodwork to screw you, or some puzzles are so obtuse and hard to manage that simply exploring the map goes from fun and exciting to boring and frustrating because one wrong mistake undoes EVERYTHING you've worked for, especially because save points are so infrequent that it's impossible to explore more than a certain amount of map without dying to the rains, or pray that you're able to get lucky and find a new shelter in unknown territory, made worse with the scarcity of spears with which to fight enemies or create platforms. Lastly, because the game's tutorial is less than 5 minutes long and simply teaches you how to walk around and eat things, you're never taught what ANY of the plants or animals do in the world. What does wheat do? How do I identify a pole plant? How do I befriend scavengers or lizards? The game says F**K you, figure it out.It's beautiful, lovingly detailed, and entirely impossible to recommend. The physics engine's amazing, and the natural environment and ecology of the world is fascinating and awesome, but because the game's got no interest in forgiveness for the most minor mistakes and no interest in not wasting your time by spawning lizards on top of you as you change screens, I'd wait until some serious balance patches or the upcoming easy mode is released, but from what I've read the Easy Mode simply makes the game equally as hard in a different way. Avoid unless you're a masochist.Edit: I do want to say, I have no problem with a HARD game, the problem is that Rain World is both hard and punishing, and it punishes you for trying new things and taking risks."
,Not Recommended,312520,34229166,Posted: 13 August,all,Cosbyette,"Like many of these new-age platformers, Rain World will draw you in with it's exterior charm and beauiful art style.It is a large frustrating sewer, full of exactly what you'd expect. Slippery controls, purposely non-existant instructions and torturously un-relenting challenge.To say that this game is difficult is an understatement. It requires significant self-teaching initiative from the player, and the only way to progress is to plan to throw your own progress away for hour after hour in exchange for a peek at the next area, which will certainly lead you to your doom at the hands of predators that are seemingly designed to infuriate.After 11.4 hours (and presumably past the initial learning curve) I find little reason to go on playing this game.To put it bluntly, there is no reward in playing a game that is so mind-numbingly difficult that is centered on nothing other than sheer panic.Buy it on sale or avoid it."
,Recommended,312520,30787325,Posted: 27 March,all,Festive Panda,"Short Review:Rain World is a mysterious exploration/survival game with smooth movement, a steady learning curve and complex enemy AI. It is a very unique game and I definitely recommend it to people who enjoy exploration and difficult games that make you learn. (also the soundtrack is great)Long Review:One of the most unique games I've played in a while, Rain World is a mysterious, difficult and incredibly well polished game. Without giving too much away, the bulk of the game's focus (as I've experienced it so far) is centered around exploration, finding food and hibernating in between rainfalls. You will likely die quite a lot, and the map does not change in between deaths. While this may seem problematic at first glance, this is actually one of the game's strengths. Firstly, because the map is not procedurally generated, each room is unique in a special way that can only come from a developer handcrafting it. Every time you die without discovering discovering a new hibernation spot, you still progress a little, gaining better knowledge of what lies in each direction. Additionally, exploring the same rooms manages to stay fresh thanks to:A) The multitude of directions you can travelB) The fact that the locations of food can change, andC) The way enemies functionIn Rain World, the enemies stay persistent in between rooms, traveling around from location to location, which means that you never find them in the same place twice, they are always popping in and out of different entrances and exits, keeping you on your toes at all times. The appearance of an enemy often completely changes the way a room is traversed. The enemy AI seems to be very advanced and well done, with more than enough depth to provide an engaging experience. For example, if you stumble upon an enemy that is feasting on a smaller creature, they are likely to ignore you, as they already have their meal. There are many small details like this that you will discover when encountering the creatures of Rain World (but obviously I want you to discover these for yourself!).Much of Rain World is learned largely through trial and error (although the basics are taught in a tutorial), the mechanics are simple but have great depth to and I find myself discovering new interactions and small bits of information all the time (a lot of the symbols and alerts are things that you must learn while playing).I also have to highlight the fluidity of movement in this game, which is one of its largest strengths. Crawling/slithering your way through a level is usually smooth and intuitive. Occasionally I found myself slightly confused as to which ledges I would grab onto and which ones I would fall through. But this could also be chalked up to one of the things you have to learn through playing. Additionally, I would sometimes find myself not moving in the ways I wanted too. Especially, it seems, while I was trying to avoid enemies. However the more I played, the more I got used to the quirks and methodologies behind the movement system and by the end of my first play session, I barely had these issues at all. (side note, I am playing this game on an xbox 360 controller) The movement system isn't 100% perfect and takes some getting used too, but once you have a handle on it, it's a pleasure.The art this game is fantastic, however the game is capped at 1366*768. Because the game is pixel art-esque (I don't really know how to describe, almost a hybrid between vectors and pixels? I'm not an art guy) I didn't find this to be a problem at all outside of the menus kind of looking blurry. In game it didn't looked blurred or stretched at all on a 1080p screen.The game is based around exploration and survival, but I should mention that there is a larger objective/goal at hand. It isn’t a just a sandbox game.Lastly, I have to mention the soundtrack, which is fantastic. It works on a dynamic system, with elements coming in and out to fit in with what is occurring in the game. I almost always turn music down or off in games, but it really adds to the experience here.Rain World is an awesome game, and I definitely recommend it. However if you are not someone who enjoys difficult games, or games that make you learn things on your own you might find this game frustrating, it's not an experience for everyone. I hate how people compare any hard game to Dark Souls, but the way in which one has to learn through trial and error (emphasis on error) the mechanics of the enemies and the world certainly reminded me of my time playing Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,312520,30924881,Posted: 3 April,all,Vinrafel,"Video Review:https://youtu.be/OnJnHT3HKfQI found this game to have a lot of potential, however it fails in key areas. The game is brutally difficult, which would be fine were it not for the fact that the controls are absolutely atrocious. The aesthetics are okay with the actual enemies looking quite brilliant.I found myself very easily putting down the game. For a more in-depth review, see the video above."
76561198108237036,Not Recommended,312520,30950635,Posted: 4 April,all,stendec,"Welcome to Justaposition: The Game.For every single thing that Rain World does right, a massive price is paid for it. It's an interesting creation, being the result of a developer/artist/programmer who apparently played few games before beginning work on this. Like every other feature to this game, that proves to be both a good and bad thing; good because it offers a chance for a new perspective of what a game can be into the industry, undiluted by over-saturated game mechanics, unimaginative structures and generally the toxic of the CoDs and EA games of the world, yet bad because it offers no experience for spotting the subtleties in game design, the small things that can make the difference between a masterpiece and a deeply, deeeeeply flawed experience with a short lifespan.Initially I listed all the most prominent features of this game, followed by the pros and cons of each one in a fairly rigid structure - but I exceeded the character limit. So instead I'll leave the other reviews to go into more specifics and I'd just like to try and be helpful to the developers and list what I think could be done to vastly improve the game:Give the ability to throw objects vertically & diagonally as well. Just do that. That can be patched. Just do it. For Christ's sake.Make the days the same length, or at least the same length within each specific region. Just do that. That can be patched. Just do it. For Christ's sake.Either nerf or remove the Daddy Longlegs. Just do that. That can be patched. Just do it. For Christ's sake.Make it so Slugcat can't go backwards in vents, remove some of the pointless other passages that serve only to hinder and possibly give Slugcat just a slightly higher jump. Just do that. That can be patched. Just do it. For Christ's sake.Don't make the grapple-bugs weigh you down, and also don't give them the ability to latch onto you with their tounges. Just do that. That can be patched. Just do it. For Christ's sake.Make slugcat a bit brighter in water BEFORE you get the light after finding the alien. Just... you know.Fix, fix, FIX the Karma mechanic. It, along with the controls, seems to be the number 1 most complained about aspect of the game. Instead of having to have a certain level to progress to the next zone, why not just have a set target of times to hibernate in one area before you've ""conquered"" it and can move onto the next one? And the amount of food in the region can be built around that. Just do that.Remove some of the falls. A game with controls as unreliable as this should not have as many opportunities for falling to your death as it does. Just... do... it.Rain World leaves me feeling broken and depressed. It boasts such a beautiful and endearing world design, and the simple and simply told story of a young, cute creature trying to return to its family is more than enough motivation to play and push through the apocalyptic wreckage. However that motivation is slowly savaged and worn away by the repetetiveness that comes with being stuck in one area unable to progress, with no hibernation point ahead in sight and still dying to the same creatures or awkward jumps over and over again. Rain World gets extreme difficulty extremely wrong in that respect. To make a game challenging but fair two key ingredients are needed: Tight controls, which this game just. Does. Not. Have. The wobbly physics ruin that, and it also requires the opportunity to master, to ""git gud"", to learn by trial and error, which is rendered impossible by this game's unpredictable nature. I made it to just the beginning of The Underhang, and have experienced 20-plus deaths trying to get to the next hibernation point which I haven't even determined the location of yet. Sometimes I get way ahead only to be rained on to death, other times I get snared by the completely unfairly omnipresent Daddy Longlegs on the very second screen. It makes me sad to think that I won't be able to enjoy the remainder of the game because of the broken shards left in it, and the most annoying part is this game lures you in with its beauty and actually makes you want to play it before you begin to realise you probably won't ever complete it.EDIT: I got to the Five Pebbles area. This game is awful. Utter garbage. Don't buy it. They botched that part up so terribly it ruins the entire experience. Complete waste of my time to spend hours on an already patience-stretching game to get to a part so broken and hair-pullingly frustrating and unfair that it halts you in your tracks. The people who made this game don't understand the intricacies of high difficulty at all. A load of crap."
76561198099767429,Not Recommended,312520,30953635,Posted: 4 April,all,Cakedust,"This game is far too difficult to make any progress, and made it a not fun expericence for me. Its far too punishing, with few save points and random ai, and therefore makes any challeges near impossible to overcome. This left me unmotivated to continue playing, and I feel like it was a waste of both my money and time."
,Recommended,312520,30794059,Posted: 28 March,all,EpicJ,"If you can get past the slightly odd controls (which are fairly easy to just re-bind) then this game is (in my opinion) the perfect survival game.Brilliant art, brilliant sound, stunning physics and world mechanics.Complimented with easy-to-grasp core features and you've got a masterpiece."
76561198044740245,Recommended,312520,30793440,Posted: 28 March,all,Dante,"I love the game, I love the character, the animations are facinating, I can deal with the controls, people say they are clunky buy I actually kind of like the unique way they work, the only thing I dislike is the time limit. Its a facinating world to explore, the enemies are smart, and a lot of times you have to have patience when attempting to get by them, but the time limit does not let you explore the facinating world as throughly as I want, thats basically my only negative for this game."
,Recommended,312520,30789904,Posted: 28 March,all,FryGuy,"Saira/Knytt meets Dark souls. Fun jumping and avoiding nasty enemies, and the next area is always just out of reach. Stick a lizard thing to the wall why not.  Awesome game so far, my only gripe is the controls are simple but controlling the ""slug cat"" is very difficult at first."
,Recommended,312520,30801091,Posted: 28 March,all,Toster 12D3,It's awesomebest Another World experience since 1991
,Recommended,312520,30928520,Posted: 3 April,all,tonyH,Pretty good so far
,Recommended,312520,30869438,Posted: 31 March,all,SpookyBoys!,<3 <3 <3
,Recommended,312520,30814568,Posted: 29 March,all,Laloeka,"So far, so good. It's very challenging, frustrating and unforgiving and you will die a lot. You also have to figure out your objective through observing and exploring. No hand holding after the initial tutorial.If you're okay with that, go and play! It's really good!I've played 5 hours and I've reached a third area now. The first two hours were spent learning the controls and game systems, so if you feel you don't understand what to do after the first hour, continue and explore!It would seem each area takes about 2 hours to traverse, so with a bit of extrapolating, I still have a good 20 hours to go."
76561198241272186,Recommended,312520,30930995,Posted: 3 April,all,Fireking26,"People say this game is way too difficult. I've read one or two reviews regarding the controls, saying they are iffy and they ruin the game. Let me say right off the bat that you can change the controls, and the default controls aren't that bad themselves. But then on to the gameplay. People say that it is beautiful and the character and NPCs move amazingly. I agree with both of those. But the difficulty?The difficulty is hard. Yes. But it is a GOOD hard. It is challenging enough to make you try your hardest but not too hard to make you stuck on rung 1 the WHOLE time. In the beginning, I loved it but thought it was too hard for me. But it was SO addicting I kept playing and eventually, I got the hang of it and without dying once got to area 3 and Rung 5 section 2, or whatever those little things are called. Then I died a few times and got back to rung 3, and back to 5. It is fun but hard, and sometimes it may seem WAY too hard but you find a way around the that and take another route. And this game is rewarding when you get a rung higher or move on to the next region. Discovering all the new creatures, concepts, plants, and terrain is really fun too.But is it TOO hard? Not it my eyes. If you really try you will make your way up those rungs and move on to new regions. At times it may be frustating, or rage filling, or make you feel like you want to break you keyboard, but you will move on and find new mays to get on with the level. This game is addicting, beautifully made, but challenging, but I reccomend it to you guys. Enjoy Rain World!!"
76561198007567845,Recommended,312520,30875301,Posted: 1 April,all,Naysu,"A bruital game that makes you feel accomplished. most deaths can be easily avoided if you pay attention and progress carefully. The ammount of near death misses make this game really exciting to play.The music and the artwork for this game are fantastic, and the in game animations seem to be algorithmiclaly generated, and look brilliant!This game does require a large ammount of concentration, and has a steep learning curve, but when you make it through another day and hibernate you really feel like the progression is well earned! I can't reccomend this game enough! especially if you enjoy exploration and feeling lost in a huge unforgiving world."
76561198049491696,Recommended,312520,34184285,Posted: 11 August,all,Zombie Fingers,"Mommy, a Slugcat followed me home. Can I keep it?"
,Not Recommended,312520,30843610,Posted: 30 March,all,advancedspuds,"Great visuals, but it's more of a puzzle game with shoddy platforming tacked on.  The platforming aspect just isn't fun.  Jump is pathetic, it's all about climbing through pipes and finding the right route."
76561198103095061,Recommended,312520,30787566,Posted: 27 March,all,QQ老冰,"Best game ive ever played! so many things to be explored for crazy collector,me.i enjoy pokemon and monster hunter,and now,rain world.and this game provides a genuine surviving experience."
,Recommended,312520,30857155,Posted: 31 March,all,Chokobat,slugcat
76561198025914520,Recommended,312520,33072737,Posted: 1 July,all,Mavi,"Good game,uniqe,different,buy it."
76561198083868715,Not Recommended,312520,33192802,Posted: 3 July,all,ArtOfDeception,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198050263083,Recommended,312520,30844904,Posted: 30 March,all,THE PWNER,"Pros:-Pretty cool graphics tbh-Intellgent AI-Hardcore styleCons:-Hardcore style-sorta wierd controls<---[FULL REVIEW]--->I went ahead and picked up this game up during it's sale cause I was simply curious + it had a adorable little creature as the main character, a little weak Slug Cat. You go about a ruined world that is split up into regions which can only be accessed during certain days. Each region holds different rooms with different layouts and different monsters to keep you on edge while playing this game. Firstly, the graphics are overall a job well done. The character model you play as is adorable and innocent while everything around you is destroyed in rottten ruins. Secondly, the AI in the game are smart to the point that you will find certain monsters actually camping or hiding around your only way out. This degree of intellgence ends up making the game Hardcore driven since there are fair penalties upon death (you go back a day which causes certain gates to regions to close, yet you can avoid going back a day upon death by eating rare golden flowers). Hardcore in this game is really a two sided-coin, either you like it the difficult Hardcore aspect or you don't (the game does not get easier, but seemingly gets more difficult). The one issue I'm seeing according to other reviews are the controls and key bindings. I'm personally using a controller and facing little difficulty with moving my little Slug Cat around the map, yet other people also claim the character you play as is too slow or clunky. Yes, the character is slow and clunky since it is a Slug Cat and you will find yourself being chased down by faster monsters since your slug tail is dragging you down. Overall, I reccomend this game to those who use controllers and are fine with a Hardcore driven game that will screw you over despite your best efforts. I give Rain World 8/10 Yummy, Juicy, Mouth-Watering, Slug Cats"
76561198254149913,Recommended,312520,31271448,Posted: 21 April,all,kirkventuraespinar,......
,Not Recommended,312520,32777612,Posted: 25 June,all,KING OF THE MOON,"Game is not compatible with AMD Radeon R9 200 series. I cannot recommend a game that doesn't work on such a common graphics unit. I am extremely disappointed about this, as the game looked like it might be good.If I am wrong about this, I will change my review. I have tried every possible solution I could think of, and had freinds try to help. I can say with confidence that the issue is not with my system, so it is most likely a problem within the game itself not supporting my GPU.If anyone with the same graphics unit is able to run this game, please message me about it. Again, I will change my review if I am wrong about any of this."
,Not Recommended,312520,33093727,Posted: 1 July,all,seagull,"This is a masterclass in bad game design.The art is lush and the characters endearing and lovable, which makes the experience of playing the title almost heartbreaking in its tragedy. Every single design decision used to create this game seems to have been made to turn the process into as big a chore as possible.The game didn't even start the first time I ran it because I'd mapped my Steam installations to a different folder. Take note that little ""?"" boxes imply the game is trying to load assets it can't find from your Program Files directory. A prompt would have been nice but would also have required a level of foresight I have learnt not to expect.The controls are a continual source of contention. The title apparently has baked-in support for DualShock 4, but the button prompts are wrong and it doesn't support the D-Pad. You can hack together something in Steam but you'll also need to map the keys yourself in the interface; more on that later.The visual design – that is, the way the images come onto your screen – is dreadful. The entire title plays at 1366x768, making the image blurred on any device where the picture needs to be scaled up as there is no support for proper pixel scaling. This makes finer details difficult to see and makes navigating the interface a chore.The title itself demonstrates numerous examples of form over function, giving gameplay the impression of an afterthought.When you're underwater your player sprite turns black, making it almost impossible to see. This oversight works in conjunction with the title's heavy use of rain, the falling of which causes the screen to shake about so violently that navigating the area becomes little more than guesswork.Control prompts, done in a similarly lush and minimalist style, abound the first few minutes of gameplay, but suffer from the same planning; beyond a legend that is supposed to appear when you pause, but doesn't if you've mapped your own controls, the only time you're told what buttons to push is via an unhelpful spectre who follows you about, giving wonderful-looking but unhelpful advice in tiny images you can barely see. He vanishes if you get too close to him, and when he re-locates you have to wait a second for his unhelpful prompt again, if it appears at all.When he finally does, you quickly realise that the button prompts he regurgigates are hard-coded images that pay no attention to the custom mapping you have been forced to do to compensate for the title's lack of testing; if you had mis-mapped the prompts in the configuration, the spectre gives out the wrong cues, and you are left to fend for yourself.It appears as if very little of the title was ever actually play-tested and the whole thing seems to have been rushed out the door very quickly to meet a deadline.The title attempts to tell the story wordlessly as the player moves through it, but this too is a half-measure; while some aspects of the story are delivered silently (such as the Spectre giving out his microscopic prompts), other mechanics are delivered lifelessly in text at the bottom of the screen. One would think a devoted arts team could have figured out a way to display hunger in the character beyond simply writing ""You are hungry! Find food"" at the bottom of the screen.To those debating picking up this title since it is on sale, I would suggest eyeing the Community Forums first. There are over a hundred individual bug report posts, with most ending with someone mentioning a mythical update patch intended to alleviate the issues the title should have fixed in beta. There has been no ETA for this patch, nor any indication of what it intends to fix. Unless it is a re-make of the title in a new engine and compiled by people with a solid idea of what it is they are trying to produce, I would hold off on this one."
,Not Recommended,312520,31209693,Posted: 17 April,all,Leonard McCoy,"Rain World is superb world-building let down by arcane game mechanics, shoddy platforming, and shallow, dull gameplay. All but smoke and mirrors, gentlemen! #WorthaRefundThere's not much to say besides it's just not a whole lot of fun to be slugcat in Rain World. The few ways slugcat can interact with this stark, sinister world are simply way too few and far between and overall too clunky for a hardcore platformer.On a technical level, it should be noted that this game doesn't support native 1080p. Instead, in fullscreen mode this game upscales from an obscure 1366px by 768px resolution to whatever your monitor is set to."
76561198045460316,Not Recommended,312520,31117822,Posted: 13 April,all,Oxygen_Thief,"Very tedious and a bit repetitive after a while,  would not recommend unless you have a controller as the keyboard controls don't work well"
76561197989075489,Not Recommended,312520,35165345,Posted: 23 September,all,Choucroute,"After an hour playing I realize this is not the type of game I want to play.The visuals are beautiful, the ambiance is great. Slugcat is adorable.It's a die-and-retry game. This I have no issue with.No explanations, discovering things as you progress, this is also OK for me.The issue: when you die, you get pulled backwards (that ""ladder"" thing). Which means you will keep redoing the same thing over and over, farming for food and avoiding predators, in the same area, without making progress, just recovering from previous death, before you can even start to progress.This, combined with a slow paced gameplay, makes me unwilling to see the rest of the adventure :("
76561198094359823,Recommended,312520,30793506,Posted: 28 March,all,The Bradass Mofo,"Don't be distracted by the beauty of this game, it hates you, wants you dead, and unless you actually are a cat playing this, You are gunna die. Have fun crying yourself to sleep because you let the adorable catslug   drown.10/10 would drown a kitty again."
,Recommended,312520,30788552,Posted: 28 March,all,Gay Towel ✔️ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"I personally really enjoy this game, But it seems to be a love it or hate it kind of game. So there are a few issues that do need to be put out to you before you buy it.1. There are are only 4 resolutions for the game. The max is 1366x1080. Mine is 1920x1080 which is annoying for me. I dont understand why they went with this as the majority of modern games will support more than 4 resolutions.2. You probably know by now that the game is hard, it is. But if you dont like that, dont buy it.3. The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ so rebind them and have not as a♥♥♥♥♥♥time, simple.4. Rain, when it comes, and your no where near a shelter, your ♥♥♥♥ed. No, you cannot stay under shade or underground. It will flood.5.The third area of the game, shade citadel or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ me that is dark and annoying. You will be guessing where platforms are to jump on them. For example:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=893753628Turns out im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and theres a few ways you can use to see in that region.6.Swimming.Issues fixed7.Those gay leaking pipes that leak into the sewers that push you further under the waterIssues Fixed8.and the one that pisses me off most of all, there are areas marked where that you can use to get to other areas of them map and about 3 times more that are used for A.I spawns, its so easy to accidently get stuck in one while in a chase and then die. once again, for example:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=893754818Issues Fixed"
,Recommended,312520,30786747,Posted: 27 March,all,Bear,"This game is super good. There's a lot to explore and all of the animations are cute. I was super hyped when i saw the first few gameplay videos, and it's one of the best games i played all year"
,Recommended,312520,34023327,Posted: 4 August,all,garwik,yup
,Recommended,312520,32836662,Posted: 26 June,all,cardomajig24,"It's an okay game but i'm really not sure what to think of it. I was playing for about half an hour and I guess I was surviving? Maybe it's a game that wants its players to explore? I'm not entirely sure honestly. Whatever it is, if you think you'll enjoy it at least try it. If you didn't? No harm no foul."
,Not Recommended,312520,30787622,Posted: 27 March,all,King Megascience,"I feel cheated by this game. At no point was it made clear to me that this was a 'hardcore' game. To clarify, I prepurchased this game - the second preorder I have ever made - so I did not have time to be warned off by the reviews. I know, I am a fool. However, bear with me. I have seen glimpses of this game in fits and starts over the three years it was in the public eye, and they mesmerised me. A game where AI and the motion of the characters was the first priority. A world you could explore, and become a part of. Tantalising gifs and screenshots of an otherworldly place where fantasical creatures roamed.I wanted to explore this world, but the game developers clearly do not want me to.There is a ticking clock - a short one - until you get instakilled by rain, so say goodbye to taking in the scenery, watching the AI at work. Every hit you take is an instakill, making every encounter a hope that the AI acts in a way favourable to you. Every moment is frantic and filled with stress, even when nothing much is actually happening on screen.Will this random, unlabeled pipe take me closer to my goal? Or will I arrive in a completely useless area that serves only to waste my time until the inevitable rain death?When you die, which you will, you have to play the level over again. The level itself isn't procedurally generated, mind, only the creatures' placement. Which means you will be traipsing over familiar ground time and time again, jumping past the same green lizards who are now in an adjacent room to the one you saw them in last time.Let me tell you something - even in my short playtime, the AI was fantastic. The slugcat is great. The creatures give off the sense of life that you see in nature documentaries. But how can I enjoy any of this when standing around observing will invariably get me killed?I have no problem with this being a hardcore game. I have no problem with it being so fundamentally, overpoweringly, crushingly unforgiving that it will only appeal to a niche audience. That's perfectly cool with me. It's great that such unique games can be made. What I am not okay with, however, is not having this explained to me beforehand. Sure, if I peruse the developer forums, I can find hints of this being a 'difficult game', as one dev calls it. But it is never outright stated anywhere that you will be thrown into the lion's den without even a concept of what a lion is, with each mistake (often not by your own hand) causing an immediate restart.If you enjoy the idea of what I have described - possibly the most unforgiving game I've ever played - where the entire goal is to exist in a world where nearly everything is about to kill you, all the time, and you simply cannot escape it all, then go out and get this game. There is a lot to love here - a gorgeous world, a fantastic sense of depth. But for me, someone who plays games to de-stress, I cannot recommend this title. If you aren't prepared to put a lot of time in learning the mechanics as thoroughly as you can, becoming as much a slugcat as you are human, then move on.PS: I know my playtime of this game is practically nonexistent. Make of that what you will. I know that if I continue playing this game I will become utterly irate, and I'm not going to do that for the sake of a review."
76561198118963583,Recommended,312520,30816894,Posted: 29 March,all,physikiller,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,312520,30867259,Posted: 31 March,all,Rico2,"Possibly the only game capable of making me feel sympathetic for another living being.+Gwaphix+Neat Physics+Gigantic+Intuitive+Fun+Co-Op(Coming Soon)-Exceedingly difficult-No seriously, This game makes a single casual cry more tears than all liberals on november 8th9.8/10"
76561197970809887,Not Recommended,312520,31361627,Posted: 25 April,all,holger.linge,"This game is about dying. Over and over again. And fighting the pain and frustration about that. And i lost this fight.The artwork is really beautiful done, the animations are smoth, the soundtrack is great. But the fun, the flow, the ""just another screen""-feeling, they won't come.There are other games (Limbo, Inside) where death teaches you something, makes you avoid trouble next  time, and is sometimes even sort of fun to watch.But in this rainy world, it just set's you back to the last savepoint. And steals a level of karma, if you were able to collect some. Wich means: The next parts of the map will be unaccessibly.If you really are into unforgiving survival, lack of manuals, and exploration to the maximum, then RAIN WORLD may be yours. For the casual player, the strategic, gunning, relaxing, sneaking player: Keep away."
76561198055343296,Not Recommended,312520,30844181,Posted: 30 March,all,matt3dbb,"Getting killed 3 times in the tutorial without explanation is not very fun, this game looked really cute, but I havent even learnt what skills I need to survive and its already frustrating."
,Recommended,312520,30786596,Posted: 27 March,all,Enderzilla747,10/10 would Slugcat sneak through dumb Green Lizards again.
76561198019684910,Not Recommended,312520,33369394,Posted: 8 July,all,Shephf,"It's good game and all, but this karma system sucks so hard. I stayed alive for 3 days and finally managed to move through the water gate to the next region and then I died. I respawned and when I reached that gate again it was closed, because I had different (lower) karma symbol, I though that it's some sort of mistake, so I exited the game and started the level all over again just to find out that now I have even lower karma symbol, so now I have to survive these 3 days all over again to pass that ♥♥♥♥ing water gate... Damn, I'm a busy man, I don't have hours and hours to play video games, I just play from time to time for about 30-60 minutes and with this game this means I'm never gonna get any ♥♥♥♥ing progress.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want my money back, I'm not going to play this any more..."
76561198189565657,Not Recommended,312520,33625492,Posted: 18 July,all,illegalbeings,"Rain World oozes charm, but horrendous controls and collision detection make platforming a frustrating chore."
76561198045687174,Not Recommended,312520,31100025,Posted: 12 April,all,Meawzerz,"game Wont launch, it crashes on the opening title screen as unresponsive, the devs posts have provided no solution, seeming a problem for win 7 64-bit."
,Recommended,312520,30790468,Posted: 28 March,all,Emennius,"""Too much water 0/10"" -IGN"
,Not Recommended,312520,32334049,Posted: 10 June,all,Fired QA Employee,"After further playing this game, I've decided to update my review:Do you want a platforming game with the most unresposive controls you've ever seen??I'm talking so unresponsive, it's worse than my ex wife in the bedroom!!Do you want a game that dishes you these absolutely money back garentee terrible controls and makes you complete tedious highly repititious platforming puzzles?!?I'm talking so unresponsive the same controls will never do the same thing! Ever!Do you want a game where you lose 20 mins of progreass every time you die?Do you want an indie survival horror title where you're absoluteley defenceless to everything, and you just have to run or die??Do you want level design so terrible! random enemy placement so wild! you have no choice BUT To die!?!Thennn!Slug Cat is the perfect lead marionette for you! a lead marionette that you control with looseley connected rubber bands! don't ever expect the same controls to do the same thing twice in a row!Not once ever!This game is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing terrible!It's so ♥♥♥♥ing terrible you'll have no choice but to defend it!Especially if you donated to the GoFundMe!Don't worry that you've already sunk hours of your life into this repramanding experience, It's just the players who are bad! Your true skill will shine as you are thrown into a clunky, counterintuitive artistically excellent anti-immersive experience!!Never before has such a terrible steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥received such thunderous applause!Just look at the screenshots! Look at that scenery and art direction! then go spend your money!Wait patiently as within the first 15 minutes all the novelty will die in the♥♥♥♥♥Then you'll come to hate yourself as you could have had more entertainment watching those $25 burn as you rub your meat with a cheese grater!Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,312520,30797567,Posted: 28 March,all,Mithaldu,"In short, mainly falls down by being a not horrible, yet still weak console -> pc port.Unskippable cutscenes, no real fullscreen mode (game fills desktop, then resizes its image to fill), only four resolutions (none of which are 16:10), very frustrating and finnicky controls that have you fighting the controls more often than the actual game (took four tries to learn how to jump a gap onto a pole and reliably grab it; cat can throw things, but only forwards, sometimes with an arc, and it does zero aiming), ingame control prompts do not reflect actual configuration if you change keys."
76561198133256946,Not Recommended,312520,30851027,Posted: 31 March,all,cjfunited,What could have been... refunded
76561198271186427,Recommended,312520,30789017,Posted: 28 March,all,brightprimate,'(o.o)'/
76561198058551040,Not Recommended,312520,35186089,Posted: 24 September,all,ngaivictor,"Rain World vs FTLFTL is a very successful indie game, what is the difference between Rain World and FTL, Rain World has better graphics, great animation, why it isn't successful?Both are difficult, but the FTL is a challenging game, every time the enemy is just a little stronger than you, put the target on your weaknesses (weapons configuration), even if you lose, you still think you can win, you know your problem & why you lost, you have enough time to configure your spaceship, explore the world, you can unlock some new ships or weapons.Rainy world you can only get frustrated, no time to explore, away get the inevitable kill, every time you play, you will get punishment, when you die, your map disappeared, you get downgraded, and the developer mean to set a lot of trap, hidden wall for no reason in between the stage( I find it in Shoreline) poor background & foreground blend together, block you by add the pole at some jumping point so Slugcat will auto grab it. some path you need special tools but no hint(developer just want you die). this is bad platform design and call it life is unfair!Yes! life is unfair, but why I need to play the unfair game? life is unfair for individual, but if you look wider, why the player will avoid this game, so it is fair.less than 10% people will enjoy this game, make sure your are that 10% before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,312520,33038124,Posted: 30 June,all,ToRRent,"Refund.It wasn't what I expected tbh. While the concept is interesting, the execution of telling the player what and where he should go/do is horrible, also it doesn't support modern resolutions."
,Not Recommended,312520,32741464,Posted: 24 June,all,Giftshop,"Freezes, crashes, save corruption. Rain World has it all.But wait there's more. Fiddly, inconsistent movement, non-rebindable controls, difficulty that feels arbitrary and tedious.BUY RAIN WORLD."
,Not Recommended,312520,31301037,Posted: 22 April,all,Set Sail for Fail,"Looks like another indie game needs my downvote for its ""ultra-hard gameplay"" and ""unforgiveness"". Joyless.Asking for refund.UPD: decided to explain a bit though I don't really care for all hurr-durr fanboism (13% useful).This game is about exploring the world and learning its rules: montsers' abilities, behaviors and obstacles. What you should eat, kill or be aware of. You can't argue with that.I'd love to do that, I'd love to learn by trial and error but I really can't. Because losing is not fun, it causes you to lose ""levels"" - the only valuable stat of Slugcat that is gained through intense grinding. Soon I realised that game actually PUNISHES me when I'm trying to learn about it. You can't learn without repeatedly dying. Are these lizards are gonna kill me or I can befriend them? Is this trap-looking pole lethal? How much HP do I have? Can I face the rain outside of hybernation chamber? How do spikes work exactly? You will propably be dead by the moment you know correct answer.I don't blame this game for its lethalness. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with the fact that you MUST do repetative, joyless actions, influenced with kind of unfair RNG, to raise your level after you have died.I'd love to play this game without levels and level-dependant zones and repetative rain. Walking around, figuring how do things work, facing immediate dangers, not the time limit.I prefer Minecraft over Don't Starve for the same reasons.I don't recommend its game. It's about grinding in a hurry, not joyful learning."
,Not Recommended,312520,33658912,Posted: 19 July,all,Ragna,"Not what i expected.I don´t want to be unfair to the dev , so I wont request a refund , but boy, that game was boring.That remember me of old pc games where you have to memorize everything or you will suffer an insta-death attack and go back to the long road save point..Controls are terrible , and everything looks so small.The main character (an infant) walk like a disabled person and even I can jump higher than him.Maybe I am get old ,but that one was bad.And it crashes A LOT!!"
,Not Recommended,312520,33157687,Posted: 2 July,all,AlfAS,Game crashed every time i launched it. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,312520,33615624,Posted: 17 July,all,Τίτος Αλεπού,Since level four game turns into complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tTo the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who made this: kill yourself.
,Recommended,312520,30950850,Posted: 4 April,all,De'Vout Numelran,"I have to say the game is really good. The way slugcat handles CAN be frustrating at times but ive learned to work with it. Im nearing the end of the game and havent had too much struggle except for really far jumps and the five pebbles region for reasons I wont spoil.Here are some tips i learned that may help others.-food replenishes every 2-3 successful hibernations.-food eaten in the current ""life"", and you die before hibernating, gets reset.-jump over the green lizards!-the vultures helmet scares creatures! Use a spear!-go veeery slowly around monster kelp.-dont reset too soon if a lizard gets you. You might get saved by it getting attacked.-you are only truely dead if 1: slug cat has an x.x face, or 2: you dont come back on the screen (I.E a lizard makes it to a one-way pipe and comes out without you.)-There is almost always a hibernation chamber somewhere near a gate, with food nearby to get you to the karma you need.-i have yet needed to use the shopping from those tribal guys. I stole light from a guy i found randomly. Saved me a lot of trouble.-items remain in hibernation chambers forever! Dont be afraid to leave valuables in a chamber you will come back to. (At least i found my old light stone was still there after coming back.)-blue flash seeds kill spiders.-blue rock-like seeds that seem to only be thrown actually become edible bubbles when placed in water.-double tap shift to switch hand held items.-slug cat swims faster while submerged but will auto swim up and get stuck if low on air. Be careful. (Hardest thing to control to be honest)-steal those weapons from the tribal guys. Sone are really powerful!-you can kill lizards with enough spears!My best strategy was to forgo trying to survive in a new area. Focus on exploration. If you die, map out the area in your head and try to find a gate or a hibernation chamber. When you find it, take a mental note where it is and then spend your time feeding on your way back to it (or while there.)Also save your survivor achievement. You get a special something that will prove VERY handy later on! Dont use it unless you absolutely have to! I wasted mine and found out its a one time use. Period.All in all i do highly recommend playing this. I hope this review helps many."
,Recommended,312520,30839566,Posted: 30 March,all,boing,"Very deeply immersive, a flawed masterpiece.I have a love-hate relationship with this game; I love its world and mysteries but it can be so infuriatingly punishing that instead of spending my spare time chilling with something I enjoy, going to sleep refreshed after a hard day of work; I'm more often left with something I resent and go to sleep grumpy... sort of like a bad relationship you get stuck in because its easier than moving on, and because there used to be love there, once.Add to the game the element of randomness and unfair situations can get overwhelming - which is my beef with it.Still it's an amazing game worth checking out, despite any flaws. And if you don't mind randomness leaving you with that ""unfair feeling"" like hard challenges - it's definitely worth your time. The developers are still updating and tweaking everything so I'm hopeful it will get more enjoyable for us more casually minded people.The sound design and music are among the best I've heard in an indie game."
76561197993429739,Recommended,312520,30893254,Posted: 1 April,all,HAZARD-bot,"EDIT: It was captivating enough for me to give it another go (after my first 7 hours). Balls bustingly hard, but after watching a few Let's Plays to actually give me some direction (as not to loop around pointlessly and get past some obstacles that truely stumped me), I'm changing my review from negative to positive.STILL SUPER HARD! BE WARNED! Also, a chunk of the community is a bunch of ""git gud"" deadbeats, so look elsewhere for help.Beautiful game. Facinating creatures, great maps. Inense. Can feel cheap and hard though.tldr; great game, except for the difficulty. My frustration outweighed my fun.The game is gorgeous, and it's a legit thrill to explore new places and find new creatures that want to eat you and figure out the dos and don'ts regarding them. The gameplay feels fresh and pretty unique.But all that is overshadowed by how hair-tearingly frustrating it is. Deaths frequently feel cheap, you will frequently find yourself trying to get past something and dying and dying and dying again, all to a point where suceeding a difficult chunk is no longer ""yay, I did it!"" but ""ugh, thank god that BS is over"". Kudos to the game for being encicing enough for me to trudge on as long as I did despite the frustration, but at the end of the day, my fun did not outweigh my frustrations and I just had to give up.If you're an ""elite"" gamer or don't often get frustrated, this might be the game for you! Legitimatly, the balls-crushing difficulty is my only complaint."
,Recommended,312520,30914379,Posted: 2 April,all,EggieInBasket,"Many parts of Rain World feel tough, but fair. The survival mechanics create a feeling of urgency and make progression extremely rewarding. The monsters are terifying and formidable, but smart play and a bit of skill in maneuvering around them make them managable. In most areas of the game, there are branching paths allowing you to take a different route if one is too treacherous. These are the parts of the game that work.The frustration comes from things that feel arbitrarily difficult. There is a particular area in the game that forces you into one linear path, and that path takes you underwater. Not only is it difficult to track where you are underwater, but slugcat behaves very inconsistantly. Sometimes he moves swiftly, and other times he is sluggish and floats upwards. The real kicker is that slugcat drowns in about two seconds. In these moments I do not feel like I can get -better- at the game to progress. I feel like I am at the whim of the stars aligning just right to allow me to progress through this area. This strips me from any agency as a player, and it is only out of stubborness that I even continued after these parts, despite really liking other parts of the game.This game feels like it needed some additional playtesting before release. Hope the devs take note of the feedback on this game and patch it as I think the changes needed to make these parts of the game  less frustrating would be pretty minor. In the mean time, I can't reccomend  putting yourself through the torture Rain World will inflict upon you.Edit 4/9:Recent patch fixed the specific issue with the part I mentioned as well as some of the other more frustrating aspects of the game. I have put a few  more hours in and have been having a much better time  with the game."
76561198062510820,Recommended,312520,32392827,Posted: 13 June,all,Radioactivescorpion,for some reason this game wont let me eat anything so it gets a 1/10. at least it looks pretty. but really tried to eat the bats for 10 min straight and no matter what i did it would just throw ow switch them.
,Recommended,312520,33492214,Posted: 12 July,all,-TCGC- PixelsGoneWrong,Best game a little laggy but its good
,Recommended,312520,33496788,Posted: 12 July,all,TheKittyAlt,Slugcat genocide simulator.
76561198128846028,Recommended,312520,33469208,Posted: 11 July,all,gloriousmishaps,"rain world is a beautiful game with gorgeous environments, amazing music, wonderfully-designed worlds, and unique enemies. exploring the regions laid out for you is rewarding if only for the experience, and discovering new things and finding out more and more about the world of the slugcat is the focal point of this game, and it is masterfully done. each new discovery feels awe-inspiring as you slowly crack open the mystery of this world you've been dropped into. it makes you want to continue searching, and when you're on a good streak, you won't ever want to stop admiring the game's beauty and beholding its lore.however, the game's downfall is that the controls feel sloppy and poor at times, leading to accidental deaths, and while they might be loose on purpose to give the slugcat a wobbly, marshmallowy feel, it's an unfortunate choice for a game such as this one in which you'll be running away from predators, performing hairpin turns, leaping across chasms of death, and trying to pinball your way into tiny holes in a mad effort to escape being another critter's meal. in addition, the difficulty is punishing, and you will die a lot. this is a trial-and-error game that, sadly, punishes you for trying, which makes it very difficult to get very far in the game very quickly.this is a game that you absolutely must take your patience with, and if you don't love it from the start, you probably won't end up enjoying it as you continue burning through this slow, exploration-based platformer. the trick to enjoying rain world is to stop focusing on progressing and just take it easy and enjoy the scenery. when the time comes to progress, then it's time to move on, but forcing a deadline on yourself is going to make the game feel ridiculously unfair. it's a game meant to be taken at a snail's pace, much like the little slugcat, and pushing forward at the speed of light is only going to get you a swift death and frustration.this is a good game to take in tiny chunks and not burn through all in one night.also, thankfully, we are getting difficulty levels hopefully, so the difficulty curve is being addressed. we'll have an easy, normal, and hard mode, so take my commentary on the difficulty with a grain of salt. hopefully it will be resolved with an upcoming update."
,Recommended,312520,31048261,Posted: 9 April,all,HuNNk,way too hard ... but to be honest game is fantastic .True hardcore game for tryharders .
,Not Recommended,312520,32017509,Posted: 28 May,all,MarsupialMan,"I wanted to love Rain World so, so badly. As someone who has worked summers as a Naturalist and who loved the idea of a platformer/survival game that was based around a food chain and ecosystem it just didn't deliver for me, because of its mechanics and lack of visuals. To be fair to the developers and the game; I didn't play this game for more than 2 hours at most.The platforming is done in such a way that the Slugcat feels very weak and it results in arbitrary difficulty. I appreciate the attempts at making Slugcat feel like an organic creature, but all it did was create frustration. Slugcat has slow movement, can't jump high, and has very few means of survival via combat. I know this is intended and is part of what seperates this game from others in the genre, but it does so in a bad way. I think they could have increased Slugcat's movement speed and jumping height very slightly and it wouldn't have hurt the realism while still making the player feel like its fun to be the Slugcat.The levels are extremely sparse, and while initially I enjoyed some of the pixel art, it gets kind of bland with the lack of color and the simplicity of the creatures' designs. Having to slowly trudge around and get to the next screen over and over gets tedious quickly. There are indie games like Owlboy that have come out that are just so visually appealing and have such fluid mechanics; that I find it hard to recommend this game if it is competing for your wallet.There may have been a good chance that had I stuck it out longer I may have come to enjoy this game, but I won't be finding out. It just didn't do it for me, and I found it too unpleasant to sink more time into it out of hopes that might change. There are lots of positive reviews of this game; and it may well deserve them as these things are subjective, but I felt the need to put in my voice as an opposing perspective."
76561198120968963,Recommended,312520,33959205,Posted: 1 August,all,shadowbee10,I love this game and it's very nicely made. This game is NOT ment for people that get angry easily. The main thing I don't like about this game is the random times that you can progress in the game but overall. It's a great game and I recommend this to people that like platformers and for anybody that wants a challenge.
76561197987123664,Recommended,312520,30807558,Posted: 28 March,all,Martial.Lore,"Rain World was the first game I ever sought a refund for on Steam. QUOTE I like everything about it except the difficulty of controlling the slugcat while platforming.I was prepared to accept the AI difficulty, the hibernation save-point system, and the repetition required to learn how to navigate the environments: the reason I got a refund is that I spent almost an hour trying to figure out how to get the slugcat to climb, then jump and finally grasp a vertical pole to reach a ""room"" that had some food in it in order to eat before the rain came. I knew what to do but I just couldn't manage it. I'm just not that good with a controller. Total frustration.I'd rather spend my refund on another game in which I might have a reasonable expectation of progressing to the end. This game is more hardcore than I expected. I might give it another try in the future, when it is deeply discounted on sale, but for now I have to give it a pass.(I wish I could give Rain World a ""meh"" instead of a ""thumbs down"" because I do think there's a lot to like about it. That option is not available unfortunately.)END QUOTEIt's August now and Rain World is discounted 50%. Time for a revisit. And I'm still liking what I liked before: it's a beautiful, fascinating world to dive into. And having prepared myself to be more patient this time round, and understanding a little more about what some of the more obscure mechanics are or what they mean, I am enjoying it a whole lot more. The recent patch has helped and, with further improvements on the way, Rain World is turning into a fantastic little game. Still difficult, brutal and unforgiving. But more in a good way than it was when it first came out."
,Recommended,312520,34406693,Posted: 21 August,all,Devil,Reminds me of that game where slugs go into your uretha
,Recommended,312520,35500885,Posted: 5 October,all,Nannerpuss,10/10This game is a straight up masterpiece.Negative reviewers need to get good.
