user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312540,16484058,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,4RM3D [anime247],Pro-tip: Go to the game's installation directory and look for the folder:Ys VI Material Collection. There you can find tons of free art work from the game.
,Recommended,312540,17647270,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Nerd House,"Ys VI: The Ark of NapishtimDeveloper: Nihon FalcomPublisher: XSEED Games, Marvelous USA Inc.I'll try to keep this review as spoiler-free as possible.Introduction==========Ys is one of the oldest action RPG series, and quite possibly my favorite RPG series ever. The first game wasYs I: Ancient Ys Vanishedin 1987, and since then numerous titles have been released, and some remade a few times for other consoles and handhelds. They are still being developed to this day, with a new title having been recently announced for the Playstation 4 and Vita.The Ys series chronicles the adventures of Adol Christin, a young man with a zest for adventure and an uncanny knack for being in the right place at the right time. Currently we only have 4 Ys titles on Steam, with Ark of Napishtim being the 6th installment. First released for PC back in 2003, it was later ported to the Playstation 2 in 2005, and the PSP in 2006. Ark of Napishtim was the first English release of the series since Ys III: Wanderers of Ys. An English translation of the original PC version was released here on Steam on April 28th of 2015m with some enhancements and added features. The Steam release is hands-down the definitive version of Ark of Napishtim.Gameplay==========Ark of Napishtim is a hack and slash action RPG with some light platforming elements. Controlling Adol Christin, players are able to freely move around the world, jump, and attack enemies. The game takes place on the Canaan Islands, after an attack on Adol's ship forced him to sail into an unknown region and into a large storm. This resulted in Adol being thrown off his ship and washing ashore in a new mysterious land.Progression is story and exploration driven. As you explore each new area, bits of story are revealed through dialogue and events. You will also find treasure hidden all over, some of them granting new abilities or allowing you to explore areas you were previously unable to. Pieces of equipment, as well as healing items and accessories, are also hidden in treasure chests. To save your game you need to find a Spirit Monument. Touching one will completely heal you and cure any status ailments. Typically great areas to grind EXP and gold are the areas near Spirit Monuments.Adol will eventually have access to three different swords with magical properties, each based on a particular element: Fire, Wind, or Thunder. These can be upgraded over the course of the game using Emelas Ore, which is dropped by enemies in small amounts. Upgrading your swords unlocks new traits for them, such as increasing their attack power, unlocking special elemental magic, or increasing magic regeneration. Upgrading your swords is the best way to strengthen Adol against the challenges he faces, so make it a point to collect as much Emelas Ore as you can.One of the best things about Ys titles are the boss battles. Every boss is a screen-filling affair, requiring careful movement and precise strikes to bring down. The boss battles are easily the most exciting parts of the game.One of the new features added to the Steam release of this title is Catastrophe Mode, which means you will not be able to stock up and use healing items freely. The game will play more like Ys Origin or Oath in Felghana, with healing items being used automatically when you pick them up! Couple this with Nightmare difficulty and you have onehellof a challenge ahead of you.The other new feature is the inclusion of a special item called the Wing of Alma. This enables you to warp between all found Spirit Monuments. This saves you SO much time it's unreal. In older releases you would literally had to backtrack through many areas, using the Wing of Alma you simply select the Spirit Monument and you're off!Graphics==========Ark of Napishtim got a slight upgrade in it's looks department. Utilizing DirectX8, the game looks much better than it's previously releases. Smooth animations all around, from Adol, enemies, and even bosses. Every sprite is very sharp, well designed, and highly detailed. Perhaps the best thing about the game are the environments. The land, water, the skies, dark caves, and ancient ruins all look fantastic.Sound and Music==========Ys is known for its musical scores, and Ark of Napishtim is no exception. Every track is amazing. From the boss theme to each different area's own theme, the music is really second to none. I wish there were soundtrack editions here on Steam for us to buy, as I would buy every single one. Physical collector's edition Ys releases usually come with a soundtrack disc, so I don't see a reason why Steam users can't have a similar option available.As for sound effects, you have your usual Ys sounds. Attacks, footsteps, monsters...all have viable sound effects. They sound great, especially swinging the different swords and using the elemental magic.Performance==========Perfect 60 FPS all across the board. No lag, stuttering, slowdown, framerate drops, or random crashes. The game literally ran without a single hitch. Flawless.Ark of Napishtim has full controller support, and is the recommended way to play the game. My only gripe is with one of the 'hidden' abilities: Dash Jump. To do it, you have to move in a direction and press the jump and attack buttons at the exact same time. I am able to do it properly maybe 40% of the time, and never when I need to. There is a guide available that uses a script to make it a lot easier, but I have yet to try it as I prefer to try and master the technique myself.Final Thoughts==========A fantastic re-release of a fantastic game, Ark of Napishtim is a fun and exciting action RPG that fans of the genre will love. If you have not played a Ys title before, you owe it to yourself to buy Ark and all the other titles on Steam. If nothing else it'll show Nihon Falcom and XSEED Games that we want more Ys on available here on Steam!Gameplay Demo==========https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSNo-LVqbwENerd House Verdict:==========Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,312540,15601822,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Eternal川普,"An ancient evil computer awakens, and it's up to Adol to hit it until it dies with his trusty swords of plot magic. You join Adol on another exciting adventure as he washes ashore the Canaan Islands within a fictional equivalent of the Bermuda Triangle after his survives yet another shipwreck, as expected of Ys openings.Ys VI the Ark of Napishtim is the first Ys game of this engine; Oath in Felghana and Origin are the sequels that came after it, despite Felghana taking place chronologically before VI and Origin taking place hundreds of years before Ys I&II. Because this is the first game of this engine, you might feel that the gameplay is less refined than its two sequels of the same battle system. Even if Ys VI is the first game of this engine, the combat is still satisfying with its three elemental swords having different attack style and may even require finesse to master. Wind sword Livart requires successful button press in certain frames to spin Adol right round like a record baby like Felghana and Origin's Wind magic (just referring to Yunica and Adol's Wind magic). Fire sword Blirante allows you to charge your swipes for powerful flame waves. Lightning sword Erricil has you mashing buttons for a thrusting attack that lets you penetrate even the sturdier foes like a certain frog boss you'll fight later. Fans of previous Ys games and fans of action games in general will love this game.Can't have a Falcom game without awesome soundtrack, and Ark of Napishtim delivers. Enjoy listening to the smooth Ultramarine Deep as you fight a certain disgruntled, butthurt, and jelly black-haired rival in Mythos Path, Mountain Zone as you trigger your PTSD flashback as you dash past exploding balls in Grana-Vallis Mountains, and Ruined City Kishgal as you explore a technologically advanced underground ruin.For those who have never played a Ys game, this is a great start as you will appreciate the gameplay refinements in the sequel Ys the Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin. For veterans of the series you will love the game because it's more classic Falcom goodness before they joined the anime cliché-brigade with Sen no Kiseki. For those who play it already, buy this game anyways to convince Xseed we want more Falcom games localized for the West. Give this game a shot. You won't regret it."
76561198076669223,Recommended,312540,16606059,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,fleiryn,"I got absolutely no idea how the game released 12 years a go can be better than most nowadays releases, but it is."
,Recommended,312540,15600182,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,X|V,It's a good action rpg game with an awesome soundtrack especially in boss fights and when you go shopping. \(^_^)/I still remember playing this game 9 years ago trying to finish the game in Nightmare mode. >.<
,Recommended,312540,15601896,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sylphrit,"First of all, thank you Falcom for developing this franchise. Thank you Xseed for releasing it post konami licensing!One of the few great gems on the PSP originally ported from various other systems that still kept its charm as one of my most favorite action adventure, dungeon crawling, hack and slash games of all time! For those coming from the PSP/Vita era who missed out on this or Oath in Felghana, it retains a jump system that further expands combat past the simple slash-slash-dodge-special attack-swap party members-repeat system, given you take control of solely Adol himself.This game's deep exploration makes it one for many secrets and vague linearity to plot progress. Yes, I still get lost sometimes taking that left fork instead. Each area contains various monsters of certain levels which are a challenge if not impossible for Adol in his level infancy. This is what shapes the game's level system. The combat is a fun grind for money and EXP to move up the ladder.Combat is developed with a 3D aspect in mind. Given, Adol wields a sword and shield, where damage is avoided if certain enemies attack on the shield side. Not only is there a good amount of items and equipment to procure throughout the journey, there are also combat mechanisms that more modern remakes of Ys games lack. The jump system. This deepens the exploration of the game with more platforming than guessing which tunnel is the wrong path and backtracking. It also welcomes a jump attack and dropping attack mechanism that helps in combat with a variety of damage dealing maneuvers. Combat aside, this game revolves Adol's journey of collecting magical swords, each with it's own element and moveset. This is the core combat mechanism of The Ark of Napishtim.Following Adol's journey in searching for these swords, he meets very memorable characters. Some of which people in the latter games on the PSP and Vita are simply left to accept that they exist. Have you ever wondered who Geis is and how he met Adol? He was never always allied with Adol. This is the game to play. (Another shout out to origin stories is for The Oath in Felghana, where it describes Adol's meeting of Dogi from Dogi's friends' perspectives as well as his iconic blue scarf).Other than a solid story of our amnesiac red head adventurer and his combat prowess this game features a memorable soundtrack and nostalgic pseudo-modern pixel art and beautiful portraits of characters to keep the game attractive.Xseed has finally ported this to PC with much appreciated features like teleporting between Save Points (obviously to prevent people like me to still get lost in this vast world! LOL)Final note to new player of this game, save before the last area on another slot! Once you've entered the Ark, theres literally no turning back and once the game ends they dont take you back, so you'd be stuck in that final area in that save state. Xseed probably fixed this with the save point warping, but just a heads up just in case you still want to mess around in the overworld. :)Most of all ENJOY THE GAME!Recommended others within the genre: Ys franchise (Felghana, Origins, I and II are on steam!), Gurumin a monstrous adventure is another great game by Falcom, and Legend of Heroes franchise for the JRPG enthusiasts (currently one one is ported to Steam that I've seen).-TNHu: Sylphrit D."
,Recommended,312540,32749540,Posted: 24 June,all,huskobon,"Solid action!I actually have the original Japanese version in it's big box, so I can do this review justice.  This is a great action RPG. Awesome music, fast paced, and good hack and slash excitement.  The game is a great grinding RPG with a pretty simple story, and really incredible boss fights.  There wasn't a time I really felt bored playing this, right up to the end of the game. It's from 2003, but aged very well, and worth the time! I guess if any negatives, I can say, it can be challenging unless you grind. You wil die enough if you rush to far ahead, so you might feel at a slight stand stil, but it's fun nonetheless. No voice acting to talk about. Art work is very nice, an the animated cinematics look good for the time.For those who don't know much about this series, or the Dev. Nihon Falcom has been doing RPG's for a long time, and many only came out in Japan. They are pros at making quality JRPG's, and hold a good reputation over in Japan.  I can only hope more of thier RPG's will find there way into English releases. For now, this is a great example of one of them!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!8.5/10"
,Recommended,312540,15603643,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Se7enSword,"Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim is certainly not one of the best entries to the series, it is still an excellent game on its own. Moreover, it was the precursor to the widely popular engine of Ys: The Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin.As such, it is no slouch in the gameplay department (It is not as polished as its sequels, but impressive in its own right)  and has one of the best soundtracks of the series. The bosses are fun and challenging, which is to be expected from this series, also the difficulty curve is fairly good. As it is at least a decade old game, the graphics aren't impressive, but that is not its selling point! For seasoned veterans of the franchise, the game is littered with lore, trivia and references that many would identify which helps to flesh the background of the Ys world.I highly recommend it to anyone new and old to the series, especially any fan of the action RPG genre. It's an Ysy purchase!Finally, thank you XSEED for updating this game with additional features and for making it available to us!"
,Recommended,312540,15819973,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Sivek,"The definitive version of Ark of Napishtim, if only because XSeed made all the save points warpable and also the added a game mode that makes healing items work like they do in the other Ark engine trilogy games.  It doesn't have the Alma Trials from the PS2 release but the warpable save points go much further in making the game more enjoyable to play.That said, Ys VI certainly shows its age as the first 3D Ys game, as Oath and Origins improve on basically everything that Ys VI tried to do; not that Ys VI is a bad game, but it has some clear flaws.  One of those was a lot of backtracking that is made moot in this version with the introduction of an item that you get about two hours into the game that lets you warp to all previously visited save points.  This removes a lot of unnecessary frustration and backtracking.Some other problems include really weird level/enemy scaling.  Ys games have always been level dependent, but Ys VI takes into another level, as most areas will have enemies that can easily wreck you at first, but after a couple of levels, you'll be wrecking them.  It's a super-fast turnaround with little subtlety. In my playthough of this, I reached the second boss on like level 14 or something with a level two sword and literally couldn't damage it.  The game's action is fast-paced and fluid, and you level up quickly if you're considered underleveled, but you ♥♥♥♥ed up the level scaling somewhere when this kind of thing can happen. Bosses are rather uninspired compared to the other Ark trilogy games, and Limewater Cave is probably the worst dungeon in a Ys game.  Dash-jumping also is a pain that was abandoned after this game.Onto the positives, even though the gameplay is a bit behind Oath and Origins, it's still fast-paced and has a good feel.  Most of the gameplay is just jumping around and hitting♥♥♥♥♥♥with your sword and is relatively simple but it's satisfying beyond the sum of its parts.  Adol moves fast, swings his sword fast and it just feels right.It's a Falcom Sound Team jdk soundtrack so you know it rules, though it's one of the more unmemorable ones.  The story and characters are generic, typical Ys fare.This review comes off as sort of negative, but I mainly want to highlight Ys VI being the predecessor to Oath and Origins and that you should adjust your expectations accordingly.  If you have only played the Ys games on Steam, go into this knowing that it's the foundation the next two games improved on in every way.In short, a fast-paced, flawed action game that XSeed did a great job handling and worth a look if you have any interest in action games or other Ys titles."
76561198111826314,Recommended,312540,28473544,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mondae Sundae,"The Ark of Napishtim is an oddity. It’s an amazing game, but it has many flaws. It’s filled with great ideas, but it doesn’t always take advantage of them. It’s forgiving, but can be brutally unfair. The ideas of Napishtim don’t always mesh, and the resulting contradictions in balance are the result. But the ideas that do work do so extremely well.Positives:- Epic in Scope- Phenomenal Soundtrack- Solid Gameplay- Ys Boss Battles- Tons of Secrets- Catastrophe ModeNegatives:- Fundamental Design Flaws- Treatment of Minor Bosses- Poor Tutorial- Catastrophe Mode Implementation IssuesThe Ark of Napishtim is an awesome game with an epic presentation. Everything about Napishtim feels huge, vast and mysterious, be it the story or the Islands of Canaan. In fact, Napishtim doesn’t just feel huge, it feels like it was meant to be bigger than it already is! For instance, there’s a talisman that lets Adol breathe underwater, but it’s barely used (far from the epic underwater coral dungeon I was expecting). Nonetheless, the world of Napishtim is beautifully crafted, and filled with a diverse variety of characters and monsters alike.The secrets in Napishtim are amazing! Not only are the secrets numerous, many are deviously hidden. I love it! Admittedly, some things shouldn’t be secrets since they can significantly affect the game’s balance.Napishtim’s main story, though not the strongest, is actually really good. However, the depth and weight of the history implied by the Ark itself opens new possibilities for the series. Napishtim is such a powerful cornerstone of Ys lore that it changes the nature of Ys!The main story is an exploration of greed. That said, greed is not portrayed as a fundamentally bad thing, and is in fact shown to help bring two neighboring societies, both at odds with each other, together for mutual benefit. However, greed cannot be fully explored without demonstrating its use as a means of manipulation; both innocuous and malicious. And Napishtim does this exquisitely.Like all Ys games, the soundtrack does an excellent job supporting and defining the atmosphere of game, but at the same time, the music easily stands on its own. One track in particular stands out to me personally; the theme for the Ruins of Lost Time. This is not because the track is necessarily Napishtim’s best (arguably). But rather because this track, more than any other, expresses the weight of Napishtim’s deep and rich history.Of the three games based on the Napishtim engine, it’s the gameplay of Napishtim that is the most ambitious and unique. Napishtim’s gameplay is based around 3 spiritual swords, each with their own unique properties and attributes. Each sword also has two unique skills; one elemental attack, and one magic attack. I love the fact that Napishtim includes 6 abilities, especially since some of these feel very outlandish compared to future entries.The greatest downfall of Napishtim’s gameplay is that some of the mechanics are very non-intuitive. Since the gameplay is very refined, the non-intuitive aspects would be a non-issue if they were supported by a solid tutorial. Unfortunately, the tutorial is less than stellar. Everything is crammed onto 2 pages, and most of it is self-explanatory. While non-intuitive points are described in the tutorial, the descriptions tend to be confined to 1 line of text. This critical information is so obscured by everything around it that, even if you’re careful, it’s easy to miss.The Bosses in Napishtim are primitive compared to Felghana or Origin, but they’re not as simple as one might think. The boss designs hold a surprising amount of nuance and depth that take all aspects of Napishtim’s gameplay into account. In Catastrophe Time Attack, the bosses really shine; all major design issues that ultimately hurt Story Mode are gone, resulting in the bosses in their purest, most refined form. This, consequently, exposes their raw points; the hit detection for some attacks is a bit unfair, and the random-luck factor is unusually high. It’s worth mentioning that two of the bosses are just borderline beatable on Nightmare Catastrophe Time Attack, and only if you really know how to beat them. Napishtim’s Bosses, for what they are, are frustrating but fun, and very satisfying to beat.I do have a nit-pick with the final boss; it’s way too easy to beat. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a fun and challenging boss. It’s just not challenging enough for a final boss.A huge number of Napishtim’s issues revolve around how bosses are handled in Story Mode. One of the biggest issues is Healing Items. If you have them, you can beat the boss by spamming them. If you don’t, you’re effectively playing Catastrophe Mode. As far as balance is concerned, it’s impossible to account for this chasm of variability. In addition, since Magic Gauges don’t reset when a boss fight starts, Magic can also be spammed. The Magic in Napishtim is literally three powerful boost-like abilities, and being able to spam them is a huge balance-changing advantage.It probably wouldn’t be too difficult to make Magic Gauges reset for major bosses. But this is impossible for minor bosses due to two design decisions. First, none of the minor bosses have a savepoint immediately preceding them. Second, you can flee from nearly all minor boss fights. Both of these points add severe limitations to how these bosses can be balanced, and unfortunately prevents them from being pushed to their full potential.The optional bosses also suffer from a further issue. Optional bosses should be extra challenges that have near-zero impact on the overall balance of the game. However, most of Napishtim’s optional bosses have a significant impact on the game’s balance. One of the biggest issues in the entire game is that three of the optional bosses guard game-changing accessories, around which the end-game bosses are balanced, and the game provides no hint that these bosses even exist… Why?There’s also a late-game sidequest that earns a single-use auto-revive accessory. It’s not part of the game’s balance at all.The optional superboss Majunun also doesn’t quite work. As a superboss, Majunun is spectacular. But in order to properly fight Majunun, you have to grind and grind and grind... Mandatory grinding is not what Ys is about. In addition to this, the Level 11 swords only exist for Majunun, but a player might think they’re necessary in order to fight the last main bosses. The Level 11 Swords and Majunun would probably be better off as a post-game event. This way, grinding isn’t necessary to beat Majunun, and it’s clear that the final bosses only require Level 10 Swords.I love Catastrophe Mode; I have nothing but praise for the idea. With that said, its implementation does have issues. In Catastrophe Mode, healing items in treasure chests are replaced with Capla Water, which can be sold for gold in order to buy items way earlier than intended, thus allowing two tiers of armor to be completely bypassed. This makes the early game significantly easier, but it leaves the late game open to a very steep difficulty spike. The primary function of Catastrophe Mode Capla Water, curing status ailments, is almost effectively useless due to Napishtim’s overall design. The secondary function of Capla Water, fully filling the Magic Gauges, is far more useful, but is rendered useless due to the restriction that Capla Water can only be used if Adol has a Status Ailment.With all of these issues, can The Ark of Napishtim really be considered an amazing game? Well, yes! Napishtim changed Ys on a fundamental level, and that’s not an easy thing to do or do well. But Napishtim did exactly what was needed to make it work. And it’s brilliant for it. It definitely has serious flaws that hold it back, but its strengths far outshine its weaknesses."
76561198073008866,Recommended,312540,15652495,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SirStrongBeard,"The best version of this game yet. I owned the PS2 version many years ago and don't remember enjoying it all that much, however after only an hour or so playing this version I've fallen in love entirely. Highly recommended."
76561198031960627,Recommended,312540,15606340,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hero,I've been playing this game since I got home it's now midnight.(It's a good thing I don't have classes in the morning)This game is challanging I just finished a nightmare run of Ys origin and i'm still having a bit of trouble ( im playing on normal :( ).The music is great as always.Adol is once again ship wrecked and thrown into another adventure.I highly recommend any Ys gameI need some sleep...
76561197998163088,Recommended,312540,15617849,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Jjj'jj,"If you're new to the Ys franchise, Ys Ark of Napishtim is a beginner friendly title that will introduce you to mechanics later used in both Origin and Oath of Felghana, two other Ys games currently available on Steam. While the story is mostly standalone, a few characters from previous titles return, some playing major roles. If you a stickler for being in the know, it would be best to play the earlier titles first.For returning fans from Origin and Oath of Felghana, there's a few differences you'll probably notice immediately. Adol is slower, no mobile techs beyond a lunge jump(which the game expects you to learn, and has precise platforming involving it), and magic is now tied to one of 3 weapons all separately upgradable. Most enemies, however, are also slower so you're not at a disadvantage. The game has two modes, one where you can buy and slot healing items to use, and a new mode that disables it altogether. Remember how in Oath or Origin, monsters would sometimes drop herbs you would immediately use? The new mode, catastrophe mode, works just like that.To those of you who are challenge crazy, 6's Nightmare is probably the easiest currently available of Ys on steam. It certainly isn't EASY, but you won't make as much sweat as Oath of Felghana Produced. Platforming, however, is definitely the hardest. As mentioned before, some jumps you have to make are extremely precise. Game isn't the best at these sections, so you might have a headache trying to get certain items. Will, honestly.Great Music. Same great gameplay. Runs like a dream. No bugs to report as of yet, and currently sitting on 18 hours of play. Delightfully straight forward story, that plays out exactly like you expect yet manages to engross you due to excellent world building. Keyboard and Mouse controls work great. So does controller support. Probably the definite version of 6 as it stands. For those wondering, this version of Ark of Napishtim does not include the PS2 version's content. So no hilariously bad ""I'm Dogi the wall crusher! Want your walls crushed?"" for you. The line is still in, actually, but not voiced.All in all great game, highly recommend. Hope you can find it in your heart to let Ys 6 into your life."
,Recommended,312540,16007148,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,PSOCecil,"Another excellent Ys game from Falcom, with another great translation from XSeed. Ys VI grabbed the Zelda-esque gameplay from the Japan-exclusive Ys V, and made it 3D, and improved it in many ways.Visually, Ys VI uses a strange Donkey Kong Country-esque rendering style for the character sprites, which hasn't aged that well, in all honesty. Unlike the PS2 version, which used polygons for the characters, the PC version of Ys VI doesn't, nor does it reflect equipment changes on Adol's model, which is unfortunate, but easily ignored.The music is the usual high quality, catchy, upbeat tracks that Falcom is known for, with a fair amount of stand out tracks. Sound effects are what you'd expect, sword swipes, monster growls. The PS2 version's voice acting is not in this version, for better or for worse.As stated earlier, Ys VI uses the Zelda-like action style from Ys V, unlike Ys I, II, and IV. Much like 'regular' action games, you have buttons for attacking, with a combo depending on which of three swords you have equipped, a jump button, your 'magic' button, and an item use button. The item use button stands out here, as the ability to stockpile and use items wasn't in the other two Ys games of this style, Oath in Felghana or Origins. This, with the right amount of health items, makes Ys VI rather easy, if you choose to use the items. But you don't have to! XSeed added in a brand new 'catastrophe' mode, that removes the ability to stockpile or buy healing items, instead making them instant-use when you pick them up on the field. Instead of health items, a store will now sell permanent stat-growth seeds. This, obviously, radically changes the game. Also new to this PC version is the ability to fast travel between save points, which is very welcome.The story is more or less what you'd expect from an Ys title. Basic enough, just there to give protagonist Adol Christin a reason to save the day and adventure.Ultimately, while not as good as Ys: Oath in Felghana, Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim is still better than Ys Origin, though all three are very easily recommended.  Now, XSeed, Ys Seven and Ys: Memories of Celceta PC ports when?"
,Recommended,312540,30284653,Posted: 2 March,all,Da Killah Genius,"YS games are GoldenI have nothing bad to say about this game, fun & challenging like Zelda.10 outta 10 #Classic"
76561198025980821,Recommended,312540,16982276,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RawShank,"Previously available on PS2(2005) and PSP(2006) in western shores, it is finally available for pc (Steam & GOG) for our enjoyment. So what's in the package:ProsGreat music3D models replaced with 2D sprite models (excludes some boss fights)Good combatNo recovery time when hit (keeps you on edge imo)Nightmare + Catastrophe modeMultiple resolution settingsArtworks packed in for our viewingConsUnder certain camera angles, sprites feels awkward to look at (prone running lol).No Language selection & no VODash jumping can be a pain to pull off (easier on keyboard + mouse than controller imo)PS: Controller recommended.8.1/10"
76561198024989587,Recommended,312540,32011717,Posted: 27 May,all,Draga,"Not as polished as Oath and Origins but still a fun Ys game, even if it's one of the weaker ones. OST's still amazing as always."
,Recommended,312540,15607416,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Maan,"I have been looking forward to this game since it was announced to be coming to Steam, and I can say that it was worth the wait.  I purchased it in the morning, and didn't stop playing until I was done in the evening, and to my knowledge I have done everything in the main story (on Normal), except for one mini-boss that is not necessary to beat.The land you play in is small, so there will be a lot of traveling between points you already know.  And the fighting is easier (in my opinion) than previous Ys games.  The only grinding that I had to do, was at the end of the game and it wasn't even for experience, it was to max out the 3 upgradeable swords.  Every boss fight was pretty straight forward, and didn't pose that much of a challenge; but that's not to say they weren't enjoyable.The story is also enjoyable, albeit a little basic.  It's your simple hero washed ashore in a strange land, gets wrapped up in a potentially world changing event, and struggles to overcome adversity to overcome the challenge, thus saving the world.  I do like how it alludes to, and ties things of Ys mythos into it.Summary:  For an Ys game, I found it quite a bit easier than the others, but that doesn't detract from the fun.  Though you travel through the same small land a lot, it's still just as enjoyable as the others, and the music is just as one would expect out of the Ys series."
,Recommended,312540,15651020,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Apple Hat,"A decent game, albeit one of the weakest in the series. Ys is known for its fast paced action and challenging battles, and while this game has those, it is hindered by some poor design choices that aren't found in the other entries in the series.One of the biggest issues is the need to grind. In a fast paced action RPG, the quickest way to kill the pace of the game is to force the player to run through the same area repeatedly to gain levels, gold, or crafting material. Unfortunately on the higher difficulties you will have to grind before basically every boss if you wish to do any significant damage and not die in two to three hits. Despite the need to grind, the bosses are actually some of the easiest in the series and their only real challenge lies in the massive damage from grazed attacks if you are not properly leveled. The game also features a weapon leveling system that requires an insane amount of resources in order to max them out. To raise a weapon to level 10 it requires around 6,000 emel (the game's weapon-enhancing resource), and to raise it to 11 (the max level) the required amount jumps up to 500,000 per weapon. Grinding out that amount of resources literally takes more time than the entire rest of the game.The other big problem with the game is the terrible requirements to get some of the side items. In Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin everything was fairly easy to get or forgiving enough for you to go back if you missed something. That is not the case in Napishtim. Many of the strongest accessories are either extremely easily missable without a walkthrough or require ridiculously precise trial-and-error ""dash-jumps"" in order to reach. I never imagined that I would spend more than 10 minutes in an Ys game just trying to make a single jump, but if that's what you're into, Napishtim is the game for you.Despite these major annoyances that no other game in the series suffers from, Napishtim is still a decent game. It has a lovable cast of characters, an interesting world with NPCs that do and say new things after every story event, and a good soundtrack. The gameplay that makes Felghana and Origin so great is mostly here, albeit in a more infantile state. Overall I'd recommend this game, especially to fans of the series, but keep in mind that this is probably the weakest title to see a western release."
,Recommended,312540,15610001,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Mr. Bad Goy 88⎠⎞,"Finally I can play 2nd favorite game in the series on Steam!(Oath in Felghana is my favorite)Ys VI is the 1st game in the modern Ys, and it was the one that revived it after its 10 years of absence since Ys V and became the last of the numbered game in the series.(the 7th game is called Ys SEVEN, without the roman numbering)The story of the game takes place years after Ys V and again as like most of the game, Adol the Red visited a new region in his adventure, this time he got shipwrecked again which is something normal in his adventure. He apparently arrived in  Quatera and rescued by a tribe of elves which apparently dislike humans. As usual he's soon got convoluted in a chain of events and his adventure begins.The Ark of Napishtim is the first Ys game that uses 3D graphics in the series with a whole new style of gameplay which kept simple and fun. The game no longer use the old bumping system that was used for I, II, and IV which later the same gameplay style will be used in Oath in Felghana and Origin with slight modifications.The gameplay is a little bit more complex compared to Oath in Felghana and Origin with the fun to use sword skills that learned through upgrading and sword magic which will still be used in both later installment of the Ys series of the similar style. The other core gameplay remain the same with the 3D fast paced action with some little platformers which was founded by this game. As always, Ys series always have fun and intense boss battles.The graphic is pretty much the same level as the one that can be found in Oath in Felghana and Origin, it sure has aged pretty well, but still pretty good IMO, and it is still a good representation of what to expect from the game.The soundtrack is like anything you expect from a Falcom game. It is great as usual.Since the release back then in 2005, this version added a new mode that made this game to be played without healing items and using recovery items dropped by common monsters instead just like the later game in the series which are Oath in Felghana and Origin. Additionally the game now supports widescreen 16:9 resolutions where the old one is just a simply stretched 4:3 resolutions.tl;dr -> A great game in the series, just like what you expected it to be.p.s. -> My English isn't good, I'm practicing it now."
,Recommended,312540,15607986,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Type Zero,"Normally Adol has to cut through hoards of monsters from the size of a fist to skyscrapers with his trusty sword, but this time around he is such a BAMF that his sword breaks killing a monster that can only be killed by a special kind of material that the game has to give you three of these swords made of this material to make sure Adol isn't too awesome.Ys is a great ARPG series and this is an updated version of the original PC release of the game meaning its lacking all that extra content from the ps2/psp ports by Konami. While lacking all the cute mini games, pictures, and videos that the ports have to offer, this version includes Catastrophe mode to make it similar to other Ys entries in the series and make the game harder as a whole. In my opinion this is one of the shorter Ys games to run through, but while short and lacking those extras from the other versions, this game is still great for all those Ys fans out there and all those ARPG fans who might want to get their feet wet with the Ys series. Runs great, looks great, sounds great, plays great."
,Recommended,312540,31721420,Posted: 13 May,all,Brave Mechonis,"Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim is best described as being like Ys 1. This was their first game in this engine so not everything was well balanced, the game is kind of short, it has some really infuriating points, some bosses are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but overall the good game shines through. It is a beautiful Ys game nonetheless. This game is well worth the asking price if you are looking to invest in replay value on harder difficulties. If you are going to play it once, then wait for a sale.I'd give it an overall 9/10"
,Recommended,312540,22665034,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Doomlord,"After Ys V flopped so hard it took the franchise down with it Falcom slowed down on making original titles and went on a porting spree instead. Not counting EVEN MORE re-releases of Ys I & II fans had to wait almost a decade for the next proper Ys game. And thankfully Ys VI put the franchise back on track.STORYThree years after the events of Ys V Adol Christin is on his way to explore the mysterious Vortex of Canaan, a massive, eternally spinning vortex located far to the west of Eresia in the Atlas ocean. Along for the ride are his best friend and fan favorite Dogi The Wall-Crusher, Terra from Ys V, who got promoted from annoying brat to jailbait, as well as Captain One-Eyed Ladoc (Terra's dad) and his pirate crew. Just as they are about to enter the vortex they are ambushed by the Romun imperial fleet under the command of General Agares. A cannon blast knocks Adol overboard and he falls into the Great Vortex. After somehow surviving the raging waters he washes ashore on Quatera Island where he is found by this game's main heroines, Olha and her little sister Isha, of the native Rehda tribe. They bring our unconcious hero back to their village and nurse him back to full health. After that the game begins.The story in Ys VI is pretty good overall. It's nothing groundbreaking but it will keep you interested from start to finish. The autistic levels of worldbuilding that started with Ys Eternal are once again present here. Every single NPC in the game has something interesting to say and all of them get new lines of dialogue to reflect current events as the story progresses. The main antagonist incidentally happens to be the biggest laughing stock in the entire franchise (those who played Celceta know exactly why) and the final boss is not what most people expected back then.This game is also a cornerstone for Ys lore, so if you're one of the five guys out there (like me) who give a hoot about it there's quite a lot to learn here.GRAPHICSThis is a game from 2003, so obviously the graphics will be dated. That doesn't mean they are bad though. Aesthetically the game is quite pleasing. The environments are well designed, the character and enemy sprites are nice and varied. The bosses themselves use 3D models and I still think they look good even today.Since this is an original Falcom game that was made for PC (the PS2 version is a port) it will pretty much run perfectly even on a potato. XSEED were nice enough to add widescreen support for this release, HOWEVER be advised that the game was not made with widescreen in mind so you will see some oddities in a few places if you play it like that. None of them are gamebreaking though and they are few and far between so if you have a widescreen monitor go nuts.MUSICThe music in this game... oh dear sweet Jesus the music... After the disaster that was Ys V's soundtrack (just why?) Sound Team J.D.K. got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and went all out with this one.Ys VI's soundtrack is absolutely stellar. The opening theme alone literally explodes in your face and I still think it's one of the best openings Falcom has ever made. The rest of the music is nice and varied. You have magical overwold themes, energetic dungeon themes, soothing town themes, mad guitar shredding boss themes as well as some pretty damn good electronic themes for the locations and encounters that are of a more ""technological"" nature.I have no real complaints about the soundtrack aside from a few tiny nitpicks that are more of a personal preference than actual problems. Some instruments in a couple of tracks tend to sound a bit too high pitched for my tastes but all those tracks have already been re-arranged in later albums, so it's not really an issue.GAMEPLAYUp until this point Ys had a very interesting reception when it came to its gameplay. Ys I & II ware overhead RPGs and had a love-it or hate-it bumper cars battle system, but they were well regarded and are still praised to this day. Ys III went the Zelda II route and became an action platformer. It flopped as a result (No, children, it wasn't a good game. Before Ys V came along it was regarded as the black sheep of the series. Its only saving grace was the soundtrack and that only applied to the PC-Engine version). Ys IV went back to the style of I & II and was praised to high heaven. Ys V became an overhead hack 'n' slash and it once again flopped.So what does Ys VI do? It takes the platforming from Ys III, mixes it up with the combat of Ys V and the result is... pretty damn good... shocking isn't it?The game took the gimmicks from the above-mentioned titles and refined them quite well. Adol runs around hacking at monsters as they explode in blood and guts while doing the occasional platforming here and there. During your adventure you'll get to wield three different swords: the Wind Blade Lyvart, the Fire Blade Blirante and the Lightning Blade Ericcil. Each of them can be upgraded using an ore called Emel that drops from monsters and can be found in some chests. Upgrading them not only improves their damage output, but also unlocks unique moves and special attacks. You have several different stores where you can buy armor, shields, accessories and supplies. The best bits however are all found in treasure chests so exploring everywhere is highly recommended.The platforming is pretty standard and there isn't much I can say about it. There are a few bits in the game that require you to use a really gimmicky move called the dash jump, but they are all optional and are not required if you just want to finish the game.The original PC version was plagued with some backtracking but XSEED revamped the Wing of Alma so now you can use it to teleport to any save point you've visited before. Another new feature that comes with this release is Catastrophe Mode. What it does is make all recovery items behave like they do in Oath in Felghana and Origin so you can no longer store them and spam them even during bosses. I recommend playing the game in this mode since it fixes the one real issue I have with it.The game is easy.Okay it's not Ys V levels of easy (that game was so easy they had to re-release a more difficult version because the fans went ballistic) but it still isn't very hard. Normal difficulty is a joke. Hard and Nightmare are much better but if you have decent reflexes even they won't give you much trouble (inb4 someone goes ""b-but you d-don't h-have t-the ach-ch-chievement"" I've already done it once on PS2 and once when this got a fan translation and Geis was constantly buttmad. I just can't be arsed to do it yet again at the moment, but I'll get to it. Nightmare Catastrophe sounds really fun).Even if it's not that difficult the game is still very fun. It has some flaws here and there but this is also Falcom's first 3D Ys game, so they were still trying to figure things out. The next game vastly improved upon the formula and also compensated for the low difficulty (AND BOY DID IT COMPENSATE but I'll save that story for when I finally get around to writing a review about it).TL;DRThis is the definitive version of Ys VI, the PSP port is garbage and while the PS2 port has a few extra things in it's not really worth it (I'd say more on the topic but word limit). Even though it's the first 3D Ys game and as a result is a little rough around the edges it's still a very good game. If you're an Ys fan you already have this. If you like action RPGs I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,312540,15616473,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Aleth,"Forget the PS2 version from Konami and the version on PSP, this is the true original version upgraded with features that were on those two consoles. In fact, this is the final and best version of Ys VI.Catastrophe Mode is a real challenge for those seeking for real Ys gameplay (no healing items!). Musics are cool (although not as good as the other Ys on steam, I'd admit). Graphics are pretty much the same as Felghana, and you have three elemental swords to vary your gameplay. I need to warn you about the real difficulty of the base game. Sometimes, it feels like a metroidvania : you're moving too far away from your objective, and you get instakill because monsters, there, don't even love you a little bit.So, it's a must have for every Ys Lover around here, and newcomers to the serie !"
,Recommended,312540,15611273,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Arisu Rbit,Another good game in my collection! Waiting for Ys: Seven now!
,Recommended,312540,15608909,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,hektonian,"Ys IV: The Ark of Napishtim is not for the casual player as there is no instant gratification to be found anywhere. It is a toned-down spiritual inheritor of the super hard games of the 80's and 90's where you die an uncountable number of times and the harder modes drive you to near insanity.Some things, such as heal items (that cannot be used in Catastrophe mode), can be used during during boss battles to make things easier for you, but if you do not farm/grind, practise, and analyze every enemy you come across you're going to have a hard time ahead of you.There are also a number of things hidden in such ways that you have to backtrack and look for alternative ways and routes using the items and equipment you've gathered along the way. This leads to a LOT of time being consumed by just traversing between dungeons, which has been mitigated to an extent by an item you acquire fairly early in the game.Also, don't let that MIDI -like opening video (which is awesome, IMHO) deceive you. The soundtrack is Falcom -quality; Awesome and grandeur as ever. It fits, or rather, creates the atmosphere to fit the storyline and dungeons wonderfully.All in all, if you're looking for a challenge with a great soundtrack, and a good (albeit a tad generic) story, this game is for you.EDIT(s): Grammar fixes because I no ingles good"
,Recommended,312540,16366808,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sarysa,"Like other entries in the Ys series, YS VI: The Ark of Napishtim has fun action RPG gameplay, albeit with somewhat level-locked gameplay like typical Ys games. The music's entertaining, memorable, and motivational. What separates this one from the others on steam is that Adol has the ability to jump. It's mainly used for combat, with the downward thrust move being a very common requirement to kill certain enemies. Adol also gets a number of other moves, including a triple combo, sword-specific attacks, an upward whirlwind attack, and a somewhat difficult to execute lunge attack. Top it off with sword-specific magic spells and you have a huge upgrade from previous Ys titles.The storyline is also pretty strong -- it's not as story rich as Nihon Falcom's The Legend of Heroes franchise, but there's a lot more going on as you unravel the mystery of the archipelago you're trapped on. As is common with Ys games, there are few towns and overall few people, but more emphasis on individual character. Even throwaway NPCs have unique avatars and behaviors, and regularly have something new to say. It's one of those RPGs you may find yourself running around talking to everyone (even twice) after completing a dungeon.Like other Nihon Falcom games, you get so many save slots that you probably won't need them all. So you're free to save before pretty much every gameplay or story moment and revisit it at any time. More games should be doing this.My complaints about this game are really minor. Like a lot of these ports, there are occasional graphical glitches on the edges for widescreen users. (which is almost everyone as of 2015) The lunge attack is infamously hard to execute, which is only an issue since it's attached to a long jump which is used to get certain treasures. Finally, I twice got a glitch where the sprites and/or particle effects would just go crazy and had to restart...but haven't had any crashes yet. Both glitches happened when entering a new area and fortunately a save point was nearby and usable. Xseed has had a good track record with stability with all their ports, so this is only a minor blemish.Go ahead and pick up this one. Enough people pick this up and we'll be sure to get Ys Seven ported over as well."
,Recommended,312540,23921256,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mraureliusr,"I was introduced to the Ys series via Memories of Celceta on my PS Vita. I was just absolutely blown away at how great the gameplay was! The characters were interesting, and I put a huge number of hours into it. I am also playing it through again, which goes to show how great a game it is.Then my brother told me that it was one from a series -- a long series. I immediately picked up Ys: The Oath in Felghana, and was slightly disappointed. The difficulty was way off, I thought. Super difficult, as there are no healing items. EDIT: I've been playing Felghana again. Play Ys: Origin first if you have trouble with it, then come back and it'll be a lot easier!So, I decided to pick up Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim. This game is *every bit as good as Memories of Celceta*! I cannot stress this enough. This game is just fabulous. I'm not quite finished it, but I can almost guarantee I will be playing it again. Playing this game made me also pick up Ys: Origin and Ys Chronicles: I & II. Origin is amazing as well, though I haven't had a chance to play the first two games yet.Having played Celceta first, the plot items that link all the games together had me excited. I absolutely love when a series like this reference each other, and actually reveal the answers to questions you had about the other games in the series.The gameplay in this game is somewhat similar to Celceta, though you only control Adol. Like Celceta, Dogi doesn't make an appearance, which is apparently disappointing to fans of the series, but because I've yet to play one of the games where he is featured prominently, it doesn't bother me much. The hack'n'slash is excellent. I've been playing the game with the Steam Controller, and I have the layout set up perfectly. The controls might feel too simplistic at first, but trust me -- once you get further into the game, it really opens up and becomes challenging yet fun.I'm far from a fan of games that are extremely difficult right off the bat. Felghana totally failed me in this respect, but Napishtim has the perfect blend of frustrating challenge and sheer dominance to make it endlessly entertaining.Pick it up now while it's on sale!"
,Recommended,312540,16520476,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lancer,"Definitely a must have for Action RPG fans. Classic Ys art style. If you're a fan of the series or just getting into it, I definitely recommend. Plus, with Nightmare and Catastrophe Mode, this game gets really hardcore. I absolute loved it!~"
,Recommended,312540,15693405,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,That Guy,"Another Ys game, another milliongame overshours of fun!If you've played an Ys game before, you should know what to expect. If you havent, GET ON THAT. In fact, this would be a great starting place.Many say that this game's mechanics are inferior to Oath in Felghana and Origin, but I think they are moreso just different in most regards.The different abilites/playstyles of the three swords in this game really set it apart from the other Ys games and I feel would warrant a playthrough on their own.Sure, Dash Jumping is a pain in the keister, but you don't need it much.Honestly if you're a fan of Ys, then you should give this game a try as the story, music, and mechanics more than make up for the simpler fighting style.And of course, the addition of Catastrophe Mode provides a fantastic challenge for all you Ys experts out there. It is a great game that should not be missed just because it's a little less polished."
,Recommended,312540,15606797,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NieR;Kernel,"Is it wrong that I bought this game almost solely for the music?EDIT:No but seriously. I have played this game on the ps2 and replaying it on PC is as good as ever. Great, simple and fun gameplay, memorable main character and fantastic music. Did I like this game as much as Ys origin and Ys oath in felghana? Not really, it has some flaws which they fixed up in Ys origin and Ys oath in felghana, such as replayability. Otherwise there is only small complaints which doesn't make the game any worse. But it is worth buying for all Ys and action-rpg fans.9/10 and I really recommend checking out the Ys Origin and Ys oath in felghana because the Ys games are one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,312540,32554544,Posted: 18 June,all,kouhei,"If you love ARPG, you will definitely find the YS series an appealing source of Single Players ARPG. Sometime I prefer to play Solo and YS series as always been there to cover my ARPG needs. Games are fluids story is alright and most importantly the combat require a decent amounts of skills, albeit when you fight boss.In additions you get to choose the level of difficulty you want to play, I personally always play Nightmare as I see no reason to play lower."
,Recommended,312540,33351289,Posted: 7 July,all,Helevorn,"Graphics and controls are great, even if I liked more the gameplay of the first games of the Ys series.Anyways, a good story and the trademark one-hero Ys are here, you can't bump anymore into enemies and NPCs but you have to mash the attack button and (this of course is a new feature if you played only the first games of the series) since you can jump you can use both buttons to create various attacks. It's definitely an action JRPG which has no space for turn-based combat, and although I prefer the first chapters even this one is great and worth to be played :)"
76561198007471259,Recommended,312540,29044765,Posted: 5 January,all,Adrian,"You get what you expect from an Ys game... outdated but charming graphics, a lot of boss battles, where grinding helps a lot of getting stronger and beating them easily with time, and a bit more story than expected (=good), so I was quite happy with this little RPG. Not as good as Ys Origin, but worth when discounted. Easier than some of the previous titles. 7.5/10."
76561198034093619,Recommended,312540,16205137,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Lux,"Even though it shows in the gameplay that this is the first of the 3D Y´s games, this is still a very solid game that no one that has enjoyed other Y´s games should miss!"
,Recommended,312540,19353166,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wienna🐺,"This is the best Ys Game available for Steam. The world is quite large compared to Oath of Felghana and there are plenty of places to explore. The bosses are difficult as always in these games, and they get even more insanely difficult as you go furhter in. I had so much fun exploring the islands of Canaan i also like the upgrade system very much. The final that I love about this is that this game allows you carry healing items, which was one of the most annoying things about the other games, expeciallyy Ys Origin. If you are a Ys fan, you should pick this one up."
,Recommended,312540,15613715,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cid_Highwind,"If you played Ys: The Oath in Felghana or Ys Origin first, play it in Catastrophe mode.That makes it play similar to those titles.It has a great soundtrack, great atmosphere, great story, and really good gameplay.But I wouldn't give it a 10/10, maybe a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,312540,15717624,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jack Dandy,"More Ys goodness. Fast paced action-RPG with great bosses, addictive gameplay, and memorable music.This one came out before Oath in Felghana and Origin, but has the most unique atmosphere of all of them.The game design is also a bit more... ""old school"" in approach - it's kind of hard to put in words, but it's still tons of fun, especially with the new Catastrophe mode.Grab it and have fun!"
,Recommended,312540,15603243,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ALTHiR,"Amazing. It's the word that describes this game the best. Soundtrack, gameplay, boss battles... As a fan of YS series, I cannot stop telling you how awesome this game is. I myself own japanese version already and have beaten this game and spent hours and hours on it. 15,29€ is not bad price for a good game with loads of replay value. Try it!"
,Recommended,312540,15881902,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Silence,"If you've played Ys: Oath in Felghana or Ys: Origins and liked them, you'll definitely like this one. The gameplay is like the last two (though this game was the one that inspired those title's gameplay mechanics) and there is a lot of action, item finding, gold/xp/emel grinding, and silly, but insanely deadly hidden bosses.- Gameplay: This game is a fun action-based platformer. Again, if you liked Oath and Origins, you'll like this. That said, Oath and Origins were based off of Ys 6's gameplay, so those games did perfect what Ys 6 tried to do.- Graphics: This game definitely shows its age (it was made many moons ago) and a lot of it is a mix of 2D and 3D sprites/models/maps. Its not bad looking, but it could look better.- Content: I would say it does not have as much as Oath or Origins, but it has enough to satisfy you and give you some hours worth of entertainment.- The story itself isn't too bad as it will pull you in and keep you interested, much like the other Ys titles.The one thing I really wish this game was Alma's Trials as those dungeons were fun and it did help with the level grinding, especially after level 50. I am glad, however, we were spared the awful voice acting of the PS2 version, lol.All in all, this game is a pretty good game. Ys 6 got me into the series when I played it on the PS2. I'm really glad people are porting these titles to Steam. The Ys games are basically hidden RPG gems that have provided me countless hours of entertainment. If you are looking for a fun action RPG that will satisfy your inner platformer/grinder and/or you liked previous Ys titles, pick this game up today!"
,Recommended,312540,28098279,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ham'taro Adun,"A pretty fun action RPG. If you're a fan of Ys, you'll still like this one. Though it is worth pointing out that this game DID come out before The Oath in Felghana or Origin, so it doesn't play as good. Keep in mind that it isn't nearly as fast-paced or over-the-top as the other two.If you've never played an Ys game before, I'd definitely recommend this one as a starting point. It's far more forgiving and easier to get into than the other Ys games on Steam. Definitely check it out."
76561197998932812,Recommended,312540,15600952,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Boogeyman,"good action RPG and one of my favourite seriesedit:pos:-another part of the Ys story (for fans)-good combat which inspired the more famous Ys-games-good music-story is ok and adds new informations to Ys origins characterscons:-it's much about farming (like all Ys games) but in this game, 1 level can really make a diffrence between no chance of winning and a fair combat, so thats felt kinda wrong"
,Recommended,312540,21994589,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Oscar The Grouch [CP],"Oh how lucky we are that Falcom and XSEED have been so good as to release (largly) all of the Ys PC releases on Steam.This is another quiet little Gem of a game.  The consistently excellent game play, music, and charm inherent to the Ys series are once again top notch and wrapped up in a tight little package that will scratch your Action RPG itch with refined precision.This was the first of the Ys games to use this game engine (along with Oath in Felghana and Origins), but it was the last to be released on Steam by XSEED.  It's therefore interesting approaching this game after having already played through the other two in the trilogy.  Where I can definitely notice some differences in the pacing and mechanics that were improved upon in subsequent releases, this game more than makes up for its shortcomings in inspiration and drive.  This, after all, was the first Ys game to have been produced in eight years by the time of its release, and passion and effort put into this game is palpable.  It's fun, inspired, light-hearted, and runs smooth as silk.  It's also interesting to note the subtle connections between games story-wise after having played all of the Steam releases. XSEED also implemented some minor game play changes exclusively for this release that I can't imagine having gone without, being able to warp around the map being chief among them.I become more of a Falcom fan every day, and I am saddened in that this is the last PC release left available on Steam as of yet.  Here's hoping we can get some adaptations of the Chinese PC releases of Memories of Celceta and Ys Seven (however unlikely).  Great job Falcom.  Great job XSEED.  Thank you for not letting this one slip through the cracks.About 13 hours.  Use a frame limiter to limit the frame rate to exactly 60 to eliminate input lag.  Don't worry about over leveling if you play on normal.  I ruined some of the signature Ys challenge by doing so (not a problem/possible in the other two games on normal)."
76561198160868511,Recommended,312540,26726737,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent port of the original PS2 game,highly raccomanded to fans of japanese RPGs and hack'n slash action games."
,Recommended,312540,26208777,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Luisfius,"No bumping in this Ys.Fantastic action  RPG, as per Falcom tradition.Pretty neat spritework,  but it definitely needs one to check the options and configure the controls, since there is no way to alter the controls ingame, which is slightly annoying.If you like  fun action  RPGs with a bit of PS1/PS2 flavor as  well as fantastically rocking soundtracks, you cannot go wrong with this Ys.But if the only other Ys you have played is 1 (or 1 and 2 since they  come in the same package)  be warned that there is no bumping in this one."
,Recommended,312540,30605016,Posted: 18 March,all,Danger1300,Haven't bought this game yet? DO ET!ProsLOVE the combat and simplicity of the game. The storyline is interesting as well.ConsDASH JUMPS I HATE YOU SO MUCH.
,Recommended,312540,34903969,Posted: 12 September,all,ΆÇЌιƴ ŠȎƗōƝÅ,"10/10 Must have for all JRPG fans!Peace, brothers!"
76561198133230864,Recommended,312540,21167873,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TechnoShindo,Awesome Soundtrack [✓]Intense Boss Battles [✓]Bad guy being a dude with black wings [✓]And a f***** fire sword [✓]No YS 7 tho 10/10
76561198100856137,Recommended,312540,21542207,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,meginb,"TL;DR: I'm not sure why but... I liked this one better than Oath in Felghana despite multple rage moments on 3 of the many bosses and 2 hours of learning how to dash jump to a undersized platform for a single item that wasn't a necessity...Yay for more tower climbing!But go for Ys I&II or Origins to start off the series.[Difficulty - good]: All of the Ys games have a pretty good balance of doable, takes a few tries and OMG WHY?!? fights. BUT, learning to dash jump is the hardest thing you will likely have to deal with. The final boss was a bit anticlimactic  compared to fights and areas in the rest of the game.[Story - average]: So Ark of Napishtim didn't answer my question from Oath in Felghana about what's up with Adol and Dogi traveling together... maybe I just forgot a passing remark made by Dogi in I&II that he wants to tag along... As for Ark of Napishtim's story, there might be even less to tell about it than Oath in Felghana's except that it manages to tie into the previous games at the end.[Characters - average]: It felt like there was less going on in the lives of the NPC's other than what was happening in the main plot but at least the jerkface causing the trouble in this one wasn't as grating on the nerves as the jerkface in Oath in Felghana. Also Adol is finally acknowledged as a force to be reckoned with when it comes to climbing ancient towers to stop all-powerful beings bent on destroying the world.[Graphics - average]: This rating is pretty much the same for the other Falcom games, I love the old graphics but some people don't.[Music - excellent]: I have yet to play a Falcom game with bad or boring music.[Combat - good]: It's pretty much the same system as Origins and Oath in Felghana. Although I noticed that the magic didn't feel all that helpful until you got 2-3 of the magic swords. I did find it a bit repetitive that most enemies were weakest to spamming jump+downward thrust combos... very rarely did I have to use some other combo.[Length - average]: It's only 10-12 hours long, about the same as Oath in Felghana... except for the time you may end up spending on learning to dash jump.[Replayability - bad]: Other than doing different difficulties, speedruns or getting all the achievements... there's not that much reason to replay it.Dash Jump Advice for mouse & keyboard users like myself:Press a directional key but don't hold it, then press the jump and attack keys at the same time. There has to be a slight pause between the direction press and the jump/attack press. Timing between pressing the directional key and the jump/attack keys is crucial and it does take some practice."
76561198030748605,Recommended,312540,17743012,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Spire™,"Although this Ys game is the first to use the engine, it is still very good because of how unique the mechanics are. Instead of using and charging up magic, you obtain swords that have magic embedded into them. You need to do something different when handling a different sword in order to take advantage of the magic: one requires you to rhythmically attack in order to perform a whirlwind attack repeatedly, one lets you charge up attacks to send out a fire trail (although the fire trail is really tiny, it is very useful), and one allows you to mash attack as fast as you can in order to utilize an electric dash forward. All the swords also have a different special attack that can be used when a gauge is filled from hitting things and taking damage (also you can get a regeneration upgrade later).The soundtrack in this game is nothing to write home about, but it is not bad either. It is just very limited when compared to the variety of instruments used in the later games' OSTs.The bosses are very easy when compared to bosses in The Oath in Felghana and Origin. In fact, the only boss that is likely to give you trouble in a nightmare playthrough is the first boss because you have no magic.9/10.Play this one through Nightmare on your first playthrough for the best experience. Seriously, the game is extremely easy on Normal and Hard because there is no Very Easy or Easy this time around."
,Recommended,312540,26538961,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Great PART of YS seriesPROS+Elemental Weapons+Elemental Skills+Catastrophe mode+Various Difficulty settings+Great Battle System+Pretty neat dungeons+Great Story+SUPERB soundtrackCONS-Even though the battle system is great,it's a bit slower comparing to the newer parts (YS:OIF aka YS3 remake,YSO),but that's due to the YS6 being a bit older,than they are,so it's a bit slower after playing YS3,like i did=)))-Final boss is such a lackster,even on NIGHTMAREGreat part of YS series,which is set new standards for the new games in the series,everyone should play it,it's hardcore,fun,it has great Soundtrack,buy it=)))"
,Recommended,312540,15667566,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DarkTezza,"First time playing this game, I played Ys Seven as my very first YS Game, and i thought wow. but ever since then i got addicted. This one is even better. Story is great, Upgrading weapons is great, the Music is absolutely fantastic. If you like Fast paced battles, awesome soundtrack, Nice boss battles. then i would definitely recommend this :)."
,Recommended,312540,33878752,Posted: 29 July,all,Ikagura,"This game isn't the best of the Ys serie nor the action-RPG genre but if you enjoy challenging action JRPGs with great musics and boss fights take it. I also recommend to play this game before Ys: The Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin (the later two are using the same engine with more gameplay elements, being out times later than this game)."
,Recommended,312540,18167350,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Codelizard,"It's not as good as the other 3D Ys games (Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin), I'm going to be honest about that. This is due to it being the first-ever 3D Ys game, and even though this is a remake, it still carries a lot of the unfortunate baggage of the original, in the form of brutally difficult boss fights (which you are expected to survive by having a lot of healing items on-hand) and some required grinding. But it could be worse, and the grinding is only -really- bad at the very end of the game, where you *need* to get one of your swords to max level to do anything more than chip damage to the final set of bosses, which requires 100,000 emel. You get that much, but you probably need to spend it on your armor first, so you still need to get 100,000 by grinding in the final screens.That aside, it's still an enjoyable game and a good remake of another installment in the Ys franchise. A single run on Normal that missed only a few items but saw the majority of the content took me 10 hours - so you might want to wait for it to go on sale first unless you intend to replay it. To that end, it does have multiple difficulty levels and 'catastrophe mode' which is truer to the other 3D remakes where healing items can't be carried around."
76561197982171878,Recommended,312540,15605821,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Thorin181,People know I love this series.  Of course I'm going to recommend it!
76561198086813037,Recommended,312540,15789009,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,chapsy2010,"Another solid entry in the Ys series on the PC courtesy of XSeed.  This time players are treated to the first entry that utilized the engine found in Oath in Felghana and Origins, respectively.While some of the mechanics are dated compared those two titles, this game is still very memorable in its own right.  3 different, upgradable swords with different abilities that also aid in exploration of the islands you're marooned on enhance the combat appeal, and there are plenty of treasures and relics to find throughout the game world.  Speaking of, the islands of Canaan have a wonderful feel to them and add some great ambiance to your adventuring.  The music is also nicely tuned to match the areas you're in and get you in the mood to explore.  I do admit that while some of the tunes in this game are not as catchy to me as in the other games, they are still very well done and indicative of classic Falcom composition.Add in the fact that this game (along with most other Ys titles) can run on a toaster of a computer, and you have a solid entry that should attract any JRPG or Action RPG fan.  Highly recommended!"
76561198084467284,Recommended,312540,16177825,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Blokus,"Everything I loved:-Slick, action-packed combat-No load screens (and if there were, I didn't notice)-The 3 swords and the upgrading system-Open-world mechanics and grinding-SOUNDTRACK-Character design-XSeed nailed it-The environments and level design-Unless youre playing on a loaf of bread, ANY computer can run this at top fpsWhat needed work:-The configuration screen that launches separately-The oversimplified equipment system"
,Recommended,312540,15657582,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Vernery,5/5
76561198156724515,Recommended,312540,15636639,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rochmustang,"Ahhh.....One of my FAVORITE Ys games comes to Steam. YAY! Thank you Xseed and Falcom.This game is like Oath In Felghana only toned down due to it being released prior. It was a stepping stone to OIF. However I find the areas of exploration more appealing than OIF as well as the story. Although a very short game, its extremely fun and addictive just as all Ys games are. The only thing missing that would have improved the PC version would be Alma's trials which are found in the PS2 version and also the voice acting but Im sure Konami has all the rights to that so it is minor.And I must say the only gripe I have with Falcom is that they have made a fantastic series over the years, but on TOO MANY PLATFORMS. They are finally stepping in the right direction by putting ALL of their current and re-released games on one platform - Steam. All that is MISSING to complete our collection now is Ys 7 and Ys: Memories of Celceta. Ys 7 is on PC I believe in China. Xseed please release this on Steam. And who knows about Celceta?!?!?  I have a PSTV stricktly to play Ys Memories of Celceta but it is NOT compatible with PSTV. How VERY disappointing. And Im not going out and buying a PSVita just for this!Listen to us Xseed and Falcom! We (Ys fanatics) want a COMPLETE set of Ys games on ONE platform!!!A step in the right direction by putting Ys 6 on Steam. Thank you =)"
,Recommended,312540,15657880,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Intoxicatious,"Mostly how I remember it on PS2 even though this is the PC version. It lacks the voice acting from the PS2 version, but some people might find that a better fit for Ys. This is a very good game. Buy it if you like the Ys series, Secret of Mana, or any SNES Action RPG."
,Recommended,312540,15660764,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ZuraZawa,This is my first Ys game and so far Im in love! I quick review would be (though im only 2.5 hrs in) a more linear Zelda with faster Combat and In place of puzzles an engaging Story with interesting characters and dialogue! Also with the combat the impact of the kill on enemies feels real good!On top of that a killer soundtrack (the reason I checked out this game in the first place)!Just listen to the song that greets you in the first village you visit!https://youtu.be/INrL2HpolWM?list=PL824FB87D703BA1CA
,Recommended,312540,29177754,Posted: 10 January,all,Georgeman9000,"Now I can attack by pressing buttons!That aside, three blades provide slightly different fighting style, enough to motivate you into using three of them. But in the end, the red one is the most effective, so that's going to be your main. That's my first gripe, because while some bosses (boss fights are great) really forces you to use different blades, a lot of normal enemies are just fine with red sword--to be more precise, the down stab with red sword. My second gripe is the lack of fire magic, or any kind of distance attack, but it does make some enemy encounters much more interesting, so I'm willing to let it pass. Overall, the enemies are varied enough and your attacks are varied enough; it's just that the most effective attacks never ceases to be effective.Dash jumps. Dash jumps are actually not that bad. It takes a while to get used to the specific timing to trigger it, but once you do, you can pull it off relatively easily. The problem is the platforms, especially that ♥♥♥♥ing pillar in the Ruins of Lost Time. Unless you have a platforming mechanic that is as good as Mario, don't do something like this ♥♥♥♥ing pillar. Especially when you have a fixed perspective camera like in this game.I'd say this game is really fun, minus the ♥♥♥♥ing pillars. Thank the goddess that pillar section isn't mandatory.Music is still great; if that pillar section has its own epic music, since it deserves one for being such a massive pain, I might've let it go.But it doesn't. So this game gets would-screw-elf-sisters-again-but-those-♥♥♥♥ing-pillars-tho/10."
,Recommended,312540,32789211,Posted: 25 June,all,Strouff99,Different but enjoyable...
76561198006728688,Recommended,312540,33124017,Posted: 2 July,all,Maverick,"Genuinly impressed, a great story combined with solid controls and a brilliant JRPG levelling system, I enjoy this game more than I enjoyed Final Fantasy 15, no joke.The camera angle can make combat a bit random, but once you get used to it, it is fine.9/10, well done."
,Recommended,312540,25876795,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Professor Icepick,"[Disclosure: I played Ys VI prior to playing either Oath in Felghana and Origins, so my opinions may be different from those who played the games as they were released on Steam, rather than by their original release dates. Prior to playing Ys VI, I had played Ys I & II Chronicles+ (PC), Ys: Books I & II (TurboGrafx-CD), Ys III: Wanderers from Ys (TGCD), Ys IV: Mask of the Sun (Super Famicom), Ys IV: The Dawn of Ys (PC Engine CD) and Ys V: Kefin, Lost City of Sand (SFC).]Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim was the first new game released in the series since 1995's Ys V. Napishtim follows the same design decisions that its predecessor did: keeping the classic overhead perspective that the majority of classic Ys games had (with the exception of Wanderers from Ys - which was more of a side-scroller) but ditching the ""run-and-bump"" battle system for a more traditional hack-and-slash system (akin to games like Crystalis or The Legend of Zelda), along with little platforming elements (not unlike Link's Awakening). But while Ys V was clunky even for its time, VI manages to refine these gameplay elements into something both functional and more evocative of the Ys games of yore.Ys VI starts with our hero Adol the Red shipwrecked on the Canaan Islands and found by Olha, the priestess of the Rehda Clan, a tribe of natives with elfin features. The Rehda clan are currently embroiled in a conflict with a colony of humans, cast away to these islands by the same storn that brought Adol here. Of course, as typical of the Ys games, there are many ancient relics to find, the most important of which being the titular Ark of Napishtim.The graphics are dated (even by 2003's standards), but functional. The Ys series is well-known for their killer soundtracks and Ark of Napishtim lives up to those standards. My personal favorite tracks are ""Mighty Obstacle"" (the common boss theme), ""Mountain Zone"" (Grana-Vallis Mountain), ""Windslash Steps"" (one of the overworld themes) and what is probably my favorite song in the game, ""The Ruined City ""Kishgal"""".If you're not familiar with the Ys series, I'd probably say to start with Ys I & II Chronicles+ and then pick this one up. If you've only played that game, then this is a perfect choice to continue on. If, however, you've already played Oath in Felghana and Origin, I'm not sure if I could recommend this one to you. I think it's a fun game regardless, but I'd only suggest playing Ark of Napishtim if you keep in mind that it was originally released BEFORE those two games (2003 vs. 2005/2006)  -- and by extension, is a bit more primitive by comparison."
,Recommended,312540,15963034,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Usagi,I own this game on the PS2 that I bought years ago. I fell in love with the game then and I'm falling in love with it again with this version on Steam.
,Recommended,312540,15737689,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SkewedKarma,"""There are so many reasons why I shouldn't like Ys VI, the weird thing is that I just keep on playing. It's not because I'm particularly interested in the story. I've never been a fan of walls of text in games and I've not played any of the Ys games before so don't really know or care about the characters or the lore. It isn't that the combat mechanics are exciting, they're not. Jumping downward stab, jumping slash, one button sword combo and a hold button hard hit. Jumping figures quite strongly since it appears to immunise you to all attacks. It could be because the enemies are interesting and imaginative and they are. But I think the thing that keeps me playing Ys VI is the boss fights!""More:http://www.games4days-review.com/2015/05/ys-vi-ark-of-napishtim-review.html"
76561198190307011,Recommended,312540,15916849,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Xade Moonlight,"Ys VI: The Ark of Napistim is pure jrpg magic.  It mix's zelda and final fantasy gameplay for one of the best games ever made, and mind you it mix's the best parts.  So if you want a good throwback game to remind you of when games were at there best.(nes - playstation 2).10/10"
,Recommended,312540,15958449,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,I played this once its out in PC japanese and played it for the second time when its translated by fans in PC and the third time on my PSP and the forth time once its released in steam i love YS series the est JRPG EVER
,Recommended,312540,15791526,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Cyber Bully,
,Recommended,312540,15800359,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Count Talcula,"Yet another shore to wash up on, yet another maiden to rescue, yet another dark god to kill, yet another Ys game. Of all the ones released on Steam, this is my least favorite. Ys games have always been grindy, but this is a step above. I grind, and I grind, until I'm only just strong to beat the boss, then I grind some more and now I can 2 shot bosses with magic?The feeling of getting stronger in Ys is a numbers game. Do you do 0 damage, and the enemy does 200? Find a new gear and level up three times. Now your damage numbers are equal. Level up a few more times and now your numbers are 200 and that old monster does 0. It's always been this way, but skill only matters at that mid point where your numbers are equal. Youcannotdefeat monsters that are a level above you, and vice versa for monsters you're a level above. Games shouldn't offer you weapons that require huge grind investments if, once you get them, you're too high leveled for any boss the game throws your way. My higher numbers shouldn't completely overwhelm the previously unkillable boss, just make it marginally easier.Three out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ) ( )"
,Recommended,312540,15649866,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Makin,"The worst of the modern Ys games on Steam, but Ys is amazing so that doesn't mean much. Still recommending it."
76561198065807058,Recommended,312540,15786344,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,BuddyLuv324,"Although this version of Ys 6 is missing the Alma Trials, lacks voiceovers and character models are mostly in 2d sprites ( except for the bosses) this Steam version is arguably the definitive version of the three thanks in part to the updated HD graphics, the ability to warp to checkpoints and the ""Catastrophe Mode."" XSEED was also nice enough to keep the original anime opening for the game as oppose to the CG opening, which is thankfully cut for this version. While not quite one of Adol's grandest adventures, this game did help set the gameplay foundation for future titles in the series and should not be missed by Ys fans or action RPG fans.Pros:-Music is memorable and matches well with the different areas within the game-Fast and straightforward 3 sword action gameplay-Challenging difficulty with the option for harder settings for those looking to do time/no death runs-Boss fights for the most part are fun and require different approachesCons:-The overall game world feels small and limited-Final boss was anti-climatic and somewhat on the easy side-Replayability is thin, no Alma's Trials"
76561198154586613,Recommended,312540,15645115,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SwegaGenesis,Fantastic game need Memories of Celceta next :)
,Recommended,312540,15702260,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,dragon_blade,Another excellent ys title. Just as a note you do not really need to play them in story order I only say that because ys V is still not officialy translated yet  ... oh well i am sure we will get it one of these days.Onto the game It is your average action rpg unlike the older titles it does not use the bump system thankfully. It's simple button mashing fun like arpgs (action role playing games)  should be.The music is once again amazing a ys game will never let you down for that. This is one of my favoriteshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DfzxdyfRO4The leveling system is the same as other ys games if monsters are kicking your butt then you need to level grind and or power up your wepons get better armor ect.  The only gripe i have with the game is the bloody dash jump i can't for the life of me get it to work Xseed should be nice enough to have a single button for it. It is basicaly the same as a double jump it will allow you to reach high areas.I wontsay anything much about the story but it is pretty decent and will get your hooked. There are no really omg moments thoguh so dont expect anything suprising.I only take away 1 point because of the dash jump ....9/10
76561198144646326,Recommended,312540,15960546,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Pibe,"This game is a hidden gem, i simply love it and hope those Action-RPG fans can come along on the ride with this amazing game.It deserves a 11/10"
,Recommended,312540,15907556,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,LawfulGeek,It’s sometimes hard to forget that Ys VI was the first to deliver the now polished gameplay of Felghana and Origin. It’s extremely fun and addictive but part of the joy evaporates when you have to grind for levels and emel. The plot isn’t really deep but it does offer some interesting insight into the overall Ys lore.Read the full review on The Mental Attic!http://thementalattic.com/2015/05/19/review-ys-vi-the-ark-of-napishtim/
76561198092047106,Recommended,312540,33352470,Posted: 7 July,all,Chill,Awesome oldschool game. part dungeon crawler part rpg.
,Recommended,312540,15715457,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Chamassa,"To start: This is another Ys game.. If you didn't like the others, you will not like this one!It's yet another excellent, polished up port of the old psp/ps2 era releases, well worth your money if your into JRPG's.The story is fine by itself, but to truly understand it, you should probably have played the previous games aswell!"
76561198212288785,Recommended,312540,24028964,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,EternalArtCulture,"Ys VI: The Ark of NapishtimThis was the first game in the series that I played back when I had a working PS2 at my disposal. The steam verison is still fun. Catastrophe mode was a nice touch. I do miss the voice acting a little bit (just a little...).I would recommend this game to gamer who doesn't mind grinding, as a player has to during parts of the game especially in nightmare mode."
,Recommended,312540,20916568,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spider3,"I really like it so far. I played YS Origin and finished, but even if it was ""ok"" was pretty repetitive whole story in just a Tower. YS4 got better gfx, very nice music, good plot and interesting characters  - it runs smoothly and bugs-free. A very good action JRPG, i wonder why so few people bought/reviewed it. Ok that is an old game/porting but definitely deserves support if we want more JRPGs on steam!"
,Recommended,312540,31544118,Posted: 4 May,all,Haroon,"Great game! Highly recommended. If you're having a difficult time on a boss fight. Remember to swap weapons (To see if it's more effective), or upgrade weapons (To make them stronger)!"
,Recommended,312540,20486026,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,it's always the black winged dude who ruins your games
,Recommended,312540,19891205,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,"Uni, student in Sumisora.",In a word: highly recommend.
,Recommended,312540,15697422,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Chloelol,"Another Ys game featuring Adol ""The Mother♥♥♥♥ing Red"" Christin!Go around stabbing monsters and jumping over a ♥♥♥♥♥on of magical bullets as the bad♥♥♥♥♥red-haired adventurer.If you are a Masochist and love banging your head into digital-walls, then you need to buy this amazing game. And once you complete this game on Nightmare Difficulty, maybe you'll be as bad♥♥♥♥♥as Adol Christin, Maybe."
,Recommended,312540,15735800,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Van Geaux,"My childhood all over again. I died 3 times in the first 30 minutes and I enjoyed the deaths. Since there is no unnecessary turorial, I learned how to kill certain monster with each death. Weird, but I think that this is one of the best feature of the game. You got to learn, and you'll get a feeling of accomplishment when you succeed."
76561198125719175,Recommended,312540,25853581,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,renatodepaiva,"Nice classic game! Very hard but also very rewarding once you master the mechanics. Be warned that it is VERY addicting, Just like the other games from the series."
,Recommended,312540,26354247,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sbcmarine81,YES----my all time favorite game in the Ys series. I always enjoyed this chapter in the Ys series IDK why but there's something special about Ark of Napishtam that I enjoy. There's two things about this game that I don't like is no voice actors (some might see this as a blessing) and unlike the PS2 version Adol equipment doesn't change when you equip a set. Other then these minor cons I still love this game and glad I got it.5/5 Rating.
,Recommended,312540,25766562,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,NeoGeoMVS,yet aqnother amazing ys game...if you like the other ys there is no reason why this shouldnt be in your library as well.
,Recommended,312540,25856749,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zorro,"I wish I could give this game a limp thumbs up because if you play it you're gonna have a good time, but if you get Oath in Felghana or Origins you'll have a better time."
,Recommended,312540,32795081,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Great game.
,Recommended,312540,22773045,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Salix_The_Zubat,It's addicting
76561198073088368,Recommended,312540,15679338,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Silent One,"Another great game That I just finished. Not trying to brag but I have played the PS2, PSP, and now the PC version of this game and this game is still extremely fun to play through. I kind of wish that the voice acting was in this version but regardless it still still a fun ride. If you like a great adventure game with great controls and a great storyline, you should pick this game up immediately"
,Recommended,312540,15668174,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Paulkdragon,"This game is AWESOME one of the greatest action RPG's i ever played! and the music of this game is outstanding! i can't get enough of the soundtrack! please make a DLC of the soundtrack! i can't get enough of it! im trying to collect all of the Ys games now all i have to is wait for the remake of Ys IV,V and VII PLEASE make those game for steam please! and would i recommend this game to overs my answer is YS!! (see what i did there?)"
76561198001900781,Recommended,312540,15683833,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,yagamikun,"Very excited to play through this gem! I've been a Ys fan for quite some time and somehow keep putting this game off despite playing the rest of the series. It's been a blast so far. Now, XSeed, bring Ys 7 and Celceta to PC and I'll be happy as a bug in a rug."
76561198010822523,Recommended,312540,15694982,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Real Me,And yet Adol finds a new Adventure in a new place. This has to be the toughest Ys game I have played yet on steam. I just beat the game and I wasnt able to gather everything. The platforming is much harder than the other Ys games too. The most intresting thing is the game is connected with Ys orgin some how. Well I wish you all luck with the game. Just don't rage quit from dying multi-able times.
,Recommended,312540,16282894,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,t'Guile,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlB9npWtEr4
,Recommended,312540,30970673,Posted: 5 April,all,Revolver_Samuel,Adol blueballs even more female love interests.
,Recommended,312540,15681206,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,AlanEdgeHead,"If you are a fan of old school RPGs, then you'll love the Ys series! It's literally the only JRPG series I even care for."
76561198047669191,Recommended,312540,15904658,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"My first completed Ys game and it's a really good ARPG that lives up to the hallowed name of Ys and Falcom. Bosses are tricky and require mastery, and the on-use item system works fine to sooth traditionalist fears.On the down side, I really didn't like that escort mission, as their AI lead them to push right right you, which often meant right into a charging soldier for potentially huge chain damage.Music was some real 100% Falcom goodness, complementing the red-haired, red♥♥♥♥♥beatdowns of the gameplay splendidly.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DfzxdyfRO4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUeMHT-EYEchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drbodH8Hctwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsNRnRo6hXc"
,Recommended,312540,15694358,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,RussTech,"A great little hack 'n slash RPG, though Ys games are more akin to Zelda, with a bit more linear gameplay. This was the first Ys game on this engine, so it's a bit rougher than later games like Ys Origin and The Oath in Felghana, but Ark is still a great experience."
,Recommended,312540,17287960,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Titler,"Recommended, with certain caveats.Ys VI is the first, and arguably the least of the 3 games which have similar gameplay; Ys Origins and then Ys Celceta being the other two, and I would recommend them in that order over this if you are new to the series. Napishtim is not a bad game, but it's let down by flaws that the later two would fix.Combat in all 3 is fast and furious, almost like pinball in a way, as you plough into creatures and mow them down left and right; Unlike the original Ys, you manually control your own sword here, and a pad with autofire will be a blessing to cut down on repetitive strain as you hammer away. The speed of the game remains high throughout, even during some rudimentary but fun platforming, and the bosses as always are closer to a bullet hell shoot 'em up than a platformer.The first problem though is that the plot is not tight enough to guide you from boss to boss, and you'll spend enormous amounts of time getting lost without resorting to a walkthrough; this is not the fault of the localisation, which Xseed have performed to a high quality as always, but simply because the game follows it's old 8 bit ancestors in having little room for text in game, and plot specific way points that could be anywhere within the dungeons you've already cleared.This leads to the second problem in that items are scattered about in some quite obscure places, which on the higher difficulties (my first play through was on Hard) will prove vital; in particular it's possible to miss one extremely useful item by accidentally advancing the plot onwards, where as others are hidden in what you might take to be just background images.And then there is the spawn of the devil known as Dash Jump: To activate this you need to move in one direction, stop, then simultaneously move that direction again whilst pressing both attack and jump at the same time. Maybe it's my old man reactions now, but I never once managed to pull this off manually, and resorted to a Hotkey macro to automate it. And some of the items you desperately need require this to be done multiple times. Later games would drop this entirely and replace it's usefulness with other magical powers, but here you need it, and it's enfuriating.Having said all of that, the game is still fun, and I would recommend it to anyone who loved the first or last Ys games. To those new to the series, start with Ys Origins first."
76561198136097602,Recommended,312540,30057965,Posted: 20 February,all,nolwindg,"Fun game would recommend playing.The only bad thing i could say is you can miss some items, but fun game over all."
,Recommended,312540,17060353,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,this_is_chris,"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. It's here, it's finally here. Well, it's been here for a few months now, but still - WE GOT YS: THE ARK OF NAPISHTIM!See, when I first found this game (and this was the one that got me into the series), I was immediately hooked on it. I played it on Ps2, loved it and kept playing it on newer saves, harder difficulties. It's such an awesomely fun game. Years later, when I first joined Steam, I came across a sale of Ys games. I was overjoyed... until I found out this game wasn't in the library. So I played some of the others, enjoyed them some, but nothing compared to this game. So when I saw I could finally buy it, I pre-purchased it. And the day it went live, I played the hell outta it. A few months later, I decided to write this review on it, because I'm kinda lazy like that.So, in Ys: The Ark of Napishtim, you play as Adol the Red, a renown swordsman who saves his crew from a terrible seastorm, only to be thrown off and swept to the sea, washing ashore on a beach where he is found and rescued by 2 young women from the Rehdan clan. You learn about them and their turmoil with humans who live on the other side of the island, you do some adventuring, some exploring, lots of killing and even more dungeon-delving.Ys is a platforming action-RPG, in the simplest terms. It's got a serviceable story (clearly dated, but still fun), the graphics here are dated as well, but it's ripe with nostalgia for Ys fans. And if you're new to the series or wondering what this game is about, my advice is to just buy the damn game, if you're into similar games (Legend of Zelda comes to mind, though it's nowhere near as expansive.)I got about 12 hours in my storyline, but I did a lot of backtracking, a lot of grinding and you will, too. Understand that, towards the end, you WILL want to grind up and get yourself ready for some epic boss fights. The game has some really good ones that will make you use all your skills and sweet moves, like Dash Jump and Magic Charge!Man, I can't get enough of this game. I think it's time I start another New Game and jump right back into this one! DEFINITELY RECOMMEND! (though, I'm not 100% sure what the hell the DLC is I have in this game).I'll be fair and say there are some cons to this game. Sometimes, enemies can be very cheap. Sometimes, what to do next isn't 100% clear. But those things don't detract from the core fun of the game. If you're never sure what to do, explore - you'll figure it out :)GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,312540,30895771,Posted: 2 April,all,MiniTaurus,"Boss fight is really awesome!Now, all sword have different characteristic, well, because it's the highlight on the ark of Napishtim ^^"
,Recommended,312540,15657458,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Schlubotipelto,Ys pun here.
,Recommended,312540,28486833,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Senpai,One of the best RPGs ever. Good graphics and can run on a 5 year old laptop. Waiting for its sequel.
76561198149024324,Recommended,312540,20059249,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ABU ACHMED,"can someone help me, I cant play my newly bought ""Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim"" here are my computer spec. Processor AMD A6-350 2.1GHz Memory: 4GB  Videocard: 2GB Sapphire Radeon  OS: Window 7 32bit, and I already installed DirectX 9/10/11  about Microsoft Visual C++2008/2010/2012 x86 already installed in my computer. please help me to fix this."
,Recommended,312540,20144048,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Geek2theRight,"If you're familiar with Ys, you know it's a very formulaic series of games. If you like the formula, then VI is a great addition to your library. It was the first game in the series(released in the US, at least) to take the series into more 3D gameplay. VII, Origins, and Oath in Felgana(remake of III) then followed suit.Where Ys really shines, in my opinion, is in being a pretty light-hearted, mindless action-RPG. It's a great way to wind down at the end of the day, or to distract yourself when you're not feeling up to more cerebral RPG gameplay. If you want something more serious in tone, or if you want something that requires a bit of actual thought, then Ys VI(or any Ys game, really) probably isn't what you're looking for.Gameplay is fun, but not particularly challenging unless you up the difficulty or do one of the specific challenge modes. The music is quite fitting, but ultimately forgettable; it complements the game nicely, but probably won't get stuck in your head. And the graphics are, thankfully, stylized(in no way meant to be photorealistic), so even though they are from an early-to-mid-PS2 era game, they hold up quite nicely."
,Recommended,312540,23658589,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,TheIVAce,Very good! Like the areas and combat!
76561198238217878,Recommended,312540,29354262,Posted: 19 January,all,Lu,boss nya susah anjir
,Not Recommended,312540,20742436,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,privatejoh,"Ys VI: The ark of Napishtim, ... or The Grind Fest.So, previous sentence said it all.This is a game with beautiful art, solid mechanics and fluid game play. BUT .....Let's try something. Oops, juts got killed. Let's grind a bit.Grind, grind, grind, grind ....Let's try that again. Oops, juts got killed again. Let's grind a bit more.Grind, grind, grind, grind ....Got killed again. This is getting ridiculous. Let's grind a bit more ....Two hours later (killing and being killed by the same stupid monsters). Let's try that again. Still got killed. This is nonsense.Summary:Only for grind festers and adicts to the series.Nominated for the ""Art of ginding"" award."
,Not Recommended,312540,21062382,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rosiero,"If you're interested in the Ys series, this isn't where you want to start. Try the excellent Oath in Felghana instead--it's a lot like this game, but much better.Ys: The Ark of Napishtim may be the most recent Steam release in the series, but it's quite clear that it predates both Oath in Felghana and Ys Origin, which run on the same engine. The same gameplay principles are here; you can run, jump and do a lot of moves with the various swords you collect. Unfortunately, in Napishtim, this is hampered by poor level design that results in constant backtracking, tedious grinding and generally poor conveyance of the player's forward path. Additionally, some play mechanics are so poorly explained that I had trouble with them despite them being virtually identical in Felghana! How do you manage to mess up so badly that you actually un-explain something the player already knew?In short, I was pretty disappointed with The Ark of Napishtim. I'd only recommend this if you've already played the other Ys games on Steam and really need another fix."
,Recommended,312540,25098581,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,медведь тигра,ez game
76561197968070055,Not Recommended,312540,16883114,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nick,"The weakest out of the 3 Ys games  (not including Chronicles). Very grindy, has massive pacing issues for leveling. The starting area is a bit weak and samey, luckily they added warping to checkpoints in the pc version because there is a lot of backtracking.The bosses aren't very engaging, they get a lot better in the sequels.I've been playing the ""Catastrophe"" mode which makes the game more like the sequels and it doesn't really fit. A lot of the chests have the same item now. I'd recommend playing on the standard non-Catastrophe mode.I would only recommend this for Ys fans that didn't get enough by playing Ys: Oath in Felghana and Ys: Origins. Don't play this one as your first Ys game, the sequels imrpove on this flawed (but important) game in every way."
76561198054752214,Not Recommended,312540,20441375,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Yumeria5Yumi,No voices. If you want them get the ps2 version. Don't make the same mistake i made and buy this by mistake.
76561197992678550,Not Recommended,312540,15797122,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Connie Torden,Bad enemy design coupled with lots of grinding and uninspired bosses makes for a dissapointing YS experience.
76561198099168170,Not Recommended,312540,19861725,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wepa,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,312540,15620112,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Elfmo,"I'm putting a ""not recommended"" on this game with a caveat: This *is* a very good game, and if you don't have a Playstation 2 (or just really, really want it for the PC), I would definitely recommend buying this game. Keep reading.Most of what's written here in the reviews is on-point: Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim is a fast-paced action RPG that stars Adol Christin, an absolute spaz who leaps into dangerous situations with no regard for his safety - as if he knows he's in a video game - while going on adventures, not minding his own business, and killing everything in an excessively violent fashion...typically to guitar-driven up-tempo rock.This is the basic formula of most Ys games, and it's the formula of Ark, although playing it in 2015 might feel a little dated (the game was originally released in 2003; we've had it on the PS2 for a long time, but this is the first PC version in English). The core gameplay is good, with difficult bosses (although not as difficult as other Ys games), and intense dungeons (which are much more difficult than other Ys games).But, everything I could say about the game has been said here in the other user reviews (other than no one talking about how non-existent the plot is, even for the usually-threadbare stories of the Ys series). I wanted to write this review for one reason:I'm of the opinion that, if you already own the PS2 version, you can pretty much ignore this version. Buy this version if you really want a PC version, or if you're a huge fan of the series and want all the art materials that come with the game for free. If you're very, very into the Ys series, this art is super-cool. But, if what interests you is the game, the PS2 version is superior and has existed for years. If you're really looking for the best version, that's gonna be the one.Other than the expanded available resolutions and the additional art, the two main gameplay additions that make this version unique are:1. ""Warp Mode"" - An item in the game, the ""Wing of Alma"", which used to warp you out of a dungeon, now allows you to warp between save points. This is a great idea - Ark is a fun game, but it's a bit antiquated, and one of the ways that this shines through is in its insistence on having you backtrack across the entire map of the game, and then back again, and then back. Over, and over again. This change is a good idea, and makes the game less frustrating....If you find it. The Wing of Alma is an item that can be missed. I should know; I missed it when playing through the game this time around. This is slightly peculiar, because when I reached the last dungeon of the game and looked up why I still couldn't warp anywhere, I recognized the item, and I knew I had gotten it the last time I played through the game. I specifically remember a time I was forced to use it once, because there are actually ways (albeit very few) to get Adol stuck in mid-air, with your only options being to restart the game from your last save, or use the Wing of Alma to escape.In any case, what I'm getting at is, this new feature that's meant to help ""modernize"" the game can be missed entirely. This is peculiar to me, especially thanks to the new ""Catastrophe Mode"" (more on that in a minute), which demonstrates that the localization team is able to control which items appear in chests, and which items you recieve from NPCs at different parts of the story. It's baffling to me that getting this item in your inventory isn't somehow mandatory.2. ""Catastrophe Mode"" - After choosing the difficulty level of your game, players are asked to choose between ""Standard Mode"" and ""Catastrophe Mode"". Standard Mode mimicks the gameplay of the original Ark of Napishtim; treasure chests around the game contain a myriad of items - mostly healing items and items that cure status ailments - of which you can stock up to nine. ""Catastrophe Mode"" attempts to emulate the games that followed Ark of Napishtim - Oath in Felghana and Ys Origins - by giving players no stockable healing items, and making items that restore HP or cure status ailments drop randomly off enemies. If you touch the item, it's automatically used, and that's a wrap.This sounds pretty cool, but what specifically was intriguing about Oath in Felghana and Ys Origins were the ""buff"" items that dropped off enemies: pick up a blue potion, and your defense is raised temporarily, either until the timer runs out, or until you grab another blue potions (or red for strength, and a few other colors for different stats). Every enemy you kill slightly raises the experience you gain from the next enemy, stackable up to double experience. This encourages players to continuously fight.I'm not saying that I can't understand or sympathize with why all of these features weren't added - that's likely a staggering amount of work to incorporate those things which weren't even in the game to begin with, and perhaps not even possible. But, the fact remains that these additions aren't in the new Catastrophe Mode. So, Catastrophe Mode essentially becomes ""no items"" mode, or maybe ""use any healing items you get immediately"" mode. You can emulate Catastrophe Mode in any version of Ark of Napishtim by simply doing exactly that: every time you come across a healing item, use it immediately. Or, just don't using any healing items during a boss fight. It's not a feature worth buying an entire game over, especially when you can DIY the concept...and, if you're the type of gamer that Ys appears to be branded towards (gamers who think of themselves are ""hardcore"" who want everything to be as hard as possible), then you probably already HAVE played Ark without using healing items, just to demonstrate to yourself that you could do it.Thus, my verdict is: If you can't get this game on PS2, this is a great opportunity for you. If you CAN, or if you already do...stick to the version with the optional dungeon content. Stick to the version with has voice acting. Stick to the version with cool new cutscenes, especially the intro cutscene that makes the beginning of the game so much less confusing, since establishes the beginning plot of the game without you having to read it somewhere. Get the PS2 version.EDIT: I removed a statement which was shown to be incorrect - whoops."
,Recommended,312540,17081491,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Guildenstern,Short ‘n sweet primer in latter-day Ys gameplay.
,Recommended,312540,17969703,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Pim <3 Nintendo,still one of the best rpg game soundtracks ever Ys has always had great music and now that experience is enhanced thanks to sound card + headphone tough game playing on hard mode I wouldn't dare try nightmare yet
,Recommended,312540,17511441,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Arcanium,"It's okay, I guess."
,Recommended,312540,17315224,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,chocho.kun,"Great game, really great that I can play this once more time :D with some good HD graphics. Sad that the dialogs are not voiced as the PS2 :(. But Everything else is there!"
76561198054378009,Recommended,312540,17116900,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,hyp3rc,"This is a port of the PS2 game of the same name. It was also ported to PSP a few years ago but that port had some pretty horrible framerate issues. None of those type of problems here. It runs at a consistent 60fps and has good AA options that make the graphics feel less dated. Gameplay and story-wise, it's an Ys game. If you're a fan of those you'll like this. If you haven't played an Ys game I'd recommend Oath in Felgana as a better starting point. There are some recurring characters and some nods to previous games but you won't have to have played them to enjoy this or any Ys game.If you're not familiar, Ys is a fairly straight forward, yet hard as balls, top down action RPG. The series is well known for its unrelenting difficulty and amazing music. I highly recommend this and all other Ys games. Finished the game in 10 hours, paid $7.50 for it."
,Recommended,312540,17197975,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AlmaShade,In many ways inferior to Origin and Oath which were much more refined.But it's still a good Ys game in many respects.Would recommend if you like Ys but not as an introduction to the series as a whole. :)
,Recommended,312540,19702000,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"Ys 6: The Ark of Napishatimsal is a very nice game, like The Oath in Feldspar, it's an action RPG where you go through an open world, find cool items, and go on an adventure. It lives up to its predecessors pretty well, and like ther other installments, the Ark of Nappalachian Mountains  has its own unique twists on the combat. here, you can switch between swords with given elemental properties on the fly. So do I recommend the Ark of NapleSyrup? Yes, I do."
,Recommended,312540,19735790,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ffmast,"Excellent entry in the series.  Fun gameplay, bit longer than a few others, and out of all the Ys games i've played...this was the easiest even on nightmare-catastrophe.  I usually always choose the hardest difficulty on the first playthrough so maybe I'm just used to the Ys gameplay and set-up...but still highly recommended for anyone who loves older style action rpgs."
76561198049605342,Recommended,312540,19983276,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tgr,"default xbox controls are a bit annoying but you can change it if you want all in all a wonderful game, just wish there were more of this series on steam 9/10"
,Recommended,312540,20456297,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Squareslug,"Could very well be my favorite Ys game on steam. It really feels like a toss up between this and Origins. The funny thing is I was DEAD SET on Origins being the best until I played through this one. The characters/story/action/challenge are all well done.The only negatives I had with this game is that it may require a bit of grinding at times. Very minor amounts but it helps tremendously for certain areas.If you can get past that, this game is most certainly recommended."
76561198000687763,Recommended,312540,19165322,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,turned_table,"Good Ys game, highly recommend it.First Ys game to use this engine, so if you're used to playing Origin or Oath in Felghana, it'll take some time to get used to.Bosses are a little lacking, but the music is awesomeA must play for Ys fans, and Oath and Origin has references to this game, so all the more reason to play it.The three swords make for an interesting playstyle.Biggest con is probably the escort quest near the end game. As with Ys I&II and Oath they stay true to having atleast one escort quest in the game. And if you're going for 100% it's a nightmare on higher difficulties. Thankfully it's short.So tl;drPros:MusicGameplayCons:Some bosses (final boss, for example)Escort quest8/10"
,Recommended,312540,18672930,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ZekeArcher,"A great remastering of a clasic PS2 game. One of the best RPG's of the early 00's. Action, Story, and POWER!!!"
76561198166807011,Recommended,312540,18835025,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,korytoombs,"This is my second Ys game.  My first Ys games was The Oath in Felghana.So this review will make some comparisons between these 2 games.As far as I can tell you don't need to play these 2 games in any order or haveplayed any Ys game prior to them.Ys 6+Has large open areas where you can walk in every direction.+Has more than one town.+Has more NPCs and dialogue.+Can use items from menu and hot key them.+Game is much easier.-Status effects are annoying.-Combat is a bit clunky and not as responsive.-Game doesn't make it obvious what to do next sometimes.-Costs $5 more.Ys Oath+Combat is fast, fluid, and tight (this is a big difference between Ys 6.)+Magic system is more developed and better used.+Has a limit break system.+Enemies drop items that are used right away.+Layout is more 2-Dish environments with 3D graphics.+Boss battles seem more epic.+Costs $5 less.-Game can be annoyingly hard."
,Recommended,312540,19284295,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Recodare,Even now I still remember a harmony of waves sound combine with Olha's flute when I play Ark of Napishtim 10 years ago..
76561198050537674,Recommended,312540,19354050,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dbowen,"I just picked this up last Friday, for $19.99....  But I digress and will say that it was worth Full price, so for the current sale price of $5.99.....  Everyone should get this NOW.  It's Zelda in the Ys universe, and my favorite Ys game to date.  Buy it."
76561198069959201,Recommended,312540,16716655,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Abang Ganteng,"waiting for YS 7i like the art, gameplay, story not bad"
,Recommended,312540,16834285,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Kurgan,Do you like the other Ys games on steam? Well then you will probably like this one too. If you like more old school action rpg's then you will probably like this game.  I enjoyed the game but it is not my favorite I think both Oath and Origin I liked more. You are Adol the red again like most of the other Ys games. I don't know if it was just me or my xbox pc controller but I could not do the thrust attack which meant I could not do the thrust dash jump so I missed a couple chests that I could not reach. I remember having some trouble on I think Oath with this but finally got it..this one I just gave up but it didn't really matter. The game has different difficulty levels. I played on normal because I don't have the patience of dieing 1000 times in a game over and over again. You can grind to make yourself more powerfull which I think most of the Ys games you could(except Ys 1  you max out pretty easy and just have to be good). Overall I enjoyed it and hope more Ys games come or others like it!
,Recommended,312540,16904470,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Qok,10/10 would grind again.
,Recommended,312540,16253422,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Yavamar,"Doesn't feel as polished as Origin or Felghana, but still a great game if you liked those two."
76561197998109136,Recommended,312540,16256505,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Smurf,"If you liked Origin and Oath in Felghana, you might actually like this!I've played every Ys game so far except the Ys V and Ys Strategy. Ys VI was actually quite enjoyable. I'd say my only complaint is that it was actually pretty short. Admittedly it got even shorter due to an improved warp fuction included in this version.GameplayIf you played Felghana, you'll be very used to this overall, including the pacing of the story. The combat is also pretty much the same idea; in this particular game though, you have different swords that you switch between. Don't be intimidated by the thought of some swords working where others don't. They're all effective (on Normal difficulty at least), but have different levels of strength. Where they're different is how you swing them, their innate ability (once unlocked), and their magic (the first upgrade for each sword).Bosses aren't so bad (again, if on Normal).  If you're rushing through the game, you'll run into the problem of being underleveled. In other games this might only be a minor setback with some strategy. In Ys games, especially this one the game, even on Normal, is going to pretty much force you to grind. While I can't remember my exact level at the time, I can tell you that it was low to the point where I did zero damage to the second boss in the game. Only occasional criticals would even damage him, and those were for very little damage. Loaded the file again, went back and leveled up four or five times, upgraded my swords in the process, then challenged the second boss again. I could damage him for more than I was critting for previously when I did zero damage.Travelling is bearable now. In the original, there was a ton of backtracking by comparison. The map seems pretty big at first, but once you near the end of the game, you really notice just how tiny it is. Similar to Felghana, but I think even that was bigger than this.Controls are okay. If you're using a controller, it might take some time to get used to. You can change the bindings, but only in the configuration outside of the game.CharactersThey're okay. Just like in Felghana you have these do-nothing characters everywhere in towns you should ignore. There's always a few of these NPCs capable of rewarding you under certain conditions. As far as truly notable or important characters go, there are a couple you'll likely not recognize unless you're a fan or well informed. If you've been playing every Ys game that has been localized, you'll be fine. You'll only really end up wondering who the unfamiliar characters are that Adol seems to know, but you can figure out when they met, since it's just filling in the blank.The truly important characters don't seem important enough in the big picture. Probably the most important character you'll meet early on and by the end you'll come to realize how little they even do. Meanwhile the other characters, even ones that could be considered minor, practically drive the plot. Yeah, it's a good thing when you think about it. But after taking in everything you notice how insignificant they were by comparison. Even a character I'm certain is the third or fourth most important character in the game is brushed off to the side. He only ever provides one important bit to the story and the rest of his appearances except maybe one other scene are literally unimportant. I could go on and on, but I'm sure you get it. For me personally, this was the weakest part of the game.MusicPeople actually love these games for the music. Really most games made by Falcom anyway. I'll tell you right now that the music in this game is not the greatest. I'm sure people will disagree with me, but I feel there's only two themes in the game that're great.Ultramarine Deep, which is pretty short-lived and the one most everyone can agree on,Ernst. The rest of the tracks are very underwhelming. Memorable, but most are underwhelming. I can compliment the fact that the tunes really match the environment they're played in. That's probably the greatest strength of the soundtrack in this game.OverallI feel this game is still pretty good considering when it was originally made. If it has any real shortcoming it's probably the short length of time needed to beat it. Hardcore players craving difficulty will probably like the harder difficulties you can play on, including a feature that makes the game feel closer to Ys Origin. Check it out if you have a chance."
,Recommended,312540,16009667,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zivi,"Platforming Action RPG at its finest! Only thing that tops it in my opinion is its Ys brethren, Ys Origin & Ys: The Oath in Felgahna.PC is the definitive way to play this game!"
,Recommended,312540,16785092,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dustpuppy2505,I recommend this game only if you appreciate the Y's series. It delivers on what makes the series one of my favorites to play but it may be lacking for those used to other JRPGs.
76561198047168143,Recommended,312540,16518565,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bottom Fragger,The Ys series is always worth buying! Great Arpg action and intense boss fights (depending on the difficulty) which is why I love the Ys series.
76561198032081563,Recommended,312540,21396865,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DethIncarn8,"stupid dash jump...Neat game. Caught it on sale, otherwise, far too short for $20 (imho)."
,Recommended,312540,21545673,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Superzorro,"Compared to Oath in Felghana and Origins the controls are a big step backwards (screw dash jumping), but the use of healing items makes this game a lot less frustrating and a lot easier than those other two. The story doesn't feel as big as maybe it should, but the characters are interesting enough even if they don't all receive that much development. Overall, I think this game will really work for you if you've played and enjoyed the others that are available on Steam. If you haven't, I suggest you try one of those first."
,Recommended,312540,21576124,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,scottfrenz,"Excellent game, on par with the other Ys games. If you're a veteran to the series, you'll probably find it to be the easiest of the bunch (at least on normal). It's not nearly the grindfest that Oath in Felghana was, either, and there are a few higher-level areas where a low level Adol can level up very quickly by repeatedly defeating a few enemies. However, I found the bosses pretty subpar and not as exciting or satsifying as the ones in the other Ys games (especially Oath and Origin).The story was interesting, and not as predictable as the others, either (except the end, which wasn't a surprise). For veterans, I highly recommend Catastrophe mode, which disallows saving up on healing items (like Origin and Oath) and instead, uses them instantly.For newcomers, SAVE EARLY AND SAVE OFTEN! Like the other Ys games, if you die, you have to load a previous save or start over, except with bosses, where you can 'try again', except you cannot leave the area.Also I recommend consulting a FAQ before you agree to go to face the final bosses (you'll know it)...because there are several well-hidden and wouldn't-bother-to-recheck-that-area again places where the most powerful powerups can be obtained and earned.The game also comes with about 2.5gb of art, including psd files.As other reviewers have noted, the dash-jump ability is a PITA. It isn't necessaryin order to win the game, but you have to use it to get all the potions, etc.I hope XSEED releases more Ys games! Keep 'em coming!"
,Recommended,312540,17936041,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,D'Armo-Kan,"You looking for a challenging, rewarding game?  Great story?  As of 2.6.2017, I have played ~200 hours of this game across the PS2, PSP, Japanese Windows, and Steam variants of this title.  Still worth at least $60.  Anything less is a steal.  Tell me if I'm wrong.  Literally message me and tell me I'm wrong, and give me a reasonable argument.  If you give this game the chance, you won't find one."
76561197989535096,Recommended,312540,28811619,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"Awesome game with tight controls and a superb soundtrack. It looks fantastic and has some really nice camera perspective changes (ie, as you walk to some walls, the camera moves down to eye level). As with all Ys games it's tough, but with no real quest guidance, if you can kill the baddies, then that's the way to go - almost instant death if you're not at the right level for the monsters. If you're playing with a Xbox controller, I recommend changing the menu to the back button and walk to Right thumb - stops me messing up in the heat of battle."
,Recommended,312540,28846463,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,1337haXXor,"One of the greatest soundtracks ever! It's an Y's game, so pretty much like Final Fantasy lite."
76561198166577043,Recommended,312540,20076123,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Heavenly_Flame,"Not only is it a great port of the original but it also comes with some free digital art work from the game. It has been my favorite in the series for a long time and despite having played the original already I just had to get it on Steam. The only downside of the Steam version is that it is missing Alma's trials which I found to be an enjoyable part of the original. The enjoyable story, unique characters, and open world make the game well worth the cost especially if you enjoyed some of the other games in the series."
,Recommended,312540,28461242,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ashPenrill,"It is a Ys game, but definitely not the best of the bunch, so if are already familiar with other Ys you will get the usual expirence that you know and love.Bosses are mostly underwhelming, skills are not really ""impactful"" but that is compared to other Ys (Oath and Origin comes to my mind to be better in those areas).Storywise and designwise, it is a good game, i think that's the best it's that the game ask you to switch  to exploration, to NPCs interactions, to grinding, to bits of the overall world/lore/story so it's linear but doesn't fills that linear.So for Fans of Ys, go for it, for new players check Oath and/or Origins first then come back to Ark .Beated the game on normal, checked the others modes for a bit to see how much it changes on harder levels."
,Recommended,312540,28800594,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dracylchaos,Great game. Good pick if you like real time fight RPG's
,Recommended,312540,16637207,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ramza Beoulve,.
,Recommended,312540,34045520,Posted: 5 August,all,sorathecrow,"A good addition to the Ys franchise, but the weakest of the ""Napishtim engine games"" including Napishtim, Oath, and Origin.  Bosses are rougher and feel unfair compared to later games, with very annoying hitboxes.  Still, it has another fun plot with some cute new heroines, another excellent soundtrack worthy of the Ys name, and the gameplay still has that fun hack-'n-slash soul even if it isn't as refined.  If you're new to the series I'd recommend checking out SEVEN, Origin, or Oath first before this one, but if you love those games you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,312540,34081768,Posted: 7 August,all,SvenFletcher,I got killed by an ultra-powerful hamster that's harder than the actual final boss10/10
,Recommended,312540,35118113,Posted: 21 September,all,Aijou Yuujou,Too grindy for a Ys game but a step above bumper cars.
,Recommended,312540,35169627,Posted: 23 September,all,improbability,"Another great entry in the Ys series.  Some graphical glitches after playing for a while, but restarting would fix them.  Solid game otherwise."
,Recommended,312540,35212718,Posted: 25 September,all,just ial,Worst of the three Ys games in this engine but still pretty alright. PLAY ON NIGHTMARE CATASTROPHE YOU CASUAL.
76561198107779127,Recommended,312540,34670341,Posted: 1 September,all,toammar2006,Good Games.........
,Recommended,312540,33589159,Posted: 16 July,all,Chirpy13,"Ys VI is a pretty great game.  Being the first-made of the 3d Ys games, it's a bit rough around the edges and doesn't quite match up with Felghana or Origin, but is still a great game overall, and I highly recommend it.  As with other Ys games, the music is amazing, the story is quite good and builds upon the lore from previous entries, and the gameplay is top notch.  That said, there are a few annoyances with this game that set it below the other titles.  First off, as the first 3d game, Falcom decided to include critical hits and status effects like a traditional RPG, which is something I don't feel works out too well for Ys.  Crits add an extra luck element that can either make bosses easier if you're lucky, or destroy you if you take a crit yourself.  Enemies with status effects also just feel like more of an annoyance than anything.  Another mechanic that exists in this game, which many people find to be a nuisance due to the control scheme, is the dash attack (where you tap and release in the direction you're facing and then attack) and dash-jump attack (where jump is pressed just after attack on a dash-attack).  Personally I really enjoyed this mechanic, using dash-jump as a means to travel more quickly or evade attacks, though it does take a little getting used to.  Overall, I'd say if you like Ys games or action RPGs, then this is a fantastic game and definitely worth getting, but if you're limited on money, then grab Oath in Felghana or Origin first."
