user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312660,32662134,Posted: 22 June,all,ThisCharmingMan,"This game is fantastic, and is the best Sniper Elite game in the series. Tons of optional challenges once you complete the expansive levels. Highly recommended."
76561198014237732,Recommended,312660,32064341,Posted: 30 May,all,zrinkoklupica,Great game:) My advice for the future would be more single player missions because I think people who buy sniper elite play more in single player !!
,Recommended,312660,30031104,Posted: 19 February,all,ILikNachos,">Shoot a guy in the balls>Search body>Find letter from his Mom>His wife just gave birth to a baby>1 Week old>Waiting for Dad to name him>""You have to come home safe"">Dad shot in♥♥♥♥♥♥by sniperThe letter ♥♥♥♥ed me up real good."
,Recommended,312660,32097681,Posted: 31 May,all,dj_tomyn2,This game is alot of fun. i wasnt sure if i could get into a slow paced sniper game but i most definitly did. I used to play alot of call of duty back in the modern warfare/blackops days and grew out of them rather fast. i vowed i would never buy a another shooter like call of duty becasue i didnt want to pay so much for the same game over and over and over. I finally decided it was time to try a shooter again and coud not be happier with the way this game was. the story keeps you compelled and the gameplay is aewsome. You will find yourself crouched behind something just waiting for the right moment to whip out your inner ninja and take out a battalion of soldiers without them even knowing your their. All in all i highly recomend this gamer not only is the story amazing but the single and multi player gameplay is bound to give you hours of fun even after the campaign
,Recommended,312660,32038307,Posted: 29 May,all,GiveMeAllYourCats,Stealth mechanics that work and are fun to mess with. Huuuge levels; enough side ops to do. Challenging AI. Character skill tree with weapon upgrades. This game is a beast. I rate 9/10 (have not played any multiplayer yet)
,Recommended,312660,29919114,Posted: 14 February,all,Jungkook,this man kills hitler for the 3rd time
,Recommended,312660,32752182,Posted: 24 June,all,Politiskt Inkorrekt Pappa,"Wow!!!Bought Sniper Elite 4 yesterday on the Steam Summer Sale and my only hope was that this was on par, or better, with Sniper Elite 3. It was as good but in many aspects way better than I could've hoped for!!!I don't care much for multi player so I try to find the games with the best single player campaigns. This game must be one of the better ones I've played in years!I'm only 15 hours into the game so I've not yet finished it, but each level takes more than two hours if you play it properly and do everything. Very exciting!Easily best game this year. Better than all Battlefield and CoD releases the last year, and much more sneakier ;)If you like a sneaky FPS and don't mind spending hours per level, this is the game for you!It's a bit harder than Sniper Elite 3 though, but this I like because it forces you to really push yourself, and there are a lot more collectables and side missions than the previous instalment so it's really good value for money!I will surely buy any DLC that exists before the summer sale ends.Edit: Have now finished the campaign and I'm going for a replay of the whole thing by start tomorrow! There are still several collectibles I've yet to find, and the challenges to attempt.The only negative I can say is that the two Overwatch maps - that are needed to fulfill the achievments for a couple collectibles - MUST be played as two players... I don't do MP to be honest and none of my friends are into this type of gaming, especially when you spend 3-ish hours per map in order to get everything done...Devs - please allow us to play the Overwatch maps as single player in the future, even if it makes it very hard...Apart from that this was a brilliant game! The ending was less majestic than I expected, but the two last missions leading up to the end was more than epic so no worries.TL;DRBuy the game now!"
,Recommended,312660,29995151,Posted: 17 February,all,Bah,"Sniper Elite 4 is an outstanding game and exactly what a sequel should be. It improves the aspects of the previous games, adds some new wrinkles, and generally broadens the scope of it's predecessors.Some basic stats:- It took me around 16 hours to complete the main campaign on ""Sniper Elite"" difficulty.- I did not find all of the collectibles.- I did not finish all of the secondary objectives.- I have not yet played the ""Kill Hitler"" DLC or either of the included Overwatch missions.The standout improvements of Sniper Elite 4 are encapsulated by two main points. Firstly, the maps are absolutely humongous and there are a ton of indoor portions in every map. Also new to the series is verticality. There are sections where you can climb up and create your own sniper positions. They've also improved the enemy AI. In past instances of this series, the enemy was able to find you rather quickly. Now, the sniping is more realistic, allowing you to pop off some shots while they ""triangulate"" your location. This gives the player a sense of dominance. It is possible to stealth entire levels as well.Some bullet point pros and cons:Pros:+ Extremely large and detailed maps/levels. It took me roughly 90 minutes to 2 hours to complete each one and would've taken longer if I was set on finding every collectible my first time through.+ Technically sound. Gunplay is very satisfying and the graphics are outstanding.+ New variations of enemies including spotters, radiomen, and artillery strikes.+ A large variety of weapons outside of the numerous sniper rifles to snare and destroy nazis.+ Survival mode is very challenging and a lot of fun with friends!+ Provides replayability with being able to decide on your own tactics, a metric ton of collectibles, and new challenges which only reveal themselves once you return for a 2nd playthrough of a level.+ Leaves you wanting more.Cons:- The AI still needs some improvement, but is a large step up from III, just as III was from V2.- Some levels did not offer a strong enough challenge, even on SE difficulty. I will be trying Authentic next to see if this changes. There were no boss battles or ""unannounced"" final battles in any of the main campaign levels, bar the final mission.- It'd have been nice to see the Overwatch levels which are listed in the campaign menu as SP missions, increasing the game's length.- Leaves you wanting more! (yes this is a + as well)My cons are largely nitpicks, but deserved mention. I am extremely happy with what Rebellion have done with Sniper Elite 4 and am going to be returning to the game sooner rather later to try Authentic difficulty, the Kill Hitler DLC, and change my tactics in previous played levels. The additional challenges are also tantalizing to try and accomplish. The amount of content in the base game alone is satiating, but the fact there is a DLC campaign incoming as well has me excited.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,312660,31200202,Posted: 17 April,all,Ushio,+perfectly optimized title for next gen graphics (2017)+WW2+stealth+wide world for one mission+sniping is a good job m8-no built in refresh rate option but it have borderless windowed optionsworth for full price..
,Recommended,312660,29964755,Posted: 16 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros:1)X-ray Kill are way too addictive2)level and objective design encourage players of creativity of thinking3)Improve movement system4)enjoyable multiplayer5)60FPS+ and improve graphic settings6)Much Challenging AI ON authentic Mode(hardcore mode) with no maps and anything.Cons1)Bug and Glitches2)Not much story and cutscene.(your only way is to play with your sniper,find cover and take out your enemy)3)Can feel repetitive (especially with the objective)4)Target Fuhrer DLC5)short single player experience. you can finish the game on marksman level for less than 10 hours exclude  target fuhrerConclusionSniper Elite 4 is a vast improvement over Sniper Elite 2 and 3 in terms of scenario design and ambition, but there’s just something missing. The team at Rebellion have got the combat down. They’ve got the sniping mechanics down. They’ve even nailed the traversal mechanics – whether vertical or horizontal. But there’s a distinct lack of fantastical set pieces that stunt Sniper Elite 4 from reaching its true potential. Instead, we have some greatly designed, open missions; but ones that grow repetitive by the time the game ends. Issues with pacing and repetition aside, Sniper Elite 4 is still a competent experience, and one of the more authentic and true-to-life sniping simulators.Sniper Elite 4 is an entertaining shooter with signature gunplay that's focused on long-distance combat. You will find a good balance of difficulty settings that cateres to sniping pros.Mind you this is a DX12 game ,to enjoy the game at 3840x1600 with the highest details, you need to invest in a GeForce GTX 1080.The Graphics are great on my rig although 1 thing i hate about this game is the glich that bug out my controller b button.My Final VerdictA must play sniper elite game if you have ever play the series before and a masochist who like to beign toture bY AI ON HIGHEST DIFFICULTY. 4/5. good but short if you are only buy this for single player experience."
,Recommended,312660,30036660,Posted: 19 February,all,ColdWolf,"Now THIS is how you do a sniping game.+ Expansive maps with narrow shotgun-friendly chokepoints and open sniping vistas alike+ Freedom to approach objectives how you see fit, stealth and run-and-gun are always viable+ Better-than-ever killcams; more brutal consequences for being a videogame Nazi+ Vastly improved traversal makes the game smoother than other games in the series+ Insanely customisable sniping authenticity; right down to how much ammo is available+ A huge amount of objectives and sniping challenges, weapon mastery and unlocks+ Co-op friendly, including 2-man Overwatch maps and 4 player Survival+ Season Pass keeps all multiplayer maps available to EVERYONE instead of behind a paywall- Aforementioned dumb as bricks Nazis are, in fact, dumb as bricks. Not always, but noticable.- Some un-climbable obstacles are at odds with the new movement systems. Let me climb!!- Optional objectives sometimes have to be completed before the primary, but not alwaysIn those instances, some kind of warning would have been nice but...eh, nothing dealbreaking.Truth be told, all of the negatives I found were nitpicking at best.Common issues with the stealth genre at large that we're ALL aware of are the only issues I could find with this game, and I've had a blast completing the campaign in solo.Now to go back, mop up the objectives I missed (Thanks, Obama)and master a few more weapons before starting into some multiplayer fun in co-op!Worth every cent, and gives me hope for the future of the series.Nice work Rebellion, a return to form!"
76561197964223342,Recommended,312660,32029828,Posted: 28 May,all,Field Marshal,"Great game, they made improvements from the third iteration that I very much liked.  The use of silent ammunition for all rifles and handguns is one of the highlights (although not realistic it provides a mechanism so that not all your shots are suppressed making the game extremely easy, while allowing you to use many of your favorite weapons instead of using them with a distinct disadvantage).I feel that the jumping and vaulting game mechanics need some polishing.  I would prefer the action feel more fluid and not so mechanical.  I would also like to see the AI be more aggressive about moving in your direction on harder difficulties and use binoculars to spot you from a distance (Forcing you to prioritize targets even from a distance).  I would also like to see on harder difficulties the AI go prone when they know a sniper is picking them off one by one.  I liked the upgrade system were you upgraded specific components to improve the performance of a weapon.  I had hoped the studio would have applied this system to all weapons and the ammunition.  An example would be to upgrading a pistol (such as the 1911 .45) to handle a more powerful gun powder then upgrading the corresponding ammo to have a more powerful load.  This would be very rewarding for the riles as well, such as improving the riling in the barrel of a rifle the trigger pull, the grains of gun powder.  I want to feel more invested in my weapon systems and truly make each of them amazing in their own ways.Overall thoughts are that this game is excellent however I could see how some might feel the price is a bit high especially considering the price of the season pass.  Perhaps they will publish enough DLC to justify the price of the season pass.  I being a huge fan of this series would pay just about any price to get my Sniper Elite fix."
76561198003112705,Recommended,312660,29959933,Posted: 16 February,all,Sharpe,"Several things at once running through my mind now that I've spend the last 2 days on the newest addition to the shooter genre.Is it bigger? Is it better? Is it more of the same, like Sniper Elite 3?Let's start with wheter or its a bigger game or not. In one very different aspect from SE3 this 4th edition is definetly bigger and, the one place where it shows this, is the map size. Granted the maps are not Arma 3 size huge, but then everybody that plays this would be looking at different game altogether or so I feel. Anyway, in what is a change for the better, the newest game in the series features larger maps, which in turn allows for somewhat varied more gameplay. But in turn, does that make the game better?An improvement in comparison to SE3 is the fact that you re no longer stuck to a single route to your target. You can make your own way to each mission objective. Another useful improvement that wasn't present in SE3, is the use of subsonic ammo in your sniper rifle. Although limited in ammo (and with good reason) this new feature is hilarious fun. Just imagine sneaking into an enemy base, getting to a vantage point, selecting your target and waiting for just the right moment to squeeze off that shot that leaves the rest of the area confused about wheter you're in the neighbourhood or not. It also adds a little extra challenge to the aiming process, but then, what's a game without a challenge?Also something that I find noteworthy is the detail in the maps. If I were to look at Sniper Elite 3 again, the at times rather bland mountaineous desert like area and basic looking military camps,  has now been replaced by somewhat wartorn and occupied coastal fishing villages, harbours and naturally, larger and better protected military installations while trying to...well you have to play that to find out.At least one hold over from SE 3 made into this game. The X-ray cam. So Yes, if you pull off a rather special shot, you will see a lung deflate or a testy explode or any other bodily organ be submitted to rather deadly dose of lead poisoning. And that's just in the singleplayer. The other hold over is yet another attempt at killing a certain someone who carries a moustache.The game comes with the usual coop mode, a competitive mode, and something new (to me) called survival mode. In this game mode, you and 3 others have to hold off waves and waves of enemy attempting to take your command post. At times quite harrowing, but definetly just as fun as cooping through the 8 missions that are in the default game.In the end Sniper Elite 4 is definetly a bigger game then the previous edition. It has a few more bits and bobs that make it a bit more interesting, and more open spaced then the previous incarnation of the game, making it a bit less pathed and predictable.In turn this makes for an interesting ride.Should the price worry you, wait for a sale. By the time the summer sale comes around there should be some more DLC available."
76561198003651773,Recommended,312660,32971737,Posted: 28 June,all,-----------,"Best of the series.  Strongly recommended.   Plenty of options.  Authentic level is VERY difficult to master.  Shooting requires you PRACTICE on the range (as you would need to in real life).  Not in the mood?  Dial down the difficulty and just go for it.  Your choice.  I spent 25 hours just killing Hitler in a variety of ways.  From a basic shot to the head, to a series of ""accidents"" (with suppressor), to booby-trapping his escape path and forcing an attempt to flee.  BOOM!  The game gives you that freedom.  Survival challenges you endure 12 waves with NO saves and NO map view.   Lots of variety.  Enjoy!"
76561198137405493,Not Recommended,312660,30328360,Posted: 4 March,all,Amundas,"Overall it's an ok game. Is it worth the money? No(100 CAD for deluxe). See bellow for more detail:Pros: Great Graphics, Runs relatively smooth, I had 60 fps at all times. The ballistics in this game are great, probably the only thing realistic about the game(bullet drop, dynamic wind effect which does effect bullet trajectory) other than anatomy in kill cams. Kill cam is pretty cool. You can shoot out nazi balls. And you get to kill a lot of Nazi's. Stone eagles can be tough to find, one of the secrets that are in each level. You can hide your shots with ambient noise(planes, artillary, boats, and some placed activatable objects), different for each level but repetitive, but still a nice function. Ai spotting/triangulation system is not bad but maybe needs some improvement.Missions can be pretty  time consuming if you have the patience to snipe like I do, which is good, there is something like 10 missions or so I think. I only played the first few but put 12 hours into it.Cons: All 3rd person. Movement/cover system can be clunky at times but isn't really game breaking. To say it nicely the story line is very basic and that is something that really bothers me but some people can probably look past that. The enemy is pretty predictable, and pathing seems to remain static with a few proximity triggered events even on authentic or hard. Random sound gliching/lag in and out of menu while in game. I don't see the game having huge replayability.And finally I absolutely hate the whole DLC fad, developers should be ashamed of themselves for even using it. In this case with the dlc pack you get another mission, some characters, skins and weapons for $40(cad)... after players already potentially spent $66.49(Cad) on the game. In my opinion the value isn't there for the game or the dlc. I'd recommend buying it on sale if you are dead set on buying it, and I'd recommend refraining from purchasing the dlc, although that may change depending on future content.Hope this helps.System specs(some claimed unable to play with similar hardware):asrock 990fx killeramd fx8350 overclocked to 4.6msi r9 390 gaming 8gb over clocked, 1100 mhz/1600mhzsamsung 850 evo m.2 ssd16gb ramSame performance without overclocks"
76561198051888950,Recommended,312660,32343607,Posted: 11 June,all,jrm4692,GREAT GAME. way better and harder if you play on hardcoare without the assist on the sniper zoom.
76561198155690831,Recommended,312660,33136229,Posted: 2 July,all,allanlf,"Sniper Elite 4 uses literally the same formula as Sniper Elite 3 but with some improvements and changes.To begin with, now we can actually run while crouched (which is something that helps ALOT), do some mild parkour movements like climb stuff, hide in bushes (Assassin's Creed style) and use supressor in your rifle/pistol. (yeah, the Welrod is not the ONLY suppressed gun anymore)The stealth also feels much better because of the stuff I mentioned previously, which is something good. It still not as good as MGS, but works fine.The quality of the gore in the x-ray cams also improved alot (But the damage caused in the bodies without the x-ray is still lame. You literally crush the skull of your enemy with your bullet, but when you go check the corpse it is basically intact) and now you can also have x-ray kill cams in traps (like land mines) and melee kills. (totally not copied from Mortal Kombat 9/X)Now you can also unlock upgardes to your weapons by doing some challanges like ""Hit 50 headshots"", ""Kill 25 enemies at the distance of 100 meters or more"", etc. And if you clear all of them, you get a golden camouflage to your rifle/smg/pistol. (Because everything looks cooler when washed in gold paint)The campaign is still as lame as ever (when it comes to the story) and the game is still short, but the maps are wider than ever (though, if you simply rush through the main objectives you still can clear the missions in less than 10 minutes) and because of that you might take 50-60 minutes to clear some missions. Something good considering the base game has only 8 missions.The difficulty of the game is challenging (on normal mode) but if you simply go full Rambo you might get killed, so only do that if you're sure enemies can't get to you through all the directions. But when it comes to the hardest difficulty, (authentic mode) well, in the moment you start the mission you're already f**ked. Yes, it is actually REALLY hard, but the major problem about it isn't that, but the fact you can't use the map (you actually can, but it doesn't show your location on the map nor the objectives) so start playing a mission for the first time in this difficulty is something really not recommended because you need to already know the location of the objectives in order to clear it. (the fact the maps are wider than before also don't help) At least now you have access to checkpoints and you're able to melee enemies, what was something you couldn't do in the authentic mode of Sniper Elite 3 (If you're playing the game in this mode I recommend you to not use manual saves, because there's an achievement that requires you to clear all the missions without using the manual save. I say that because the only reason I see someone playin' it on this mode is to achievement hunt. Or that or the person is a masochist)The online of the game is basically dead (At least on the steam version. There might still be a few people playing it on PS4, but on steam, it is dead) so say goodbye to the online achievements. You still can enjoy its coop mode though.The visual of the game is really nice, but for me, at least, it has alot of frame drops even on medium. This is the reason with I opted for locking the frame rate of the game through adaptive v-sync (you cannot do that through the settings page of the game, for that you need to check the Nvidia control panel) so I could run it in ultra with a locked frame rate.The loads of the game are okay-ish and you only see them before starting the missions and the reloads after you die are basically instant, which is something good.It is kinda hard to judge the AI of the game since, sometimes, they look smart and sometimes they look completely stupid. (Like how enemies on vehicles usually ignore their allies and run over them if they get on their way.) They also seem to listen to your steps too easily even when not on guard, but that is nothing too annoying to deal with. Also, Enemies on combat vehicles now don't start shooting on you at the exact same second they spot you, what is a nice improvement from the last game.The game is well polished so you wont see many glitches. The only thing you might notice are dead corpses glitching on the ground or reacting to your bullets on weird ways.In a overall, Sniper Elite 4 is quite a decent game. Not a worthy title of GOTY but still a pretty solid game and by far the best of the series."
,Recommended,312660,31367549,Posted: 25 April,all,40s & Blunts,"Shot a nazi in the nads. Then I shot his friend in the throat. The game told me one of the nazis has a pet cat, so I didn't shoot him at all."
,Recommended,312660,30133362,Posted: 23 February,all,Axon,"Impressive To Say The LeastI must say this game, has really improved after its predecessor. If you loved Sniper Elite v2 or Sniper Elite 3, this game will truly blow you away, every aspect of the previous games has been overhauled or built upon. I will be rating this game based on 5 key concepts; Graphics, Gameplay, Replayability, Sound Design, and lastly Content so without further ado, lets get this review started.Graphics: 8This game looks good, really good, but I wouldn't say it's one of the best looking games around, not even close. This game doesn't compare to the looks of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, or Star Citizen, but what really can you expect when you have a semi-open world game with a large area with a lot of foliage to render. Regardless the game is well optimized and I was able to get a steady 60 fps with the occasional 30 fps drop on Ultra on a AMD Radeon RX 480 4 GB graphics card. It's pretty rare to see a well optimized game these days, so i'll have to give props to Rebellion.Gameplay: 8The game takes place in the setting of Italy in 1944, during World War 2, as the same protagonist from the previous Sniper Elite installments, Lieutenant Karl Fairbourne, sniper veteran from the theatres of Afrika and Europe. The game takes the approach of semi-open world with 2 types of objectives. Primary and Secondary. The player has a choice of completing both sets of objectives, but to complete the mission the only requirement is to finish the primary objectives. Secondary objectives simply result in bonus experience and extra playtime to the game. I have already finished the game which took around 9-10 hours to complete, including all/most of the secondary objectives. The game features a COOP campaign, as well as coop survival and multiplayer. The campaign has 8 missions which are about an hour and twenty minutes each with plenty of objectives and multiple ways to complete that objective (much like Deus Ex), This can be done stealthily with melee kills and silent pistols/rifles or could be done guns blazing. Whatever you prefer thats your choice. All in all, if you factor in playing the entire campaign along with the DLC missions and survival, your looking at an excess of around 16 hours minimum, playing the game stealthily that number could be around 22 hours (yes stealth can take that much more time).Replayability: 8This game has a fantastic replayability, with awesome bulletcams, an awesome multiplayer and a good amount of weapons and upgrades, this game has countless hours that you can delve into versus other players, whether it's deathmatch or capture the flag, or many other game modes, there's many hours you can invest into Sniper Elite's multiplayer.Sound Design: 10Probably the biggest improvement to the Sniper Elite franchise, Sniper Elite 4 is packed with immpeccable sound design. The guns sound loud, clean, and the echo of guns makes locating enemies much easier than in previous sniper elite games. The sound system has taken stealth elements from using sounds to bait enemies into traps, suppressors being heard of enemies are close by, and footstep noise. From experience the first game I had hopped into was quite intense. It was a deathmatch and all was silent and periodically you could hear the loud crack of a sniper rifle, it had the equivilence of being in a silent room and being caught off guard by a loud noise when you least expect it. The experience was quite great. This game's sound design is absolutely incredible and really takes advantage of 7.1 sound.Content: 7.5This game's content isn't exactly limited, but it also doesn't have a vast arsenal to choose from either. The base game comes with 7 rifles (Springfield 1903/05, Gewehr 43, Kar98k, Lee Enfield No.4, Carcano, Mosin Nagant, and Mannnlicher M1895), 4 Smgs (Thompson M1A1, MP40, FNAB 43, and MAB 38), 2 Assault Rifles/LMGs (StG 44, and FG42), a Trenchgun, a Rocket Launcher (Panzerfaust), and lastly 6 pistols (Luger P'08, M1911, Walther P38, Webley VI, Beretta M1934, and Welrod). Each gun has it's own pros, cons, and upgrades and is good for different situations. There are also DLC weapons that are definitely worth purchasing which are the DeLisle Carbine, HDM (Pistol), Ross Mark III, M1 Garand, and M1A1 Carbine.Overall: 8.3"
76561198053671250,Recommended,312660,33937365,Posted: 31 July,all,Laika,This game allows you to plant landmines on the bodies of enemies you've killed.  Did you know that this is a violation of international law irl?  10/10 Would commit war-crimes again!
,Recommended,312660,29997371,Posted: 17 February,all,[ A E ] WinD,"Sniper Elite 4 is the game Fans of Sniper Elite V2 (and the Zombie spin-off) had been waiting for. The Third installment was good and brought us steps closer to a title like SE4 - I believe that Metal Gear Solid V was a large influence on Rebellion's approach to the sand-box style map design in SE4. The two player co-op is fantastic for the large sprawling open sandbox environments although it is insanely fun to play solo. the new Overwatch mode is also fantastic fun having one high-grounder spot for the other on the ground ensuring they are safe picking off potential threats and spotting. The wave based survival ""horde"" style mode is basically an aggressive version of Sniper Elite Nazi Zombies. These enemies are COMING FOR YOU. This is not an easy walk in the park wave based mode as we have seen in Gears of War - it is one that requires communications and a team effort.The campaign also has (for me) endless replayability, I plan to play thru the game 2-3 times solo let alone multiple runs or consistent runs of a ""favorite mission"" with various friends - it reminds me of playing my favorite 2-3 L4D2 campaigns with buddies over and over (which includes the added L4D1 maps).The DLC does not effect Multiplayer weapons or maps which is also fantastic to hear - It is great to know that a season pass for a title will be on deep single player content and not lock the Co-op or PVP players behind a wall if they do not purchase the DLC. PVP has a few unique game modes alongside its traditional 3 (TDM, DM and Control) the unique 3 are TDM Which the team with the longest sniper kill is the victor, an FFA version of the same - and (I believe the same mode was in SE3 MP) a mode where you cannot cross the center of the map thus each team is on an ""island"" which they must just snipe each other. It is far more fun than it sounds and huge props to Rebellion for having a stellar Single-Player title which also has competent although not game changing VS Multiplayer.The only problem I currently have with the game is that two of my favorite weapons from World War 2 (as a huge COD 5: World at War fan I used both with attached sniper scopes back when I played WaW competitively on CEVO for PC). The m1 Garand and the m1a1 Carbine.  In the shooting range you can try them out and use the elite skins for them, but purchasing the season pass does not unlock these weapons right away which was (correct me if I am wrong) explained on the store pages which led some of us to buy the pass wanting to use the M1 variants right off the bat.The flip-side is that we know these weapons will have an important role in the singleplayer DLC that is to come; which is going to change the dynamic of the game - Testing them on the shooting range we see that they do not have an insane zoom level nor distance correction - m1a1 Carbine with a 20 mag and the m1 garand with the classic PING self ejecting top mag are medium range rifles which leads me to believe the DLC will have emphasis on closer to medium range sniping engagements. The sky is the limit with where Rebellion can go with this awesome release, and I hope to be pleasantly surprised by the DLC content.Finally, my breakdown is as followsGameplay: 9.0Sound: 8.0Graphics: 8.5Difficulty: 9.0Replayability: 10Learning Curve: Around one hourSingle Player: 9.5Multiplayer: 9.0PVP Multiplayer: 8Co-oP Multiplayer: 9.5Multiplayer / Co-Op Variety: 9.0eSports Potential: N/AStreaming (Creating an exciting playground for others to view): 10Thus, overall Accelerated Evolution grades Sniper Elite 4...9/10aeesports . prodiscord . gg/ae"
,Recommended,312660,32614566,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr Grumpy,"Having played the earlier iterations, it was nice see how much more polished this game feels. There aren't enough fun things can be said about the killcam and the trying many and varied different ways to play the same mission with different objectives in mind. Overall highly recommended 9/10.Extra special mention must go to how long you can spend trying to shoot every enemy in the nuts..."
,Recommended,312660,29939610,Posted: 15 February,all,Sheggorath,"I've never played a Sniper Elite game before, but I saw someone play this pre-release and I decided to give it a shot (shot heh heh heh.) I just finished the third mission and I can safely say there is a solid game here with a good value for money. The story isn't very interesting however the gameplay makes up for the cliches. £39.99 well spent.EDIT: I have now finished the campaign and experienced some of the multiplayer. I like to play the wave survival mode too. It's a time killer. The replay value of the game isn't great but it's something you can do now and again."
76561198057822506,Not Recommended,312660,33548867,Posted: 14 July,all,Derk,"The game isn't worth the AAA price. Almost no story, ai is stupid and gameplay is repetitive. When you compare it to cheaper stealth games like the Metal Gear, Hitman or Dishonored series you realize just how overpriced Sniper Elite 4 is.A good story would go a long way to break up the repetitiveness of the gameplay. Even better ai could make up for the lack of story. All the enemy soldiers act exactly the same. Once you figure out how to draw them all out and pick them off the game becomes way to easy even on higher levels."
,Not Recommended,312660,30179001,Posted: 25 February,all,Win Butler,"Sniper Elite 4 is part of a new generation of games developed under a different developer mindset that concentrates on a few things. Like raking in as much cash as possible, releasing the game with as little core content as possible, generic/lazy story telling and bating you into playing the game with good graphics/visuals. Here's my pros and cons list:Pros:- Unique'ish concept with a sort of Hidden & Dangerous feel to it at times.- Very pretty the vast majority of the time.- Nicely open missions/maps where you can choose how you go about things very freely (ie stealth or guns blazing etc).- Lots of secondary and optional objectives which, if you choose to complete, gives you a lot of added gameplay.- You can shoot Hitler in the balls and watch it in slow motion.Cons- Just the most horrendous, cliché, stupid and dumb*ss simple story. If you love cringe compilations on Youtube, you'll just love this!- Really quite passive and stupid AI, with the occasional exception when they suddenly break all patterns and consistency.- Poorly designed stealth system. Things like standing in shadows gives exaggerated cover to the point where and enemy could be 5 meters away, looking straight at you, but not seeing you. Another flaw is the audio range of your movement/baits. If you are two stories above an enemy and you run across the room, they'll hear it and naturally assume it to be an enemy and come looking for you.- Inconsistencies in the vaulting/climbing system coupled with invisble wall type barriers where there shouldn't be any. If you're in a pinch and need to vault over a stone wall for some cover and you just can't for some reason, it gets silly.- Water kills you. Because we all know commandos don't know how to swim. This might sound like a minor issue, which it sort of is but its representative of the lazy game developing im talking about. Either make the water completely inaccessible or let us swim back to land, don't just make it kill you instantly because you're too lazy to do anything else.- Overly resilient AI. If using a handgun they literally get away with shots to the head sometimes. Even when they do, it's another 3-4 shots to kill them.- Exaggerated representation of Nazi technology and just a general lack of any real historical accuracy, however I understand that this is not an issue to everyone.- Gets really repetitive, really fast.- Short story (which in this case might be a good thing, ugh), that doesn't take you long to play through, even when doing ALL secondary objectives in every mission."
76561197969417125,Recommended,312660,35134238,Posted: 22 September,all,G00N3R,"Sniper Elite 4 is a third person shooter set in Italy during World War 2. The player controls the same character from the previous game, Karl Fairburne, on another mission to defeat the Nazis. I enjoyed Sniper Elite 3, which I played for the first time recently, and this sequel is better is pretty much every way.The good-	Maps for each mission feel larger and more open. The switch from Africa to Italy has resulted in more attractive scenery (lots more green), as you fight through the streets of small towns, and the surrounding countryside.-	Stealth mechanics remain the same as before. You can use silenced ammo, crouch or go prone to stay out of sight, and use loud noises to mask your rifle fire. My favourite mission features an artillery cannon, which the Germans have set up on top of a bridge, firing at regular intervals. I spent ages laid on top of a hill, getting another headshot every time the cannon went boom, while other enemies were completely unaware of my presence.-	When you get detected, you can still go loud, and adopt a run and gun approach. Guns feel enjoyable to fire. You can carry a sniper rifle, SMG and pistol as well as various grenades and mines, which gives you plenty of options to deal with each fight.-	Enemy AI feels more natural, compared to SE3. It takes enemies a bit longer to pinpoint your exact location, but once they know they’re under attack, they’ll stay alert and search for the player for longer before giving up.-	The franchise’s signature slow motion x-ray kill cameras are more ridiculously gory, with your bullets sending bits of bone and internal organs flying all over the place. And if you ever get tired of seeing them, you can turn them off.-	It took me 11 hours to finish the single player campaign, which is significantly longer than SE3.-	Controls are fully rebindable and work great with mouse and keyboard.-	I didn’t suffer from any bugs or crashes.-	My framerate never dropped below 60 with most settings maxed at 1080p (i7 6700K @ 4Ghz, 16GB ram, GTX 1080 8GB vram)The bad-	There’s more of an attempt at telling a story, as you can talk to members of the resistance before each mission, but none of these characters were interesting. A major character has an exaggerated-a comedy-a Italian-a accent-a which-a was-a kind-a of-a distracting-a.-	There’s a wide variety of guns to choose from, however the way you upgrade them kind of forces you to pick one early and stick with it. Upgrades are based on in game challenges, for example get x kills to upgrade damage, but they’re tied to each weapon. So if you switch weapon, all of the upgrade counters for that new weapon will still be at 0.-	I also don’t like how the weapon loadout screen lists all the DLC weapons even if you don’t own them, almost like the game is shouting at you “hey, buy this DLC!”.The recommendationSniper Elite 4 is a really good game which should appeal to most shooter fans. If you enjoyed the previous game, you’ll definitely enjoy Sniper Elite 4. If you haven’t played the franchise before, you could jump straight in to SE4 without feeling like you missed anything from a story point of view (although SE3 is still a good game, worth checking out).If you’re only interested in single player, I would suggest waiting for a 50% off sale, however you might find value in a higher price if you want to put some hours into multiplayer."
76561198009484595,Recommended,312660,30027556,Posted: 18 February,all,sldrew2000,"Recommended. Good gameplay, good graphics, very playable."
,Recommended,312660,29956607,Posted: 15 February,all,Dougal,"We're gon' be doin' one thing, and one thing only.Killin' Nazis."
76561198035726780,Recommended,312660,34063753,Posted: 6 August,all,Malau,"SP Review. Never tried MP.PROS- Sniping has never been so much fun !- You can also play it the traditional FPS way too.- Tense, tense gun battles against a determined enemy.- Smart AI that learns ! EG - Kill 1 with a trip mine. The next time they assault the buildings they will disarm it.- AI works as a team. One will go to one door and distract you, whilst his buddies sneak through another door.- Some great maps with lots of alternate routes to take.- Doing a level properly will take you hours. Some levels took me 4 hours.- Looking through your bins and marking AI, it shows you a little Bio of the said AI. EG ""Franz Lautner: Is afraid his son will grow up an orphan"". Finding letters to loved ones that the soliders wrote about how scared they are, their hopes for the future etc . Little touches like this humanizes the enemy, and gives you a moments pause before you blow his testicles off. Then you search his body and find a 'Dear John' letter from his sweetheart, or a letter to his mom apologizing for not being a better son. Things like this stick in the memory.- If you let an AI suffer and bleed out. He might start screaming in German for his momma. This is really quite harrowing.- Some nice gadgets, and cool ways to use them, like placing trip mines on dead bodies. So when Fritz goes to check if his comrade is dead, BOOM !- 360 deg camera. It takes abit of getting used to. If you played Arma 1/2/3 then it's like if you had double tapped ALT.- The murder cam of course ! Though it does get annoying 20 hours in and you're in the middle of a fierce street battle, and you have to double tap SPACE to skip it. Or change it's frequency in the options. But mostly it's gratifying, it's your 'money shot' for all your hard work getting yourself into position for the perfect shot.- Despite being a one man army, you really feel you have earned your victories and that you are a part of something 'bigger'. Unlike Wolfenstein, where you have overpowered super weaons. Here you are just one normal guy with a Springfield bolt action rifle- Lots of achievements, perks and upgrades to unlock with XP, weapon and skins too apparently.- Different Batman-esque optional special requirements with to complete on each level.- Quckload really IS quick ! This is important, you're going to die alot probably.- Beautiful GFX and lighting on ULTRACONS- Most of the rifles and skins are DLC only. But that's not too bad, because the default rifle is the only one with 12x zoom.- Would have at least liked to try the DLC rifles in the Shooting Range. A missed opportunity there.- Would have liked more pure sniping maps, like the first level, for those 800m headshots.- The player movement reminds me of the old Tomb Raider games, 4 directions. It takes a while to get used to it.- The player character is late 20's, early 30's. The actor voicing him is in his 50's. It's a weird disconnet.- Some levels end as soon as you finish the Primary Objectives (viaduct level), most allow you to go to an extraction point.- Killing Hitler (ingame he really does have 1 testicle) is DLC only AGAIN (As it was in Sniper Elite v2)- The 'story' - skip it, it's not important."
76561197968731843,Recommended,312660,32700206,Posted: 23 June,all,pcG James,It's a Sniper Game and a damn good one at that.  I'm playing in 21:9 (3440x1440) and it looks great too...
76561198036250838,Not Recommended,312660,33593440,Posted: 16 July,all,ruud316,Would I recommend this game Yes and No. It's a great shooter like the previous ones. I've played all the sniper Elite games.This one the game machanics are great and the maps bigger which means you have more room to move.But single player - I completed the game in 8 hours!There should be a load more missions!Buy it in a sale like I did cetainly don't pay £40 for it!Score 6/10 far too short a game!
76561198042161073,Recommended,312660,30621445,Posted: 19 March,all,Kurnel ApocalypticCheeseburger,I had to shoot 20 Nazi's in the testicles to get a golden version of the gun I was using.10/10If only other FPS games were like that.
76561198017162085,Recommended,312660,30025890,Posted: 18 February,all,Samthesham,"Great game, map's are huge and take some time to conplete. Can be replayed it on diffrent difficulities, I like and recommend it."
76561198036208678,Recommended,312660,31383075,Posted: 26 April,all,jcad2020,"I like playing the Sniper Elite series and this game is good not great . It could have been so much better if they made the AI's somewhat intelligent. There's really no excuses for dumb AI's , this is after all the fourth Sniper Elite not the first!If you kill an AI (Nazi)  that heard a noise or has seen something his buddies will come looking for him. But 2 minutes later they resume there patrols like nothing ever happened. Its the same if you kill them and leave the body where it fell. The AI 's responds exactly the same.Kill a Nazi, move or don't move the body wait 2 minutes rinse repeat.The story is good and the  graphics are very good. If you can get over the dumb AI's the game is pretty good."
,Recommended,312660,32878993,Posted: 27 June,all,Delta,Shoot the egg as always...
,Recommended,312660,30244502,Posted: 28 February,all,TheShabbyOrange,"Being not new to the series, i approached each mission attempting to be full stealth, i also have been playing this on ""normal"".Each mission has taken me at least an hour to nearly 2 hours to finish, observing, listening to dialog, collecting items and trying to plan my next move. I'm already looking forward to pre-planning on harder difficulties.I feel pleased with the quality of level design and mechanics. The attention to gameplay and customization has felt like slipping into something designed for a target audience that has previously enjoyed the series.Grapics are enjoyable (can check my profile and specs, if curious), the world design after the first 3 missions have been very pleasing to the eye.Audio is well done, it isn't always the same with every shot you take, though you do get the ""slow-mo"" SFX often but it changes it up enough to still feel pleasent on each shot.Down points would only be on the stuttering audio on a 7.1 headset and Xonar D1 sound card, it seems to happen when game is paused or when the cinematics start for the end mission scenes, no issues during gameplay though.I'm impressed by this game and Rebellion, i'm only 6.1 hours in with 3 missions done and i'm excited to play the large maps with co-op or a harder difficulty."
,Recommended,312660,31519047,Posted: 2 May,all,star boy,"huge maps, each is basically its own self-contained open world. Gameplay is really solid too, its a good stealth game, so much so that in my experience its more of assassin elite 4 than sniper elite 4.I recommend"
,Recommended,312660,29939218,Posted: 15 February,all,StitchJones,"This game hits the hammer on the head.  I thought Sniper Elite 3 was a high water mark for this type of genre, but I was mistaken.  4 not only takes everything that made 3 great but puts the perfect little touches on it that were needed without you knowing.  Graphically, the game looks awesome.  AI wise, based on my current normal playthrough, they are no dummies.  And for a map, UI, and objectives.  Everything works the way it should.  This is an easy 60$ game with zero regret.  I myself have not purchased the season pass as of yet only because of my normal ornate hatred for DLC packages.  Outside of that I highly reccomend this to anyone who has a WWII gaming enjoyment and a thrill of cool butt sniping effects."
,Not Recommended,312660,33578914,Posted: 16 July,all,=Axton=,"Post campaign review:barely 20hrs to beat the main story (without all collectibles).  Looks marginally better than SE3, and the new climbing mechanics doesn't really justify a full AAA  game price in my opinion.  Enemies are still as predictable as the last game.  Maps aren't as big as I expected.The story seems to be all over the place, I didn't feel like I knew what I was working toward.Unless the multiplayer and other solo game mode(s) do something special for this game, I don't feel the value for the $30 sale price is really there especially if you already own SE3.  I'll update this after I've tried the rest of it, until then save your money friends."
76561198055068003,Recommended,312660,30019707,Posted: 18 February,all,bretsage,"Amazingly awesome game!  It is one of the first FPSs in a while that is really open world and gives you many ways to take down the enemies.  I learned, early, to use the overflying planes to hide the sound of your shots.  Tagging enemies and points of interest works very well with the binoculars.  AI is very good as well.  Similar games include Far Cry 3 and 4.  I just finished the first island campaign and am looking forward to the next one.  If you like the ability to go stealthy or just rip them with a machine gun, this is the game for you.  Stealth kills are very satisfying as well.  Enjoy. I am."
76561198011965365,Recommended,312660,33388225,Posted: 8 July,all,Saint Aaron,"keeps the open world aspect of its predecessor, but it improves upon it in every way. The locales here are beautiful and varied; throughout the campaign, you will go from the open green fields of Italy to a string of docks and warehouses at nightfall to sniping in a beautiful, lush forest. They went out of their way to keep the gameplay varied, not that they needed to. Getting headshots from 300 meters away and watching my bullet hit in slow-mo has literally never gotten old for me.This game adds kill cams for traps and melee, so you can plant landmines and watch in glee as the explosions wreck the poor guy's body in mid-run. There are no more spawn problems like in SE3; I loaded up the first mission and killed the target within a few minutes from a high point from over 300 meters away, which was the farthest objective. It was SO MUCH FUN being able to pick off enemies from so far away, only to get to their bodies later and forget even killing them, since it was so long before. The maps are large and have multiple objectives and interesting collectibles. I took my time in the game and tried to find as much as I could, so each level took me a few hours. If you rush through, it's possible to beat the game pretty quickly; it doesn't force you to kill everyone or to even take your time, but doing so makes some objectives much easier.Sniper Elite 4 also has upgrades you can unlock for your guns by using them in various ways, which was a lot of fun to see. I ended up using the starting gun all of the way through to the end of the game, since I'd upgraded it enough and found no reason to change. You can also switch grenades/traps/medkits out in your loadouts and build multiple loadouts, like the previous games. Though I rarely play multiplayer, I tried it out in SE4 and actually had quite a bit of fun. It's the type of gameplay where you can feel badass getting killstreaks (since it's harder to than in most multiplayer), but can also feel frustrated when you're part of the victim count in a killstreak. As you'd expect. being a sniper in a map full of snipers means you'll die very quickly even if someone sees you crawling through some grass.Sniper Elite 4 also adds some new elements to the series, such as talking to characters for extra side missions in the level ahead. I respect their innovation, but I felt this was largely unnecessary. The game would have done just fine by giving you those objectives to start the level out with anyway, but it certainly isn't hindered by trying to give you more story content. It does throw some side characters in that actually have roles to play, but really, does anyone matter but Karl? :POverall, Sniper Elite 4 is fighting desperately to take over Sniper Elite V2's spot in my top ten games of all time list. I was expecting more great killcams in new locations...I did not expect them to up the ante as much as they did, and this game is better for it. This series on a whole is just so unique and fantastic that I'd probably continue supporting it even if SE4 was more of the same, but given its quality, I will be enthusiastically supporting more content for this and Sniper Elite 5, whenever that comes (and it better)."
76561198271982794,Recommended,312660,29913046,Posted: 13 February,all,jhon23,"Well just completed the first mission in CO-OP and I'm very impressed so far apart from a few small things that are stupid imho. Karl Fairburne is supposed to be an elite sniper so why are there skill trees to unlock???, and also I pre-ordered to get the skins and Hitler mission, my friend could access them but I can't. OK so aprt from that it looks amazing and I prefer the way the levels are more spread out an not as linear as SE3, I have all of the SE games and this is by far the best on so far in the series. I am so glad that Rebellion asked the fans last year if we wanted the game in September I think or to wait for them to polish and small tweaks to make it better, and thankfully most of said we'll wait for the better version. Also something that has been missing from the series - suppressor, sound suppressor, sound moderator, or silencer and the fact that you can have Hollywood 'Silencer that goes phut' or how the actually work in the real world with subsonic ammo. Second thing I have always wanted was the De Lisle suppressed commando rifle which is a Lee Enfield No4 cut down and bored out to take 45 ACP pistol ammo subsonic which was used to kill sentries and anyone else very quietly.  So was it worth the £62 inc season pass?...... Oh yes, if you have never played any of the series go and buy this it is the best in the series. Thank you Rebellion you have made me and my friends so happy with what you have done, I only hope the full game will be as good as the first few levels./"
76561198110785693,Recommended,312660,32973797,Posted: 28 June,all,sergeant,The Best Siper Game of 2017. Hands Down
76561198006770245,Not Recommended,312660,30080410,Posted: 21 February,all,MRH112,"I am very 50/50 as to whether this game is ""good"" or ""bad"" by steams rating system, honestly I would give it 65/100 if I could but as it costs currently £40 I have to side with ""bad"".The game is fun if you like mindless violence and watching bullets tear through soldiers, it gives you a few hours of enjoyment. However this is also the con as the majority of the game is based around this mindless violence concept of bullet time, after you've watched this animation for the 50th time the effect gets dull and repetitive and then you start to notice the story, or rather lack of one along with the AI which seems completely stupid and only around to catch the bullets you fire like a live firing range. As other reviewers have said, if you have played the last Sniper elite titles this is no more than an expansion pack on those.The basic premise of this game is a chapter based story mode, you are in random large maps and given seemingly random and repetitive missions, ""blow him up"", ""kill him"", ""blow this thing up"", it gets dull by the third map because their doesn’t seem to be any point beyond ""see how far away I can kill this Nazi"". This would be ok if you had to use strategy, however the AI is so dumb even on hardest difficulty you loose immersion by how stupid they are.Also day one DLC's are a big no for me for a £40 game (along with showing them in the game as something you think you can unlock through hard play).If I could sum this game up in a few words it would be Hitman but with stupider AI and less kill options, yet that game got ""bad"" ratings and this is ""very good""... shows what marketing can do."
76561198116756594,Recommended,312660,29914164,Posted: 13 February,all,Pagefile21,"Absolutely loving it so far! Just 100% the first level! A completionists paradise! EDIT: I finished a week after release, but forgot to post a response. Still remains the same. Completionists paradise!"
76561198012115919,Recommended,312660,29929761,Posted: 14 February,all,ScratchCo,People complaining about terrible graphics on this game need their eyes tested or a better PC cause this game looks STUNNING!Way better than SniperElite 3 graphics and i thought that had good graphics. :P
76561198153233056,Recommended,312660,33577181,Posted: 15 July,all,Cyborg ♲,"Great game, if you like stealth and shooting with exelent animation, then this is game for you. Its similar to Sniper Elite 3 but with larger maps, maybe is not good for multiplayer, but for single player it is. If Sniper Elite 3 is 8,5 for me, this is 8,0."
76561197972925402,Recommended,312660,32947918,Posted: 28 June,all,CGU CRYSTAL™,Not feeling the love for this in the way I did for SE3. The maps are a bit too....urban.Gameplay is alright so far.Reccomended whilst on sale only.
,Recommended,312660,29950686,Posted: 15 February,all,BlouBulle,"Fun game with Faults and Issues that can easily be fixed.I would recommend this game even at full price if you like collectables and games that require a bit of exploring to get your bucks worth out of it. If you have played the previous title or don't like exploring maps and killing all enemies this may not be worth 60 bucks.Pros:Big maps that take at least 2 hours to fully explore and clean up properly.Head explosions (poof) and ball bursts (oww).Mines and traps that work well in a game! (yes I am evil, Dr Evil)Collectables.Skills, ranks, medals and badges.Cool little survival mode.Cool little shooting range (Y no trap, mine testing etc. devs?)Certain very good AI elements (command system with superior officers impacting soldiers).Decent weapon selection (contary to some reviews I find weapons good and varied).Realistic Damage, people are complaining that SMG's do crappy damage, well in real life it does sometimes take 6-12 body shots to down someone with a 9mm. Most guns HS in 1 shot (2 with helmet) and the big revolver 2 shots everything (it is about time that a game doesn't have 9mm rounds that go like lasers and still kill almost as well as rifle rounds!!). THIS IS REALISTIC!Cons:Textures aren't all what I would call AAA sometimes and guns sometimes sound weak (don't even ask about voice acting).Enemies take a bit long to spot you if you aren't shooting (ie if you stand in front of them, maybe allow player to adjust?).Enemies chase you when they have seen the last 3 guys die at top of ladder.Enemies stop chasing you after a while (like wtf they hear a shot, find a body and only search for 2-3 minutes for the sniper?).Survival mode needs at least 3 more maps and their should be other game modes as well (plant a bomb or kill 1 special guy randomly generated missions).Game not hard enough mission (never played SE game before, played on 2nd hardest and found it easy, two cliff deaths... cliffs rule enemies drool).Not enough MP modes (what about a vip mode where you have to protect your teams sniper or a mode where you must kill the sniper to get the rifle??? how hard can that really be (from a dev) ?).Overall the negatives seem bad but they can pretty easily be fixed, simply allowing the player to change how long the yellow meter takes to full up when spotted would be great (1-2 seconds instead of minutes would be good) and the ability to allow the player to add extra enemies in single missions would greatly enhance this (add 3 random extra squads to random area map or say 2 tanks/snipers in custom difficulty)....Also please allow the removal of mini map and spotted enemies on map... in fact let the player work it out if he wants to (no map data) on custom difficulty settings."
,Recommended,312660,30160069,Posted: 24 February,all,Blah F.U.B.A.R.,"The game has few options on how a person likes to play.Ive played all the sniper elites and this is the best one by far the levels or maps for each level are huge.You can stealth your way through the whole map by hiding in bushes and waiting for the chance to take them out with a ghost kill, or sneak up close and quietly take them out with your commando knive lay traps which you will get slo-mo footage of if they walk in to them.You have a choice of many weapons like the new silent pack pistol with silencer and whats new is the Delisle Carbine Rifle its range is a bit limited but will give you ghost kills most of the time its a silenced weapon.The AI are quite good make a mistake and they will hunt you or look for you and shout to each other and talk to each other to find you.Or you can run through it like a mad man with a machine gun but believe you wont get far they have there own snipers.The ballistics for the sniping vary form easy to as real as you can get by trying to judge it your self.So on a final note did i buy it because i have a youtube channel, no i didnt i only buy games i will enjoy and get my money's worth I bought the season pass with the game which i think is always value for your money get all DLC's as soon as they come out and cheaper.So yes it is a sniper stealth game its all about sneeking about picking your targets from distance.Or just blow them to hell."
,Recommended,312660,33260489,Posted: 4 July,all,andrewaltogether,"A mixed bag, but overall, it was pretty fun. (Note that I said ""was"" after 30 hours.)PROS+ Sniping (human-hunting) is fun+ Huge levels with lots of ways to approach the mission+ Rewards slow-paced approachesCONS- The ""epic longshots"" are usually about 400-500 meters, which is not that far- Enemy AI doesn't panic or try effective tactics to keep things interesting - they just hide, then act like it's all cool- Story and voice acting are absolutely bottom-of-the-trash-heap horribleIt's fun, but not worth $60 (few games are). When you start playing, you're very cautious. You stick to shadows where possible, stay out of the enemy's line-of-sight whenever possible, and only shoot when sound-masked, suppressed, or necessary. After you get used to the game, you start to push the boundaries. That's when you find out there aren't really any boundaries. The enemy can't really see you even on ""hardcore"". They employ one of two tactics when trying to fight you: 1) hide and wait; or 2) hide, rush, grenade, and wait. It's really annoying when, even after bodies litter the battlefield, you see guards further on in the level acting like nothing's wrong. It's a great tactic to shoot someone in the open to wound them, then hit his friends as they come to see what's up. Unfortunately, because this game relies on hit points and damage meters, most targets die instantly when shot in the foot. In short, Sniper Elite 5 would do well to take a more authentic and realistic approach. Somewhere between what it is now and Arma 3 on easy would be good."
,Recommended,312660,34084570,Posted: 7 August,all,Tokisaki Kurumi,"打通了第一章我来说说我的感想吧I've finished Chapter.1,now I want to say something about my feeling.画面中规中矩，其实挺好看的The graphics is neither very good nor very bad. I like the style.优化挺好The optimization is very good.我一个破980M  最高画质大部分场景也能有50~60FPSMy stupid NVIDIA GTX 980M can also run the game in 50~60FPS in most spots on ultra.但是游戏性嘛- -But about gameplay...半开放的世界看起来有很多可以探索的地方The semi open world looks like that there are a lot of spots that you can explore.而且也确实是这样，有许多的收集元素And it's true. There are many things you can collect.难度似乎有点高（对我来说）The difficulty seems a bit hard.(For myself)突击步枪的精准度十分神奇Assault rifles' accuracy is very strange.对着敌人打却打不中you just aimed at your enemy, and open fire, but you can't hit your target.也罢，毕竟这游戏是《狙击精英》Okay,that's fine. The game is Sniper Elite afterall.说实话，狙击枪的手感非常不错To be honest, you can use the sniper rifle very well but easily.拟真的狙击方式the snipe style simulates the reality.你需要控制你的心率，计算距离，甚至是风向，风速you need to control your BPM, caculate the distance, even the wind direction, the air speed.为了不被敌人发现，你甚至需要再有巨大噪声的时候开枪狙杀In order not to be spotted by your enemies, you even need to snipe when there's a big noise.这对于喜欢潜入的玩家来说是非常有意思的It's very fun for the players who like sneak.但是有一点很糟糕but there's one thing that makes me very unhappy.地图上有那么多栏杆，为啥我们的主角大英雄却没几个可以翻过去？There are a loooooooooot of rails in the map, but why our hero can jump over just several of them?游戏里面有许多反对战争的观念The game contains many Anti-War ideas.你可以不杀你的纳粹敌人，因为你知道他们也有自己的家人要照顾you can choose to kill your Nazi enemies or not to, because you know that they also have their families.可以说是挺有教育意义的so maybe it's a good educational way.(♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)评分 7/10Score 7/10这是一款好游戏，但是游戏性却有些糟糕it's a nice game, but the gameplay is a bit awful.p.s这游戏多人模式鬼服了，中国这里很难匹配到人，就算匹配到了也是200~300的ping"
76561198024608598,Recommended,312660,34532154,Posted: 27 August,all,Cookiebob,Find a friend and play through the entire campaign in co-op. You won't be disappointed.
76561197980595005,Recommended,312660,30809618,Posted: 29 March,all,GMG NZ*SoS*,"The single player is fantastic , the online is not so great every time i look to play a co-op there is never a server to play in.would be nice to have the two overwatch maps open for campain play.Though i do enjoy the game thus far."
,Recommended,312660,31674334,Posted: 10 May,all,zuppaclub,"never disappointed by sniper elite seriesgreat performance, great gameplay, great priceperfect headshot"
,Recommended,312660,29916494,Posted: 14 February,all,Sovereign Star,"The game is greatly reworked version of SE 2, rather than say it's from SE 3.In SE 3,  enemies are so cheap and dumb, you can even fool them with non-stop rock tossing, oh, and all of them must be nearsighted, but that's ok, it's fixed in SE4.Always stay in the shadow and only move when no one is watching at your position, anything that hits the ground, near, or past your enemies would have their alerted, which is kind of great and hardcore.If they're alerted, it will take a loooong time to have them calmed down, most of time won't ever if players constantly encounter someone that is engaging or until they kill everyone in the area.I was kind of concerned because your protagonist Sniper, Karl, somehow is able to climb chains and move around kind of like Assassins from Assassin's Creed. No, there's no air drop kill, so don't ever attempt to jump assassinate your enemies. xd But it's fine, not really bugging me, probably because Karl worked out.Environment design are great, however, what really buggers me is the chains... Sometimes, on a cliff, or on somewhere else that chains don't look like they have any sort of functions, I mean... who the hell even hang a chain on certain cliff??? Probably only Nazi xd.And lastly, THE GOD DAMNED LAUNCHING ISSUE, somehow, the game itself lacks a tons of DLL file for me to start up the game, which is fixed right now, so it's fine.If you're kind of player that love WW2 theme, and be a sniper, or not, the game is for you. :3[Opinion after gameplay]Quite good and great, you got a lot of jobs to do in its campaign, even if just main tasks. You can do some optional tasks for exp, and advantages.HOWEVER, OverWatch only has 2 missions, which I hope they will add more because everything ends too fast, and too early before you even have any emotional impact.Tho, I do enjoy frying up Hitler via his balls. xd"
,Recommended,312660,32886297,Posted: 27 June,all,Tedz,This game.. is just making tactics to kill the nazi scumJust buy it.Why are you reading? give them your money@!!!#!#@!$
76561198111512614,Recommended,312660,33158072,Posted: 2 July,all,ElektroFCK,"If Hitman and Metal Gear V would have a baby it would be called Sniper Elite 4.I cant remember when i had so much fun with a singleplayer game last time.Awesome performance, nice graphics and a refreshing setting. Interesting and intense gameplay with the right options turned off and on (see below in my text).The maps are open and pretty big, i need for one mission around 1.30-2h.( Sniper Elite Hard Difficult) You can choose what target you wanna do first and there are a lot of ways where and how you approach them. Loud or silent, full rambo style (you can do it but like in hitman or mgs it doesn't feel so good like for example in Max Payne 3) or sneaky with building a lot of traps for your enemies and ambush them.You can play agressive aswell and be sneaky in the same time. For example manipulate a generator which makes loud noises which cover your shoots. Its not like Hitman where a whole level full of enemies hunts you forever once ur spotted. Enemy is looking for you but if they cant find you they will move back to normal business. Sometimes you find special ammo, which gives u a silencer on ur pistol or ur rifle. But it reduce the damge.Only the story is not really a good one, boring characters and the story is pretty generic. But the background with historical references and the WW 2 atmosphere make you feel like u fight in WW2.How many WW2 games had Italia as playground? We fought in the Normandy, we fought in Berlin, we fought on the eastern battlefields. But almost never in Italy. Its not only sunny areas, there are night and snow missions aswell. And missions in...(dont wanna spoil anything)I recommend to play on the Sniper Elite (Hard) difficulty so the KI is a challenge and turn off the ""aim assist"". The red diamond which give you an indicator where to shoot when u hold ur breath.Turn it off. You will miss a lot shoots at start with the setting i recommend but learning how to snipe is a huge and fun challenge in this game. It takes a lot of time to master, especially the long shoots above 150m-200m. The problem here is the wind. There is a shooting range where u can practise ur aiming skills.Shooting a silenced gun isnt a guarantee that u wont be detected. The KI notice if some guys are gone from their spots and will look for them.I needed 22h for a play through for the campaign only! Kept mostly to the springfield rifle, Thompson and Welrod Gun.You can upgrade them in serveral things and there are small challenges which u need to fulfull to get for example 12x Zoom on ur rifle or a damage upgrade. Its not needed for playing the game but nice to have.So far i have unlocked only the 12x zoom for the springfield and there are tons of guns and options to go.The game has a lot of guns and stuff to experiment with and like i said it takes a lot of time to master the rifles in sniping - if u wish. If u want it easier. No problem. The game allows you to choose custom settings so you can turn off and on what you want. For example More aggressive enemies, no wind, but still easy difficult - no problem.I bought the Deluxe version which inc all Dlcs. For singleplayer campaign missions you get the Kill the Führer Dlc and a 3 mission mini campaign, the last part of the dlc isnt released yet. Date planned was sommer this year, so it will come in the near future.I didnt played the dlc maps so far, but i like the guns which the Dlcs give you. They offer new ways how to play the game, you can use them in the main campaign aswell.For the Example the De Lisle Gun. A gun which has a silencer perma sticked to the gun. If u played through a campaign mission with the main character you can choose other skins like a guy with a full Ghillie Suit. (DLC Skin only i think, but there are several skins in the main game aswell)Overall its a great game with a lot of depth and replay value if u want and the best Singleplayer WW2 Shooter since years."
,Recommended,312660,29932094,Posted: 14 February,all,Kazuto-kun,"Bring back a memory of sniper elite from the beggining its awesome, theres some new Addons like ""Range Adjusment"" its new to sniper elite, so its kinda hard to play it on the hardest level because its new thing and need some adjusment for me to do itBut its all the fun and you should buy it if you love being sniper and now it got like assassins creed too, exiting \(^0^)/"
,Recommended,312660,29946907,Posted: 15 February,all,WizardOfMars,"All the things I loved about Sniper Elite 3, on a bigger, badder scale. The new levels are massive and open up all sort of new opportunities for mayhem, and they've refined the core gameplay mechanic without messing anything up. I never liked stealth games until I got into Sniper Elite, now I'm addicted!10/10. Would kill Nazis again."
,Recommended,312660,30017008,Posted: 18 February,all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],refund infinite warfare for this game
,Not Recommended,312660,31552658,Posted: 4 May,all,rain,I liked the campaign however after a while it does feel kinda repetitive. The worst part for SEA players is that you can never find a multiplayer game. I guess just not many people in Asia play this game. I've tried waiting for an hour and still no one :(
,Not Recommended,312660,33419766,Posted: 9 July,all,White Zombie,"Saw videos on youtube of people killing hitler, cost an extra 9.99 to kill hitler, unhappy"
,Recommended,312660,32880176,Posted: 27 June,all,Captain Pew Pew,"Newcomer to the series, but I quite enjoy the game. Large maps and versatility are the main pros for me, and dumb AI would be the main con. I'd give it a 8/10"
76561198138216812,Recommended,312660,32726094,Posted: 24 June,all,..=IST=..SMF075..=UK=..,"Highly recommended, Excellent game play."
,Recommended,312660,34386903,Posted: 20 August,all,LLJKSiLk,"A much better version of the first 3 games. By that, I mean the maps are bigger, better designed, and there are far fewer stability issues. The core gameplay loop is pretty much the same as it was the past few times we got this experience, it just feels much more open.If I had to give you a bottom line review: This is one of the better Sniper games available on PC if not the best. Environmental kills are much more handheld than they were in prior games, but they make for great set pieces.Foliage/bushes are not just boxed in hedges now you can actually hide in tall grass.Ultimately you don't have to be stealthy, you can be rambo if you want. But think of this as playing the way you want."
76561198006217347,Recommended,312660,33645147,Posted: 18 July,all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"Sniper Elite 4 is a good game with an an enjoyable SP campaign and COOP missions bit if you are an achievement Hunter who wants to 100 percent his games do not buy it.Single Player.The SP campaign is good, the weapons feel and sound good, particularly the rifles. The acting is bad but in a campy enjoyable way. The layout of levels is excellent, there are multiple ways to complete the objectives and many possibilities for enemy takedowns. It's also a good length, it took me about 10 hours to complete the 8 missions on medium difficulty. There a whole lot of fun challenges that will extend that playtime.COOP MP.This is also pretty good, there are two COOP missions with sniper/operative dynamic that are substantial and we'll designed and the campaign missions are also playable in COOP. There are also a number of maps playable in COOP survival.Versus MP.While CooP and SP are good in SE4, vs MP is bad, biblically bad. I probably have played a worse MP game in my life but I can't think of one off the top of my head. It's basically a collection of campers who are camping in the same spot the whole match. The funniest thing is that they are not even sniping properly since every single public server has bullet drop and wind turned off and spotting turned on. The MP is also ""ded caz bad"", last time I checked out of 1000 players in game there were only 34 total worldwide in public vs MP.Note for achievement hunters. If you are keen on getting 100 precent in your games DO NOT get this game. It has the worst ""collect-crapathon"" achievements I have come across in any game. There are hundreds of pointless little snippets of stuff scattered around large maps and some of them are carried by soldiers which can move from their original position to investigate and alert so even with YouTube tutorial it is a massive and incredibly tedious slog. To make matters even worse the two CooP missions have collectibles as well which will need to be collected for campaign achievements. You will need a co-op partner and both of you will need to use YouTube tutorials. SO.MUCH.FUN... Something to add to that is that almost nobody plays CooP so you will need to organize a willing masochist for the completion of those achievements."
76561198109027161,Recommended,312660,29962406,Posted: 16 February,all,lepelouie,"The size of maps and the ability to ""free roam"" trough maps. I like the new adds like spotters as well the new arsenal like adhesive stick mines.If you liked SE3. you're going to like this one :D"
,Not Recommended,312660,30538000,Posted: 16 March,all,RAPTOR,"The campaign of this game is quite impressive. However, it is kind of boring at the moment when I am done with the single-player. I have never seen a game like this when I tried to play multiplayer mode, LITERALLY! LITERALLY could NOT find just ONE SINGLE GAME to start with. Spent hours searching, ended up with nothing, not even one match. Unbelievable! To me, this game is only a weekend's fun. Then, it is DEAD. If you want to have fun for a long time and love to match with other players. I could not recommand this game. It gets boring so fast if you are not into the campaign. And honestly, i think this game still has a lot potential and I would love to edit this review later on if the situation changes."
,Recommended,312660,33145850,Posted: 2 July,all,JassieJ.,"Picked this up during the sale, definitely worth the price I payed for it, it's a pretty good game."
76561198180680506,Recommended,312660,31802352,Posted: 17 May,all,KlausPoppe,I enjoyed the game playing greatly.A must-have for those interested in WW2 shooter while most players seem to have shown much less passion for WW2-themed games in the past few years.
,Recommended,312660,29922278,Posted: 14 February,all,WaWa Mania,"How many Hitler does this series have? xDGood games, fun to play, but where is my camouflage rifle? -_-"
,Recommended,312660,35227037,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir Joey of The White,"It's absolutely awesome, not very long but it's very fun and a bit of replayability too, such snoipe much nazi"
,Not Recommended,312660,29959712,Posted: 16 February,all,Kingxex,"What I learned about WW2 in 40 minutes:- German soldiers would walk backwards and forwards in open fields indefinitely- Soldiers were taught that if a man runs in front of you for less than 2 seconds, it is a phantom of your imagination- Environmental threats glow with a solid red hue and will always react in a predictable way if shot- Gas engines instantly detonate vehicles, despite in reality rarely ever producing a spark- Soldiers would cluster underneath containers weighing thousands of pounds, held up by simple rope- Shooting a rope thread at >100 metres is easy and reliable enough to attempt every time- Looking at someone through binoculars can tell you if they have depression- Enemies beyond a certain distance don't make any attempt to find or shoot you, and will instead abandon cover to run around in circles- Soldiers that see you are quite happy to go back to walking around nonchalantly if they don't find you in 60 seconds, even if you shot their friend in the face a minute ago and they have to go back to their patrol over their dead comrade's body- A .308 round (7.8mm) from a Springfield rifle to the stomach instantly kills a man and/or can penetrate steel helmets at 300 meters, but it takes several point-blank 9mm rounds from a MP40 to penetrate simple cloth- Average German eyesight in the 1940's was about 15 meters, using only their ears with bat-like precision to pinpoint a bullet's echo ricocheting throughout a valley- Generators turn on by themselves, are only suspicious until you turn them off and are apparently loud enough to mask over 100 decibels of erratic ballistic fire.- Lungs, kidneys, stomaches and testicles all have their own independant brains and if shot are instantly lethal"
76561198354670026,Recommended,312660,30764523,Posted: 26 March,all,SNIPERREC,only kind of shooting game id ever play ..i was waiting to find a sniper game but it had to be a real good 1 an to me this  (SNIPER ELITE 4 is .....plays perfectly on my pc also...
76561198218822855,Recommended,312660,34896201,Posted: 11 September,all,[SPH]---W*A*S*P---,Fantastic game that gets better every time you play
,Recommended,312660,32064141,Posted: 30 May,all,DrExK,"Very fun gameplay; There are many ways to accomplish missions; Open to all skill levels. Overall a polished product with minor bugs here and there but nothing serious. Save anywhere u like, and reloading is close to instantaneous.This is sniper game at its finest. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,312660,30465015,Posted: 11 March,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review of Sniper Elite V2:HereReview of Sniper Elite III:HereIf you're including the spin-off Nazi Zombie Army titles, Sniper Elite 4 from Rebellion is actually the seventh entry into the acclaimed series. The last main title released came out nearly three years ago, and the wait between games has left players in anticipation for protagonist Karl Fairburne's next adventure. Boasting the largest, almost open-world, levels of the entire series, Sniper Elite 4 promises to be one of the greatest sniper games of all time, according to publisher/developer Rebellion; have they been able to make good on their word?The events within Sniper Elite 4 take place immediately after its predecessor, although this time around the franchise is set in Italy and during 1943; a setting that is made known both visually and audibly, unlike the portrayal of Africa in Sniper Elite III. When the Royal Navy hears rumors of a new Nazi war weapon, they send the Orchidea, a massive freighter, to the island of San Celini to investigate. The ship is then sunk by the new Nazi war machine, which is none other than a radio guided anti-ship missile. Of course, OSS sniper and Lieutenant Karl Fairburne is then assigned to the case, and with every assassination he is led deeper and deeper into the war plans of the Nazi regime. To say that the storyline is fantastic would be extreme, but it's enjoyable; yet it's all entirely predictable for anyone who has played any previous Sniper Elite game.There's a total of 8 single player campaign missions, and each one can be completed in roughly an hour; this is taking into account that you're picking up all of the collectibles, and completing the secondary objectives. This is where the major problem with Sniper Elite 4 lies: It's a game that likes to think that it has extensive open-worldish maps, and certainly they look large enough on the in-game map screen, but in all actuality they don't feel nearly as big as they're made out to be. Also, admist these ""sprawling"" maps and ""expansive"" campaign, there's ultimately nothing to do, that is of course unless you're submitting to the filler content that is collecting letters, documents, and shooting hard-to-find eagles; there are secondary objectives for each level, but even they end up being collecting a document most of the time, or dispatching heavy artillery with a bomb, or sometimes you're blessed with eliminating another target.In the almost three year gap between Sniper Elite III and 4, Rebellion have not made much of an update to the franchise. This latest title feels, looks, and plays like the previous installment, although this time around Karl can jump gaps and climb obstacles, even though he can't lift his foot high enough off the ground to get over some small rocks. There are also new unlockables that are rewarded through leveling up; unlockables and upgrades that you cannot use with Authentic difficulty for whatever reason, mind you. There are also medals and ribbons that you can work toward achieving, a concept that was stripped directly from Gears of War 2. The game does have a co-operative mode, where you can play either the campaign or two specially co-op designed levels, as well as participate in the Survival mode. Survival is a wave-based mode where you must defend a control point from being captured by 12 waves of Nazi forces; in the base game, there are only three maps for this rather bland content.Everything about Sniper Elite 4 just screams mediocre, perhaps it's due to Rebellion's over-hype of how large the levels were supposed to be, or maybe it's because of how empty those medium sized levels feel due to a severe lack of things to do. Overall, anyone who enjoyed Sniper Elite III will find enjoyment in this fourth entry, but the asking price of $66.49 CAD feels rather steep for a game that comes across as a slightly larger re-skinned version of its predecessor. It's also high time that Rebellion start thinking of reworking their once flagship bullet x-ray camera shots. This is really a title that could go either way, depending on the individual, so choose wisely where you want to put your hard earned cash.Rating:3.0/5.0- Average, can take it or leave it.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198222257468,Recommended,312660,29920407,Posted: 14 February,all,[AAOB] RAW,"So far so good. Multiplay needs more players on each team, maps are huge for a 6 on 6. A few bugs to iron out like invite freind button in multi does not work. Players need to be patient first day and people are calling out players for hacking already. I'm sure Rebellion is on the Job. Recommend it highly, Time to Kill some Nazi's. Just remember it's a game not life and death so take a chill pill, relax and ENJOY."
,Recommended,312660,29986951,Posted: 17 February,all,Kuupio,"I have really liked all of the nazi zombie army games but not that much sniper elite 3, but this one is just really good. I really like that you can complete the missions the way you want and sniping is just really satisfying, the game runs great too on gtx 980 on high settings."
76561198043308302,Recommended,312660,29960470,Posted: 16 February,all,Uncle Sweetshare,"This is my first Sniper Elite game and it's waaaay more in depth than I expected. I'm a completionist so this fits me like a slipper. The only negative is the season pass, which I'll do a separate negative review. The DLC weapons are only available at the firing range."
76561197985096701,Not Recommended,312660,30132469,Posted: 23 February,all,Insano,"I love this game.Why the negative?-Because I paid $90 for a 10 hour campaign-with voice acting worse than the dynasty warriors series.-With weapons that aren't even available with ALL of the DLC (because the DLC isn't released yet even though the weapons are clearly visible)-and let's be realistic... the ""Kill hitler"" dlc is really not a very good mapBuy the game on sale (25% off is enough), or if they ever have a ""complete edition""."
,Not Recommended,312660,30015133,Posted: 18 February,all,Mad Moxxi 🐾,"I've played that game for 45 hours.45 hours of pure joy and happiness, i was shooting mens balls, setting smartass traps. i've played whole game on sniper eilte (hard) difficulty, and was halfway on authentic (hardcore) difficulty... really goodbut then that shitbug happened.MY WHOLE PROGRESS WIPED OUT, you can track my achievements, worked hard day by day, but then poof! NOTHING! like a havent done♥♥♥♥♥♥in-game... wierdly my stats and weapon progress still there, but that wont bring my mission progress, my guns, my loadouts, my level! FFS, i've wasted many nerves and time for what? for being wiped for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bug.that ♥♥♥♥shit happened with me after a multiplayer match ended. black screen and then someshit like i am starting the game 1st time. wierd♥♥♥♥♥♥- i am 50th lvl tho, but WITH NO PERKS or ANY OTHER ADVANTAGES, or no CASH to buy my beloved guns and stuff.-69 out of 10, one bug RUINED EVERYTHING"
,Recommended,312660,30037793,Posted: 19 February,all,stalkman farmskins.com,This game is the definition of how you release subsequent games in a series.Not like EA's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like FIFA.EA should take notes.Soild improvements over sniper elite 3.No more invisible walls crap and the movements are also fluid.Climbing walls makes the game even more stealthy.Graphics have been improved a lot and the game runs like fluid.Great optimization.New and improved Xray makes the game even more bloody and addictive.Only thing to complain is the dumb AI
,Recommended,312660,29926139,Posted: 14 February,all,Chris Redfield,"My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers. Eight Jewish-American soldiers. Now, y'all might've heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leaving a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into Italy, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwhackin' guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only... killin' Nazis. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a ♥♥♥♥in' air-o-plane to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hatin', mass murderin' maniac and they need to be dee-stroyed. That's why any and every son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ we find wearin' a Nazi uniform, they're gonna die. Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger. That means I got a little Injun in me. And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance. We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. And they will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us. And the German won't not be able to help themselves but to imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands, and our boot heels, and the edge of our knives. And the German will be sickened by us, and the German will talk about us, and the German will fear us. And when the German closes their eyes at night and they're tortured by their subconscious for the evil they have done, it will be with thoughts of us they are tortured with. Sound good?"
,Recommended,312660,32855096,Posted: 27 June,all,[BoTM] Anorax,I love the latest Sniper (I have played them all). The maps in Sniper 4 are incredible and so large they allow you to tackle the missions in multiple ways. I hope they add even more maps to snipe in. Please more maps Rebellion! :)
,Recommended,312660,33022107,Posted: 29 June,all,AsswassinsCream,"This is by far the best Sniper Elite so far!Pros-Bullet cams that, for me, never get old.-Weapons feel good-Testicle shot-Any organ shots-Grenade shots-Beautiful graphics-Good map design-Stealth mechanics that really work-Enviromental kills-You can blow alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥up-There is co-op, and it works!-Good optimization, I can max it out with a i7 4790 and msi r9 390. I stay at 60fps for the most part, drops on some occasions. Did not hinder my gameplay experience.Cons-Alot of good rifles are DLC only and that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Get it on sale and you wont be disappointed!"
,Recommended,312660,32989029,Posted: 29 June,all,TheVeikko,Good game!
,Recommended,312660,33910763,Posted: 30 July,all,JeRiL,"A vast improvement over Sniper Elite 3. The mechanics are the most refined as of yet. A.I. has also been greatly improved upon, with enemies noticing missing squad members and busted generators, and more.This game emphasizes stealth over run-and-gun.The main attraction is the freedom in pursuing objectives, owing to the very large level sizes. Secondary objectives are fun to pursue, and reward a lot of XP. Also, the graphics are a vast step-up from the previous games, with different locales and preset time of day for levels, detailed enough to immerse the player.A basic skill-tree system is also present, which functions more like a perk selector than a true tree.Weapon customization returns, along with challenges for mastering them. Parts and skins unlock via challenges.This game is mechanically more of Splinter Cell and Assassin's Creed: Black Flag combined with their time-tested sniping mechanics.Oh, and there is a basic story in the game. Nothing to write home, but it gives context to the levels and doesn't get in the way of gameplay, ever.Fans of the Sniper Elite series simply must give this game a go. Newcomers to the series may like this game, if you're into stealth games."
76561198011233902,Recommended,312660,31358269,Posted: 25 April,all,Mortlach,"If you aren't looking for a great story or an engaging main character but just want to shoot nazi's through the eye socket from a great distance, this is the game for you!Going from 'normal' (just bullet drop) and 'hard' (bullet drop + wind) is a huge step that takes a bit of getting used to, but once you've mastered it and if you can resist reloading after a missed shot, it becomes a wonderful game of hectic cat and mouse.My favourite thing is to drop land mines in places and just wander away. 15 minutes later, a message pops up: Trap kill! and it just makes me grin to no end.The missions are very replayable with all kinds of extra challenges, although not all of these seem fun for me personally."
,Recommended,312660,33463414,Posted: 11 July,all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"First of all when I looked at the trailers and dev gameplay walkthroughs I was not that impressed, I mean it was basically SE3.But some how I purchased this game on summer sale and gave it a try,man' I was hooked for couple of days.The visuals are some what outdated though some areas looks stunning.Gameplay is topnotch and maintains the Sniper elite kill satisfaction.Story is some what okey ( Excuse to kill more Nazis :P )I like it, it has my full recommendation, but do not buy the season pass. DO NOT BUY SEASON PASS"
76561198048672627,Recommended,312660,29917436,Posted: 14 February,all,Maximillian The great [DK],"Gameplay:Just played Mission 1 in 1.5H and i didn't 100% it, so i know what i and you can get.1) More then 14H in Single Player.2) Maybe long CO:OP Missions ( If you and your friend to 100% the missions)3) A lot of fun on Multiplayer maps..............................................................................................................................................Graphics:As a person who have played from Sniper Elite 1 and up to Sniper Elite 4 now, i can tell you this.The Graphics are more amazing then the SE3, even when the Graphics are not on MAX!.............................................................................................................................................Rating:I give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,312660,32831089,Posted: 26 June,all,romz,Excellent game for those looking a two player co-op game.
76561198283963542,Recommended,312660,31330132,Posted: 23 April,all,muratkarabacak78,It is a great sniper game. I can easily say that it will satisfy most of your expectations.
76561198159254682,Recommended,312660,31286000,Posted: 21 April,all,dgoff302,I think this game is awesome. I have all of the Sniper Games and Sniper 4 is the best. Worth the money; though I wished it had more missions. I did get a couple of the DLC's & looking for more in singleplayer. Buy it !!!!
76561198011021076,Recommended,312660,31280257,Posted: 21 April,all,r00ter,"i cant say anything bad about the game. if you like stealth games, consider buying it."
,Recommended,312660,34545733,Posted: 27 August,all,WinterGale,This is not a Ubisoft game.
76561198343617648,Recommended,312660,34885384,Posted: 11 September,all,◀TrisyeteartKZ▶,"Law-abiding sequel, the overall feeling still worthy of this special bar ~The game is mainly burst eggs, oh, no! Is the headshot! Plus the slow motion of the bullet time (although I prefer close assassination), rifle M1 really easy to use ~ carbine damage low point ~"
76561198278429557,Recommended,312660,30204706,Posted: 26 February,all,HyperionFIN,"This review is based on mainly Authentic mode (the hardest difficulty level) because I found the other modes to be full of lame & casual HUD assists, even the second hardest.Pros:- Very large and open sandbox style maps. Much larger maps than SE3- Fluid movement across the maps compared to SE3, you can climb & vault ledges freely- You can approach every situation in ton of ways- Supressed rifle ammo (quite limited) so firing sound doesn't have to be always masked- Kill cam is still good, never gets old- AI is best in the series- Most guns sound damn goodCons:- ...and some guns sound damn bad (some secondary weapons)- AI still could be better. But it's tough opponent on hardest level- Voice acting is cringeworthy, excluding player character. Luckily all skippable- The price is high, for something that has still some B-game feel to it here & there- All but the hardest (Authentic mode) difficulty levels are full of dumb HUD assists- The game gives XP a little too generously. You gain XP (to buy weapons and unlock abilities) even when you play like a complete tool & fail the missionHere's the thing.The game is too easy on even second hardest (Sniper Elite) mode. Most known YouTubers have videos of SE4, but they all used this mode, and sleepwalked through the mission.Because it shows an aim assist marker, that tells you exactly where the bullet will go if you hold your breath. This removes the whole point of having ballistics and wind, when you can see exactly where the bullet will go anyway, in any circumstances or range.Also, if you spot enemies with Binoculars, they stay spotted for the ENTIRE MISSION wherever they go, meaning you essentially have wallhacks. Way too casual mechanic. It would fit Easy mode, but a difficulty level called Sniper Elite? Nope.All this changes, when you crank it up to Authentic.No aim indicator, no magical map which tells where enemies are. You have to actually scout ahead with binoculars, but you can't mark enemies into HUD. You have to listen for footsteps, because map won't show patrols. You have to think with your feet, conserve ammo, and be patient & tactical. You need to wait for the wind to settle down, before making that long range shot. Unless you're really skilled.Rifles suddenly have characterIn Authentic mode, you have to learn your rifle, the bullet dropoff and how to compensate wind. Because you can't rely on the aim marker, and they all handle differently.I suggest spending a good while on Shooting Range to practice this, with the rifle you plan to use. In Authentic, each rifle has it's own learning curve, because the bullet dropoff and tendency to be affected by wind over different ranges changes, as the bullet velocity changes.Rifles with higher velocity are easier, less drop-off, less affected by wind, less need to lead moving targets. But they might have some other downside, like low capacity, worse scope or non-ideal loading method. Some are magazine fed, some clip fed, some reloaded bullet by bullet. When reloading in Authentic, all remaining ammo is lost. And HUD won't tell you how many is left. So this actually matters. In easier modes, reloading method matters very little, and you can rely on the aim marker anyway regardless of poor bullet velocity, which loses all the character of the rifles.Also, in other modes you can get unrealistic ""unlocks"" which upgrade all rifles eventually to overpowered and samey supercannons. In Authnetic mode, rifle upgrades are disabled (you still earn them, but can only use them in easier modes). Scopes with higher than 8x weren't used in WW2, and variable zoom scopes weren't a thing because they were unreliable in field conditions. In Authentic, the rifles keep their character, because if a certain rifle has 6x scope, you can't upgrade it. Which is historically accurate. So scope zoom level is part of the rifle characteristic, not something you can boost up to ridiculous 16x level, that no real WW2 scope had.Tactics and planning ahead mattersSetting up mines to cover your flanks before alerting anyone really makes the difference, because AI will hunt you down and are no joke. Being stealthy and creating distractions matters, since you don't want entire Third Reich after you. Hitting shots matter. You can't just think ""Oh but I will hit anyway with my magical aim assist"". ""Oh I will mow them down with SMG easily, if they come at me"". You have to be skillful.Then you get into advanced tactics, like shooting once with suppressor to see where the shot hits sparks in 200 meters, then load up regular ammo, make correction, wait for sound mask, and let off the perfect shot. (Suppressed ammo has lower damage). Or snipe suppressed shot into a rope that's holding some crates, that will crumble down. Enemies will come to check, but there's no alert since it was just falling crates. Then you have them in your sights. In night missions you can snipe lamp posts, and create darkness to sneak through. Or darkness to cover a guard below that lamp post, before you kill him.This is when the game starts to feel like sniping simulator with depth and tactics. And not whack-a-mole casual shooting gallery, where the main attraction is the kill cam. It's not fully realistic, but there isn't really any other sniping game out there, with this level of depth.Also, you can customize the difficulty level, and include all of just some of these hardcore elements. But just crank it up straight to Authentic, otherwise the game goes to waste IMO.With Authentic it's one of best stealth/shooter games in a long time. And easliy best Sniper Elite game ever."
76561197972677343,Recommended,312660,32014478,Posted: 28 May,all,Mettalikatt,"Graphically this game is quite good, Gameplay is fun, but the campaign gets a little dry. Overall gameplay mechanics are satisfactory, and bullet ballistics fun to experiment with."
,Not Recommended,312660,33246515,Posted: 4 July,all,Karkk af Bäverns vänner,"Overall a good and enjoyable game. The open maps and beautiful surroundings are a welcome addition. Although for me the game relied a bit too heavily on close quarter combat and stealth, lacking long range sniping opportunities."
,Recommended,312660,35208375,Posted: 25 September,all,WAAAAAAAAAAA,"- Joins No Cross German Multiplayer Sever -*Gets 2 kills in a row*""You have been removed from the server""Great game"
76561198071329970,Recommended,312660,30116617,Posted: 23 February,all,antonis_400,"Nice game, for those who want a game, to take their time and find many ways to kill their enemy... Big maps to hide and do your job. Good physics, and nice graphics!"
76561198038497739,Not Recommended,312660,34028680,Posted: 4 August,all,vmz23,"This is not a stealth game, it is a ""load up on ammo, find an exploitative place where the ai can't go or where you can booby trap the bottleneck to your position, and spend 15 minutes killing everyone in sight"" game. You literally are NOT ALLOWED to stealthily complete the mission.The dockyard mission for example. You have to destroy some searchlights and AA guns in preparation for a bombing raid. You have to blow up the aa guns with Comp B and kick the searchlights so hard they explode, drawing the attention of everyone within 300m of your position every time. There's no cutting the power cord, there's no silently killing the AA crew, there's only blow it up so everyone can come running. There's no way around it, you have to fight 100:1 every step of the way. Its annoying.The worst part is you are usually confined in urban areas shooting people at less than 50m, so it's not like you're even sniping those 100 people, you're just shooting a scoped rifle at short range.All being said, it's an ok game. When you can snipe at 100m-200m or more (like the first mission) its ♥♥♥♥ing cool."
,Recommended,312660,30030262,Posted: 19 February,all,Ron Swanson,"My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers. Eight Jewish-American soldiers. Now, y'all might've heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leaving a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into France, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwhackin' guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only... killin' Nazis. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a ♥♥♥♥in' air-o-plane to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hatin', mass murderin' maniac and they need to be dee-stroyed. That's why any and every every son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ we find wearin' a Nazi uniform, they're gonna die. Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger. That means I got a little Injun in me. And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance. We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. And they will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us. And the German won't not be able to help themselves but to imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands, and our boot heels, and the edge of our knives. And the German will be sickened by us, and the German will talk about us, and the German will fear us. And when the German closes their eyes at night and they're tortured by their subconscious for the evil they have done, it will be with thoughts of us they are tortured with. Sound good?"
,Recommended,312660,32726474,Posted: 24 June,all,Durnehviir,"Sniper Elite 4 is imo the best sniper game there is on the steam market for you to buy.I've played Sniper Elite 3 quite a bit and loved the game from beginning till the end. ofcourse we all play this game just for the x ray kill cams.i've only played the game 9 hours at the time of this review (but I've already finished it with a friend)PROS.X ray kill cams.Nut shots.A big variation in weapons, in sniper rifles, SMG and pistols.decent amount of customisation on every single weapon.loads of ingame and steam achievements.AI (in some ways)huge mapsCONS.weapons balancingAI (in some ways they got worse)sync in co-ophitboxes are slightly offamount of missionsIn general i'm quite pleased with what SE4 presented to us. but there are some minor details that should not have been ignored or overlooked.I really do recommend the game for anyone who is willing to spend at least 1 hour for a single mission and is ready to sit still for couple of minutes waiting for the perfect moment / shot.8.5/10"
76561198126672688,Recommended,312660,33023469,Posted: 29 June,all,RodZenT,"I totally lost myself in this game, I forgot what time it was. Its like somekind of new super drug."
,Recommended,312660,31453457,Posted: 29 April,all,ComradeGarfield,Very Niice.
76561198166406295,Recommended,312660,33147770,Posted: 2 July,all,Vila,"I was told to watch the West side of the objective, after spending about 2 minutes getting into position and setting up my tent, I saw a tank roll up... I walked away without telling any of my teamates that the enemy took the west side."
76561197974713969,Recommended,312660,33204903,Posted: 3 July,all,Thor God,Beautiful game with a great story line. Had a few technical issues with SE3 but had none with this one.  Kill cams are still a thing of beauty and like pizza or ice cream just simply never get old.
76561197967974872,Recommended,312660,33190961,Posted: 3 July,all,Nit3H8wk,I really enjoy this game.  I really wanted to buy the game at launch but i needed some serious pc upgrades at the time and on a fixed income i can only save small amounts at a time. It seems to run fine on ultra settings with an I7 7700 and gtx 1080. I Also have sniper elite 3 and can say it's not just new content but new style of gameplay. I have not played multiplayer yet but I will edit my review when i get a chance to play multiplayer. I was lucky enough to catch the sale on steam and get the deluxe edition.
76561198332889378,Recommended,312660,31499563,Posted: 1 May,all,tandragaming,"I would have given this Game 100 out of 10 Ratings if it was possible but since its not , this game deserves 10 out of 10 , Completely Flawless Best Sniper Elite Game Ever . Sniper Elite Series always keeps on Evolving  , Can't want to Play and Buy Sniper Elite 5 ."
76561198036456809,Recommended,312660,31568858,Posted: 5 May,all,CorpseGrinder,"Awesome story as always, with nice graphics and physics. The story was a bit short imo but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  I'd play story mode again! I've yet to play the DLC missions!"
,Recommended,312660,32685213,Posted: 23 June,all,Raven,"Im a big fan of the sniper elite series and this is easily my favourite so far.It has a more open playstyle than previous games and very nice looking much larger levels.Great replay value too with different challenges and achievements for different playstyles, a leveling sytem, customizable talent tree, collectables, unlockable upgrades and unlockable playable characters.Highly recommended 9/10"
,Recommended,312660,32923284,Posted: 28 June,all,TeaRex ¬ Gameye,"I've been a huge fan of these series since the start. And right before I got this, I played through every single one of them, uncluding the Zombies ones, So jumping into this with my new laptop and maxing this game out, it sure looks beautiful and runs great on a 1060. The game is visually pleasing, the maps are gorgeous and larger than the other games and I really enjoy the new customization of guns and characters.Highly recommended for those liking sniper games. This is by far the best one. Also great fun on Coop."
76561197972521329,Recommended,312660,30064134,Posted: 20 February,all,Puppy_Kicker,"Take your time or try to be a worldstar twitch n00b with sick no scopes, this game allows it.I love the graphics, the kill-cams, and the feel of the first few levels. Story is decent... obviously tailored to the TLDR crowd.Worth 59.99? Well that depends on your value of 60 bucks-- If you make 10 dollars an hour this is spending nearly a day worth of work I get your gripes... but people with degrees and salarys who are debating on this one, go ahead and pull the trigger because its worth a few days worth of entertainment and it's done well."
76561198068247033,Recommended,312660,30046747,Posted: 19 February,all,Please shoot me in the head,"Terrifically good, simple fun with a straightforward (arguably two dimensional) storyline - one of the few games I've every paid full-price for.I would add, though, that it ought to be played on ""Sniper Elite"" (hard) level rather than ""Marksman"" (normal) level. I'm a casual, rather than hardcore, gamer. But at SE level, the AI is smarter and you have to think harder about what you're doing and how.While there's a bit of a learning curve, it's not insummountable, you are forced to more thoughtful about how you play and the game is consequently much more satisfying.Finally, if our paths cross on death match or team death match, please do say 'hi' - before shooting me in the head.EDIT: The only thing I don't like is the implementation of the DLC. It's one thing to offer more content for extra money, but unlocking what ought to be standard features (ie: rifles you can pick up during campaigns) is extracting the urine."
,Recommended,312660,30125140,Posted: 23 February,all,[XLR8] SARTORIUS,"In this newest iteration of the now classic Sniper Elite series, we find ourselves in the heart of beautiful if stricken Italia, with it's plethora of vineyards, beaches, marinas, quaint villages, and the ocassional Nazi fort emcampment... the last only because this is 1943, Italy, during the nazi infiltration.  We are tasked -- as is par for the course -- as Karl Fairburne, to take out these Nazi scum, and any sympathizers.With varying levels of diffuculty, I found Sniper Elite 4 very similar to it's predecessor in terms of ballistics, and overall weapons and their general feel.  Shooting hasn't changed, but loadouts have morphed into a slightly more streamlined version.  The only thing that seems amiss or omitted are armor piercing ammo.  Though, ammo in this seems to pierce most surfaced except building walls and most metal surfaces without said bullets.I play on the highest settings, and the look of this game is very close to the most beautifully rendered graphics in a game I've seen in a while.  Italy looks about as good as it does in the real world.  Ambient sounds are true to life.  Birds chirp, wind through the trees... a water fountain.  All this comes to life with a realism that has you wondering, ""Am I really in Italy?""  Perhaps we are, if only in the comfort of our home, which is nothing compared to the Italian Villa we are slowly, stealthily prone in, awaiting the next nazi to show his face.Speaking of stealth... it hasn't changed.  Very much akin to Sniper Elite 3.  So, if you liked that, then you'll like this.  With prone being what you'll be doing most often on Authentic difficulty, you will be but a mere shadow to the enemy.  There is a few new elements I should add.  In the HUD in the lower left corner, there is a notification that shows how visible you are to the enemy (distance-wise) in a radius around you, given how brightly lit the area you're in is at the moment.  So, if you are standing under a lamppost, you will be highly visible for a greater distance, as say, prone in a bush, where you will be completely 'invisible' to them, no matter what distance, unless they are right on top of you.  In SE3, this was presented similarly with an 'eye', either closed, or wide open.Multiplayer:  Multiplayer is, as in most MP games, hit or miss, depending on your abilities, team, etc.  So far, on my new gaming rig, I have no mic, but I must stress, it is highly recommended.  Being able to tell your teammates about a nearby threat immediately via voice, is so much quicker and effective, than typing it.   By the time you type it, you, or they, may be dead.  Multiplayer has a feel similar to Survival mode, just with a little more realistic player movement and ability.  As for Survival mode, here is a short video of me going for an upgrade with shoulder shots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869433267If you aren't in multiplayer, no problem.  There are plenty of hours necessary in SP to give you enough action to last many weeks, if not months of gameplay.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone  who enjoys WW2 sniper genre games or just a challenge with beautiful animations, graphics, and realistic shooting dynamics.  A truly enjoyable experience.PS:  Don't forget to Xray testicle shot."
76561198174251723,Recommended,312660,31348654,Posted: 24 April,all,Freedom7,"Graphics are beautiful, I enjoy  every aspect of the game from the ballistics to the  kill cam so much fun I could play for hours if had the time."
76561198115488349,Recommended,312660,29922618,Posted: 14 February,all,Harley Quinn,"Good game. Found a bug may cause by loading. Shoot oil bucket and cause a blast, then, load nearest file after shooting. Enemy die but oil bucket still exist lol."
,Recommended,312660,31407247,Posted: 27 April,all,Nugget,"The whole thing is like Sniper Elite 3, but with bigger maps and more content. Which is a good thing if you liked Sniper Elite 3!"
76561197970435040,Recommended,312660,32811105,Posted: 26 June,all,kmansp,"Killin Nazis, playing as a character with a gravely voice, and a slow mo bullet cam.  Doesn't get much better than this.Picked this up on sale and don't regret it a bit.  In fact, was surprised how much I enjoy it.   The AI of the enemy soldiers is very impressive- they will do their best to box you in."
,Recommended,312660,34006634,Posted: 3 August,all,Arcane Blades,"Great game so far... bought it a day ago with the season pass... then it went on sale at 50% off... I was a bit annoyed at all the DLC content I had to buy to feel like I was getting the full game... I feel like the season pass shouls have been inculded in the price of the game... I've played all the Sniper Elite games... I love them... I feel a bit ripped off at the moment... some of it is simply because it went on sale a day after I spent about $95 for the damn game... I feel like some sort of advertisement at least a week earlier that it was going to go on sale soon...beh... not like saying anything here is going to help...Yeah... great game especially on sale. Sorry not super enthusiastic atm about buying it though....UPDATE:  Yep, this is a great game for snipers...If you have any experience playing this sort of game I would say play on hard mode for sure.  The 'kill Hitler' dlc is a bit short but of course we all have to kill him.... they should have added this part for free imo. The other 3 dlc were excellent and probably better than most of the game campaign.After playing the game I actually went back and played the solo survival mode games... they are actually fun. I don't usually find the bits after a game to be much fun but survival was nice to play a bit. I probably put 10 hours into that part of the game. If I ever want to return to the game it may be to play that part of it.I have no idea how multiplayer is... can't comment.The game and all the DLC content is worth no more than $50 in my opinion. I still believe I over payed. I did have fun though and enjoyed the game....ONE thing that bothered me was the movement of the character.... I could deal with it... but it is obvious that the character movement was clunky because it was made to work with a controller.... I REALLY hate that in games....it wasn't game wrecking but mildly annoying at times.If this goes on sale...I would buy it and the DLC content for sure...unless you are a sniping junky...I'd say wait for a sale.....the game is nothing so memorable you can't live without it until it goes on sale and you're bored imo..."
,Recommended,312660,31386892,Posted: 26 April,all,Azura Squifflepants,"Best Sniper Elite game ever. Which is great news for me, I love this series and the spin off Zombie Army Trilogy too... however, it's worth noting that the people who love this best are going to be the ones who play games to feel like a god. I don't want to die every 5 seconds, I don't want genius enemy AI (because no-one would survive attacking 500 germans with tanks and stuff if they were all as smart as Einstein), I want to feel powerful and cool. Sniper Eliter does that brilliantly, sometimes you're sneaking around picking people off quietly, sometimes you go full blown Rambo and enjoy every single silly second of it. I'll still be playing this in 10 years time... mainly because it's harder than it looks even in full ""filthy casual"" mode."
76561198148263699,Recommended,312660,34455345,Posted: 24 August,all,gstevens1290,"I like the game, big fan of sniper elite. Saying that, I would not recommend buying this game at full price, get it on sale. The game is way to short for $60. I don't care for the leveling up of weapons, i prefer the way sniper elite 3 did it, you get a say in how you want your weapon. If you like the series, catch it on sale, not full price !!!"
,Recommended,312660,33239643,Posted: 4 July,all,Sir Buttbumski,"Sniper Elite is the kind of franchise that keeps on improving with every new game. 10 hours in I've completed 4 of the 8 campaign missions. Every mission is a massive map you get dropped in to with tons of optional objectives and collectibles, the route you take and the order in which you complete your objectives is completely up to you.My only complaint would be the amount of dlc, but hey that's just how things are nowadays.If you've enjoyed the previous Sniper Elite games, this one is definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,312660,30637262,Posted: 20 March,all,Guardian_Angel,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game when it came out back in february. And I'm so glad I picked it in lieu of For Potboilor.Sniper Elite 4 is a visible step forward as compared to it's previous installments, so you can just take a SE2 or SE3 and multiply it by 2: that'll give you a perfect idea of what this game is.The two only problems I have with this game is its' graphical quality and it's main musical composition which is a slightly-editted version of SE2. Speaking of graphics - most of them are outdated by a 3-year time period, especially the anti-aliasing and SFX.Rather than that, it's a really nice game for a honest price.8/10"
,Recommended,312660,30038123,Posted: 19 February,all,SeikakuOtosan,"i have played all of the sniper elite games, and i must say so far it seems this line of games is running aginst the grain when it comes to sequels. most games that have sequels seem to get worse as the developers change things here and there. while this game series seems to be getting better as they change things here and there. 10/10if you liked the previous iteration, you should enjoy this one as well.if you were on the fence for the previous game, i would say buy it and give it a shot. remember if you are not feeling it to stop playing within 2 hours and you can always refund. but again, i think it deservs a shot."
,Recommended,312660,31480200,Posted: 30 April,all,H. Harpoon,Yay! They fixed sniper elite!  Its good again!
76561197970354789,Recommended,312660,30003888,Posted: 18 February,all,Kane,"A nice sequel to the Sniper Elite franchise. Don't expect a massive evolution from the third installment though. Biggest differences from Sniper Elite 3 are bigger maps, x-ray melee kills and the inclusion of surpressed ammo so to not make your rifle utterly useless when you want a stealthy approach and no soundmasking is available.Otherwise it's more of the same. Lots of different opportunities and approaches to your objectives and scalable difficulty and ""realism"" when it comes to ballistics. From casual call of duty where you aim you hit regardless of distance to wind, range and gravity beeing massive factors to where your hit lands. Ai can be customised to oblivious morons to psychic relentless machines.There are 8 missions + one dlc mission, each taking about 1-1.5h on Veteran difficulty if you only do the main objectives. 2-3h if you do all objectives. Replayability comes in the form of collectibles, trying different approaches and challenges.I spent about 33h on this game across 9 missions and some survival gameplay and I don't feel I'm done with it yet. I intend to take on some missions on harder difficulties.To me the fun factor comes in the gameplay and not the story. The story is as generic as any COD game.My old trusted rig i7 4770K, Titan Black with 16GB ram running win 10, ran this game flawelessly at maxed out 1080p with no drops under 60fps. No crashes, no hickups.Definately recomended."
76561197972044764,Recommended,312660,29917930,Posted: 14 February,all,KyleAssassin,There is no better feeling than shooting a Nazi in the balls and getting an achievement for it. Game runs well.Only gripe is the DLC for pre-purchase seems to be locked in-game.
,Recommended,312660,29986156,Posted: 17 February,all,AOL Instant Messenger,"I'm playing on Authentic, so no HUD, no aim assist, no nothing.The game is fun, but the AI is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. It's also a bit easy to run and gun instead of actually sniping.Still having fun with the game despite this. Worth 60$? MAybe not. Wait for it to go on sale. I haven't played the multiplayer yet so no comment on that."
,Recommended,312660,29925085,Posted: 14 February,all,Lone Lycanthrope,"I've only played about an hour of this game and I love it! I was a big fan of Sniper Elite 3, so I'm not surprised I like this game so much as well. The controls have changed, which takes a little getting used to if you've played SE3, but it's not that difficult. I really enjoy the improved graphices, especially the realism when looking through glass (scope or binoculars). Excited to play more!"
,Recommended,312660,32903707,Posted: 27 June,all,worf359,"Though better than many games, I'm not sure I buy the developer's idea of ""realistic ballistics."" Here's why:For this, assume a .30-06 cartridge, with a 150-grain bullet, fired with a muzzle velocity of 2,800 feet per second. (A good estimate for the M1 ball amunition used in the US military at the time.)Using a simple ballistics calculator, we get the resulting range card: (I'll explain what all this means in detail after the chart.)300 yard zero, wind from 9 o'clock to the shooter.yards_______inches___________10mph wind_____________________________inches50___________2.4______________0.9100__________5.0______________3.3150__________6.3______________7.5200__________6.0_____________13.6250__________4.0______________21.8300__________0.0______________32.2350__________-6.2_____________45.2400__________-14.9____________60.8500__________-26.5____________79.3550__________-41.3____________101.1OK, what does all this mean? Well, if you zero your rifle at 300 yards, (q/e when using the scope in game changes the zero) then at 100 yards, the bullet is 5.0"" high of where you aimed. Likewise, at 350 yards, it's 6.2"" below the point your crosshairs covered. So basically, over 350' of flight the bullet will travel +/- about six inches above/below the point of aim. What does this mean? Well, if you aim at center-mass of an averaged-sized human, you don't really have to account for bullet drop till you get out past 350 yards. (assuming you're not trying to graze the top of a sandbag to hit the dude behind it.) This is why ""best practice"" is always to aim for center of mass.Anyway, compare this to the in-game ballistics on the max difficulty, and you'll see that bullets drop of WAY more than they should. While I applaud the developer for trying, it's clear they need some range time.And I'd still recomend the game, despite this. Kinda like how I recomend the LOTR movies even though they aren't exactly like the books. Throw out what the real cartridge would do, and the game is a blast.For further reading on marksmanship/ballistics, I'd highly recomend ""The Art of the Rifle"", by Colonel Jeff Cooper."
,Recommended,312660,29954808,Posted: 15 February,all,Schroedster,My brother gifted me this. Lets just say it improved our relationship.
,Recommended,312660,31395231,Posted: 27 April,all,Professor_Goat,"Absolutely fantastic. Everything wrong about 2 and 3 has been fixed. This game is solid. Runs smooth, looks amazing and the gunplay is flawless. The single player campaign alone is life consuming. The only thing I could possibly ding this game on isn't the game itself, but the lack of an online community. There's plenty of actual players, but every body has different playtimes. So you will rarely see 30+ people on multiplayer at the same time."
,Recommended,312660,33231781,Posted: 4 July,all,Peace,By far my favourite Sniper Elite games
76561198068472749,Recommended,312660,32008350,Posted: 27 May,all,Skrool,"By far the best yet.  I have come to realize the fact :  The only way to play this game is in Authentic mode, otherwise you truly miss out on the effectiveness of the AI ...which seems to function considerably better when playing on Authentic mode, and, provides for many truly surprising moments.  It is the special moments which take place ONLY when playing in Authentic mode that the game really comes to life in the fullest sense.Unlike in SE3, this time in Authentic-Mode you don't die if you get killed, which, for me, was a bit of a downer.  I still have gripping memories of the airfield in SE3 / Authentic mode.... low on bullets, injured with no more bandages or med-packs on hand.  That is gone now.  So, in truth, there is really no longer a true 'Authentic'  mode per say [because, IF you get killed in real life, that's it, you're done, game over....try again], even so, it's more than made up for in the way the new AI does it's job.  Sure, it would be nice if you could somehow make it harder, but as it is, the AI is good enough to provide some very dynamic scenario's so long as you are playing in Authentic mode, otherwise, said moments are simply overridden with your hud and mini-map.  The satisfaction of hitting shots in Authentic mode with side wind under duress is great.  It can still be somewhat fun I suppose if you're not patient enough to 'git gud' enough to play it the way it's made to be played, but for me, it's not even close. To each his own I guess.Some people have said that the graphics are somehow inferior to what they should be.  Not sure who is having this problem / or why, but for me, the graphics are by far superior to SE3, as the game allows you to set the downsample rate to capture a staggering degree of detail....provided you have rid up to the task...which I do.  So as it stands, I myself am playing at full 4k res with the help of the games downsampling, otherwise I usually game in 2k.  So graphically, the game is quite beautiful.Also, the new 'Valkyrie' troops are fun.  All around, the game is a lot more dynamic than SE3.  You can climb up pipes, hang and shimmy off ledges and rooftops.  Great fun.Maps : the maps are really good in SE4.  The maps provide ample degree of movement for setting up your shots, and getting to a spot undetected can really be fun.  Some mission maps are better than others, but they're all good in particular ways.Weapons : At first I didn't like the change in terms of the need to 'master' weapons, but after playing it a while I saw the light.  It's a great solution and makes sense.The only gripe I might have would be to say that I wish they would somehow allow for a much harder Authentic mode.  To me, what passes for Authentic mode, would be more suited to fall under the heading of 'Sniper Elite'.  Not sure why they don't do this considering the fact that the bulk of the loyal following of this series of games tends to be all-in in terms of liking a hard gaming experience.  Those who you hear saying that they run and gun through the entire game in a few hours are not meant to play this game, let them go play doom or the like.  But for those who are in it for the Sniping experience, higher difficulty directly equates proportionally to a superior sniping experience.Those who like the experience of sniping as if their lives actually depended on success...will very much appreciate this game.  Such people WILL approach the game very differently than someone whose looking for a run and gun FPS.  ..Sure, you can play this game like that, but in truth, it totally ruins the entire experience.  Why bother.Thus far I have over 100 hours into it and I'm only just now really having a blast due to master of my weapons; [I play offline so my game time won't show...].I give this game definitive thumbs up.  Only wish they'd keep on making more DLC for this game....If they did, I'd keep on buying them."
,Recommended,312660,32663803,Posted: 22 June,all,Real_Ender_Wiggin,"Why didn't I buy this game right when it came out? It is amazing, and you should buy it right now. You can shoot someone in the balls, watch it in X-ray slow motion, and then loot their body, find out that their name is Adolf and that his dad died when Adolf turned 10, and that his mother has cancer and all he wants to do is get home and take care of her, makes you instantly regret killing him. But then you remember why you killed him, he smacked your friend to death, and you go on your merry way killing many more Nazi's to come and forgetting what you just witnessed."
,Recommended,312660,29923553,Posted: 14 February,all,TragicIsNothing,Aim > Shoot > Kill cam !!!
,Recommended,312660,32703996,Posted: 23 June,all,Tundra Hunter,"Beautiful graphics, good gameplay, excellent price. Recommended."
76561198068865782,Recommended,312660,29918579,Posted: 14 February,all,kafstar1,so well optimised. looks so good plays so well 10/10
,Recommended,312660,30090655,Posted: 21 February,all,Z71Silverado06,Really Great Coop Campaign Really Liked The Game
,Recommended,312660,29915603,Posted: 13 February,all,Kongo Bot,"Hanging on the edge of a balcony.About 5 meters to the ground.Press ""c"" drop down.Dead.Good old sniper elite has returned."
,Recommended,312660,29925491,Posted: 14 February,all,Corrosion,"""All luck and no skill"""
,Not Recommended,312660,30166027,Posted: 25 February,all,Hauken,"I had to return this game and have it refunded, I dont know why I cant enjoy the newer SE titles when I really enjoyed SE V2, the new ones just feel empty and boring, maps are big with freedom but I feel it's the gameplay that just doesnt mix in with this.. It feels so arcade and weird, Sniper elite 4 is the same i felt about sniper elite 3.."
,Recommended,312660,30379911,Posted: 7 March,all,Gamery,"Killing nazis is fun, especially if you shoot 'em in the balls."
76561198040441754,Recommended,312660,29967436,Posted: 16 February,all,Braunegger,This game is great!
,Recommended,312660,30100050,Posted: 22 February,all,BizarreSky,"Co-op is fun. my freind's play style is a bit different than mine. It's fun to steal each other's kills.""hey! I was going to kill that guy""-""He was right next to you, I shot him before he could hurt you""""But I wanted to stab him""I shot Hitler in the testicle, got an achevement.I like this game it just feels good when you land a shot.Recomended if you like stealth shooters that hand you a sniper rifle and is like, ""have fun""."
,Recommended,312660,29974432,Posted: 16 February,all,Unavez,"I have played the first 2 missions and I'm very impressed so far.  The graphics are much better than the last 3.  I love sniping and stealth so this is a great game.  You can really finish missions in many ways.  I can choose to finish alternate missions within missions at any order.  I also tried the multiplayer and enjoyed the no crossing maps.  More players are needed, but so far so good with the maps.  I'm not too keen on the tagging with binoculars, but it does go off after a while so relocate if you think you are tagged, you will hear bullets going your way lol."
,Recommended,312660,30660475,Posted: 21 March,all,yeet my son,Throwing rocks at Nazis is surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,312660,30086961,Posted: 21 February,all,✔,"i liked the game. it was fun, i wish more people played the mp."
,Recommended,312660,30063218,Posted: 20 February,all,Mithril,"This is a much better game than Sniper 3, which also was a good game. You should get it, instead of reading this :)"
,Recommended,312660,30062796,Posted: 20 February,all,Bubba,"Wasn't expecting a major feature and mechanic overhaul. Afterall, Rebellion DID say this was a direct continuation of 3 so technically it IS supposed to be very similar to SE 3. Just different environments and a continuation of the story, which is fine by me."
,Recommended,312660,30068306,Posted: 20 February,all,f3.mp4,i had to change my recommendation review after i got SE4 to actually work beautiful graphics and insane gameplay
,Recommended,312660,30075600,Posted: 21 February,all,J.Z JiN.,I love this game. It's especially fun to co op with friends. Kill cam is very satisfying but I wish it would be a bit more bloodier as you cant make it to leave a bloody hole on your dead trophy. I like the fact that it has a survival mode which makes the game very replayable.
,Recommended,312660,30135732,Posted: 23 February,all,EriC150516™ | skinsjar.com,"My top games 2017, very recommended, good gameplay ever .."
,Recommended,312660,30096489,Posted: 22 February,all,Sultan,Awesome game i like it.. :D
76561197981019230,Recommended,312660,29927540,Posted: 14 February,all,Incubo,"A huge improvement over 3!!First I would highly encourage you to play this with a friend as it just make the game that much more enjoyable.Pros:Silenced ammo- Now you can tear up the AI with or without sound masking!More xray cameras- My friend and I can actually frequently see our xray cameras now! amazing! In addition you can now get xray cameras on shrapnel kills (ie grenades/gas cans) and melee kills.Large open maps-We had a small taste of this in 3 but this game does a beautiful job of creating these large ""do it your way"" maps.Wall Climbing- You can now climb certain ledges, walls, and houses for another route to take or to stealthly take out a enemy.Better Stealth- Hiding in shrubs or in the thick brush is super fun and makes it very hard for you to be seen. With the wall climbing it makes it easy to slip away when you do get detected. ""Relocate successful.""More long range options- This is a sniping game so up until now I really felt that there was not that many 400m+ shots you could take. That definately all changes in this game. Long range shooting and trying to line up that perfect moment when that patrol is standing still is very fun.Cons:Optimization- Framrates are the biggest issues for me at the moment. Frankly this game looks great BUT when I dip 20-30 frames on a certain map (forest level I am looking at you) then that makes for a bad sniper expereince. I have resolved most of my issues by just playing around with the settings but you might have to test your settings a bit before finding the best solution.Weapon customization- I was a little surprised at the lack of customization they had for this one. Weapon mastery is fine but I think you should have had some parts to try to find or obtain other then just using the rifle.Multiplayer Cheaters- All you need to do is go look at the leaderboards for ceratin maps on coop or multiplayer missions to see that cheaters are still around. Hopefully this will be fixed quickly but I am not sure it will be.To say the least though I would highly reccomend this game to anyone. If you have a friend you can play with that makes it event better. In my opinion 9/10.May the first shot be with you."
76561197992545886,Recommended,312660,29974550,Posted: 16 February,all,DoHnUt,"I was not sure if I would like this game. I am used to more of fast paced FPS, but I was pleasantly surprised with the enjoyablity of this game. The graphics are outstanding, I have dual GTX 1080s in SLI and this game takes full advantage of the SLI. I have not experienced a single glitch or bug in the solo campaign. I am looking forward to multiplayer as I become more familar with the game play. Great Job on the development of this game."
76561197998276877,Recommended,312660,30064953,Posted: 20 February,all,{NS}☠Grimm☠™,this game is good now that the glitches are all worked out it fun
76561197985076429,Recommended,312660,30069012,Posted: 20 February,all,lrj_36,"Same as 3 with a little better graphics, bigger maps,  It is a good game, but not worth the $70. Wait for six months and buy it on sale."
76561198076341391,Recommended,312660,29928013,Posted: 14 February,all,Sss,"I've been playing it for a few hours... Loving it already.Beautiful Italian islands and outstanding gore porn. Just beautiful.This glorious piece of software is optimized beyond your usual AAA game as expected.I play it at 1080p in absolute ultra settings (even anti-aliasing) always hitting above 60fps. Pretty great considering I'm still using a Radeon HD 7990, an obvious proof that average software development is miles away from a lot of raw hardware capabilities.The developers did a great job overall besides adopting DirectX 12 (oh my, this should be mandatory).Simply put, this game is worth every single penny.Edit: I wish the campaign were a lot longer ://"
76561198354944223,Recommended,312660,30019204,Posted: 18 February,all,THEvRAY,"plays very good and it looks amazing. story is a bit weak, but i love the game anyway."
,Recommended,312660,30044565,Posted: 19 February,all,DaddyJoker,"This game is great! I am a life-long student of WWII, so this type of game is perfect. The game was advertised as having huge maps, and that is definitely the case. Overall, the game is well done, programmatically. I have a few hitches in the cutscenes, and also with the takedown x-ray scenes, but they are not pervasive.Set in the days pryor to the Allied invasion of Sicily in 1943, I have really enjoyed the amazing, mountainous terrains, landscapes, and other attention to detail that make the backdrop to the journey feel like you're in the time period.The weapons have a little more upgrading power to them than the previous releases, which is nice to see. The upgrades are merit based, and encourage you to explore using weapons that you probably don't normally play with. The really cool thing about this is that the upgrade system is well-conceived and not tedious as you would find say in a CoD release. (They also have a mastery golden version for each weapon, which reminds me of my Golden Gun Days of GoldenEye 007.)The gameplay can be as stealthy or as loud as you would like to make it on each map. I also think this is their most successful attempt at creating a 'sandbox' type atmosphere for the objectives. With the maps being so huge, you really are left to simply explore the world and take out the Axis forces in times and palces of your choosing.In prevous release the the AI seemed a little too saavy about finding your location with some kind of majical x-ray vision. This realase leaves them having to figure things out a little better based on sounds patterns from your weapons / movement.Multiplayer is fun, with bigger maps and the same gamemodes as SE3. Very cool.I've been with the series since it was a sleeper hit on CD release 11 years ago. As with all of the other SE games, I will be trying to take this one through to 100% completion. If you have liked any of the previous Sniper Elite games, then you will definitely be pleased with SE4!"
76561198054950794,Recommended,312660,31508651,Posted: 2 May,all,BobbyBoris,"As is the norm today with AAA games not just this one which is very good, but if your a solo player and have no interest in Multi-player they will get the better product. Whilst solo players have to fork out  money for every extra, Multiplayers will be given extra maps, modes etc. for free. So in my opinion as a solo player wait for the bargain prices for both games/DLC/season pass, let the multuplayers bear the burden of proving the game they get the most bonus out of the game.I do recommend the game as it is good but as a solo player wait for the bargain prices to ge the most benefit for your money."
76561198058257532,Recommended,312660,30110958,Posted: 22 February,all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"Gameplay is extrodinary, a lot better than SE3 with bigger maps, more objectives and better gadget options. Thats been said, you know the publishers are rat asses when the DLC items are literally visible in your loadout before they release those related DLCs."
76561197970695064,Recommended,312660,31795734,Posted: 16 May,all,Slimey,"I got this on sale and boy am I glad I did. At full price this a great game and more than worthy successor to 2 & 3, but at cut price its a bargain. Challenging enough on normal difficulty, I've just completed on novice as well, for the hell of it (and to have a  go at the challenges). Feeling I'll have a bit of a break and go back on the higher levels and see how I fare. With so many ways to go about each map, from run n gun to outright stealth (try killing less than 10 is one of the challenges I almost mastered).I can see it getting tired after multiple replays, but some of the DLC looks interesting (though I may wait as I don't like the idea of paying for the virtual equivalent of a new game just for 2 maps). Given teh size of the maps, I'm hoping teh DLC offers more than what came with SE2 (which wasn't bad but it didn't hook me in like the main game).If you get chance to snag this in a sale do it. Even at full price it's damn good."
,Recommended,312660,31815362,Posted: 17 May,all,sauravmaddog,"So yeah , learned enough german from this game.  Achtung Minen lol"
,Recommended,312660,31513539,Posted: 2 May,all,Lonewolf,"This was my first Sniper Elite game. I have always thought the Sniper Elite games to be the 'B' grade games of the gaming world. However I have been pleasantly suprised by this game. The dept and sheer scope of this game is amazing. Features like: bullet drop, heart rate management, gun velocity, positioning and so many more things that I would not be able to mention them all. I am very happy that I bought just game on impulse. It has been one of the most enjoyable sandbox games I have played this year. I cannot comment on the story, so far it does not look like there is much, instead the game focuses on the huge open area gameplay where you can scout and plan your way to completing your objective. The way you want to.I will update this review when I have a couple more hours in, to post my findings of the story and character progression."
,Recommended,312660,32345501,Posted: 11 June,all,Mastur Cheef,"Scouting out, planning, executing and adapting your plans in the Sniper Elite games has always been what I've enjoyed most about them.Sniper Elite 4 has been no exception in encouraging you to do just that. Great game for strategy."
76561198087551021,Recommended,312660,32866794,Posted: 27 June,all,'s-Hertogenbosch,"This version of Sniper Elite seems be quite nice. SE3 was a disaster, I really did not like it. V2 was heaven, what a great game. Looks like if Rebellion has learned from mistakes made in SE3 as this is quite promising."
,Recommended,312660,31520379,Posted: 3 May,all,[ZONE]BleedingEdge,"Really awesome game, even better than Sniper Elite 3 which already was really good.Definetly a must-play!"
,Recommended,312660,31674031,Posted: 10 May,all,THICC,"It's kinda like Hitman, but with more cowbell."
76561198046348246,Recommended,312660,32900816,Posted: 27 June,all,:D,eliminate ducshland ːProblemBearː
76561198379123243,Recommended,312660,33018348,Posted: 29 June,all,GHOST,"Its ok I guess, Not the best Sniper Elite but its alright."
,Recommended,312660,33000918,Posted: 29 June,all,DucreuxMeme,"Level design is superb, following a sandbox-style that made HITMAN (2016) famous."
76561198154332389,Recommended,312660,33001376,Posted: 29 June,all,Magic Header,its a nice game
76561198058786663,Recommended,312660,32796316,Posted: 25 June,all,EviL™,Sniper Elite 4 is a good game. I never play the last simply because I never liked the playstyle but after play this one it is very enjoyable. It is important to note that I did not buy it for the full price but when it was on sale therefore I have to say that it was worth it only because I did not spent $60 for it.
76561198376537445,Recommended,312660,32939013,Posted: 28 June,all,Chicken King,very good sniper. worth every penny
,Recommended,312660,32995281,Posted: 29 June,all,Nana_Eroshi,Epic Sniper game!!! Very Good!!!Score form me 9/10
,Recommended,312660,33101561,Posted: 1 July,all,Yeeeee,shot hitler in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10 would do again
76561198033855829,Recommended,312660,33122715,Posted: 2 July,all,El Duderino,"The game, is fun."
,Recommended,312660,31454005,Posted: 29 April,all,Paul,"Game is pretty difficult at first, but once you understand the basics, it's pretty epic. I myself haven't gotten too far, but I can tell as I progress further it will gradually get more interesting. It's almost like a fun history lesson. Also, graphics are AMAZING! Definitely would recommend!!!"
,Recommended,312660,33117007,Posted: 1 July,all,Jodeth,"Based on the first two missions I played, I can honestly say that it's worth every bit of my $30. Very fun gameplay, flawless kb+mouse controls, excellent optimization, good visuals, audio, etc.Note: You don't need an i7-3770 to play this smoothly. I run an i5-4460 and it has performance to spare! Framerate is ALWAYS over 60 fps."
76561197984413156,Recommended,312660,33014657,Posted: 29 June,all,Liteit,"Best part of the series.Beautiful, challenging and very well optimized.10/10"
,Recommended,312660,30034289,Posted: 19 February,all,Dazrael21,I enjoyed it even more than the last one.
76561198047231865,Recommended,312660,33103447,Posted: 1 July,all,PIPES69,"Great game, everything has beeen running smoothly, Excellent single player campaigns, Will buy again if another versions comes out in the future"
,Recommended,312660,30094975,Posted: 22 February,all,ZapCord,"If you've never played this series before, this is the one to start with. The scale and AI are so much better compared with the others in the series that the bad parts of the game can be overlooked.New mechanics include:The relocation mechanic from SE3 was on the right track after being unable to stealth after shooting in SE: V2. However, the new mechanic in SE4 makes a lot more sense. AI don't randomly forget you after walking 30 meters now. They will only be off alert if they tried to find you and failed to do so. Guards are also now alerted to the player's location by triangulation. The first shot usually results in everyone running for cover. One can no longer sit in the same spot while sniping and remain unspotted at the same time unless planning ahead of time.The AI also seem to be better at working together to try to kill you, giving a more immersive experience. Ex: while in high alert, a guard saw his friend die while trying to climb down the ladder. The guard tried first to get a shot at me, but I didn't move. He moved all the way around a bunker to flank me. If I was playing on authentic, I wouldn't even have noticed his relocation and probably would be dead.The guards also seem to use grenades a bit more liberally as well in comparison to other games in the series. They will try to use grenades to flush the sniper out when in high alert if the sniper doesn't move.Set zeroing distance for sniper rifles: 0m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m, 500mSuppressors for sniper rifles. There's an option in game before start to toggle hollywood ""silencers"" or more realistic suppressors.Subsonic bullets for pistols. No more using welrod solely for stealth (if you don't want to) as long as you have these equipped or found some in the mission.2 types of trap set-offs:Rock can be switched between rock or whistle to draw attention of guards. No more throwing rocks directly at your feet to attract guards to your position.Mines can be set on delay. Landmines can be set to 2 feet touch to set off, bandages/med packs can be used for regain of ""breath"" at a trade off of less healing.Karl now has a skill tree based solely on level.Weapons are now unlocked by using coins from level-up. Guns can still be picked up from dead enemies, however.Weapon upgrades are now based on achievements done in game as opposed to upgrades found from looting dead enemies in SE 3.Overall, I thought this game was worth it. The day 1 and week 1 dlc kind of makes me sad though.Update: completed the main campaign on sniper elite with all secondary objectives in around 11 hours. Not all collectibles were found though."
76561198120120855,Recommended,312660,33206722,Posted: 3 July,all,Aki秋,"Third MissionI as a sniper shot all the German as always.BUT, this time is a bot emotional. (for me)I shot a NaZi's and i go for him and searched up what he has and then dump him into the sea.and i found a letter i collect from him and here what it said:Dear xxxIf you get this letter then it already proof that i'm dead. Please don't get mad or sad for me becasue i won't be able to feel it. Then bla~bla~bla~. i want our son to become a doctor. And please tell our son that their father is a great warrior tht fought for the country and their future. bla~bla~bla~. xxx go find a second love and get over the past. i wish you the best of luck. bla~bla~bla~bla~-Schmidt out.........( i only wrote the sentence that gave me emotional for dumping the guy into the sea ).All those past were brutal but they are still human being that fought for their country.R.I.Pfor those whome died in the war"
,Recommended,312660,33222832,Posted: 4 July,all,Dr.Walrus,Decent. The larger maps allow for more freefourm gameplay. still plays the same as Sniper Elite 3.
,Recommended,312660,29995146,Posted: 17 February,all,John Smith,"There I was taking a deep breath calculating the wind and bullet drop for this shot, Taking out a high tier Nazi officer 419m away from me.I checked everthing one more time, I set my scope to the right distance and slowly pull the trigger.The fate of the officer was sealed, the bullet had started his journey that would not even last a full second. It travelled across the beautiful landscape of Italy, above some low ranking soldiers who seemed frozen in time, it passed a few inch of a wooden pole supporting a watch tower and just above the stone balcony right in to the head of the officer.because of my elevated position the bullet did hit him at an angle, it shattered his right cheek and eye, his jaw splitted in two and his brains deformed of the massive impact.but when the bullet left his ♥♥♥♥ing head and I got the outside view he was ♥♥♥♥ing ready to be mister Nazi-germany 1943.I always liked sniper elite, I have the tradition to buy it right away when it comes out and just finish it in one day.The story is like always kinda meh. Don't expect anything. I will list the things I care the most about.Pro's+ The maps are much much more open world, even to the point of giving it a far cry like feeling, take the mission how you want isntead of following a 10 meter wide road killing people who cross you on that road.+Killcams have been improved slightly+AI is much better too, they form proper strategies when investigating your last known position. counter attacking them when they are doing this tactical attack on you feels statisfying and extremely immersive.+Melee attacks finaly have xray killcams+World feels much more alive, there are friendlies this time and you'll see (scripted) battles between enemies and friendlies.+Beatiful sceneryCons:-Still. No. ♥♥♥♥ing. Scratch. on the outside, when WHEN will this come, to some maybe a small detail but it ruins the immersion (pretty ♥♥♥♥ign important on these kinds of games.-Physics, mostly the physics on the ragdolls, who look like they have little to no bones in them, the gravity on them is also pretty unrealisiticly low. and when you throw them into water, it will not slow them down and they will not generate a splash.-Ai vision, altough the AI is vastly improved it feels like they have those little things that people hang on the side of the eyes of a horse. you can come at a angle from the sight were you form a 90° angle with their front and will still not detect you if you stand next to them.- there are only 3-4 Melee killcams-when shooting a enemy with your automatic rifle you'll have fair chance of hitting their grenade and that♥♥♥♥♥♥will blow up in your face.8/10"
,Recommended,312660,32367311,Posted: 12 June,all,genesisweapon,"I love this game. Love it, love it, love it. It's fun, straightforward, but has enough twists and turns that you can play the same mission ten different ways and have a completely different outcome. And all outcomes are possible -- you can walk in like Rambo and blow up everything in sight. You can sneak in like a ninja and walk out with minimum casualties. You can use bombs. Guns. Hand-to-hand.And the DLCs. Is there anything more satisfying than killing Hitler? I think not. I'm currently dying for the final chapter of ""Operation: Deathstorm.""Yeah, total win. This is the first game I've bought for a friend -just- so we can play together.My only complaint is that the speaking volume in the Multiplayer game chat is very hard to hear, especially over the music. I just use a different service for that, though, and I'm golden."
76561198021656170,Recommended,312660,31405912,Posted: 27 April,all,Ahket,"A very good representation of sniping in WW2 I should think. The story is good, the graphics are excellent.And now we have further missions. Really worth the money spent.Ahket."
76561198021168641,Recommended,312660,30688543,Posted: 23 March,all,100%3Xclusiv3,My best recommendations.. Love these games..
76561198009261376,Recommended,312660,31403285,Posted: 27 April,all,~JawZ~,"So I've recently finished this games main campaign and replayed all the maps again on the most difficult setting. This games almost feels like an open world given how huge the maps are. This is a very enjoyable sniper elite title. Great graphics. Decent audio on the rifles and sub machine guns. The guns have a definate punch to them. You can nearly feel the kick of the weapons in the controls when you pull the trigger. Only thing I didn't like was how the enemy always seem to know where you are, even when using silenced weapons. Still, an awesome gaming experience."
,Recommended,312660,30029741,Posted: 19 February,all,Bruce Wayne,"Excellent successor in the Sniper Elite series, great sniping experience, very robust from day one, excellent performance which gets even better with DX12 (>80fps on 980ti with everything maxed out). Just a great game, buy it!"
,Recommended,312660,30684616,Posted: 23 March,all,Supertorresmo,"Great game, a natural evolution over Sniper Elite 3. Also you can now save in Authentic Difficulty, so it is playable for us gamers that don't have two hours to play in one sitting..."
76561198024327278,Recommended,312660,34276057,Posted: 16 August,all,Citizen Alpha,"I was a big fan of the third one and this one is more of the same with some minor improvements.  Sniping in this game is done better than any game I've played before and the open ended maps allow you to take a wide array of approaches.  Plus, come on, you can shoot Nazi's in the balls."
,Recommended,312660,31208142,Posted: 17 April,all,Capa,a great atmospheric stealth game (similiar to metal gear solid) providing a serious strategic gameplay and a very good story.
,Recommended,312660,31413892,Posted: 28 April,all,Shane,"Pros: The perfect stealth-sniper game, with realistic bullet penetration & trajectory, and amazing gory bullet sequences that the Sniper Elite series is known forCons: A confusing mix of stealth and action. Short campaign. Graphics are satisfactory"
76561197972828189,Recommended,312660,31467577,Posted: 30 April,all,Saabman,Brilliant
76561198038060882,Recommended,312660,33246164,Posted: 4 July,all,IngeborgRakvag,"Very enjoyable. It's a bit irritating when missions end automatically after a certain action you're supposed to go through. Let me do ma job before I get out! :v Also it would've been great if the ""hit return to get the tutorial"" button stuck around for more than half a second, and/or that it was easier to find these tutorials in the system. Besides that though, very fun!I've yet to try out multiplayer, so this assessment is only about the singleplayer mode."
76561197991892527,Recommended,312660,29920670,Posted: 14 February,all,Saides,A excellent sniping game well worth the wait for. So I got a little shock at the beginning with some of the DLC was locked/not playable I mean the Aliied and slient weapons pack.  But when they came out and those weapons were unlocked I was satisfied.  I have a few questions about the DLC missions but overall Im very happy with this game.
,Recommended,312660,31587843,Posted: 6 May,all,OrangeGills,"I enjoyed my time with this game's campaign. It's an open ended WW2 shooter, with a focus on sniping, but you can just gun everybody down with a machine gun if you darn well please.I turned off the slow motion X-ray kills after the third mission, I got tired of them."
76561197991266494,Recommended,312660,31589173,Posted: 6 May,all,DOP_Superstar,"Marginal improvement on SE3Overall quite a pretty sniping game no major issues reported.Single player I like this a lot feel free to take your own route to each target, great re- play ability.Team survival again this is a great new addition to the game great fun.Multiplayer the big let down IMO over large maps with ever few online community players makes for quite a boring experience bigger is not necessarily better- Rebellion please make smaller maps or allow more players in each game.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,312660,34704543,Posted: 3 September,all,Slade,"Eh, it's the same ol same ol. However that's what keeps us coming back. If you liked any of the other SE games then you will like this one."
,Recommended,312660,29972193,Posted: 16 February,all,Checkit203,"Personally, I still prefer SE3 over SE4, but this game is still very very impressive.The maps are just too damn BIG, campaign is still ~relatively short (8 campaign missions).It only took me about a week to finally reach level 50, which in SE3 I NEVER reached, even after 3 years of playing on/off.I really wish the game wasn't 60$, and because of that, multiplayer is dead, with few people who actually bought the game for multiplayer purposes.still a major step forward,"
,Recommended,312660,34648673,Posted: 31 August,all,Master C,"Finally you don't have to wait for a sound mask because we have suppressed rifle ammo in this version!Btw, the enemy snipers are really the sniper elites.They can shoot you down again immediately right after your partner retrieved you."
76561198043018961,Recommended,312660,34283621,Posted: 16 August,all,Pilot,"Just as some background I played V2 and 3, overall I enjoyed V2 but not 3.Sniper Elite 4 in my opinion fixes a very large amount of the clunky issues 3 had, for example the meshes of objects seem to fit better, before you might think you have a clear line of sight but in reality a rock would have an invisible 'shell' that would expand an extra 5cm from the rock. Many other issues such as that feel improved.The maps/ missions now feel way less linear when compared to SE3, mainly because each mission is quite open world, although there are still a few limitations. For example some towns you can tell you are funnelled in certain direction but it is not noticeable at least during gameplay.Some mechanics are still broken and can be abused. A main example being the rock throwing, you can chain throw rocks to move a soldier pretty much anywhere you want. If there are three guards you can get one to walk away a good hundred meters then shoot him, after 20 seconds or so the other two guards will go mad in panic searching for their missing comrade and it just fells broken.Despite my criticisms I would still recommend this game above all other Sniper Elite games. It still has issues but it has greatly improved."
76561198020881578,Recommended,312660,30419435,Posted: 9 March,all,HOUDINI,"Excellent !  Sums it all up in one word.Sniper Elite just keeps getting better and better everytime they come out with a new issue of this type of game.I have had no issues running and playing this game, anyone complaing about poor performance is having an issuewith their own PC it's not the game.I paid $59.99 for this game and feel I got my moneys worth, plus folks you have to remember it takes a large crew ofvery well experienced people to make a game as good as this  and so even with the price of what I paid for this game it will take a lot of sales for them to be able to pay for their time and effort they put into making this game..There are so many cheesy, worthless, garbage games selling for the same amount as this and I feel I'm getting ripped off all the time, not with this game though.Graphics are excellent, game play on all levels is superb, with excellent extra content and tasks to keep you busy.Maps are very large and free roaming is excellent too.What I like about this game the most is it can be played many ways, play as a sniper or go blow your way through it with an MG or SG it all works and well at that."
,Recommended,312660,31727745,Posted: 13 May,all,Einhander,"TL;DRat the bottom.What I've played: About 60 hours in total. Finished Campaign twice, on the top two difficulties. A little multiplayer.Price paid: $45.00 on a Steam sale, plus about $15 in DLC.Experience with Sniper Elite beforehand: All 3 Sniper Elite games completed, loved 2 but disliked 3.I was on the fence for about two months with this and finally went for it when I saw the price drop during a weekend sale. I'm glad I did.Singleplayer is the best in the series, and if you're a fan you'll feel right at home here. Maps are massive, varied and have a bunch of ways to get creative with how you finish them in multiple playthroughs. There's also some worthwhile DLC missions if you still need that Sniper Fix, and for the most part they're worth it (other than the Fuhrer mission). The Killcams are back and better than ever, and sneaking around is more fun now that foliage actually presents you with the ability to move around. The game isn't totally bug-free, but aside from some minor sound issues or weird AI glitches (seeing dead bodies through walls - come on!) it hasn't impacted the game enough to bother me. If you've played Sniper Elite before, you know what it feels like overall and that doesn't change here.Multiplayer, unfortunately, is almost totally dead. Even at peak times here in the US, there are maybe four servers with people on a good day. Almost always, they're set to your typical Team Deathmatch settings, with bullet-drop turned off and Aim Assist enabled - meaning every match just becomes a point-and-click bulletfest. It's a shame too, because when youdofind a server that allows for proper Sniper fights, the game is at it's most exciting. Maps have plenty of spots for you to perch up and get clever with how you get into cover, allowing you to get off some pretty impressive shots.  Unfortunately, I've had this happen maybe twice in the ten times I've tried to find a game over the last two weeks. At this point I've just kind of given up.Overall, if you've liked the other Sniper Elite games you'll find yourself happy with this one. It does everything the other games did but better and a little more polished. If you haven't touched the series before, I might recommend starting with Sniper Elite 2 first to see if it looks like something you'll play. Chances are you'll be playing the Singleplayer for 95% of your time. If you're looking to play a lot of the Multiplayer predominantly, you might want to wait for a big Steam Sale and then see if the community gets some life put back into it. Altogether, definitely a great game.tl;dr- If you're a fan of Sniper Elite, you wont be disappointed. Multiplayer is dead. Wait for a Steam Sale if you're new to the series."
,Recommended,312660,33367876,Posted: 8 July,all,Tactical Espionage Operator,For those Sniper lovers out there grab this game.Every bullets count and one bullet can change history.
76561198006555408,Recommended,312660,29942438,Posted: 15 February,all,NickNitro,"Great game, playing on highest difficulty removes the HUD. Makes it that much betterwould shoot nuts off again 10/10"
76561198339927667,Recommended,312660,30089193,Posted: 21 February,all,Necros196,"Man gotta admit I love this game.The only reason I downloaded steam is to play this awesome sniping game.Don't even check the price guys, just buy it. ;)"
76561198060771908,Recommended,312660,30381148,Posted: 7 March,all,Reaver,"Like a John Wayne movie.....the actor, not the reattached♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dude"
,Recommended,312660,30106936,Posted: 22 February,all,Fuby,"I have waited a while on this next part in the series and I am not disappointed. I now use an Nvidia 1070 card so any issues of speed is mute. The game seems so optimized I doubt anyone with any card within reason will find issues. Over all its a great looking and runing update in the series.  The size of the maps and the detail have really recieved a boost since SE3 and a sight to behold.  So many ways to accomplish your mission, makes it a well used sandbox game.If there is one caviat to the whole game it is still the AI not being as smart as we wish.  You can still hide in a bush and they will give up searching for the killer that blew their friends head off just moments ago. If you are  a good enough shot , it is possible to make noise from a distance and just wait for them to come for you and still make it through the missions.  Ofcourse the fun is found trying to be stealthy and do some melee kills along the way.  The whole campaign took me around 15 hours going slowly and enjoying the search and the views.  The Kill Hilter DLC was quickly beaten as well.  Including as much fun as the campaign, especially the time spent in shooting that weasel in the head..lolIf you liked the previous versions, don't hesitate on this one.. well worth the cost.. heck, I even grabbed the season pass already without waiting for a sale, just for the Ghille suit and to make sure I don't miss any other missions in the future. Now its time for Multiplayer, which also looks like a wining setup and needing more players!( I assume everyone is still playing the campaign first)  They seem to learn with each version how to make the community happy! Well done Rebellion!Already looking forward to SE5!  4/5 stars!"
,Recommended,312660,29963326,Posted: 16 February,all,Al Gore,"If you loved SE3, you will love SE4.Maps are giagantic compared to SE3 maps, everything the game has to offer has  been bumped up a few notches,Fantastic game,  only a few  missions in and feel its a solid game.10/10 would kill nazis again"
76561198056591778,Recommended,312660,30177510,Posted: 25 February,all,The Kiwi,"I'll start with stating the obvious: It doesn't have anything particularily new, compared to its prequels.Missions are larger, vastly more open and introducing several ways to completing the main objective, among 3-5 side tasks for every area.Graphics and general visual settings may be higher in resolution and detail but it's relatively the same.As for gameplay and mechanics, it may be more open to alternate solutions and somewhat improved world AI, but in the end the game plays and feels pretty much the same, but it's imposing less restrictions.The introduction of fully stealth-based playstyle and scope zeroing have been something I've wanted since I first played SE:V2. But sadly even the authentic mode does not feel authentic enough. But it is excusable, as it was never intended as a direct simulation of realistic sniping conditions.It is a game that portrays WW2 specialist behind-the-lines action as some sort of heroic gun-ho with hardtack one-liners and One Man (Or Two) Army combat. Though it is all in its combination quite ridiculous, it is undeniably satisfying.To me the greatest change from the previous installments is the ability to choose your approach.Wether you choose to go;Hard, Up-close and Loud. (Shotguns in a non-spinoff SE game FTW!)MaybeLong Range, Long Gun and Deadly Elimination, (Precision, Precision, Precision!)orQuietly, Cautiously and Patiently... (Declare yourself dendrophilian and hop in those bushes!)It all gives a much better experience and strategic confidence, rather than the linear paths of SE:V2 or the overly-crambed valleys, streets and bases of SE:3, barely ever allowing any really long-range engagements save a couple of missions.Sadly with the lack of a huge change in gameplay or any significant new concept to its overall design, I grew tired of the game rather fast. Had it been released as the first in the series I'd have spent hundreds of hours on it, but my enthusiasm has been drained from over-playing SE:V2 back in its day. (It may say I only have little over 100 hours in SE:V2, but I shamelessly admit to having re-played its demo on Xbox 360 every single day for a week because I loved it but didn't have the opportunity to buy it at the time.)Still, if you were a fan of any SE game you should definitively get it, heck if you're a fan of sniping or WW2 action games in general, you should also get it, without bothering to get any of its prequels because they're exactly the same just worse anyways.7.5/10"
76561197974951290,Recommended,312660,32907791,Posted: 27 June,all,bosaru,Awesome game!
76561198030668236,Recommended,312660,31884461,Posted: 21 May,all,dazchef,the sniper elite so far :-)
76561198332965128,Recommended,312660,30757636,Posted: 26 March,all,captain caveman pp,"Great game but I have spent hours trying to access my dlc packs, while showing installed in my library I cannot find them in loadout on single or Multi player, if any one can give adice and tell me the process from right click downloadable content i would be very graetful,"
,Recommended,312660,33143002,Posted: 2 July,all,Mountain Man Murdock,Good graphics and interaction.
,Recommended,312660,30103608,Posted: 22 February,all,Eriksen,I once shot 4 balls with 1 bullet :D
,Recommended,312660,31347419,Posted: 24 April,all,DariusGOD2007,I never thought I would enjoy the sight of testicles exploding so much*proceeds to shoot his own testicles*
,Recommended,312660,31836758,Posted: 19 May,all,pourquoi,"Sniper Elite 3 was mediocre due to its lack of exploration (in my opinion), though I still thoroughly enjoyed it. Transitioning was smooth and I found Sniper Elite 4 to be SO much better regarding exploration and just the storyline. Graphics are amazing as always and I think it would be worth it only when it's ON SALE - full price would be a bit too much.Definitely recommend it:- Graphics are great- Killing Nazi's is fun- Side objectives are fun- Storyline is fascinating and interesting"
,Recommended,312660,33354473,Posted: 7 July,all,NJFarrant,"Purchased having never played Sniper Elite before, but boy I was certainly not dissapointed.Fantastic game so far, well worth the purchase price.It's not often these days you get stuck into a game, but so far it's been fantastic and I cant stop playing!!"
76561198038896333,Recommended,312660,32770437,Posted: 25 June,all,KingKoontz,If you liked Sniper Elite 2 and 3 you'll love this one too.
,Recommended,312660,30055999,Posted: 20 February,all,Sierra,"Bland story but oh so satisfying gameplay.As the game title may have given away this game is about shooting, and it's something the game handles really well. It shines at Authentic difficulty where you don't have any aim assist or other on screen crutches, forcing you to take into account bullet drop and wind at various distances. This introduces an element of skill that makes shooting challenging and fun, and successfully pulling off a difficult shot at long distance is really satisfying.In addition to sniping the game also has an important stealth element where guards are avoided and fighting is done up close and personal. It's up to the player to choose what kind of approach he wants to take, and both stealth and all out war are fun ways to complete a map.The story itself is pretty standard for a world war two setting, but sadly the characters are super cliché and uninteresting to the point where I find myself wanting to skip the talking cutscenes.I'm surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game however, and I can really recommend it for some great coop with a friend. It's not perfect; the campaign could have been a bit harder even on Authentic, and outside the campaign there are not that many coop maps available for other game modes (Overwatch and Survival). All in all though; great game and lots of fun!"
76561198022491157,Recommended,312660,30021774,Posted: 18 February,all,Johnnie Walk Her,"Yes if you like a short game, start to end in hard 6 /7 hrs and the DLC should be part of the game not another 10 €"
76561198003058464,Recommended,312660,30708958,Posted: 24 March,all,Bonn,Fun game... but it is REALLY short.
76561197970542912,Recommended,312660,30053283,Posted: 20 February,all,Yes?,"Sneaky sneaky, shooty shooty, stabby stabby, blowy upy, stealy stealy and all this in MUCH larger areas - just what the doctor ordered.Each game has been an improvement on the one preceding it. Can´t wait to see nr 9."
,Recommended,312660,34276681,Posted: 16 August,all,Mistaken Bacon,"very goodedit: i take it back, storyline is way to short. still a good game tho"
76561198122975728,Recommended,312660,33241943,Posted: 4 July,all,cameronwynne2012,when i went to purchase this game i was almost put off by people saying the graphics was off and not put together very well. i must say that i was very happy that i did indeed purchase the game; it is so beutiful in places considering it is a game about war.per level so far it hass taken me about 1.5 hours to complete a mission however tht isnt with all the collectables that you can collect per level.It is a great improvment upon past sniper elite games and is definatly worth a buy. 10/10
,Recommended,312660,30763378,Posted: 26 March,all,dextar,Best one in the series.
,Recommended,312660,31462179,Posted: 30 April,all,Qinglang2142,better than 3 :D
76561197995656949,Recommended,312660,30755700,Posted: 26 March,all,christopherktom,"Just compelted SE4 and it was a good game but there are a few things that need fixing in SE5. These are suggestions I want passed along to the development team so I'm not looking for feedback.- Running and turning at the same time isn't responsive enough for me. There's an unusual wide turn radius that has gotten me killed more often than not. When I try t dash around a corner, it almost never works.- When I'm looting and release the E key, it takes too long for the looting action to stop, which should be instantenous. This is an issue for me because if I'm sudden under fire, I want to change from looting to fring and the game right away."
,Recommended,312660,34398312,Posted: 21 August,all,[PSC] combatvizslaiv,"Combat's SE4 ReviewGraphics:The graphics of Sniper Elite 4 are pretty good for such a small game, and for a rifle-based game with long-ranged shooting the details are certainly good enough to get some really, reall long range shots. I run SE4 on an Intel Core i5-7500 and a NVIDIA GTX 1060 at 1080p, highest settings at about 120 FPS, depending on location (inside maps tend to give higher framerates.).Gameplay:Gameplay is fun, smooth and polished with little to no glitches or bugs. While the campaign is fairly limited, consisting of only 8 missions (in the base game, more missions are sold as DLC), the game gives you a ♥♥♥♥ load of replay value with different weapons, achievments an in-game challenges to complete, not to mention the open-world style of the game which lets you complete the levels however you like. For a good challenge, do what I did and complete the campaign with an American set of weapons and the next time try it with a German set of weapons.The campaign offerssixdifferent difficulties, Cadet, Marksman, Sniper Elite, Authentic, Authentic Plus and Custom which allows you to change the rules of the game, which is prety fun.The campaign (on Marksman) takes roughly ~10 hours, depending on you take the levels.Recommended?:Yes!A solid 8.5/10 from me, which passes asCOMBAT APPROVED!You just keep being you, have a good one."
,Recommended,312660,32816549,Posted: 26 June,all,Kaiser Wilhelm,>be me>badass sniper and nazi killer>spots guard in tower>intel says he misses his daughter>shot him in the head>after mission I check the collectibles and see the last letter section>finds the letter of the guard who misses his daughter>spend an hour crying in my bathroom10/10 would mourn the vitrual soldiers I killed again
,Recommended,312660,31598678,Posted: 7 May,all,Tea2theBag,Good game.  Worth a buy.
76561198385333507,Recommended,312660,34025146,Posted: 4 August,all,jawharton,"Really great game. Slightly updated from snpier elite 3, kill camera still fantastic, and melee kills are ingenius and varied. I dare anyone to stop playing this once you start. You really are hooked. Would recommend highly. One of my favorite all time games."
76561198366302706,Recommended,312660,34283120,Posted: 16 August,all,Roman Bellic csoffer.me,Addictive
76561198141376588,Recommended,312660,33823235,Posted: 26 July,all,Mephiston,"Sapper Elite 4, not Sniper Elite 4. Awesome game once you realize confusing the enemy is the whole idea. Destroying vehicles, taking pot shots and causing chaos in general. You can use the enemies ability to triangulate your position to your advantage by setting traps and/or sniping the response force from a different location. Watching them freak out and expose themselves to try to get to where they think you are is great fun. If you try to go full stealth you may not enjoy the game as much, and im not sure thats how its intended to be played."
,Recommended,312660,32499068,Posted: 17 June,all,[S.W] lollipop -TN™,most beautiful sniping game
,Recommended,312660,32556972,Posted: 18 June,all,[SOW] CDR. Jackson,"Great game, Lots of fun!!!!"
,Recommended,312660,35324161,Posted: 29 September,all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Great looking game. plus smooth gameplay!
,Recommended,312660,34777127,Posted: 6 September,all,Cat Valentine <3,"Summary - Sniper Elite 4, is a 3rd person, mid-open world game, mainly sniper forced game, but also successfully implements the ability to use other methods to fit the way you wanna play the mission, long range, short range, sniper, pistol, knife, stealth, guns blazing. Set in WW2, in Italy you play an American sniper in an attempt to liberate the Nazi's from the area. The game mostly focuses on gameplayer rather than a deep story line, it just puts you in a random location and you are to follow the missionPros- Ability to play missions as you want, without anything feeling rushed- Although a singleplayer focused game, a survival, multiplayer and shooting range are avaible- Long time play time if you don't rush it- Maps are unique and different from each one- Ability to choose different guns and equipment as you go in to the next mission- AI actually work pretty goodCons- Movement mechanics, felt a bit clunky at times- The way AI handles sound, is terrible, you can blow up a truck 20 metres away from an enemy and he won't hear it- Could of added a bit more story instead just prue gameplayVerdict: Overall, Sniper Elite 4 I would rate is my favourite sniper game of all time, keep in mind that I haven't played many... although this isn't normally the game I would be interested in, I certainly enjoyed playing it"
76561198021710772,Recommended,312660,29914157,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr. Bonds,"I love the whole Trilogy.  Now This game seems to have alot better controls, and AI Is very smart.  Once they have your position, it's GOING DOWN!  You better be ready.......   A 1 Graphics.  I can't say enough!  Definately one for the Library.  I have'nt got on the Multiplayer yet, but i love what i'm seeing soooooooooo far!"
,Recommended,312660,30014571,Posted: 18 February,all,sad,Shoot testiscle is what makes you a sniper elite!
76561198315758054,Recommended,312660,29918615,Posted: 14 February,all,jvann16,;)
,Recommended,312660,29926424,Posted: 14 February,all,prophyz,"Although Sniper Elite 4 has its flaws, it is easily the best title in the series yet. Rebellion has gone out of its way to deliver an even better sniper experience and did an extraordinary job doing so.The series is infamous for its X-ray bullet-cam, which rewards players for good shots by slowing everything down and showing the moment of impact as your hit lands, and the resulting effect on the victim’s internal organs. Intestines are torn, brains perforated, eyes pop, and yes, once again, testicles explosions are back. Maybe it’s immature, but there’s something mesmerising about watching a Nazi’s scrotum get destroyed from 200 yards. Just me then? For the squeamish, this can be turned off.The Sniper Elite series might have started off as a one-trick pony (albeit it a pretty good one), but the studio has changed just enough with each iteration to keep the game fresh. Sniper Elite 4 introduces more new ideas than ever before, making it the most in-depth and rewarding game so far._____________________________________________________________Sniper Elite 4 is finally in a place where people can unabashedly call it ""good."""
76561198079773611,Recommended,312660,29961436,Posted: 16 February,all,doug.henderson71,I absolutely love this game its graphics are amazing and everything i think it was a good £65 well spent but i dont know if anyone else got this problem but when i load the game up and i press the playbutton it just wont load properly there was a time when i was waiting for 2 hours to see if it would load and it didnt i have even tried to uninstall and reinstall the game. if anyone has a solution for this i would really apreciate it
76561198142691341,Recommended,312660,31094290,Posted: 12 April,all,Spicemeister,I really like this game and i would reccoemend it to literally anyone who is into a stealthy third person shooter style game but if you prefer to go loud thats up to you
76561198033445602,Recommended,312660,30388384,Posted: 8 March,all,Michael Wittmann,"Excellent game, improved Xray killcam, allows for much further distance kills then S.E. 3! (example: my furthest allowed possible kill in S.E.3 was maybe just over 240 meters?) And that was in the end game! Where as in S.E.4 I was able in some instances to headshot enemies at over 500 meters distance...like a proper snipergame should allow!This is the best S.E. game yet, even overtaking S.E. V2 wich was a great game aswel!If you are into sniping and love the WW2 setting, and love having the freedom to approach any mission any way and in any order you want, then this is the sniper game for you! Wonderfull enviremont, great graphics! I did not have any glitches or gamebreaking bugs, game plays wonderful, the FPS is good, game is well optimised!Enemy AI is a tad on the easy side even on Hard difficulty! My advice: Play the game on hardest difficulty for a nice challenge and best entertainment!1-10 rating: A solid 9 (4 and a half out of 5 stars)"
,Recommended,312660,29946366,Posted: 15 February,all,boogie csgo-skins.com,"As an enormous fan of the series elite sniper highly recommend this another, epic installment of ""four"" all-loving predecessor and those who hate it."
76561198134536954,Recommended,312660,30733684,Posted: 25 March,all,SHOCKER,ONCE I START PLAYING TIME IS JUST FORGOTEN
76561198041080797,Recommended,312660,29923453,Posted: 14 February,all,Ratniel,I love this game simple as that
,Recommended,312660,33264636,Posted: 5 July,all,les,Easily one of the best war games i've played yet.No cons
,Recommended,312660,34628309,Posted: 31 August,all,.Sam,It is fantastic. It is one where you dont run around shooting everything. You need to use stealth and strategy to play it.
76561197981573793,Not Recommended,312660,33590411,Posted: 16 July,all,NagaN,"I'm a big fan of sniper games and of sniper elite's franchise. Finished the 3rd at 100%. So I was waiting for the 4th with increasing impatience.After around 25 hours of gameplay, I must say that I'm somehow disappointed. It's quite hard to say why, so I'll try to sum up like this (keep in mind that my review is adressed to those mostly interested in the solo part of the game) :PROS :still a good game regarding sniper games and for people who haven't play SE3the X cambig and beautiful mapsCONS:nothing new, alas, absolutely nothing new in this 4th opus!the IA. As maps are now very large, you can take almost every one out from far away. You'll never be endangered, even on hardcore as it's enough to relocate once in a while to evade ennemy researchesso repetitive!bugs (ennemies going under the map sometimes, lot of lag, sound)controls often trickyI can't say it's a bad game but it sure doesn't meet my expectations. I hope the developers will try to be more innovative for the next one."
76561198060907832,Recommended,312660,34801893,Posted: 7 September,all,Yourname942,"If you enjoy a challenging FPS with good bullet physics, stealth, and optional co-op, then you will most likely enjoy this game. You can take down enemies silently, go in guns blazing, or a mix both. There are optional objectives and collectables which adds to replayability.This game is technically both 3rd and 1st person:- You move around in 3rd person.- If you lightly press the left trigger (not all the way) you can aim over the shoulder (ie. in 3rd person)- If you press the left trigger all the way you aim in 1st person.Pros:- Steallth feels rewarding - You have two types of ammo: regular and sub-sonic (ie silenced) For the regular ammo you can mask your shots behind noise around you.- The kill cam is satisfying, and doesn't get old (There are also options for how often it occurs, and for turning it off or on)- Co-op adds unique challenge to the game:For Overwatch - one person can mark enemies, and has to fight up close, while the other snipes from afar - eachperson has their own areas that they can access)Cons:- The story is forgettable, but to be fair, the focus on this game is more about the actual gameplay- The characters are blandI reccomend trying this game."
,Recommended,312660,34749648,Posted: 4 September,all,somber,best sniper game out rn -2017
76561198180563617,Recommended,312660,32613087,Posted: 21 June,all,💞Vamper🎵BTC🐣,8 Massive Maps Plus 3 DLC Missions - Definity not regreting buying this game
76561198001963295,Recommended,312660,33689402,Posted: 20 July,all,[AAOB] DOC,"As much as people complain about Sniper elite 4, and I have been known to , it is quite a good game. It does have a few glitches that need to be fixed. Above all that it's a fun game to play with your friends. I would recommend it to any friend. To finish off. As for the maps they are brilliant. good work REBELLION Developers. DOC"
76561197983644643,Not Recommended,312660,31626951,Posted: 8 May,all,oBradFrumos,"General impression: meh...General impression 2: save your money or at least get the game with at least 50% offGeneral impression 3: Rebellion, stop milking the same cow-----Later edit:Just to add some details on the AI: an enemy was just saying ""he vanished"" while i was shooting him several times with a pistol.And an outstanding performance: there was this cylindrical sylo(?) in front of the character. In between, an enemy. Further ahead, behind this sylo(something big and clearly sturdy) there was a truck.Started firing at the enemy and didn't make a one shot kill, so pistol fires several times. I kill the enemy AND destroy the truck behind this huge sylo. Wow...From now on I'm gonna decide on buying a game(or not) based on negative reviews.-----It's a nice game(nice graphics, nice physics, etc), don't get me wrong, but as someone that's been with the series from the very beginning, i don't see much improvement. New graphics/scenery - yes, but that's pretty much it. Kinda like Far Cry 4: nice to play, but so much alike FC3 that by the end of it you're bored out of your mind(for this very reason i didn't get Primal).I read a review for SE4 about the ""astonishing AI""... really... I just rage-quit the game because the AI, 2-3 meters away, with no obstacles in-between, was acting smart as a sock and didn't do anything to eliminate me. This was during a high-alert moment when they supposedly detected my presence and position(everything was red). So i had to brutally end these 2 nazi guys' lifes as they were consuming game-air and my CPU power in vain. And this happened before, lol. There was this AI right next to me, hiding from me, so close that if the game would've allowed it, i could've fingered his ear. Totally unaware of my presence, his life is ended a few secs later when i switch to my pistol and end him.Another ""brilliant"" AI behaviour: i throw a rock in a direction where only a single guard should've been able to hear it(under normal/real life conditions). I wanted to lure him to eliminate him. But nooo, the entire squadron within 100m can hear that one single pebble i just threw and becomes alert. Even in-motion tanks, where the noise is so high that you wouldn't be able to hear anything. Are you serious?!Last but not least, the difference between using a silenced rifle and a silcenced pistol. WIth the rifle, everything's fine, works as expected and provided you plan accordingly, you won't raise hell around you. Not the same goes with the pistol. You do your best to do a clean job and not alert the entire camp though for some reason, there are oh-so-many cases when everyone's on your tail for a single ""silenced"" bullet. When playing on high difficulty, this behaviour is expected(high alert guards). So lowering to minimum map difficulty, one would expect things to change and actually use the pistol in ""silence mode"". Yeah right :))"
76561198002589014,Recommended,312660,31282174,Posted: 21 April,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,"Thumbs up but only just...It is great game - no doubt - however, it didn't evolve much (if at all) from Sniper Elite 3.You can easilly call this one Sniper Elite 3.5 and you won't be wrong.In case Sniper Elite 5 continues recycling process it will get thumb down mark for sure..."
,Recommended,312660,30057027,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Dawn with Keys Hat,"Sniper Elite 4 is a game about stealth and long range shooting, and being the latest installment of the Sniper Elite franchise, it is also the best in the series, and a well-worth third person tactical sniping game.Here's a compilation of interesting features that, combined, make this game great:Advanced AI: a decent effort was put on AI programming, and because of this you'll see not only enemies getting suspicious and getting back to their patrolling routine, spotting dead mates and starting to investigate the surroundings, but also a clever implementation of the last-seen-spot concept, known in the game as Triangulation system: enemies will surround the location where the player character was last spotted, and if a commander is among them, they will order one of the soldiers to go check on the location. You'll find yourself constantly having to move from spot to spot to avoid having your cover blown and because this AI is very accurate, it'll force you to plan every move on advance, which is essential for a tactical shooter.Open ended levels: contrary to other games in the series, now levels are a lot more open ended, not only concerning map extension, but also about alternate ways to navigate through enemy territory, or fight your way through different objectives. At the start of each level you are given objectives that must be completed, but you can do each in any order, and you can also unlock hidden objectives by talking to some NPCs. Like Sniper Elite 3, maps feature many types of environmental traps, like trucks, gas cylinders, hanging heavy objects and fragile structures that can be used to take enemies down creatively.Cinematic kills: a trademark from the Sniper Elite series, this system is back and was heavily improved: now you get to see your bullets destroying internal organs and shattering bones with soft-body physics processing, and now this concept was extended to melee kills as well, with a good variety of animations. This makes every kill feel unique and satisfying.Weapons variety/customization/upgrades: weapons can now be customized with different skins, and upgraded with different bonuses awarded as you become experienced with each of them. There is a decent selection of weapons to choose from, and you unlock them with in-game currency earned as you progress through the game, or by fulfilling certain objectives, like killing an enemy sniper with a shotgun.Ranking system: as you progress through the game, experience is awarded and levels are gained. A good touch that most might like.Performance: it runs smoothly, without any FPS drops, on a high end laptop on High settings, which provide a decently good visual experience. Didn't try it maxed, though. Don't feel I need to, because High settings provide beautiful and immersive visuals anyway. Game engine is very well optimized and if it was a console port, it was done flawlessly.Single player campaign: another great trait of the series, it comes with a decently varied array of objectives to complete, and because levels are huge and full of possibilities, you'll often find yourself exploring each level for collectibles and secondary objectives.Setting: Sniper Elite 4 takes place in Italy, so expect to see a completely different landscape from what you've seen in other games in the series, which helps refreshing the visuals while retaining the idea of a sniping game.Sounds: all sounds were worked out very well, specially those related to the environment, and here sound plays an important role, where it helps the player to identify how concealed from enemy sight they currently are.TL;DRThis game is for those who like sniping, third person shooting, tactics and stealth in a package deal.For that, and because I'm mostly happy with the game, I do recommend this little jewel.My personal verdict:10/10 would snipe Hitler for the third time in History again :D."
76561198039752563,Recommended,312660,29938764,Posted: 15 February,all,yuka18,Feeling Same Sniper Elite 3 if you love it buy one#some bugWhen hit windows key in game  out to desktop and get in again can't to play game any more because when click mouse button game are minimize and go to Desktop again#Now #16/2/2017They're fix its. Thank you :>
,Not Recommended,312660,30762293,Posted: 26 March,all,Greywolf,They cut the DLC guns out of the game to make you pay extra for them for ♥♥♥♥s sake. You can see their models but cant add them to your loadout until they are released. Greedy ♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,312660,34594024,Posted: 29 August,all,Exciting Jeff,"Listen: in a lot of ways, this game represents everything that's wrong about video games. It spends a lot of time on a pointless plot. The protagonist is a gravel-voiced white dude with no emotions. It's an open-ish game with a ton of busywork that it doesn't particularly incentivize you to complete. It takes up an amount of space that's obscene even with modern high-capacity hard drives.But where it counts, it's excellent. The basic hide-and-murder gameplay is compelling, and the joy of watching Nazi testicles explode is exactly what we need in these dark times. If you've not played the most recent Hitman, I'd point you to that first. But if you have, and you're willing to settle for a much less charming and cerebral substitute, this is a good time."
,Recommended,312660,30328769,Posted: 4 March,all,[SPH] RYDALL,"have to say i have played this game since version 1 , and love it, i recomend SE4 , if you like the prev games, you will love this game."
76561198010978047,Not Recommended,312660,32222721,Posted: 6 June,all,Major Problem,"I want to love this game but I can't.As someone who enjoyed SE3, I thought this would be an improvement with more of an open world and the beautiful italian maps.Unfortunately something is missing, the maps feel dead despite being full of enemies, and the missions are kind of repetitive. In the end I find the game more like a chore and not fun at all. The performance is good on my rig."
76561198012936139,Not Recommended,312660,30988157,Posted: 6 April,all,jsowder32,"I'm a huge SE fan, usually, and couldn't wait to play this one when it came out.  But the game play in SE4 simply lacks challenge, even on the highest difficulty.  Two missions into the game and I found myself just trying to wipe the map of every enemy I could find, or trying to kill everyone with long range shots to preserve my cover.  If you end up making up your own challenges within a game, there has to be something wrong.The game has all of the things you'd expect from SE and I can't say I'm disappointed to own it.  But I don't think it is worth a full price purchase.  Get it when it hits 75% off and you can avoid any regrets."
,Recommended,312660,30198445,Posted: 26 February,all,Major_Tinz,"The best of the series yet. Huge maps packed with finely crafted objects and the game play is just the same as before ... no messing about with a proven formula ;) Can't wait to try out the 4 player coop! If you loved anything about the Sniper Elite series, this is a worthy purchase and no bugs, hiccups, GPU tweaking or support calls. JUst fire it up and start sniping. What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,312660,30000571,Posted: 17 February,all,Caliber,"A very good game in my opinion.Pros:+Slightly improved Graphics+More Weapons (Praise Gaben, we get the k98k back)+Skill Tree+Enemy Tagging is now a thing+Information about troop areas can be taken from officers+The Environment can affect troops a lot more+Long story+Longer Range for Welrod+When an enemy notices you fully, he flinches around to make a headshot to silence him harder to do.+You make your own sniper's nests+Grenades you throw now introduce shrapnel+Slowly introduced parkourCons:-Some graphical glitches like birds floating (Minor)-Most double kills dont happen. (I.E you shoot two guys that are standing infront of each other and the second guy doesn't get hit)-Some weapons are (as of 2/17/17) only unlockable through DLC, and they DLC isn't even out.-Optional objectives ONLY provide XP, which really only helps the skill tree.-Even when a few feet away, an enemy still fails to see you most of the time when you're crouch walking infront of them.-Silenced ammo gives your gun a suppressor until you run out, might as well add a supressor as an attachment-You need to hit the very tip of the head to kill an enemy with a headshot, square shots to the face for some reason don't kill-Most areas like short wooden towers for constructing are not accessible to parkour, and neither are most objects that would be possible and easy for the average person to climb on.-On VERY RARE occassions, an enemy can shoot you through solid objects (i.e rocks)-MULTIPLAYER is flooded w/ hackers (As of 2/17/17)-LEGIT BOUGHT THIS GAME CUZ THEY SHOWED THAT THEY ADDED A PPSH AND IT AINT HEREMost of the cons are minor bugs that add up.Overall a really fun game, but some minor bugs really ruin the game sometimes."
,Recommended,312660,30208757,Posted: 26 February,all,NismoMonkey,I mean it's a Nazi murder simulator. I wouldn't really say it's open world so much as it is non linear. There is plenty to do in every mission and plenty of ways to do each mission. The AI is kinda dumb but not so much that it makes it suck. Sometimes they do get broken for instance I've seen tanks drive into walls continuously and you can't get to them to make a kill on them. Sometimes as well you will shoot out the driver and gunners and somehow the tank magically can still spot you despite having no living humans inside it until your destroy it. I don't agree with the DLC options they released on Day 1 and I don't really think you miss much by not buying them. The biggest one that bugs me is the killing hitler mission. Why was that not just included in the game? The extra weapons and what not though you don't need in any way. I do find it annoying that the game gives you suppressed ammo and a suppressor but doesn't allow you to fire your supersonic ammo through that suppressor which would in real life be incredibly effective at keeping people from knowing where you were. I also find it sad they call it Sniper Elite when the longest shot you can take is just about 5-600 meters. Not even long range by military standards but then again this is WW2 so I'll let that slide.Is the game a fun arcade game with plenty to do for the base price? Yes. Should you buy the DLC that is out with day one? No. That said I still think it's a good game even if it doesn't seem as polished as it should be for a AAA game.
76561198014621099,Recommended,312660,30321253,Posted: 4 March,all,DW2054,"Loved the game, physics just keep getting better and better!  It took me ~13 hours to complete the came the first time through.  This is probably right at the cusp of being just enough.  I would have preferred another level before the game had completed, but I appreciated that there were no filler levels.  All maps and missions had a plan and a purpose.  I will play through again with the different weapons, at least once.I bought the season pass…Kind of a waste.  I didn’t really see any benefit of it at all.  Th ghillie suit was only available on non-story line wave level, would have liked to change Karl’s outfits in game.   There needs to be more skins for the guns, if you don’t want to go all crazy with colors the please consider copper and silver.  I also didn’t perceive anything “special” in unlocking a gun – it appeared to have the same characteristics, but now could be gold.Overall, loved the game.  Rating 5 of 5.  Could tweak a few things.  Now for the big questions – When is the Zombie Nazi version coming out 😊 ?"
,Recommended,312660,30328761,Posted: 4 March,all,Goblin,"In all honesty, my main and really only complaint with this game is, that it doesn't look that great visually. I mean it's still GOOD, but its like 2015-2016 quality graphics.. its a blast to play, everything works and runs well, but it just doesn't have that cutting edge visual flair I crave from new games. It looks pretty much exactly like Sniper Elite 3.. which bothers me.Oh yeah, and the voice acting leaves something to be desired.."
76561198079945544,Recommended,312660,30456478,Posted: 11 March,all,Woodzy,Real men play without aim assist
,Recommended,312660,30504349,Posted: 14 March,all,Siu Weng,Good game but the game physics abit screwed
,Recommended,312660,33112178,Posted: 1 July,all,OpenAI(Bot),"This is good and I love it when I installed it to my computer. There are a lot of mission to do and a graphic is good too although my graphic card is gtx 950m but the graphic is still cool. You can select level of AI if you look for excited game, I recommend this game."
76561198303946826,Recommended,312660,33173894,Posted: 3 July,all,Fucking dr. Dis,Nice game
,Recommended,312660,33042627,Posted: 30 June,all,★ Bunnycula,I love all the series of Sniper Elite ...
,Recommended,312660,30735303,Posted: 25 March,all,Khirsah - Do the Fonz,"In all FPS I ever seen this one tops them all and I havent even tried the multi player side of it yet. Solo maps are quite extensive with many goals to achive, Fighting styles are numerous from sniping or assault to hand guns, 3 types of mines, grenades ... basicaly eveything from WW2 is there. visual and specials effects are quite beautifull , 4 levels of difficulty (if I remember correctly) . At this point in time I've covered 5 maps on easy (which is easy quite interresting, now cant wait to try them at harder level) and took me over 2hrs each map and it keeps going. When sniping bullets do have a drop value which makes it even more interesting for realism.For me , 1 word .... WOW ! the DEV's have gone above and beyond ... and yes I bought it at full price , too anxious to try it .Sniper Elite 4 surpass all previous versions on every point. If you're an FPS lover this game is a must for your games library."
76561198127330084,Recommended,312660,30794412,Posted: 28 March,all,Icepik,A whole lot of fun !
76561198064186227,Recommended,312660,30128219,Posted: 23 February,all,R9-390xMasterrace,"Its pretty much Sniper Elite 3 tarted up. AI thick, Guns damnwell DLC locked and not that much gun variation to begin with.But its still amusing to nut shot people."
76561198081973817,Recommended,312660,30059526,Posted: 20 February,all,byrd,So glad I bought this instead of For Honor.
,Recommended,312660,29932802,Posted: 14 February,all,MrDudeGuySir,This game is so fun it made me forget today was Valentine's Day XD
76561198317744810,Recommended,312660,30575292,Posted: 17 March,all,hitmanpro187,gg only the authentic mode is made to easy.
76561198089928972,Recommended,312660,30130244,Posted: 23 February,all,StanErwing,Steikje bra farr
76561198022078261,Recommended,312660,33116985,Posted: 1 July,all,Rattakris_Mirage,Hitler Has Only Got One Ball...
76561198149301375,Recommended,312660,30184836,Posted: 25 February,all,radiationsoap,"I had a lot of fun with it. I liked the environments and the challenges on each map; the overall challenge was really good. The weapon upgrading system I enjoyed too; you're actively upgrading weapons by using them in different ways. I have to say though, doing so meant that I was more focused on upgrading my weapons rather than playing the normal game; I spent half a mission blowing my cover just to get ricochet kills with my Thompson. I like the fact that you can learn some facts about enemy soldiers; I have to admit I had to spare some guys just because of their random fact. Others were really easy to kill though. The story is alright; Karl is tasked to track down another Nazi superweapon and has to fight some high profile baddies to get to it. Hits all the notes I expected, but the little twist at the end was a bit of a surprise. I think the game should have been longer, however, because it seemed like they were really trying to be heavy on the story by having more character interaction and having characters have some kind of personality. It was quite refreshing, really, so I think they should have given themselves a wider mission array so we could experience that. All in all, it's a good, solid game."
,Recommended,312660,33217249,Posted: 3 July,all,The Derp Knight,You haven't lived till you shot through the testicles of a german soldier and into the gut of the officer crouching behind him.
76561198042066914,Recommended,312660,33647317,Posted: 19 July,all,Hiddentroll,One of those games thats really great and awesome for the exact amount of time you cant apply for a refund
76561198350286369,Recommended,312660,29984698,Posted: 17 February,all,Rusted.Routine,"I love it. This is my first time playing from this series and even though it wasn't what I was expecting, I'm really glad I bought it. If you enjoy stealthy and sniping games then I recommend you get it. Although I've only played about 6 hours of it, I haven't found anything wrong (that I disliked)."
76561198016050852,Recommended,312660,32144576,Posted: 2 June,all,Spartan Rebel,Wow jsut wow. I am so speechless.This game is awesome.The graphics have improve a lot.The co op is really not popular but i cannnot really join any server that one must improve a lot.By the ways it is an Awesome gameAWESOME
,Recommended,312660,30623758,Posted: 19 March,all,DankSkrub,Noice.
,Recommended,312660,29957711,Posted: 16 February,all,varkoog,"Game looks great and plays great! Going to play this for a very, very long time :DHighly recommended!! 10/10, nothing less."
76561198257592156,Recommended,312660,30026439,Posted: 18 February,all,(｡◕‿◕｡),Pros: Campain is a blast with the enormous open world levels.Cons: It's not very difficult even on the highest difficulty due to highly exploitable AI. Still fun but don't expect much of a challenge.avoid the dlc as most of it is missing. hopefully it'll get added soon.
76561198035761512,Not Recommended,312660,30902111,Posted: 2 April,all,rexy,"Personally, I think sniper elite 3 is better, in terms of graphics and details.  SE3 ran a lot smoother.That's just me"
,Recommended,312660,33393488,Posted: 8 July,all,Boris the Blade,"A fantastic combination of stealth gameplay and sniping,  with excellent graphics and optimisation. The levels feel huge and some can take hours to complete depending on how you want to play.The custom difficulty options are great too; there are a few settings you can tweak to your desired level of challenge.Game does crash for me occasionally but not too often, and it does auto save frequently"
76561198032208226,Recommended,312660,33408787,Posted: 9 July,all,malikryo,"An excellent title, in all respects. SE 4 basically improves in all aspects everything that made its predecessors great, notably with a new and more visceral killcam, a better loadout micromanagement (which was introduced in SE3) , less frustrating gameplay than the past titles, and more memorable sceneries thanks to better graphics. The levels are basically huge playgrounds where each area has a point of interest, plus this game is an item collector's wet dream because there are many things to collect like letters and reports on huge maps (Which is tedious but accomplishing). I also applaud the devs for being one of the few who were able to seamlessly implant Directx 12 in a game (The directx 12 option and the async compute gives a remarkable boost to FPS, even on nvidia cards). A must have for SE fans, and greatly recommended for other gamers thanks to this game's non-linear nature. The negative aspects are the usual annoying micro-dlcs by the devs' part (Some iconic rifles which really, I mean really should have been in the base game are put behind paywalls), the sometimes ridiculous ragdolling of dead bodies and the frequently idiotic AI (And a laughable story plot, but who plays this kind of game for the plot anyway?)"
,Recommended,312660,34020407,Posted: 4 August,all,Skynet,"Its OK for a ""Sniper"" designated Game but its to much Action. A Real Sniper feeling dont comming up in me. Some Maps are Good and some are terrible. The good old uncut Kill Cam is also nice.But if you Search a Full Stealth Sniper Game dont buy it, if you have fun with some Sniping Parts, Run and Gun Action and Kill/Blowup/Crash etc. Scenes buy it. Maybe its better when you Play it in Coop Mode (Yes you can also Play the Full Campain in Coop).The vs. Multiplayer i dont tested but i think with only Friends Lobby it can be very Funny (1v1/2v2).+ The Kill Cam+ Performance+ Graphics+ Fully Coop possibilities+ Some art of Tactic needed (Full Run and Gun = Failure)+ Level & Unlock System+ Good degree of difficulty choice (also Custom Settings)+ Server Browser for Coop and VS Games (Today to have a Serverbrowser is a Plus point worth)+ Localhost and Dedicated Server Host+ some Maps/Missions- some Maps/Missions- Can be grindy if you need some unlock- Full Stealth nearly not possible (Some Challenge, Maps/Missions or just the placements of the Enemys)- some Run and Gun necessary- No Workshop or Mods- The DRM Virus we know as DenuvoSo Overall a 6/10. Has some good parts and some bad parts. Not a ""Full"" Sniper Game but still fun to Play as ""Sniper"" with some art of tacical Play. Better Play with Friend(s) in Coop."
76561197979363958,Recommended,312660,33387102,Posted: 8 July,all,Fluke,I mean its a game where you spend the majority trying to shoot nazi's in the testicles...what really isnt to love about it
76561198022608858,Recommended,312660,30045194,Posted: 19 February,all,amazezinger,It's ok.
76561197960458748,Recommended,312660,29975258,Posted: 16 February,all,Rocko,"Love This Game, Well Done Brothers! This is the best one so far,So smooth everything works great, I am just running in high which is good for me but I could do 4K but what for? I mean just because you can doesn't mean you should! Running solid frames no glitches that i saw just a real solid game!!! I am going to buy the dlc but let it be know you will have to have some patience and make use of it. This is one game that everyone should  just rock at least once! or a few times!"
76561198020691464,Recommended,312660,31209857,Posted: 17 April,all,Awake,"If Steven Seagal was in charge of the storyboard of Sniper Elite 4 with himself as the protagonist, it would play out much like this. I've never played a Sniper Elite game before, but this looked fun to play co-op.The overblown drama, the cliffhanging stilted way characters interact with each other, the hilariously out of place character development, and everything that makes the bad guys the bad guys. It follows all the boring tropes of every B action movie from the past 40 years. You, the protagonist, have a super deep voice full of vitriol for your enemy because of course you do and the writer can't figure out how to show you how masculine you are without it.It's not enough that your first target is a Nazi, but during his introduction you say with disgust ""...alcoholic, philanderer."" Like, we get it, he's a bad dude. I don't care if he's exporting children into slavery or is saving puppies, he didn't need to be demonized. He is the enemy, he is the target, that is all that is required. You're supposed to be this elite assassin type, but the game writers still find it neccessary to give you motivation to go and do your job.One of the good guys you run into early in the game is this cold and distant freedom fighter archetype, and you're talking to her thinking ""yeah I get it, you're fighting Nazis because they invaded your town and started killing people"" but no! That's not enough, the Nazis also had to have kidnapped her family and friends to give her further motivation to stand against evil.Without spoiling too much, even the ending is the same as a bad action movie. The main villain quotes nihilistic philosophers and draws parallels between nightmare and reality while explaining his plan with a gun pointed at your head. Obviously he's not going to kill you because that would be too simple. There's even an explosion behind you in a cutscene that you don't look at because you're the hero and too cool.All the terrible writing, interactions, and tropes aside, this game was a ton of fun to play through co-op. I don't know that I've ever played a game that actually made me wince so much with the slow-mo x-ray testicle shots that happen at least once a level when you play with a sadist.Realistically, if you have someone to play with and laugh at all the stupid writing, this game is a good pick up. My only legitimate complaint about the game play was that during the campaign my furthest ever shot was about 350 meters. The maps just seemed too enclosed to facilitate a natural sniper feel.I digress, 10/10 would shoot Nazis in the balls again. Would also utilize the skip feature for cutscenes."
76561198133510832,Recommended,312660,29934752,Posted: 14 February,all,Figger Naggot,"This game is not trash, suprising considering that the gaming industry is all just garbage. *cough cough* No Man's Sky *cough cough*"
76561198009629984,Not Recommended,312660,30156665,Posted: 24 February,all,Addison,Just too repetitive for me. Lack of story and character involvement.Point and click to shoot got boring after a while.
76561198131455151,Not Recommended,312660,30166073,Posted: 25 February,all,revengernoob,"First days the game was realy good , i loved the campaign missions but after completing them i turned to multiplayer.It was good at start but now i get loged off so much i started to hate this game and thinking to ask for refund.I mean come on - after few minutes your team starts to win and you are disconected - or the best part is in last 45 sec.hahaIs this game realy worth this much - i say one big NO."
,Recommended,312660,30132285,Posted: 23 February,all,571424767,"The developers can stick to keep their original style under the current game environment, which is rare and commendable. The sandplay, co-op, upgrade, collection...All of these make every stage can be played over and over again. If you are a player who loves stealth games, you won't miss it.The price is acceptable.Suggestion: Improve enemies' AI and distribute them in random order.More stages.Eventually, I have to say, why not have a Chinese version! →_→"
,Recommended,312660,34271624,Posted: 16 August,all,AℓʍᵰℍℴT,This amazing new Sniper Elite 4!!!
76561198134887105,Recommended,312660,32043669,Posted: 29 May,all,robert-1312,"Hey hey this play is very GOOD !!! So well optimized and the graphics are good and the sound is amazing! You depend entirely on this, you can not stop, there are many mats to play it on and there will be ""changes in the game"" on the style you use in the game. You can only try to survive completely without being killed on the Map (8 + 3) because it's a big trial Well then you have to play on the ""hard"" level. I also have sniper elite V2 and 3 is also very good but this is absolutely AMAZING! ... when comes sniper elite 5 must Have more of this!"
,Recommended,312660,30845154,Posted: 30 March,all,MagnumWolf5421,best game ive played out of any military shooter game yet
76561198018509293,Recommended,312660,31587903,Posted: 6 May,all,lotuspulse,"The ability to front melee kill and limited silenced bullets causes a dominoe effect that results in a game so superior to 3 it's stupid.But the locations are the real gem here. They are varied in many ways, and each has a certain personality to it."
,Recommended,312660,29932568,Posted: 14 February,all,NickInUHD,"Very good game! Graphics are amazing on Ultra at 4K Resolution, best Sniper Elite game!"
76561198028972483,Recommended,312660,29946707,Posted: 15 February,all,Ghosting you,"GREAT GAME and good graphics. You can play every lvl multiple times without getting bored since the 100% completion will make you work and you can also challenge yourself, there is always a way to get a longer shot or can you ghost everyone etc... Worth the money so far and I doubt it'll change.Gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB9eTw7MQR0"
,Recommended,312660,29948405,Posted: 15 February,all,Archangel,The game looks beutiful and the movement is perfect.... but the main story had a really short ending. i would rate this 9/10
76561198097868700,Recommended,312660,34059416,Posted: 6 August,all,{BrG}O\/3RLO/\D3D,"I own all four games in the Sniper Elite series. I was a bit disappointed with this one because a few things the developers promised about the game were not in the game. I also wished that the game was truly open world. This being said, the game is really quite a lot of fun. Graphics are amazing, the AI are NOT as predictable as some folks have posted in their reviews. This is simply untrue. Melee is vastly improved over SE3, kill cam is still great to see especially since this now includes kill cam for mine traps.The assassin creed movement for your sniper is a plus for this game. However, there are still spots on the maps that you cannot access and IMO this needs to be addressed. Weapon customization could be improved upon. I would like the developers to take a page out of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands where the weapon customization is incredibly detailed.Overall, despite some of my disappointments with this game, I highly recommend it. It is the best sniper game out there."
,Recommended,312660,34056802,Posted: 6 August,all,WickeD,The best sniping game I've ever seeen. I recommend this to you who love to be sniper...that's the best...
,Not Recommended,312660,34405570,Posted: 21 August,all,felaia,"I purchased this game mostly with the idea of playing online against other players.. well, I´ve tried several times, different days/times and well, no one is ever playing online!I bought sniper elite 3 for xbox 360 and there were lots of people playing constantly all the time, but I don't know if that's not the case for this game and more specifically the steam version of it.I'm not saying is not a bad game, there is a reason why it has mostly positive reviews, it's just that if I had known that no one is ever playing the game online, I would not have purchased it. If you are the type of player, like me, who likes to compete against real  people, this game is not for you because you will not find people to play against, and that is why I cannot recommend it."
76561198192071425,Recommended,312660,34410721,Posted: 22 August,all,无心,死亡的艺术
,Recommended,312660,29955049,Posted: 15 February,all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp","Sniper Elite 3 was great, but 4 takes it and adds so much more!"
76561198060049788,Recommended,312660,29954902,Posted: 15 February,all,Rodrigo Alkndi,+ Love it better than Sniper Elite 3 <3
,Recommended,312660,33259330,Posted: 4 July,all,ricera,"I beat every campaign mission on Sniper Elite difficulty, as well as the two co-op only missions.Good:- Sniping is an absolute blast, but the other guns have uses, too- The levels are all different enough to be unique- The asymmetrical co-op levels were amazing, and playing the campaign levels co-op worked well, too- Supressed ammo is a great addition the series, and definitely improves your character's flexibility- Amount of freedom given to achieve level objectives is greatBad:- Enemy AI is a little bit janky; at times dumb and omniscient, but in terms of both being a threat and targets for headshots, they do a good enough job- The story isn't great, but it's enough motivation to brutally murder hundreds of nazis- Some of the objectives required to upgrade weapons are like, sadistic- Nitpick, but Karl's crouching movement speed is really slow, and he runs out of breath when sprinting really quicklyWeird:- A lot of the opportunities for soundmasking are provided by sabotaging generators. Wouldn't someone have caught on to that by the end of the campaign?- Stealth killing enemies with a melee attack seems to make nearly-instantly everyone in the area suspicious.- Actually, almost anything involving killing is enough, even when done out of sight and as quietly as possible"
,Recommended,312660,33708098,Posted: 21 July,all,♣ʂɱȍҡȩȳ♣ №420,"Sniper Elite 4 is the only game from the sniper elite series I have any experience with. So I cannot do much in terms of comparison between other SE titles. However, SE 4 is a open world tactical shooter. Based in the early 1940's during WWII.Your job well your a sniper. Range, Wind and elevation play a part in making the shot. The wrong gun with incorrect Muzzle velocity or a unsuppressed shot could bring a whole lot of hell down. As a Sniper behind enemy lines the job is to neutralize enemy command, gather intelligence and aid in locale resistence operations. Enviromental factors like lighting, generators, planes flying overhead or the occasional thunderstrom will be your only ally, or your worst nightmare. Any situation can be played  numerous ways from straight engagments, lure-ambush, CQC or simply just not do anything. Tag, Assess and move on. Teller Mines, S-Mines, C4, Dynamite and Bombing markers make any engagment an unconventional one. With some engagments lasting over 2 hours and only a handfull of shots fired, stealth, accuracy and a good plan will be valuable assets.- The GoodOpen World WWII Tactical ShooterComplete Player FreedomAmazing graphicsGreat optimizationStoryline is coherent and transitions smoothly throughout the Main campaignMaps are highly-detailed and on the large-scale allowing for ""Long Range Shots""Intuitive Controls allowing an easy transition from Items to stancesMinimal bugs by post-release date. (Mostly graphical)- The BadAfter a few missions it gets very mundaneCinamatics lack that shock and new age polish, Monotone browns and greensHowever, the storyline is no that original. Tells a good story but one that been told a hundred timesAi seem kinda confused when alerted to engagementGameplay voiceover is not the bestNo weapon skins for unpaid DLCBase campaign game Weapon Varitey is in Paid DLC- Overall7 / 10"
,Recommended,312660,33930779,Posted: 31 July,all,Hannerman,"Absolutely amazing game. The campaign is super fun, however lacking in story, but are you really playing this game for the story?No, you're playing this for the slow-mo testicle shots. Everyone is.Solid 9/10."
,Recommended,312660,34065234,Posted: 6 August,all,Gay Vegan Dad,"I may have only played an hour of this, but nothing is more satisfying than shooting some balls to start the morning.good game"
76561198032228335,Recommended,312660,34105826,Posted: 8 August,all,Rambo Kush,America Incarnate. 10 out of 10 Freedoms.
,Recommended,312660,33356738,Posted: 7 July,all,Gucci,"Really such a great game. The co-op is great! I've finished all the missions with my friend and they worked awesome 0 glitches or lag works with good fps shots are great not easy but not hard to aim so if you are new to shooting games you should also do well in it. There is also quite a few ""parkour"" to do well nice jumps on the roofs etc. Well I really reccomend the game you will enjoy it."
76561198126803227,Recommended,312660,33758395,Posted: 23 July,all,THC,"Awesome fun !!!Great storyline and DLC missions are as good as base game :)Only wish you didnt have to buy DLC to get access to some of the weapons/upgrades instead of earning through performance in the game.Anyway, cant wait to play ""Obliteration"" !!Get it.... highly recommended"
,Recommended,312660,34399343,Posted: 21 August,all,Wurm65,"I really like the sniper elite series, and this one is much better than SE3 which lost my interest about 2/3rd of the way through. The maps are interesting and very large, there is nothing quite like finishing a mission and seeing you have 3 or 4 hidden missions/areas you completely missed.Highly recommended if you like sniping games."
76561197991090980,Recommended,312660,34446237,Posted: 23 August,all,clampton,"10/10 - An excellent stealth shooter.In fact, this may be the best wartime shooter I've ever played, vastly superior to even the best Call of Duty games. Although each map represents only a small portion of Italy, they're genuine open worlds and you have total freedom within the environments. There's no rushing from checkpoint to checkpoint (you can save manually, thank God!), no Parkour-style free-running to escape your enemies, just a series of missions on each map that you can complete in almost any order. The environments are beautifully designed, with plenty of places to hide and high windows to shoot from. You can choose the realism of the action and I prefer the slightly more lenient mode where my bullets are more likely to hit their targets. The graphics are gorgeous without being ostentatious about it; the small Italian villas feel real, even though they're only populated by German and Italian soldiers. The personal letters that you find on the bodies of your victims are an often startling reminder that these are human beings you're shooting, never mind that they're constructed from polygons and pixels.All in all, a great balance between relaxing stealth play and suspenseful action when you find yourself surrounded by enemies. Some people have commented that the voice acting is bad, but it's just the dialog that's stilted, which doesn't bother me. This is the first game in this series I've played and I've already bought the earlier ones, which I'm looking forward to playing in reverse order. (I prefer to start with the ones that have the best graphics.)Highly recommended if realistic Nazi shooting appeals to you."
,Recommended,312660,34585869,Posted: 29 August,all,Tod,Easily one of the best co-op games released in ages with the ability to play the campain with a friend without worrying a shortened story and even the ability to customize the difficulty to tailor it for you and your friends.The only thing i feel it could use is a option to go into first person.
,Recommended,312660,32011142,Posted: 27 May,all,Guigas,"bush, Nazi testicles., run, repeat."
,Recommended,312660,29928099,Posted: 14 February,all,Skuubedait,"Shot hitler in the balls, killed someone through their scope, and of course got sad over the death notes.Wait i just realized the version i bought in other countries is 90 dollars but here its 30, nice deal love it"
,Recommended,312660,30031213,Posted: 19 February,all,Grooted®™,just get the game.the xray kills are just a bonus. plus you can make hitler do a backflip.
,Recommended,312660,29934671,Posted: 14 February,all,WacoTacoJames,"Larger maps than the previous games, but thats it.  Nothing else is really new or innovative and if that is ok with you, buy it.  They added shooting range challenges that are cool at first but are boring after 5 minutes.  Also there is a climbing mechanic like Assassin's Creed (not as crazy, more believable).  Its Sniper Elite.  It's fun.  Go for it."
76561198373322912,Recommended,312660,34086321,Posted: 7 August,all,Isabelle,"good  game ,and i like it very much,great map and very interesting  real  fight.i  like  mauser  rifle  very   much."
,Recommended,312660,35197039,Posted: 24 September,all,Tr[1}X'xO~ #`. ',Wow Nice game
,Not Recommended,312660,35075216,Posted: 19 September,all,BrokenKnuckle,"Hello, Steam Community!First, I want to say this game is ""not bad"". If this was the only Sniper Elite game, I would give it a thumbs up.  But these reviews are meant to be a guideline, a comparision, and a easy way to seperate games from other similar ones.I give this a thumbs down because, quite frankly, it is not better than Sniper Elite 3.  Does it give you the satisfaction of exploding testicles with high powered ballistics from 300 yards? Yes, it does.The issue I have is that you lose emersion with the horrible voice acting, stupid goals, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.  All of the fun stuff that this series has done well IS ALREADY IN SNIPER ELITE 3. The story and acting was actually better in that one as well.So, if you are just getting into the series and haven't bought 3, do so. It's cheaper and just as (if not more) fun. Then just keep playing that one. This doesn't add any value to the series at all."
,Recommended,312660,30184988,Posted: 25 February,all,ChemicalThread,I shot Hitler in the balls and it bounced off the floor after going through him and hit his flunky in the grenade belt. Killing the rest of his entourage. Making the world safe once more for Democracy....and Jews.15/10 Amazing game. Heavily recommend for everyone.
76561198106001750,Recommended,312660,32798608,Posted: 25 June,all,{NS}Recalcitrant Kid,"it's got bullet time, what more do you need really."
76561198364384493,Recommended,312660,30015230,Posted: 18 February,all,Osama did 7/11,"The gameplay is amazing well the story is a little bit hardish to follow at the start but overall definitly in my top 10 games ever played but definitly not above Destiny, Overwatch, GTA and Skyrim"
76561198087324447,Recommended,312660,30224489,Posted: 27 February,all,[SPH] darkstar,"I was really expecting SE4 to be released, since I started playing SE3 I definitely left the old ""Resident Evil"" passion behind. I strongly recommend this game, either story, multiplayer, co-op, etc.Everything's just fantastic."
,Recommended,312660,29918987,Posted: 14 February,all,Roger,nice!
76561198066030224,Recommended,312660,30012847,Posted: 18 February,all,Mr.Makk,"I put in about 25 hours in so far, getting to lvl.50 and a almost fully upgraded Mosin. I usually buy games based off of longevity. but the premise of this game seemed neat.There doesn't seem to be months worth of content in this game at least at the present time, and the campaign narrative is the shottiest I've seen in a minute - it is there however. But story narrative isn't what this game is all about, it's about shooting a Nazi in his genocide with graphical fidelity on exactly the way your bullet does that, and carrying on to slap a satchel onto a Panzer 4.I however don't recommend grabbing the add-on content, mostly because it's generally all looks in a game where pvp is almost non-existant and CO-OP ranges from a 2-4 player capped area. (Except for the Hitler-hunting mission which looks kinda fun but not in my pov worth the $5 or $9 odd it's charged at.)Fun game overall, (3.8 / 5)"
76561198313278892,Recommended,312660,29937591,Posted: 15 February,all,MAD-JAG-MECHANIC,great game and well worth the money
76561198059483206,Recommended,312660,30008138,Posted: 18 February,all,Riggs,"I watched the trailers and some gameplay and thought that Sniper Elite 4 was going to be like the older games. (Which I'm okay with) but what I got was much more. More weapon choices, more side objectives and larger maps. Not to mention the graphical improvement. It really captures the beauty of Italy, even in a time of war. I was on the fence about spending $60 on this, but when I actually played it, I'd say my money was well spent."
,Not Recommended,312660,29919535,Posted: 14 February,all,BUTTFACE MCPOOP,"played a small piece of the first levelpros:-Still sniper elite. if you liked 3 you'll like this. Thats about it. They fixed some gunplay issues and personally I liked the way the enemies hunt you down in this one. Rather than having a bright light follow you and show exactly where you are they sort of hunt you down in a given area.cons:- The bullet cam isn't much of an improvement over 3 and they miss a mile wide opportunity to have dismemberment in their games.the refund reason:-They locked a good 25% of items behind a 30.00 pay wall. Including m1 carbine and M1 GARAND..ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! I'm not supporting the day 1 dlc BS. Will buy when the entire package goes on sale for 50.00 or 60.00.Gonna try my luck in for honor instead.EDIT: Guess what no gameplay dlc in for honor! Say what you want, its 60.00 and you get a complete game!"
,Recommended,312660,30010773,Posted: 18 February,all,Heisenberg,Great game few glitches and bugs but still alot of fun
,Recommended,312660,30232523,Posted: 27 February,all,antihristpripravnik,"A great game and good sequel to V2 and V3. It's what you expect from a Sniper Elite game. Graphics isn't that amazing on Ultra (GTX 1070 / i5 660k / 32GB RAM), but it's optimized, so you're probably going to squeeze every drop of juice from your mid or low range GPU.My only remark is weapon variety. After the first or the second level I've acquired a rifle with a highest zoom. Combined with traditional Welrod, it's basically all I need as a stealth player. There's not much point in buying any other weapon (although I didn't try out DLCs). Other than that, everything else is great."
76561198031271212,Recommended,312660,30015785,Posted: 18 February,all,ristar85,"I'm a first time player of this series.I think the game's name should be changed to something else. Maybe Spec Ops Elite, or something more creative because you do very little sniping (thanks to terrain and extremely limited ammo), and a lot of stealthing and hiding and silently killing people.GoodThe expansive mapThe maps are larger than most stealth games, and not separating them into crappy ""zones"" like Splinter Cell is great - no disjointed experience. Very detailed and very nice maps.Multiple secondary objectivesA lot of NPCs to killBallistics for rifleWind and bullet drop, as well as changing the range zeroing. Very good.Aim weapon and use scope are 2 different functions (keys) in game.Very good. Unlike that piece of crap Splinter Cell.Custom difficulty settingAs easy/difficult/authentic as you want.These are all things that Splinter Cell and MGS should have but don't even though they have the same stealth, sneak and kill gameplay.BadCheap-looking before mission cutscenes.Suffers from the ""staring at old man's♥♥♥♥♥quot; problem, typical of 3rd person shooters.No first person mode. Something like that should be easy to implement.Lousy ""fiddly"" controls. When looking into scope, the ""toggle aim"" button should revert the player's view to 3rd person. This is bad in hectic situations.Not much of a story.Not all buildings can be entered.Drop from ledge/whatever is hardcoded to the key ""C"".Cannot climb everything.Not so good AI for the NPCs.Abandoned cities (no neutral NPCs).Chatty enemies when looking for player.No fire-movement AI that move NPCs in fire teams, unlike MGS. They just move around in a straight line.No way of knowing how much to aim-off horizontallyIt would be great if the game has a way to measure wind, because players don't know how far they have to aim off until they fire the first shot. Snipers are supposed to be 1 shot 1 kill... In this game, the player has to quick save, ""test"" fire, quick load, and then kill the guy.Worth buying? For all its problems, yes."
,Recommended,312660,29934159,Posted: 14 February,all,'Mercy,"U get to shoot Hitler in the balls, thats a good enough reason to buy."
,Not Recommended,312660,29972263,Posted: 16 February,all,"Commend Me, Please!","The game is not very long. Maybe you could squeeze out 15-20 hours, but that would be only with lots of dying or lots of exploring (and neither is fun in this game). The game looks nice, and plays as expected. However, even small obstacles will stop you and your character can only climb up/over very limited walls and stuff. Found that many of my deaths were due to accidentally getting myself stuck behind something I thought I could use as cover.Biggest con...multiplayer is virtually dead before it was even alive. You're lucky to find 10 people to play with on the matchmaking. This game should have advertised for online co-op only. Or at least put some bots in the multiplayer matches to make it more interesting while the server populates (if the server populates that is.)Careful spending your money on this when it's not on a really steep sale. If you do purchase it, just be aware you are getting a lot less than they make it out to be on the page. It's sad, but true. Future DLC should be given free to anyone who pre-ordered or paid full price because they all got a disappointing return on the investment."
76561198283866610,Not Recommended,312660,29913931,Posted: 13 February,all,libertycaps86,"nice xray kill cam improvments, will be good to take anger out on some germansdissapointed that i hear the same scream SFX from the killed soldires within the xray kill cam, they are the same used samples from the last versions - lazy in my humble honest opinion- we spend £40 you expect fresh samples atleast, i mean , what is this other than either lazyness or pressured scheduals and time.  ..Graphics seem like AA could be better,lots of terrian jaggies even at high , again this game is probably modeld for 4k , but even with scale set to 175 doesnt seem to smoothen things , but the soldiers, and interactive objects ,vehicals  seem smoothdespite this , im enjoing it more so that last sniper elite and no doubt on a 4k tv with your titan x this would look a slight improvment from using a 1080x on a 1080p low range Lg screen where AA is concerened thats why i feel the built in AA for this is not of high quality Supersampling as it assumes you will be using 4k native screens , or atleast it looks that way i maybe wrong. i cant comment on gameplay since havnt given it enough time, will up date as the week progresschanging my mind , i feel this game is a degrade and a♥♥♥♥♥♥take, the fun of shooting someones jaw off clearlly seen in kill cam, walk up to the body and there sits his jaw on his face with no bullet entrance or exit wounds... how ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥, what a let down , how is that realism, you mayaswell not bother with the kill cam. this feels lazy and rushed , the first sniper elite seems like the best, even that has the bullet exit and entry wounds remain on the dead body.......too over sensitized for me, whats the point of showing great footage of a kill cam for it to only of done ♥♥♥♥ all when you walk upto your kill.... patheticno great AA , no great gameplay , unrealistic ragdolls and no realistic damage wounds after you make the kill...... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,312660,31471074,Posted: 30 April,all,Abstract,I was at first excited for this game because I'm always interesterd into stealth games then I was sadly dissapointed by the difficulty and how easy it is to just play without any stealth even on the hardest difficulty. Another problem I have is the depth all though I only have 1.5 hrs just seeing how quickly I got through 2 of the missions I don't think there is enough quantity or even quality of gameplay for a $60 game.
,Not Recommended,312660,34018492,Posted: 4 August,all,Enzyoo ッ,- Terrible AI.- Falling through the ground bug.- Can't shoot longer than 500m.
76561197970424579,Not Recommended,312660,30728630,Posted: 25 March,all,Zulupits,"I like the game - somewhat - but if the game developers won't respond to you when there is an issue - then it makes the game much less desirable to buy. I have contacted them twice about the game locking up and locking up my computer at the same time so I have to power down to get back into the computer. ALSO it comes up with a corrupt file (twice now) after I reach the rank of major or around there and when it does restart, I am a private again. All that time wasted.... Restart again or get and play a game that works and has a suport team that will get back to you. I have made my choice....."
,Not Recommended,312660,34040123,Posted: 5 August,all,MortalDanger,"No FOV slider and the camera position is horrible.  One of the only games to actually make me nauseous.  I mean come on, it's 2017, get with the program.  Frankly, it's a little insulting."
76561198006106262,Not Recommended,312660,30244531,Posted: 28 February,all,BlackenedPies,"I have one major complaint with the game: it's too easy on the highest difficulty. Enemies always appear on the minimap and are tagged automatically so you see them through walls even on hardcore mode. AI seem to have a very small field of vision and don't see you unless you're standing right in front of themIf an option was added to remove XRay tags, for example they don't appear on the minimap until they're tagged and don't show through walls at all, I'd recommend the game so far (albeit $60 is very pricey). Vision cone should be greatly increased on hardcore mode IMOI've submitted feedback so hopefully an additional difficulty option will be added, and I'd encourage to do the same. If it's updated, I will recommend the game so far"
76561198043578701,Not Recommended,312660,31493251,Posted: 1 May,all,SuperMaxNL,">Graphic-wise this game looks like it came out in 2013>60 euros way too much for not even a triple A game>Sniper killcam is fun for about 5 kills, then its mehh>Your character runs weird as ****6,7/10, and refunded."
76561198107447301,Not Recommended,312660,34038569,Posted: 5 August,all,Hatty,"Too easy, in every way. The AI is pathetically predictable and blind, the gameplay will ALWAYS go down to just running in and gunning everything down because sneaking is next to impossible and really doesn't have the mechanics. While this can be described as a sniper game because you have a sniper rifle it feels like a patched on feature to a game that has no idea what it wants to really be. IF you choose to go for the very 'Hardcore' mode then you loose the 'sniper' sense thingy, which improves difficulty but still you end up just running and gunning.Small things that just destroy the fun of the game is the utter unwillingness of the animators to create the nazi salute, nazis will instead snap off a US or UK salute... which I find to be a little insulting to history in general.Level layout is decent, and you can find some fun little sniping spots, but 99% of the time you have to go to the body of your target to collect some intel.... so whats the point in sniping them??? If they had just called  this 'COMMANDO ELITE' I wouldn't mind this game at all, hell i'd even give it a thumbs up! So if your looking for a COMMANDO game, where your job it get behind enemy lines and cause utter havoc then yes this is the game for you, if your looking for a difficult sniper game where it's all about setting up in the right spot to get that perfect shot on your target.... go buy Hitman."
,Not Recommended,312660,30287325,Posted: 2 March,all,Green-Ninja-Pro,"The game has a multitude of serious conceptual and design failures.  Most notable failure beiong the inability to capture the cursor to the game window.   This failure occurs even when the game (full screen or window) is bought up with the cursor on top of the window, at which point clicking forces the game to minimize.  Complete failure of the most basic concepts for game design, and demostrates an utter disregard for the PC platform during development."
,Recommended,312660,29916239,Posted: 14 February,all,Tory,"New to seriesGotta say its a 10/10Maps are well madeBullet drop feels accurate to real life weapons of the time(However this is very annoying coming from someone who's experience with FPS games is Halo 1/2, Unreal tournament 2004 and overwatch... so yeah...getting used to it!)Great game.The slow mo kills get a bit old i feel like they should skip ones you've already seen.I cant stress enough how important good sound design and map design is in a game.The gameplay is important too but those 2 other things are what really ""MAKE"" the single player experience.The amount of area I have to work with to kill my enemies is amazing.Seriously well ♥♥♥♥ing done.I love this game so far.I don't care about storylines in game so I never comment on them honestly they dont matter to people actually looking to have fun lets be honest.edit:Also the DLC is bugged or doesn't exist.. so you cant try out the cool DLC weapons.I bought the deluxe package.Don't really care.. mosin is good enough for me..."
,Recommended,312660,29937518,Posted: 15 February,all,Winter,Literally dropped a U-Boat on Hitler.Best game 2017.
,Recommended,312660,29925044,Posted: 14 February,all,D3ATl-l,good game
76561198023646479,Not Recommended,312660,31583889,Posted: 6 May,all,BiancaNevi,"Looked promising but not much has changed since 3, the maps are boring as hell, even though they are large, the ways to kill are limited and if you want anything extra thats an automatic ingame purchase.  The storyline is subpar. I wish i had bought sniper ghost recon instead. Although i bought it with discount it still seems like a ripoff now."
76561198192168886,Not Recommended,312660,34113190,Posted: 8 August,all,✪Armenia,Only 8 missions and its pretty boring
,Not Recommended,312660,34064667,Posted: 6 August,all,Fleshmeister,"It's not worth the price, i bought it at 50% sale and it's still not worth it.Terrible ai, horrible climbing mechanics and no replay value, it's so uninteresting.Oh, and the voice actors and cutscenes are so horrible, i kid you not. It's so bad.The only type of fun i had with it was the coop storymode. Would not recommend this unless you get it for free.It ran just fine with everything on ultra in 1440p. (i7 6700k 980ti strix)"
76561197960511337,Not Recommended,312660,34043335,Posted: 5 August,all,Rockford Stone,I found Sniper Elite 4 to be far too short for the release ticket price paid.
,Recommended,312660,34045430,Posted: 5 August,all,RyoScar,Loved Sniper Elite 3 and this game was similar but better :) amazing fun to play with friends too
,Recommended,312660,32591730,Posted: 20 June,all,SPARK_SNIPER,This is amazing game for who wants enjoy the real sniper action.
,Recommended,312660,29914938,Posted: 13 February,all,GUNITTO,"WOW, WHAT A GAME.... CANT SAY MORE NOW, IT JUST A SNIPER ELITE CLASSIC !!!"
,Recommended,312660,29998887,Posted: 17 February,all,Zurv,"Should I get this? NO!Wait for this to go on sale. For like $10 then get it.Do play it with a friend in co-op, set it to hard (the game is ez) and have fun with it.  Everything about it is ""ok"", but with a buddy there is fun to be had.Do note the game is VERY short. Like 10 hours.The story is real boring, you might as well skip the story cutscenes."
76561198078704472,Recommended,312660,29936136,Posted: 14 February,all,Koreanjim,"Already one of my favorite games!My friend and I are doing the main missions together and it's so good.This is my first Sniper Elite game too so if your new to the series don't worry about it, you'll love this one."
76561197968847284,Recommended,312660,29918732,Posted: 14 February,all,Massiv Igel,good game :)
76561197970001649,Recommended,312660,30117390,Posted: 23 February,all,Zarrex,"Absolutely loving this game!!!  Well Done, Rebellion!!"
76561198319088662,Recommended,312660,30289783,Posted: 2 March,all,✯FAT1E✯,We need Chinese!!
,Recommended,312660,29916093,Posted: 13 February,all,chriskevin1996,Game is extremely Stuttering so waiting for a patch
76561198150498757,Recommended,312660,30081097,Posted: 21 February,all,Sh4dow_Foxx,"ball shots are amazing ,10/10 will shoot again"
76561198042161406,Recommended,312660,30188368,Posted: 25 February,all,ATI_KiLlzOnE,"""This could come in very useful"""
76561198074413703,Recommended,312660,30204028,Posted: 26 February,all,Bamba,Very good game!!!
76561198132435745,Recommended,312660,30381613,Posted: 7 March,all,C O N N I P T I O N S,"You can shoot German Nazi balls.♥♥♥♥ing hell, what more do you want?"
76561198359189521,Recommended,312660,30368287,Posted: 6 March,all,Gear Jammer,Great game. The co-op missions makes the game so much better.
76561198082111877,Not Recommended,312660,34082698,Posted: 7 August,all,PepeMeister,Not recommended for people with usb headsets I had to make my speakers to my default audio and it just sounds horrible.
,Not Recommended,312660,30283986,Posted: 2 March,all,LoppanH,I hate when they don't do a good consol port not a simple thing as hold breath and run on same button could they manage. Every damn thing has it's own button it's like they assume that pc gamers like to play with a handcontrol not even x-ray kills can make this bs work for me.
76561198352765453,Recommended,312660,32396658,Posted: 13 June,all,mts.move,great
,Recommended,312660,30288415,Posted: 2 March,all,Kopfschuss,Looks and plays great. a lot of fun. Highly reccomend if you like COOP or single player sniper games.
76561198020278459,Not Recommended,312660,34183295,Posted: 11 August,all,ShadowF,"Game is pure BS, lacks any serious range tools and HC is rubbish. Do not buy."
76561198038932584,Recommended,312660,33255109,Posted: 4 July,all,Takahe,Love this game real fun
,Recommended,312660,31460828,Posted: 30 April,all,Evil Muffin,iz guud
,Recommended,312660,33255264,Posted: 4 July,all,Shpeckledorf,Great game.
,Recommended,312660,29998539,Posted: 17 February,all,Kingby,My experiense playing this game(CO-OP)1 invite friend2 start mission3 find a hiding spot4 sit next to a generater5 Friend shoots generater6 mission failed11/10 would get killed by generater again
76561198152054351,Recommended,312660,30814423,Posted: 29 March,all,INSTIG8TR,"Best of the best.What is needed now is a French countryside session, Maybe a scene played out in Paris or how about in Russia as their was a lot of fighting done there."
76561198007503248,Recommended,312660,29915195,Posted: 13 February,all,Darcy,"OMG its glorious!A real high point not only for the Sniper Elite series, but also WWII shooters (which have been lacking lately).Not only are there plenty of HUGE campaign maps to explore, but the set pieces and structures are good too. (e.g. I've never looked at a house in this game and said, wow I've seen that 200 times before).The whole campaign is co-op (2 player), but the survival mode / wave defence mode is AWESOME (4 player co-op), and I haven't tried the other Sniper/Spotter co-op mode yet.It's also well optimised and polished - which seems to be getting rarer these days. Denuvo has no effect on performance as far as I can see, so people can stop whining about something they don't understand. Boo hoo a dev team wants to protect its intellectual property. GOOD.I feel like the Sten gun should be in...and no it wouldn't be OP because you can suppress almost all the rifles in the game already."
76561198116502578,Recommended,312660,30203054,Posted: 26 February,all,moenad,"Enjoying the game so far. Playing it on the hardest difficulty, it's pretty hard but more entertaining.Recommended."
76561198198847683,Recommended,312660,30204429,Posted: 26 February,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME!!!
76561198058839528,Recommended,312660,30235117,Posted: 27 February,all,saeedroshanbox,Amazing game with amazing graphics.
76561198031397287,Recommended,312660,29926461,Posted: 14 February,all,haijikai2,"Warning: Memories of the Civilization series back in the day when dealing with PC's on release.  I do have faith it WILL be corrected in a week.  I'm just disappointed on launch day.(Review includes steps that fix the problem for PC users.)Congratulations on Failure to Fully test for launch once again.  Mind you that's the bane of most PC users some days isn't it?I've been looking forward to this continuation of the series, and was eager when release day was done and even cleared the day to enjoy ""learning how to sneak and engage"" once more with all the new options!Problem for PC users.  They didn't plan for all keyboards.Worst part is I'm not the only PC user running into this problem.  WASD...works fine.  Certain controls?  Some work.  Kinda.  But critical ones like Tagging and such?  Completely non-functional.  Worst is you even ""remap"" them in the options and they STILL don't work!  What.  The.  Hell?I'm now looking at a completely unplayable title.  Utter waste.  (No Hitler teabagging?  NO!!!)That all said, after lots of effort WAS able to get these functions to work.  Literally had to verify files and go out, reload and then purposely go into options and ""Set Controls for Defaults"".  The game then finds everything and you have function again.  Otherwise you got a lot of ""? to do this"".  Unless you tell the game to go look for the controls VERY wasy for a PC user to rage quit hard.  (Which I've been hearing a lot of today.)  In short, I have to tell the game engine HOW to find the keyboard and map it.  Crazy huh?If you're a console...well have fun.  No seriously go have fun!   Teabag Hitler for me!For now on a PC, be patient and do those steps.  THEN you can go Teabag Hitler!"
76561198257640415,Recommended,312660,30009595,Posted: 18 February,all,MAX,its not the game of the year but its too fun to play solo or co op
76561198053994230,Recommended,312660,30231227,Posted: 27 February,all,KubanD,Do you like grid action fast pace sniper games or just sniper games in general? then this game will come in very usefull!
76561197992719020,Recommended,312660,30234234,Posted: 27 February,all,addh,"Meets the standard set by the first Sniper series, allways improving. The graphics in Elite 4 are excelent."
76561198106926629,Recommended,312660,30474925,Posted: 12 March,all,ur mum,im enjoying it bought the delux edition and its well worth it in my opinion
,Recommended,312660,30165965,Posted: 25 February,all,A.L.M,"this game is really good.i havent played a game like this before and at first i found it really hard because i wanted to rush in and take on everyone at once only to get shot down from all sides, i took me a good few trys to understand how important stealth in in this game.there is so much to do and find that it took me 3 hours to do the 1st level, in that time i fell in love with this game.What do i like about it ?X-ray kills with a knife are insane [walk up to a guy stab him in the face and see the knife rip though the brain]X-ray kills with the sniper and insane [shot a guy in the eye and watch as it shreds though the eye and brain cracking the skull]the game play is smooth and well optimised [60+fps all the time]the cut scenes are very interesting and well thought out"
,Recommended,312660,30619391,Posted: 19 March,all,adrian51gray,"Huge levels and refined sniping gameplay. If you liked Ghost Warrior or SE3, this is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,312660,30938893,Posted: 4 April,all,SergeiShoigu,"Needs more maps and missions. also, it doesn't make sense to allow only 2 players in cooperative mode.Other than these, it's perfect."
,Recommended,312660,30075671,Posted: 21 February,all,AdamTM,"Very solid entry in the franchise.Essentially improves on everything from Sniper Elite 3 and ties it together into something coherent.SE3 had the problem it tried to integrate the open world structure into the SE franchise but ended up with maps that were way too large (making traversal a chore and sniping largely risk-free) and too linear.SE4 improves on this with tighter maps with better level design, enhanced, improved and smoothed terrain traversal, tighter mission structure and better AI (especially on the snipers).The multiplayer content (coop, spotter, etc) is also a great addition making the game very replayable. The game clocks in at 12 hours on Marksman difficulty (which is entirely too easy) with all side-objectives.Ran 60 FPS on i7, GTX 970, 8GB RAM, some framerate dips below 30 during zooming with binoculars (probably some kind of optimization issue, or my low RAM).The only thing that is really missing is something ""bombastic"" to elevate the game. Setpiece battles, boss encounters and/or long sniper duels.Dont get me wrong, the moment-to-moment gameplay is great, it carries the entire game very well, however its story and narrative are too small scale to grab me, even though theres ample opportunity to do so.The SE story at this point is alternate history, not too dissimilar to the recent Wolfenstein, where Nazis are building giant Metal Gear like tanks, have functioning jet-engine bombers (in 1943) or radar-targeted smart missiles (again, in 1943). Why not just do the full Monty, with a bit more crazy science, tech and the heroics associated with taking them down.And yes I am fully aware that most of these are ""realistic"" in the sense that f.ex. the Ratte tank from the third game was an actual design proposed in WW2. Its just not ""crazy"" enough, especially since we never actually fight it.Let us actually fight a giant tank next time, it would be fun. Clearly this franchise has the gameplay down, its tight, engaging and fluid, why not elevate the game by giving it some wow-factor.Or at the very least give the main character a story arc, give us a narrative and characters to care about.8/10 - Good game, Worth full price"
76561198075238349,Recommended,312660,30776416,Posted: 27 March,all,Insensible,Delievered exactly what i expected from this game. Highly recommended.
76561198017186309,Recommended,312660,29944005,Posted: 15 February,all,jackass,plays great... looks fantastic in 4k ....love it !
76561198023361416,Recommended,312660,30659667,Posted: 21 March,all,curlywade,brillient
,Recommended,312660,30216447,Posted: 27 February,all,jackassdnb,"It's a great game, but be warned the price is much higher than the amount of content in the game. It's recommended only if you enjoy playing the same maps over and over to get all awards and the small number of weapon upgrades..."
76561197970410287,Recommended,312660,30323626,Posted: 4 March,all,nelly99,"sniper elite 4 looks good and plays well and the bullet dynamics are pretty good like before, i did enjoy playing this game but realised very quickly that it was to easy, if your a dedicated fan then you can sneak around and what have you and play that way, but for me i like a game to stop me if it can instead of me playing to its rules, for instance i set the difficulty on normal and then changed it to hard, then finally changed to hardcore which in effect is no harder than hard with the ai, but hardcore turns off all info screens like markers on the map and health bars ect this made it a better game for me than always knowing where my bullet was going to hit, as all those things in snipe mode were also disabled, but regardless of all that you can still just blast your way through especially from a distance without creating much trouble for yourself, the enemy just runs around while you pop them off, close quarters battles can be entertaining as well, but sometimes i felt the third person view was to close to the screen, other than that graphics are very nice, plenty of searching to be done, but i only got about 2 upgrades unlocked for my weapons, it seems you would have to do alot more with one weapon to get it upgraded when there are many other weapons to choose, havent tried multiplayer yet though....i would recomend this game but it is expensive at 39.99 and still dlcs to pay for to..."
76561198191571154,Recommended,312660,30266525,Posted: 1 March,all,BigRob59,"This game is continuing the Sniper Elite franchise with a new breaking discovery,open world. For players who are returning,well welcome back. You can play one mission for hours choosing your way to kill your target. The best part, you can shoot Germans and Italians in the nuts!"
76561198093509637,Recommended,312660,30268539,Posted: 1 March,all,Athina,Fun game after working all day working with numbers to just chill out and pick and shoot.
76561198006512763,Recommended,312660,30261620,Posted: 1 March,all,FLYDMAN[NO],"Nice game easygoing gameplay ""no rush"" timing is essence, graphics are fine allthough not the best i`ve seen, for me this game invites me to play it over at different difficulty levels."
76561198137073961,Recommended,312660,30264619,Posted: 1 March,all,INDOMINUS REX,Shot a guy in the head.Not good enough?Shot a guy in the head penetrated hit another guy.Still not good enough?Shot A guy in the head penetrated hit the next guys testicles.Still not good enough...
76561197988535705,Recommended,312660,30325307,Posted: 4 March,all,OneManClan84,Nazi brains splattering all over = Very satisfying game. 9/10
76561198082906387,Recommended,312660,33193811,Posted: 3 July,all,melissabozarth,If you think the whoe xray shot thing is gross you can turn it off. This game is super fun and can be as easy or hard as you want it to be. You can sneak around making traps or just go on a crazy nazi murder spree. I love it.
,Recommended,312660,32955512,Posted: 28 June,all,VaXeM,if you love fps games you must buy this game :X
76561198067427048,Recommended,312660,32971060,Posted: 28 June,all,Gingerninja,nazis are bad
76561198045634492,Recommended,312660,33078394,Posted: 1 July,all,Rick McSquid,"gameplay is fantastic, if you are a fan of the sniper elite series or sniper games in general, this is a must have, and preformance is pretty good. looking forward to shooting hitler in the♥♥♥♥♥♥for the third time."
76561197993613813,Recommended,312660,33162356,Posted: 2 July,all,Arcticspyder,"Good Game, can't say great but a good Sniper Elite game."
,Recommended,312660,32766083,Posted: 25 June,all,Sythalron,Really good game actually.
76561198126136518,Recommended,312660,31864391,Posted: 20 May,all,2LV8ETR,"Absolutely awesome game. I have played every single one of them and enjoyed them all.My only two gripes are that one, I'm not a big fan of third person, I prefer first. Maybe somewhere in the future a selection can be made?Secondly, the AI could use a tweak. If I took a shot at someone I would expect them to go looking for me, not walk around in circles for a few minutes them go back to kicking the dirt at their feet.Other than that - Awesome!"
,Recommended,312660,32898123,Posted: 27 June,all,alexmercerj172,很需要耐心，但是游戏非常引人入胜
,Recommended,312660,30083415,Posted: 21 February,all,Jeverage,"Further evolves Sniper Elite in very good- if predictable- directions. It does still suffer from one of the issues I've had with the series from the start: It often feels like the game wants to punish you for actually using your sniper rifle.The sound-masking mechanic is back, and it remains a cool idea. But, as in the previous games, it tends to feel mandatory and makes sniping without sound-masking punishing and extremely risky. Perhaps not unrealistic, but I think the effect on the game is negative. You end up feeling like you aren't ""supposed"" to use your rifle unless you find one of the designated areas where there's an opportunity for sound-masking- usually a broken engine you can kick.Sniper Elite 4's biggest strength is the newly wide-open level design, but in a way I found that only exacerbated the sound masking problem. I ended up spending a lot of time in these levels just hunting for those pre-determined spots where my shots could be masked, rather than actually having the freedom to find my own vantage points.To its credit, SE4 does finally introduce suppressors as a core mechanic. Being able to suppress your shots definitely helps my earlier problems a bit- giving you more freedom to choose your position- but they require relatively scarce suppressed ammunition, and reduce your effective range pretty noticeably. It's understandable that there would be tradeoffs, but the scarcity of suppressed ammo in particular keeps it from actually being a viable solution most of the time.All that to say, this is still a great entry in the series. If you liked the earlier games, you'll like this one, but don't come in expecting some of the series' less endearing quirks to be gone."
,Recommended,312660,32881819,Posted: 27 June,all,McS¢ro†ie,this game is good.
76561198082991406,Recommended,312660,31022574,Posted: 8 April,all,Hippety Hopper,"This game is amazing but my computer had to restart on the screen where you cant turn it off or exit the app, and when I restarted my computer the game was deleted. Ok thats no big deal but the game wasn't actually deleted it was still in my drive and I only have 11g of free space left so to reinstall the game I deleted all the files than I redownloaded the game. All fixed right? Wrong I got the error content file locked, so I looked up what to do and I couldn't find the answer, I ran steam as an administrator, and I only have windows defender for anti virus software. So at the moment Im really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I payed 60 Chf for this game and I was only able to complete a few levels. It may have been from EVGA Precision (I have a GTX 960M) but I dont know what to do right now so if anyone could help me that would be great."
,Recommended,312660,30051985,Posted: 19 February,all,Pels,"So far so good.The amount of violence in this game is so damn high, every single X-ray is so detail (Nothing to compare with Sniper Elite 3)The maps are big AF, almost 1 hour and a half per mission.10/10"
,Recommended,312660,30250048,Posted: 28 February,all,Aesthetic Weaboo Rooster,Yes.
76561198068933391,Recommended,312660,31132107,Posted: 14 April,all,Huak,Could not open the game. Bought the sniper elite 4 version. Installed. When click play could not launch. Wanted to play this game real bad. Please let me know once the program is fixed and i shall buy again as I've refunded.
76561198330633621,Recommended,312660,30866533,Posted: 31 March,all,I Wish Suicide Was Easier,I love how long the missions are. As well as the nut shots.
,Recommended,312660,33659084,Posted: 19 July,all,Figer spin,9/10Dialogues could be less boring and less cringy tbhOther than that I think it's an awesome game and a great addition to the series ;)
,Recommended,312660,33667211,Posted: 20 July,all,Witches Brew🍸,seen one testicle explode seen them all pretty meh really
76561198007365395,Recommended,312660,33667460,Posted: 20 July,all,Sigurd,This game can be described in two words.Brutal Fun.It is a good and entertaining game.
,Recommended,312660,33105944,Posted: 1 July,all,STABBY,"great fun and runs well!Edit: and all that juicy DLC for the season pass, so good."
,Recommended,312660,30620176,Posted: 19 March,all,Milkman,WHEN WILL HITLER DIE FOR **** SAKE?!?!?!
76561198069616428,Recommended,312660,33412150,Posted: 9 July,all,BeefyBerts,no sniper rifle :(
76561197960634728,Recommended,312660,30637813,Posted: 20 March,all,DamnNation.DK,"I love it...nothing more to say i guess, gotta go back in and play hehe"
,Recommended,312660,33450507,Posted: 11 July,all,eDJr.,missed my shotoh♥♥♥♥♥♥restart my last checkpointperfect10/10 ez
76561197983600612,Recommended,312660,32457145,Posted: 15 June,all,desroses,I don't regreet this purchase
76561198065046061,Recommended,312660,34047613,Posted: 5 August,all,bhk,"Brilliant! This is a top-shelf game and in all my years of gaming (and that's more than three decades) this is the most satisfying FPS I have experienced.I own all versions of 'Sniper Elite' and Rebellion have excelled themselves with v4.I bought the game two days ago, downloaded overnight, and played (in Marksman difficulty) my first mission yesterday....and that took more than 3.5 hours to complete.The stand-out features, as far as my opinion goes, include the ability to hide in bushes, grasses and wildflower clumps (thereby increasing the stealthiness); the ability to climb something other than ladders (pipes, for example) and the vastness of the maps.There is also a feeling that the game is not as linear as previous versions, that there is more flexibility in how you accomplish each goal.It's definitely worth the current discounted price. Definitely.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,312660,34071276,Posted: 6 August,all,Cromo McGrego,love this game- Ryan
,Recommended,312660,32836526,Posted: 26 June,all,mjedi7,This is Sniper Elite III improved. Glad I bought it.
76561198216073815,Recommended,312660,29968488,Posted: 16 February,all,malcolmporter2468,sniper elite 4 manual please as I cannot put a bandage on !
,Recommended,312660,29970483,Posted: 16 February,all,Firemanwill14,"Short story: Good game, Long story: Nah I wil save this story for another time, :3"
76561198063907985,Recommended,312660,32760868,Posted: 25 June,all,TAZEZ - Sneaki Peaky LIKE,nice game but very few multiplayer in sea server
76561197995961551,Recommended,312660,30055773,Posted: 20 February,all,DeMetz,Fun game. Would've liked a few more weapon options outside of the upcoming DLC. All the old favourites will take a while to release.They have the collectables gimmick in each level so if you just want to stealth and play the objective you won't get most of them. I find that you have to murder everything that moves on each level and even then you miss a lot of them for some reason.From what I hear this game is a massive step up from the last Sniper Elite. There's nothing fundamentally wrong with the game aside from the terrible acting in the cut scenes.I rate it 7.5/10
76561198205352752,Recommended,312660,30398522,Posted: 8 March,all,BigDickBandit,Great game simple as that.
76561198068450169,Recommended,312660,30048933,Posted: 19 February,all,Syoptic,Nice game.This series is definitely going in the right direction.
76561198000829338,Recommended,312660,32490784,Posted: 16 June,all,Vic Cash,Best Sniper Series ever produce. I would whole heartly recommend this came to anyone who enjoys FPS's.Buy it you'll like it !
76561198021188828,Recommended,312660,29935676,Posted: 14 February,all,OldSchoolG33k,"""Nazis, I hate these guys......"".Except when they are zombies or guinea pigs to test my sniping skills like I'm been doing with Sniper Elite 4.Kudos to the developers to bring us this tactical and stealthy game which bring hours of guaranteed fun."
,Recommended,312660,34268603,Posted: 15 August,all,NateLB,"I'll be honest, I don't have a clue as to what the story is exactly about other than ""Bleh bleh, shoot nazi's and sometimes russians, bleh bleh""BUTThis game is a fantastic way to blow time watching slow motion after slow motion bullet cams in rather fantastic detail."
76561198110167267,Recommended,312660,29935566,Posted: 14 February,all,overkillone,"""This will come in very usefull"" - Karl Fairburne 1943 Italy  8/10"
76561198166266288,Recommended,312660,34210387,Posted: 13 August,all,XGwolf36,"This game does a lot of things right:-Large, detailed, unrestricted levels-Primary and optional objectives - plenty of Nazi hardware to blow up-Good sniping and stealth mechanics-Customisable difficultyThe campaign is actually quite long ifyou complete all objectives and kill all enemies as I did.Steam says I have played 38 hours,but that includes deaths, load gamesand cutscenes.A solid game with no major flaws."
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,312660,29960497,Posted: 16 February,all,Jack the Ranger,= too hard for getting weapon upgrated.
,Not Recommended,312660,34423440,Posted: 22 August,all,Dont touch that pootis bird,"I regret buying this gameI used to be a fan of the sniper elite series and while this is the best one in the serious it seems lackuster. The thing I dislike l is the level design and the campaign missions. The levels can ofton feel very bland and while it looks good it isn't immersive. The missions never feel like your achieving something and the story is a joke. Where this game shines is the gunplay which is absolutely superb. I feel like there are other games that do a better job at the type of theme Sniper Elite is going for such as metel gear or splinter cell. If you are a fan of the ""sniping"" then I would get this on sale. I made the mistake of paying full price and feel burnt"
76561198277344422,Recommended,312660,30504928,Posted: 14 March,all,[ DorkyDarko ],One of the best sniper games out there :]
,Recommended,312660,31534390,Posted: 3 May,all,Sinowha,it's a great game and it has a few bugs which will occur from time to time but otherwise it runs great and they scenery and vegetation really wow me also it's pretty short i wish sniper elite 5 will be longer and have a more fun campaign
76561198158104481,Recommended,312660,30176678,Posted: 25 February,all,bwdjay,"Great adition to the series, definately recomend..."
76561197993423285,Recommended,312660,30179456,Posted: 25 February,all,cubeteck,Freaking fantastic!! :D
76561197975682465,Recommended,312660,30181673,Posted: 25 February,all,myoldpc,I like it !  Real great Graffix smooth game play  what more could a guy want  ?
,Recommended,312660,30274583,Posted: 2 March,all,d1vinity,10/10 shoot Hitler in the balls similator
76561197997138554,Recommended,312660,30278102,Posted: 2 March,all,{AFB}BULLSEYE,awsume game with great graphics.
,Recommended,312660,32689824,Posted: 23 June,all,TOM,best game 2017
76561198029232777,Recommended,312660,34053198,Posted: 5 August,all,andrew195546,"The original game was pretty good and I enjoyed playing it. The DLC however are fun in the first 2 missions  but after being shot and killed through buildings and solid rock in the third mission, I gave it a miss. The A.I. can apparently see me and kill me wherever I am hiding in or behind."
,Recommended,312660,34875916,Posted: 10 September,all,Polygon Man,"Overall the game is really good. Kills are satisfying and the campaign is lengthly. It gets frustrating as ♥♥♥♥ to the point where i want to punch myself in the♥♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly. However, I am a filthy casual who doesnt have the time or the patience to git gud. Still not bad. 8/10"
76561197964684395,Recommended,312660,34057564,Posted: 6 August,all,Vamp,"I'm not a great FPS player but liked the stealth concept so I wasn't sure if this game would be for me - turns out that at lower difficulty levels, slowly making your way across the map and picking off gurads and targets is hugely satisfying - glad I bought it and would recommend for those looking for a WW2 stealth themed game."
76561197989020533,Recommended,312660,34850087,Posted: 9 September,all,Lemke,"Fantastic game, I've been a fan of the series and was not dissapointed with this one. Keeps getting better with each installment."
76561198098584308,Recommended,312660,29947112,Posted: 15 February,all,BuckarooBanzai,I enjoy the Sniper Elite games and have enjoyed the campain for this one but i can not get over the fact that they advertised additional content that is not released yet. At least they didn't pull a Hitman and make you pay for the game one piece at a time at the rate of one chapter a month. Things that i would like them to of added are unlockable Supressers for your rifle so you wouldn't have to♥♥♥♥♥♥with suppressed ammo and upgradeable items for your rifle such as matchgrade ammo and better optics. Also it would be nice if they would include a suppressed sten with the silenced wepons DLC (if we even see it any time soon).
,Recommended,312660,33944775,Posted: 1 August,all,NachoMist,"The only game I know of where you can shoot a Nazi from 300 metres away and watch his ribs shatter in slow motion, while the bullet passes through his body into some oil barrels that cause a chain explosion to total an entire harbor. Also with the DLC you can shoot Hitler in the ball. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,312660,34379905,Posted: 20 August,all,Qna9-Njd,جميله جدا وحماسينقصها عدد اللاعبين أون لاين
,Recommended,312660,34360174,Posted: 19 August,all,ＪＡＢＲＯＫ,1-find enemy2-missed shot3-missed shot4-missed shot5-missed shot*20 minutes later*63-gets headshot64-says first try and screams of joy
76561198127226517,Recommended,312660,29928992,Posted: 14 February,all,trucknonyourface,idk.... if you like the x-ray shots and big levels its for you. doesnt support 144mhz monitors well. turm off v-sync and the tearing is insane. would recomend i'm having a lot of fun with it.
76561198127083576,Recommended,312660,31449841,Posted: 29 April,all,Gibbo,I want sniper elite 2 back D; - its still good though and i love the co-op campaign
76561198121342888,Recommended,312660,30911693,Posted: 2 April,all,Jlord,Eight missions of Nazi slaughtering goodness. Challenge overload and different playstyles allows insane replayability.
76561198133088232,Recommended,312660,33161176,Posted: 2 July,all,Xtremecole,I'm alittle late to the party..... first time I've played a Sniper Elite game.I am having trouble turning it off lol.It is flipping AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,312660,34232645,Posted: 14 August,all,TheOPDiamond ¯\_ツ_/¯,dream is to 360 noscope somebody
76561198011671244,Recommended,312660,32320927,Posted: 10 June,all,george47mathew,"As a sniper centric and stealth game it is pretty good. The AI is marginally smarter than the previous series. I mean we all know AI programming has not reached a revolutionary stage, yet.It is a good sniper simulator....Each mission are lengthy and as difficulty is increased, it'll take a LOT of time to finish just one mission.I only wish the scopes had realistic reticule and experience a sliver of difficulty on how those real WW2 shooters made long range shots with those realistic reticule."
,Recommended,312660,33007230,Posted: 29 June,all,isitizet,"This game has done so many little things right its hard not to like it. Even though the maps could be bigger , you should be able to drive vehicles, you should be able to make puddle splashes while running down a wet street. The game has some flaws and theit characher graphics are vary bad. However the overall enviornment of what we do get looks great and it runs smooth. For me it just falls short of being amazing and I decided this when i realized i could barely enter any house or open a door."
,Recommended,312660,35490690,Posted: 5 October,all,NateBob - Streaming,It's game
76561198069590115,Not Recommended,312660,31017125,Posted: 8 April,all,dvl2006,Repetitive gameplay. Empty open world.
,Not Recommended,312660,31483139,Posted: 1 May,all,delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol,Gets really boring and repetetive after like 1hour of playing.
76561198209134551,Recommended,312660,29912296,Posted: 13 February,all,OMGitsPylot,"I absolutely love the Sniepr Elite series it always gets me so hyped and jittery around release and I am rarely as excited for a game as their 4th installment. I jumped in and played around for a bit and it runs great at 1080p ultra settings despite me having a mid-range desktop. However, sadly it has not validated my season pass for the Digital Deluxe version but I'm giving that a pass since the game doesn't officially release until tomorrow.Happy Sniping,John"
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,312660,31711873,Posted: 12 May,all,RedRock3t82,"A good game to play if your having trouble going to sleep and its more boring and redundant than counting sheep.  A last gen game on current gen ported to PC.  Its a waste of money, dont buy."
76561198042588557,Not Recommended,312660,29994416,Posted: 17 February,all,Rain,Nothing makes me want to play more of this game. It's just not for me.
,Recommended,312660,30547752,Posted: 16 March,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,"purchase all gamesSniper 1,4old steam accounts"
,Not Recommended,312660,33873603,Posted: 28 July,all,RandyCo,"Dont get me wrong, im a huge fan of the sniper elite series, however. this game is a very good example of modern games not having enough content to be worth their $60 pricetags.Simply put, you cant kill hitler without DLC. its an issuethis game was very fun, I really thouroghly enjoyed this game but its just not enough to be worth $60. the game is probably worth around ~$40 with all the DLC at most. feel free to get in when its on sale though."
,Recommended,312660,32491954,Posted: 16 June,all,Breeki Man,da iz gud
,Not Recommended,312660,34065694,Posted: 6 August,all,Random Reviews,"Enjoy enemy AI with a memory shorter than a goldfish with alzhemiers? Then is this the game for you!Best part of this game is definitely the slow motion body kill camera. Everything else is just lacking with the single player campaign's story having no sense of urgency. The voice acting was very average and pretty bland with talking to side characters before missions being very boring, adding nothing to their characters.The graphics were not as good as I was expecting. For a AAA game, they could have been better, more polished in their style.I came away from the game not feeling any different from when I started which isn't what I look for in a game. My memories of this game are as salient as the enemy AI remembering my position, grasping at something for a short while, but then just forgetting about the whole thing and realizing that I spent full price on this game like the Nazi remembering there was a sniper just before a bullet escapes from his testicles."
,Not Recommended,312660,33506396,Posted: 13 July,all,Leverz,"I want to give this game a good review, as it builds on a great game and refines everything from the previous title.However, for some reason they put in ""screen bounce"" when you move. A lot of people find the game unplayable, including me. Some find it nauseating and others, including myself, suffer headache playing the game. This is one of the most idiotic inclusions I have seen added to a game, this is not the only series to do it.Update:I contacted Rebellion customer support, and they informed me that the idiotic camera shake is “not something that will be amended for SE4 [Sniper Elite 4]”."
76561198300982782,Recommended,312660,29955316,Posted: 15 February,all,Claus,"The storyline of it is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I killed the sniper, left after checking those dead bodies in the square, then what?"
76561198066204586,Not Recommended,312660,33858645,Posted: 28 July,all,BigDong123,"Good game, but not worth 40 pounds for the amount of content"
76561198150578847,Not Recommended,312660,34065660,Posted: 6 August,all,parkerdangaruss,"this game is incredibly repeditive. i lost interest in the game after the first level. the ai is also very stupid and will sometimes ""look for the player"" by staring at a wall"
,Recommended,312660,29925597,Posted: 14 February,all,Erris,badass game = the best game
76561198014050970,Recommended,312660,30228434,Posted: 27 February,all,Taco,"Sniper Elite 4 is similar to Sniper Elite 3, but with major imporvements to map-design and artificial intelligence.You also have a lot more movement options, like hanging off ledges and more places to climb.Due to the much more open and large maps, you can effectively lure enemies to kill-zones and then re-locate, which was nearly impossible in Sniper Elite 3 (unless you ran straight backwards, assuming you had cleared the past area). Enemy detection have been improved to compensate for this, which you can abuse to lure them to said kill-zones, which is a bit ironic.You can technically be completely stealthy (minus a few explosive objectives), but its much harder to stealth than to just straight-up kill everyone on Sniper Elite & Authentic difficulties. A combination of stealth & loud tend to give the best results in my experience."
76561198052179079,Recommended,312660,29960496,Posted: 16 February,all,Terry,i love it
76561198087178022,Not Recommended,312660,29990800,Posted: 17 February,all,Oceanhawk,"I had some fun in the single player game, personally I have already com-pleted it twice, but multiplayer is where the game completes falls apart. It's boring, dull, uninteresting and the maps are horrible. Devs should go back to the drawing board."
,Recommended,312660,30302809,Posted: 3 March,all,Silent Scout,"i find this as one of the "" creme de la creme"" games where the graphics and game play is fantastic especially on the Pc.  I have not had any problems as of yet, but I understand that being a new release its bound to have some bug issues etc. As they sa "" Patience is a virtue in these matters, Well Done to all those Involved in producing a classic game."
76561198189610131,Recommended,312660,30260168,Posted: 1 March,all,Kim Faen?,"Recommend, best game"
76561198057802414,Not Recommended,312660,30890536,Posted: 1 April,all,Robbie Rotten,"I am really mad i like this game, but no one plays it anymore"
,Recommended,312660,31797171,Posted: 16 May,all,Frost,You shoot things in this game
,Recommended,312660,29932869,Posted: 14 February,all,ThornGonePostal,Boom! headshot!!!
,Recommended,312660,32794425,Posted: 25 June,all,Robert Plant,"I have only played the first mission, but i think the game is really fun"
,Recommended,312660,30065502,Posted: 20 February,all,McCree,SoIt's pretty goodIf you're going to drop $60 on a shooter this is the place to do it
76561198149414350,Recommended,312660,30115358,Posted: 23 February,all,Sz,This game so ♥♥♥♥ing good!!!!
,Recommended,312660,30125881,Posted: 23 February,all,trenchboiömer,Sniped some people felt like COD and Battlefield had a baby started shoooting them in the nuts created a new experiencenein out of ten
76561197971692751,Recommended,312660,34100853,Posted: 8 August,all,Delle(DK),"Mediocre playstation ""arcade"" game ported to pc.Yes that is how I feel when i play the game, but despite of this i do enjoy it more than sniper 2 and 3.Reason is the game world is larger and ""less"" liniar though it is still very liniar and as fas as i know nothing is random in the game... The enmys always walk the same patrole and there are always the same guards and defences ect ect.However what i like about the new game is that they react to noice and will come and look for you and try to hunt you down.. This you can use to your advantage.Example put a mine with tripwire down along a route that an enemy patrol.. Once he blow up allot of the nearby soldiers will come and look in that area and you can use this as a kind of distraction to get past an area if you like.However still the game feel kind of ""liniar"" and like an arcade shooter since the game is kind of unrealistic.Yes the sniping experience is okay and it is cool when you actual hit something and see the cinematic bullet flying and hitting your target. Personaly i play on authentic ( hardcore ) without aiming help or other fancy features, and do everything stealth and realistic... However the game do feel kind of aracade for me even though i try to do things realistic.But truth is the sniping in the game is not really realistic.. Yes there is bullet drop and wind that minic but other than that, not that realistic but for an arcade game it is okay.Typical sniping distance i would say is max 200m for most players without targeting help, but you can shoot from 0-500mI notised one problem with the game on hardcore that is that even though your scope show you x wind, then sometimes there is no wind... hmmm  ( happens allot in co-up )Regarding co-up campaign it is nice, but I would say it very fast jsut become a kill it all kind of game even with a serious player.I would like to see a sniper elite 5 with much more open world and with random events and random patrols and traps ect.And also a game world where we have to gather info to figure out where a target is, and that the target never will be in the same loacation.... with other words everything need to be random everytime you start a new mission.Sniper elite have potential but they really need to move away from the arcade playstation kind of feeling with a liniar gameplay.The graphics are good, sound is good and you even hear the NPC talking and if you understand german you can use this to your advantage... Example  ( fall back and defend, or assult that possition ) and then you know I better move now."
76561198041161606,Recommended,312660,33648376,Posted: 19 July,all,rashad1966,this game spendid yes would recommend it
,Recommended,312660,30051198,Posted: 19 February,all,CDI,♥♥♥♥ING DOPE♥♥♥♥♥GAME
76561198112981059,Recommended,312660,32718589,Posted: 24 June,all,choglit,At 19.99 its worth it. This is a good sniper game but if you want the real deal stick with arma type games.
,Recommended,312660,30409380,Posted: 9 March,all,CooteMasterSack,"I personally believe that they have finally taken everything they have done with the Sniper Elite games and make a masterpiece! I want to let people know that I have played sense the very first Sniper Elite, I also did not finish the 3rd installment in its campaign nor it's DLC missions. I was someone taken into the 3rd when it first came out but quickly became bored and unimpressed with it. So, with that being stated I have spent more time playing this game already than 3 and V2 combined (althought I loved V2 and its level layout). Sniper Elite 4 has fine tuned every single aspect that this game needed to become one of the best in my opinion. The maps are absolutely massive and truly meant to be replayable countless times as you continue to learn new things and paths to complete objectives. This is short of a sandbox game but completely has the goal of coming off as one giving you so many options as well has the hardware to go at the same level again and again. The weapons are exciting and addictive, pushing you to want to test and upgrade every single rifle, pistol and SMG. Each of which has very different requirements to be able to upgrade the weapons which makes every single one unique not only in how much each weapon differs for preformance but also the challenges you have to meet to get the upgrades.NOT TO MENTION THE ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE SNIPER CAM, TRAP CAMS, AND STEALTH KILL CAMS!COULD NOT BE MORE SATISFIED WITH THIS GAME!"
76561198264159614,Not Recommended,312660,30939972,Posted: 4 April,all,chris,"Graphics quality and control is extremley poor, have asked the development team at Rebellion if this is normal or maybe something to do with my set-up but received a very curt reply from them which is surprising. The game ""story"" looks good but because of the control issues(zoom lens wandering all over the place, trying to control the shoorter when running etc..)in my view the game is unplayable. I do not understand how anyone can recommend it.Chris Turer"
76561198018671284,Not Recommended,312660,34663825,Posted: 1 September,all,Ian,"Some good stuff, some not so good. The campaign is very short. It has an annoying habit of ending the mission if you complete a main goal while there are side missions still to complete. The scenery is pretty but could be more interactive. A lot of stuff looks like it can be climbed up, on or over but can't.It's not very stealthy, it's easier to get into a fire fight and snipe everyone. Suits me I guess as I like to snipe, but compared to something like dishonoured it's just a shouty shoot'em'up.Wait for it to appear on sale, it's not worth full price. I did enjoy it for the brief time it lasted."
,Recommended,312660,29913538,Posted: 13 February,all,VeX,"One of the greatest games I have ever played, just another addition to an already amazing series."
76561198140298909,Not Recommended,312660,33451242,Posted: 11 July,all,I'm just a novice,"The most terrible nothing more than when you are playing with fun,the game gave you a suddenly crash."
,Recommended,312660,29930649,Posted: 14 February,all,FarmersOnly.com,Great graphics and performance alongside the fact that the gameplay itself is amazing. The game itself makes up for the fact that about 6 weapons are dlc
76561198037828522,Recommended,312660,34040897,Posted: 5 August,all,C. Black,"Good easy casual game with nice sniping game mechanics, but if you are looking for a challenging tactical shooter, then this isn't the right game for you, its just too easy and too casualI like it a lot tho and I think its fun with all those detailed kill cams and many weapons to choose fromAI gets very easyli predictable and is kinda stupid, would you just forget and go about your business if your coleague just got shot a minute ago and forget about it? no, you would sound the alarm and inform your officer and a hunt for the enemy sniper would last much much longer in real life, so yea its a casual game with easy and stupid AINice graphics and map design"
76561198036687312,Recommended,312660,29954106,Posted: 15 February,all,Lord Malthus,"We're playing this for our Youtube channel and it's amazing! No complaints so far, they've done a very good job adapting to modern keyboard settings. #shameless plug come check it out on Losers at Work"
76561198049881788,Not Recommended,312660,30272650,Posted: 1 March,all,Felldane,"I bought this game anticipating a fun action shooter. What I got was a broken mess. The game crashes occasionally, but much more often it has controller issues. My XBOX One contoller, which works with every other PC shooter I play, works for 5 seconds and then the game locks it out and I have to quit. I used my old backup Logitech controller, whcih worked until yesterday when the game stopped accepting its inputs. All drivers are up to date. This is a game software issue."
76561198030272053,Recommended,312660,33593796,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr_Jake_Smith,"I bought Sniper Elite 4 as it was reccomended to me by a friend, I had previously spend a long time getting Cozy with Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands, and he thought that I'd like this Game.. Sure enough! I really enjoy this game! I'm the type of guy who doesn't mind spending a while, Waiting for a perfect shot with a marksman rifle, rather than skipping through the Courses, guns blazin' with a Tommy gun, Fun as that might be though. 10/10 for Creation, Graphics and Oppotunity shots, 9/10 for the Bullet Cam, which Can troll a little bit but is Generally an asset of Great fun as well."
76561198006545370,Recommended,312660,30292800,Posted: 3 March,all,Shaun,"Wholeheartedly recommended. Gives a fair balance between action and stealth, and is forgiving of mistakes (in a good way)."
76561198066514935,Recommended,312660,34020921,Posted: 4 August,all,ItsTheBirdd,"This game is good, yes, I just didn't like it.  I thought I would, but TIL that sniping just isnt my cup of tea.  I got a refund, but that doesn't mean I don't think it is good.  Make the choice for yourself.Good GraphicsHard as ♥♥♥♥ on/past hard difficultyGood sounds"
,Recommended,312660,30003280,Posted: 18 February,all,skyline,chinese please.
,Not Recommended,312660,33209174,Posted: 3 July,all,-DI- Dey,Quite boring. Expected a lot more from the game. The story isn't that interesting and the graphics aren't that great. It's exactly like Sniper Elite 3 and it would have been better if it was different.
76561197971043475,Not Recommended,312660,31976092,Posted: 26 May,all,Clump,"Short!  Was supposed to be a bigger world than 3.  Finished in 14 hours, completing all side missions.  Otherwise very enjoyable.  Not recommended at the full price."
,Not Recommended,312660,33153767,Posted: 2 July,all,PapíDimmi,"It’s not a bad game, but the FOV is super low, and there is no way to change the FOV at all.Playing with such a low FOV gives me motion sickness.Do not buy this game until they have added an FOV slider."
76561198137623328,Not Recommended,312660,31510262,Posted: 2 May,all,sotirisberthoukas1,"i bought this game 4 days ago and the game crashes all the time after 5-10(max)minutes i send e-mail in games support and none answer me,i dont recommend this game because if you have a technicall problem the support is very poor!"
,Recommended,312660,29912391,Posted: 13 February,all,Xenon,Very fun so far hope i dont change my mind
76561197970741143,Not Recommended,312660,30207784,Posted: 26 February,all,Bonus Bang,The gunplay gets ♥♥♥♥♥ier with each iteration of this game.
,Recommended,312660,29936175,Posted: 14 February,all,SmileyWar,"Loving the game, can't wait to go more hardcore in difficulty."
,Recommended,312660,34050891,Posted: 5 August,all,EndZiiel,"This game is great. I can't believe people are complaining about how its too much money for how long the campaign is!.... I guess they ran through it like idiots.Soon as i started this game i went into target practice, i ended up staying in there for a good hour just trying to get gold medals. After that i proceeded to the campaign, I spent a good 2 hours on the first level alone just looking for the hidden papers and exploring the whole map while completing secondary missions. Also i spent a lot of time grabbing dead bodies and throwing them into the ocean from high points.This game also has a wave survival mode which i love in most games and this game also does it right, definitly worth the money. I did get this on sale however for 30USD but i would gladly pay 50USD for it.Sometimes i feel a bit bored of going stealth and decide to rambo it, which im guessing a lot of people do but if you plan on going through each level without being spotted it should take you a long time to complete the story and alot of restarting missions.Pro:+Graphics are very nice+The weapons are great and the game offers a fair bit of customtization and upgrades+Great sound+So far i haven't come across one bug or glitch+Co-op with friends in campaign or even survival mode.+If you play it for what it is.. a stealth game!, then you should get atleast 10 hours of enjoyment from the campaign alone.Cons:-Although the Ai can damage you a lot even on Normal difficulty i find the Ai to be fairly stupid most times and can cause frustration-MP is fairly dead-Hitler mission is a DLC(10 USD)"
76561197971928404,Recommended,312660,33946004,Posted: 1 August,all,zimmerkid,Glorified COD veterans come here to die
76561198024655131,Recommended,312660,29936677,Posted: 14 February,all,Bigwelshmatt1976,"Cracking game. Loved the other games in the series but this is just amazing. Graphics, game play, everything is epic."
,Not Recommended,312660,29939661,Posted: 15 February,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"It's about 5-6hrs for campaign!!!! WTF.(fyi I didn't even rush it) I can't recommend it for full price, the price to playtime ratio isn't looking good. Maybe you can squeeze some more by playing multiplayer or overwatch... Other than that it's a very good game, an improved version of SE3 in every aspect. In case you are wondering the game's performance is good but it's demanding.EDIT: Attack of fanboys is real! just be careful with this one, if you are struggling and have to make a choice then just wait for a sale because this game finishes sooner than you think and don't give into the hype. Yes this game is good but it's just not lasting, as you are warming up and story is getting more intresting BAAM it's over! I couldn't believe I was doing the last mission already. It reminded me of Deus ex MKD."
,Recommended,312660,30233481,Posted: 27 February,all,.SpooKy~ #LgK,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,312660,33150102,Posted: 2 July,all,manic_marauder1,very good
76561198027146942,Recommended,312660,29959861,Posted: 16 February,all,RUM,Good game.Hope to have Chinese version.
,Recommended,312660,30166989,Posted: 25 February,all,Big Pep,really good game... one problem and that is the levels...idk reallyi refunded it
,Recommended,312660,30001202,Posted: 17 February,all,MP7 APPRENTICE | farmskins.com,it fun but not if you play a game for story
76561198126968222,Not Recommended,312660,34197666,Posted: 12 August,all,stanandjuneoman,After downloading this game from steam store I have had nothing but trouble.   The main figure will not go in the direction you want it to & now the game as stoped working conpletley .  Will not recommend this game at all
76561197992206557,Recommended,312660,29949654,Posted: 15 February,all,roy.koro51,great
,Not Recommended,312660,34183157,Posted: 11 August,all,sportsfp,"The game is very addictive, but i accidentally bought one of the new crates that requires a 'key' and those 'keys' require real money...like my hard earned money I need to buy groceries or pay rent. I already bought the game, don't make me pay for other $@*% just to be able to change the clothing my character wears. So unless you want to idk....save for your retirement or go out to eat without being broke, you may not want to get this game if you prefer to customize your characters."
,Not Recommended,312660,33570979,Posted: 15 July,all,メルビン|Garegos,"♥♥♥♥♥game, no community behinde playing it."
,Not Recommended,312660,30150637,Posted: 24 February,all,EiN,"People who are saying the graphics are ""great"" must have weak video cards.  Yes the game plays smooth but really, in 2017, we should have better graphics/modeling/texturing than this game. The gameplay is ok. Explosions are cool.Pros:KillcamSnipering PeepsCons:Weak graphicsOverall repetitive and short gameplay.BIggets Con:The Price.  Wait 6 months for a sale."
,Recommended,312660,29935969,Posted: 14 February,all,ARMLESS-1ARMOFF,having played all the previous Sniper Elites this is another great game.great gameplay and graphics.realistic movement.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
76561198106159837,Not Recommended,312660,30621490,Posted: 19 March,all,eccentric,gets really stupid after a few hours
,Recommended,312660,32823912,Posted: 26 June,all,Delta 2-1,I am writing this review for my son Lonzo.10/10
,Recommended,312660,30303462,Posted: 3 March,all,✪ ThePCWizard,"This game is an open world version of Sniper Elite 3, with better graphics, better X-Rays, and more ways than ever to kill things. 8/10"
,Recommended,312660,29915471,Posted: 13 February,all,.meany,Gucci Mustard
76561197984347662,Not Recommended,312660,31498183,Posted: 1 May,all,Mahekaru,"Meh, I liked 2 and 3 better..."
76561198076089518,Not Recommended,312660,30286365,Posted: 2 March,all,ase_lix1985,unable to play. tried everything. waste of money
76561198382172004,Not Recommended,312660,33449954,Posted: 11 July,all,dimasmahar,repetitive gameplay.. bored..
76561198061687152,Not Recommended,312660,30658224,Posted: 21 March,all,Saxon,Played this game for only 3 hours looks great at first till you have played it for a few hours   totaly boared with it already same thing over and over again waste of money
,Not Recommended,312660,33246434,Posted: 4 July,all,Beffa af Bäverns vänner,Fun game but very short if you do it Co-op. Only 9 hours.
76561198153866684,Not Recommended,312660,32835286,Posted: 26 June,all,JuJuBooBear,very repetitive and not very intuitive to start with :/
,Not Recommended,312660,30110067,Posted: 22 February,all,spybaz,Horrible view controls. Can clearly put someone in crosshair/dot but when you right click to zoom/aim it shows you behind a wall that you are not actually behind. Stupid.Refund requested.
76561198086326183,Recommended,312660,29946742,Posted: 15 February,all,marco-polo,"I pre-load the Gane, if I press play the Game doesn't start"
,Recommended,312660,30298204,Posted: 3 March,all,Rolinos,If you liked the previous one this is worth a shot. The larger levels are a welcome addition as well. There are more tactical options available to you on a larger map.
,Recommended,312660,35140056,Posted: 22 September,all,CorkyMacaroon,"What the ♥♥♥♥ did you just ♥♥♥♥ing say about me, you little ♥♥♥♥♥? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the ♥♥♥♥ out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ♥♥♥♥ing words. You think you can get away with saying that♥♥♥♥♥♥to me over the Internet? Think again, ♥♥♥♥er. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable♥♥♥♥♥off the face of the continent, you little♥♥♥♥♥♥ If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ♥♥♥♥ing tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will♥♥♥♥♥♥fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, kiddo."
76561198019549717,Not Recommended,312660,34845569,Posted: 9 September,all,Ants in my eyes!!,Wait I paid $66 and the campaign lasted 9 hours? I even waited to setup perfect situations every mission and there was nothing different from the last game to me.
,Not Recommended,312660,34174379,Posted: 11 August,all,߷TheSpoi߷,"So, i was playing as normal got to like part 4-5i got tired, saved game, went to bed.Come on next morning my save is gone so now im back at the first missionon top of all the bugs in the game losing 10 hours of progress is the worst"
,Not Recommended,312660,30017087,Posted: 18 February,all,Snobben,please fix mouse problem everytime i use mouse button i it just exits the game so i can`t play it
76561198051076127,Not Recommended,312660,30000053,Posted: 17 February,all,lostmuted,While i love the game play. This was my first sniper elite game and when i read the discription it said extensive campaign. 8 missions is not extensive. i paid 60 bucks for 20 hours. I'm sure ill put more time into survival mode but it wont equal out to 60 bucks. Maybe when i get more consistant internet ill try multiplayer but i didnt buy this for pvp i bought it for single player.
76561198253751511,Not Recommended,312660,31834142,Posted: 18 May,all,Papercutsmind,"Nomaly I would recommend Something as tactical  as Sniper Elite 4 though if you HAVE to have it I would recommend it on a game console such a the Xbox or Playstation PC is unplayable,To start off my explanation I Purchessed said game and downloaded it WITH high speed fiber optic cable internet when I played it for the first time i noticed lag in ceatin aeras of the first level, at first I was okay with this because ""Hey the game still works."" Now that I am back with my ungodly satalite internet I can bearly move without the game STUTTERING even with my controller, The game is complety UNPLAYABLE do to this stuttering and not worth ANYONES time on the PC,If you have an Xbox or Playstation buy a copy of Sniper Elite 4 for them otherwise you are wasting your time and money."
76561198297098586,Not Recommended,312660,30049626,Posted: 19 February,all,rubicon50k,"I liked the aircraft at the ending... great theme to the game - with lots of detail on the ships, aircraft, and vehicles...  Gameplay into what each mission was about was fine, and unique... one of the Luftwaffe's Secret Weapons.... but damn, the whole thing was over within a few nights of actual game play.  The game started to get really interesting... then  BAM !!  the entire game is over, and the credits are rolling across the screen.  totally not worth the investment of $60+"
76561198076023083,Not Recommended,312660,35220009,Posted: 26 September,all,kaboomzxc,"Annoying gameplay mechanics.1. Cannot Jump.can only jump when approaching a low wall that can be jumped overyou need to jump to overcome some obstacles, and in order to view the surroundings more properlyyou also need to be able to jump and shoot, that's in my opinion why jumping is important.2. Difficult to find Collectibles stuck on body.extremely damn annoying, that some collectible letters are stuck on a body.after a firefight, running around, all the bodies are scattered, it's difficult to find the particular body in order to retrieve the damn letter !!!!! Also, bodies are scattered everywhere after a shootout, some hidden in bushes/grass patches, that is difficult to look for.Developers should include some ""scout mode"" in order to look for important targets/ dead bodies that contains collectibles/ collectible itemsthere isn't a gameplay mechanic as in sniper ghost warrior3(SGW3) , that allow you to use ""scout mode"" in order to highlight the bodies better.also, some bodies can be searched again and again, and hence you won't know for sure which body you've already searched or not.I have no idea why SGW3 has mixed reviews compared to this title, in my opinion SGW3 is much more deserving.3. No Challenges DescriptionNot sure if anyone mentioned it before, but it disappoint me A LOT. I don't know what they are till finished mission and even though I only know their name. What do I need to do? What the hell are developer thinking when they did that!?This was asked, and answered, multiple times. But once more: Challenges unlock once you beat a mission once. Then when you replay the mission it will show you the challenges, and your progress in them, in the pause menu.But still, an unnecessary and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do. Perhaps the Devs want to increase replay value for the game.Buy SGW3 instead, it is cheaper and much more fun."
76561198067060790,Not Recommended,312660,33639319,Posted: 18 July,all,GrimDirector,"Boring, unimpressive, and certainly not worth the price, by any means. The slo-mo cams are repetative and there's nothing engaging about the rest of the gameplay."
76561198079568396,Recommended,312660,30081087,Posted: 21 February,all,Clyde the nibba hunter,good gakme
76561198014073031,Not Recommended,312660,30656205,Posted: 21 March,all,privera,"Crashes. Cant get passed first encounter with out it freezing. I run all Call of Duty games, have run all previous versions of Sniper...Big Library of Steam games..but this one was not ready for release."
76561198324929919,Recommended,312660,31161499,Posted: 15 April,all,Ricky From Sunnyvale,SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RIP HITLER HAHAHAHA
76561197987148103,Recommended,312660,34003133,Posted: 3 August,all,Andro111,Nice game and really fun in Co-op!
,Not Recommended,312660,34080114,Posted: 7 August,all,Sneaky's Back,Can't comment on this. Bought it but failed to check the video card specs so can't run it without a video card upgrade. :(All other versions worked with my current card gtx570.
76561198042147593,Not Recommended,312660,31122842,Posted: 13 April,all,alan.flook,"paid for Sniper elite 4 downloaded it, S E 4 is in my Steam library but when you go to play it opening page comes up you press Play all I get is my screen page NO GAME"
,Not Recommended,312660,29995289,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ Left234,"Refunding this game. (most of these reasons apply to MP)Reasons:1. When zooming with scope the reticle increases in size, this makes it near impossible to compensate for bullet drop without aim assist, this is also not realistic as this is not how optics behave in reality for this very reason.2. Idiotic loadout system. Sniper Elite V2 had it right and then 3 ruined it3. Hardly anybody online most likely for reasons 1 and 2.4. I'm not a fan of the health system they implemented in 3 and in 45. There is no borderless window option. Only windowed and I had to use a 3rd party program to force borderless6. Idiotic system of unlocking weapons - promotes cheating for those who don't want to wait to unlock a weapon7. Filter for multiplayer server list doesn't work8. Matchmaking doesn't work and I'm not going to hang around to find out IF they ever fix it9. Server list doesn't come up as default there's a button for this, but I think most people don't notice it - this might be why there are hardly any players in MP*these things may be fixed in the future but I have lost faith in the gaming industry and doubt it will ever be fixed"
,Recommended,312660,32789651,Posted: 25 June,all,some ƒucc shit,cummies!
,Not Recommended,312660,30498072,Posted: 13 March,all,Θοδωρης Δρακακης,The multiplayer missions are one of the most boring things to do in your life .also buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥if i alt tab once it stucks and alttabs whenever i click in the game ..... really poor work for 60 euros . GTA V cost the same ( or less ) and had double the fun no bugs .... really disappointing it took the game 3 hours to make me resent paying for it i will neither recommend it nor think highly of anyone who does
76561198011275478,Not Recommended,312660,31833187,Posted: 18 May,all,*DHL*gatekeeper,the game doesn't launch?? help.
76561198089775115,Recommended,312660,30518417,Posted: 14 March,all,rjheard,I AM HAPPY TO HAVES TEAM I HAVE 80 GAMES THE DEST SO FAR IS ELEATESNIPER4   HOPE TO BUY ALL ELEATE GAMES ???HAVE E MAIL STEAM AND THAY SENT A RETURN  HOPE YOU COME OUT SEAM5678 AND I WELL BUY ALL OF THIMBEST CO I HAVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME THANKS
,Not Recommended,312660,32823844,Posted: 26 June,all,Job,"Very bland. Nothing original. Rehash of the same game you've seen for the past several years. Mindless ease in coop, even on the highest skill level. These dev's need to go back to Alien vs Predator Arcade shooters."
,Recommended,312660,29937075,Posted: 14 February,all,✪ xAceRPG,This is an awesome game and fun if you are a jew and you want to revenge that damn ♥♥♥♥♥ nazis and not really die in reality :D
,Recommended,312660,30053240,Posted: 20 February,all,★UR mine★,"You cannot 360noscope in this game, which gave me cancer, but being able to shoot testicles made up for it and cured my cancer.nein/10 would shoot testicles again"
76561198323984737,Not Recommended,312660,33467726,Posted: 11 July,all,Stardust1995,"To be honest, I THOUGHT this is a game that I have to play very sneaky to ensure I don't get headshot by AI.No, it wasn't.This game automatically found ememies for me on the little map, it was not hard enough for me to headshot them, and the kill camera just wasted my time.I just spent lots of time escaping from AI and took them out very easily. Quite boring and disgusting.Refund already."
,Not Recommended,312660,34502544,Posted: 26 August,all,Hayabusa,BAD game the camera mode is shiiiittt like you play arcade games
,Not Recommended,312660,33064357,Posted: 30 June,all,nowaynick,"game is bugged, couldnt even get to launch at first, dlc isnt worth it at all, lack of story, each map take like an hour to complete, AI is brainless with cheap shots on you all the time, multiplayer is dead, co op is dead. i put in a return for it hope it gets accepted"
,Recommended,312660,29930679,Posted: 14 February,all,IronPan😃,BEST GAMEEEEEE
45345337756785675,Not Recommended,312660,33369174,Posted: 8 July,all,vaahteramäen neekeri!11!,"i would not recommend this game.... i mean it is really fun to see the enemies organs explode in slowmotion but... thats about it... it gets extremely repetitive, you shoot from a hiding place, get spotted, hide in a bush, murder them walking past you, go to the next hiding place... and the missions are way too big for me. and i dont like it.also i have seen many negative reviews get bombed down by the fanboys, but jesus christ anyone who is gonna buy this is just gonna see all the positive sides of the game and not the negative! what about if he doesnt like the game? waste of money. so please, whatever you do, dont bomb this review down."
,Not Recommended,312660,30173532,Posted: 25 February,all,Hommel,Run and gun rather than a silent kill type game.  Was initially buggy. Wasnt fun or what i was expecting.  This was the first Sniper Elite game I have played.
,Recommended,312660,34011291,Posted: 4 August,all,SmartCunt,Any game that lets me shoot nazi's in the sack is a good game in my book.
,Not Recommended,312660,30052696,Posted: 19 February,all,Dankpool,aneven clunkier buggier hitman.
76561198056637905,Not Recommended,312660,30580039,Posted: 17 March,all,DarkMatter,Controls are bad and the game play is clunky. The game itself is to straight forward for a game that should give you more options. Overall the game needed more thought and work... the controls could have used ANY work.. it would seems no thought was put into them.
76561198047571778,Not Recommended,312660,30321925,Posted: 4 March,all,markmcdade,"Ok so I'v just downloadd the game and have been playing for an know -- and, I'm bored as s**T!!! How long to I have to practive on she practice range? I've got medals in all three. Do I have to keep doing this over and over again? When can I get into combat. And no mater what I do, I can't beat my bronze store to get to the next left. SO FRUSTRATED AND BORED!How long will I have to keep going at the practice ranges? It gets boring as heck and I'm losing interest fast. THIS WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. BORING!"
76561198153493877,Not Recommended,312660,29964086,Posted: 16 February,all,LORD OF THE SEVEN SEAS,campaign shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198140007551,Not Recommended,312660,33361844,Posted: 7 July,all,INFERNO.MX,this game is sucks!
,Not Recommended,312660,31027127,Posted: 8 April,all,♛ Gringo ♛,"game movement  mechanics could be alot better.kill cam gets old after a couple hours , no real change from 2 and 3repetitive  game playnot worth 60$$ imobuuuut  if you like it go for it"
76561198372847083,Recommended,312660,33999332,Posted: 3 August,all,natedogwoofwoof,absolutly amazin game
76561198193824850,Not Recommended,312660,32272903,Posted: 8 June,all,Whytry,waste of money for the Lack of missions the game has..your best of buying more games with your money
76561197992247697,Not Recommended,312660,31476271,Posted: 30 April,all,TunaSimon,"Well i have played this game now for the last 7 hours and  now wish i had saved my money. From the offset i could see it was layed out so much like SE3 the plants and bushes are such poor artwork. The buildings are far to much the same as well. The AI is poor the enemy donot search for you enough for my liking. And to top it when in settings the program keeps locking up, untill the programers fix the bug dont bother. Rating it out of 10 i will alow it 6S Gray UK"
76561198071792563,Not Recommended,312660,30294357,Posted: 3 March,all,Squarehead,From all my 40+ games i never had any as♥♥♥♥♥♥as this one .What a waste of money !!!
,Not Recommended,312660,33114837,Posted: 1 July,all,Vechtkoning,"Every level is the same in my opinion, kill 3 people with a sniper, everybody panics, go in rambo style.if you are looking for a sniper experience you will have better luck with free flash games on the internet.not worth the money at all"
76561198023375442,Not Recommended,312660,30224918,Posted: 27 February,all,McGyver,"patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥ unplayaple co-op, and that's the only reason to really play this game. and it does not work."
,Not Recommended,312660,30548496,Posted: 16 March,all,The Hurter(ing)er,"I never write reviews but i had to warn people. This game has the worst mechanics ever. You will find youself unable to jump over a small wall, watch out for obvious places you cant go to and never mind jumping through an open window. Seriously if you have played any game from 2013 an on then skip this. it is frustating to say the least. I wish i could get my money back!"
76561198352190190,Not Recommended,312660,32927593,Posted: 28 June,all,Big smoke,why my sniper elite 4 isn't working?stuck in introduction game session
76561198241040624,Not Recommended,312660,33093666,Posted: 1 July,all,o.ketelaar,"nice game, playing on a AMD phenom II 955 and amd rx380. Running very smooth 1080 high settings 60 fps. Only thing it lost 5.6 gb during download, so only the first level was playable. I needed to check the files and a download of 5.6 gb i am waiting for almost 3 hours for finishing. argh♥♥♥♥♥♥servers"
76561198056057417,Not Recommended,312660,31884740,Posted: 21 May,all,[UKCD]-ReaperMan #13,"Seriously WTF I am not very good at these games but to be able to finish the whole game, DLC not included took me 22hrs and for 30 odd quid kinda of a rip off, not happy and would not recommend. The game itself is Sniper elite as we know it and is ok I suppose. I don't play online as I am the guy in the corner jumping for his life and spinning around like a loon.If it is on offer for a fiver or summit then by all means go for it"
,Not Recommended,312660,33494520,Posted: 12 July,all,stew,man do i feel like an elite sniper killing all of the stupid ai in the game
76561198024051564,Not Recommended,312660,30080438,Posted: 21 February,all,Gator9358,-pro:none-con:over priceno story to speak of (kill cardboard nazis dey evilzzzz)the game will bug out and require reinstall (1 hour install min)its trash
76561198151426738,Not Recommended,312660,31105337,Posted: 12 April,all,loubis mcpubis,it did not work so i could not play it which was a waste of £40 in my opinion
76561198070172069,Not Recommended,312660,31158395,Posted: 15 April,all,paresh.patkar,sniper elite 4 crashes to taskbar windows 10 after click of mouse
,Not Recommended,312660,31755279,Posted: 14 May,all,Angry__Bull,wait until Sale
76561198376397634,Not Recommended,312660,31011340,Posted: 7 April,all,alwaleeddody,d
76561198289349306,Recommended,312660,31604731,Posted: 7 May,all,Knight,"I would recommend the game, but without any emphaticness, as, while the game pays lip service to its RPG elements, it does nothing more than that - there is no upgrade mechanic for the cahracter (outside of the truly meaningless), no armour, no loot mechanic, and far, far too few rifles for a sniping game. I mean, what, did they only have 8 rifles in WWII? I think they had a lot mroe than that. No scope items, no barrel items, the possibilities would be endless if the dev would only commit to its RPG mechanics, but as it stands, it pays lip service, and what remains is the same sandbox FPS as Sniper Elite 3 and 2 and 1. The way forward is not with secondary weapons dear dev, it is with depth on the existing ones! Depth over width Rebellion!"
,Not Recommended,312660,30750443,Posted: 26 March,all,Crawling in my Crawl,"0/10 no footprints in snow or sandits actually good, that other part was a joke"
76561198140126061,Not Recommended,312660,29930342,Posted: 14 February,all,ECYECYECYECYECYECYECYECYECYECY,"It only has Sniper Elite's face, but no heart any more.Despicable outsider XD"
76561198056554062,Not Recommended,312660,29953816,Posted: 15 February,all,Jokeski,"1) There is no toturial in coop...2) the AI SUCKS. I mean what man would run around like a headless chicken.3) I finished the game in 11 hours.4) OVERPRICED5) Every mission is basically the same, but in a diffrent environment."
76561197961834605,Not Recommended,312660,33199935,Posted: 3 July,all,Carbon,"Pretty Game, that is about it. Same bugs and issues as Sniper Elite 3. Just isn't worth the price even on sale."
76561197970940668,Not Recommended,312660,30101052,Posted: 22 February,all,HeInZ,how many more times we have to kill Hitler? Content Police on this one pls......console crapxray vision kills (5mins fun)wallhax ingameconsole AI(one of the most stupid AI i have ever played with)Bots on 1.6 Counterstrike have more brain30min fun after that its crapMultiplayer LUL GTFOhappy that we have refunds now.....
76561198031732723,Not Recommended,312660,33716407,Posted: 22 July,all,steve_1983_love,can`t load gamedx11 error
76561198257183966,Not Recommended,312660,33209182,Posted: 3 July,all,Teufel,"Has crashed frequently on me.  This game has the flaws of the ""older"" new sniper ghost warrior games, particularly ai.  Steam will not refund even though 4 hours were at title/reloading/finding game.Edit: Steam has made it near impossible to get through as they seem to only automate refunds.  This is very disheartening. Even though I note that quite a few of the hours were trying/hoping to have it run without crashing, Steam still says I am at fault due to time spent.  Even though I have a rig more than capable, and know how, I am at fault.  I will be going to other sites from now on for games and I will definitely make sure they are not Steam related.  Remember, you vote with your money when it comes to businesses."
76561198240794998,Not Recommended,312660,30415588,Posted: 9 March,all,thaihien123,I need hjelpe.can not start  game
76561198176699881,Not Recommended,312660,29955368,Posted: 15 February,all,Sir_Mudkip,"so far it gets a not reccomend review. from the missing dlcand the non-responsive support/customer service about the issue and only a slight notion of it being released later which is stupid over all, from a forum page is irritating. so far from what i've played is decent but have yet to get the full expeience."
76561198329429060,Not Recommended,312660,29928146,Posted: 14 February,all,IIISWIFTYIII,"Graphics are not as good as they should be, too many jaggered edges, even on my msi gtx 1080....and DLC you have to pay for on day of release is F**king shocking! Thats the worst part in my eyes."
76561198288447912,Not Recommended,312660,30080883,Posted: 21 February,all,Hello,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198139013554,Not Recommended,312660,32819942,Posted: 26 June,all,passerywy0,"Terrible image performance, is it a real 2017 game?"
76561198132510643,Not Recommended,312660,30767236,Posted: 26 March,all,eclipse™,SURAM SEPI !! haha
,Not Recommended,312660,30055571,Posted: 20 February,all,JR_KABOOM,"Lag, lag, and more lag. My PC far exceeds the minimum requirments and I don't have this problem with any other games. So far what I'm seeing it is nowhere near the $60 I paid for it. I did not have these problems with V2 or V3."
76561198015858617,Not Recommended,312660,31032331,Posted: 8 April,all,Soggy,mutha fuka crashes consistantly
76561198357580786,Not Recommended,312660,29922063,Posted: 14 February,all,linda_sikkenga,"Garbage, not like the previous games, more like the other Sniper game......I wouldn't buy it if I tried it, not as fun as the prevous games........wait for cheaper."
,Not Recommended,312660,33153569,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ Mystical,Terrible
,Not Recommended,312660,33179325,Posted: 3 July,all,NikZ,good graphics but no first instructions how to play
,Recommended,312660,29912902,Posted: 13 February,all,Kozak,You can sniper in this game
76561197987608861,Not Recommended,312660,31608596,Posted: 7 May,all,nikkpapp,"I have so far only played campaign mode and I really enjoyed it. Lots of different environments and options to choose your own way to clear an area.However. IT IS TOO DAMN SHORT! I was like WHAT did I just finish the entire game? I am not a fast player, but I have 43 played hours and the fun is over. I would consider this a total rip-off had it not been for the good qualityI would recommend this game to anyone who just wants to spend a few hours playing. But I don't. Dont't buy it. Personally I consider anything less than 200 hours of game playing a poor game."
,Not Recommended,312660,33158705,Posted: 2 July,all,Lion Heart,Game runs like a turd on lowest settings when the hardware meets recommended specs. it looks awful aswell. the game is virtually unplayable stay away until they fix it
76561198020558790,Recommended,312660,29912286,Posted: 13 February,all,JFT96,"plays amazing and the world looks so beautiful,  I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,312660,31481181,Posted: 1 May,all,Nation ^0^,"Played for 2 hours. Rip, Refunded <3"
76561198144705768,Not Recommended,312660,29989130,Posted: 17 February,all,ganu.bhatt997,cannot play the game at all hangs and lags even though in low resolution please help
76561198021471972,Not Recommended,312660,29967415,Posted: 16 February,all,MMSPIDER,"Had terribleable FPS problems, even in the lowest setting. I believe the game has some problems in this respect. Luckly Steam support refunded my money. Thank you steam!Computer specs7th gen I7-7700GTX 1060Alienware 17 R4, bought new this year."
76561198185789702,Recommended,312660,29911872,Posted: 13 February,all,Jimamo,Just by playing a little bit of it I can already say that this game is awsome. The visuals are very impressive and the gameplay is really fun. I fully recommend this game!
,Not Recommended,312660,32793983,Posted: 25 June,all,Brogo,"Extremely unrealistic, almost impossible not to get detected. Even on easy mode. Places where there would not be guards there are. Games went extremely downhill."
,Not Recommended,312660,30126637,Posted: 23 February,all,ChickenFuzzNuts,"This is a review for anyone else that has Intel Graphics HD 5500 with an i-7 coreI recommend not playing sniper elite 4 as even on the lowest setting you will not get a good playable FPS as you'll probably get a 10-15 average FPS 20 top, I would recommend trying the other sniper elite game series as they will run on intel graphics HD 5500 with an i-7 coreI will review this game again when I have a better computer to run it but at the moment I'm not recommending it for anyone with this graphics card"
76561198288746700,Not Recommended,312660,34863546,Posted: 10 September,all,Scratch?,it sucks horible gameplay the worst graphics and is not fun I would like it to be better but it just sucks
76561197999083052,Not Recommended,312660,30017481,Posted: 18 February,all,raWrz,Killed Hitler. World history didn't change. 1/11
,Not Recommended,312660,31199299,Posted: 17 April,all,HoomanSA8,This game is the worst
76561198030751833,Not Recommended,312660,32749163,Posted: 24 June,all,patches,TOTALLY UNPLAYABLE. THINKING MAYBE STEAM DOWNLOAD FAULTY
,Not Recommended,312660,29914413,Posted: 13 February,all,Alastrom,"It's like playing a caricature of a game featuring ""snipers"" in a World War 2 setting. The only redeeming thing about this game is the bulletcam, but that gets old after the first thousand Nazis you kill.EDIT: According to some people the game gets better after an hour. I just naturally assumed the experience would be over after two."
,Not Recommended,312660,32815984,Posted: 26 June,all,★iAmNotCh1★,Nope
,Not Recommended,312660,32565501,Posted: 19 June,all,Havok,Copy and paste of the previous games
76561198080619398,Not Recommended,312660,31432171,Posted: 28 April,all,Number,"I noticed sniper ghost warrior 3 came out, returned this, bought that.  The running sucks, enemies cant see you in a bush that you clearly stand out in, and pressing shift pretty much a baby guide.  game looks great and scenery can make you stand there looking at♥♥♥♥♥♥""on 1440p ultrawide monitor"".  only buy if you like to take screen shots."
,Not Recommended,312660,29962494,Posted: 16 February,all,Stephen,what a load of rubbish this game is
76561198071784458,Not Recommended,312660,29926039,Posted: 14 February,all,ζ͜͡GreatzNoob,Refund plz :P
76561198309799635,Not Recommended,312660,29918938,Posted: 14 February,all,netantskkd,can't support chinese
76561198003521930,Recommended,312660,30134214,Posted: 23 February,all,CargoXray,"I own all the SE games with boxes even pre-SE3.  This is the best yet. Simply sublime and beyond all doubt a worth GotY for me.I play on Auth, and I spent 3hrs on the first map. It was incredible.  I thought I would dive right in too, but no, not so fast. I needed to spend some good range time learning the new scope and 'stuff'. And it is Hard. I love it.I'm sure with aids, it's probably like before if you want to casually snipe ever blip on the map from 500m out.  But on Auth, it's like it should be. A 200m shot, is no easy feat. And even beyond 100m don't take it for granted.Add in all the other new stuff, and it's just magic.The change to weapons mods from SE3 is a loss though.  So far I don't mind the $Credit unlock for different guns (don't need them much anyway beyond the G43).  And since Upgrades don't help me anyway in Auth, I don't mind that either.After I finish Auth mode in a probably 60hrs (possiblly 6-12 weeks real time) or so, I'll go back through on easy mode with a friend co-op.  Oh the fun that will insue then, the Challenges will fall like dominos.  Speaking of which, they really have me pysched to try them after I finish my initial Auth run.ps. I don't read any articles about the game, avoided all previews/reviews/forums/chat/reddit/social/cjcfBest Sniper Elite Ever, all other games wannbe like it."
76561197968052081,Recommended,312660,30474234,Posted: 12 March,all,Zonver,I have played all of the Sniper Elite series to date and this one continues to improve and impress. Highly Recommend this game.
76561198142280620,Recommended,312660,30604972,Posted: 18 March,all,cowabunga,"First off this game is fantastic in terms of stealth action. Nothing like taking out enemies from long range and watching stuff explode.Pros: Great stealth gameplay. Nifty sniper rifles (Springfield really is the best). Expansive areas to crawl, hide and snipe.Cons: Not enough silent ammo. Cutscenes don't reflect the type of weapons you choose.I highly recoomend this game!"
76561197991261251,Recommended,312660,30635914,Posted: 20 March,all,Mayhem,Awesome game! I hope the next installment is located in the Pacific Theater!!
,Recommended,312660,30636631,Posted: 20 March,all,PLUGGI,Perfect Gameplay&Maps
,Recommended,312660,30654220,Posted: 21 March,all,Sl1ck,Fantastic single player experience. Rebellion works fast to put out bug fixes and extra content.
,Not Recommended,312660,29917245,Posted: 14 February,all,⎛⎝☠WRATH_ASURA⎠⎞,"Super Fun,i didn't expected This Game Will Be good,but after playing for some time,i realized this will B great..only problem i m facing is can't find any mp matches with players,and unable to find Quick COOP match.but no worries,i will form my own squad with my friends to play MP ..Update:Game Died very quickly.no one wants to buy this game,hardly 1k people play this time.if anyone expected more about MP and buy this game,u won't find any servers at all."
76561198082607285,Recommended,312660,30659234,Posted: 21 March,all,SWDivad,I really like just about everything in this game! A lot of fun sneaking around and whacking the Nazi`s from insane distances. Get in.......kill...........slip away. Really great graphics and story too. So glad I bought this!
,Recommended,312660,30661573,Posted: 21 March,all,ja450x,Love this game performs flawless gtx1070 amd 9590fx gigbyte motherboard.
76561198020091848,Recommended,312660,30663292,Posted: 21 March,all,Spinal Twitch,"I have been onboard with version 2, 3 and now 4. I really like 4 except for one mechanic that is quite bad. It is totally useless to use the F5 to save a game and the F9 to recall that latest save for the simple reason that the game does incessant saving. So I might be lining up a quick kill shot on an aware sniper, press F5 and then the game saves just as the sniper centers in on me and knocks me out of my cover. Pressing F9 returns to just that point where I am uncovered instead of the point where I had last saved before taking aim at the enemy sniper. It makes it extremely annoying to use. So you are forced to do the longer, Save game, and then Load game when you want to get things just right. I hope they change this because if you do not want players to recall their last quick save, then quite simply do not provide the F5 and F9 functions.Otherwise the game is very good and I would recommend it to others as long as they stay away from the F5 and F9 options which simply do not work."
76561197998602831,Recommended,312660,30679903,Posted: 22 March,all,navyvetbb62,i have all four games. I found number 1 and number 3 to reenact closer to true sniper behavior. Stealth and more stealth. this game is more of a shooter than a true stealth operatoration. Sniper Ghost warrior 1 & 2 is more of a realistic sniper scenario. you can go far into the game without being found and still complete your mission. Sniper elite 4 is a good game and i would recommend to anyone that likes shooters.
76561198145633816,Recommended,312660,30678619,Posted: 22 March,all,JustinPalais,"I played sniper elite 3. HATED IT.Played with a friend. LOVED IT AND LAUGHED, Shortly became Husband and Husband.Bought Sniper Elite 4. Hated ITReturned IT.Go money back.Bought it again. LOVED IT, i was jk about that thing earlier im not gay.Simple RUNDOWNStory: What story?Graphics: 8/10 They are good on all settings nothing to drool over (even low is not that bad tho, I run on 4k and its pretty clean AA on 1080 looks♥♥♥♥♥♥tho)Gunplay: 8/10  Really good if we are talking pistols and snipers, IDK if i would say the machine guns are good, i feel like they spread too much or the reticle is not accurate idk.Gameplay: 9.5/10 Its fun, You can do guns blazing, or ofc stealth.... but sometimes you slip and you have waves and waves of nazis shooting at you. Its fun to pick em off one by one ( also they can shoot through wood like its air if they know ur position and if you move out of your known position they will keep shooting at ur last known position. idk why i love that so much, i know other games have done it but it just works on this)Funfactor: 9/10 its a little repetitive but if your just playing a few hours a day its not tooo much.Lasting Appeal: Usually it takes me an hour a mission, Idk how many there are but i believe its 6-8, and thats 6-8 hours without getting all the secrets etc. on normal too !OVERALL : Solid 8  to Light 9I would say definitley get it if you have the money, if not just wait for a sale!"
76561198369272065,Recommended,312660,30682834,Posted: 23 March,all,gladsmuir62,Very intelligent and highly addictive.
76561198085042766,Recommended,312660,30680653,Posted: 22 March,all,fragkou_ant,"is a very good game ,story,missions etc and sure add this game to your colection of sniper"
,Recommended,312660,30687163,Posted: 23 March,all,Dwnld,I'm gonna just hit the Yes button right now.There is still a war to win.
,Recommended,312660,30863979,Posted: 31 March,all,Todzilla,Bollock breaking simulator 2017
76561198203272029,Recommended,312660,30870485,Posted: 1 April,all,oldtypeperson,need more downlaodables for this very good game
,Recommended,312660,30855329,Posted: 31 March,all,saaya,"good game, BUTnot much better than SE3not worth more money than SE3the added dialogues between characters in front of the missions are ackward and fakethe environment looks the same or worse than SE3, except for nicely decorated rooms, which dont really matter in a sniper gamei tried SE2 and SE3 again, and i dont know why, but the bullet time splatter effects look better and more detailed than in SE4... 0_o"
76561198068356232,Recommended,312660,30905145,Posted: 2 April,all,Gen. Nuisance,"This is by far the best Sniper Elite episode yet, the story line is great, the settings and graphics are stunning and the realism is as close as you can get. I highly recommend this game for anyone wanting a first person shooter wheather you play alone or you like competative sniping this is your best bet."
,Recommended,312660,30906605,Posted: 2 April,all,Ivan,"This game is great, full 60 FPS on highest custom graphics, the xray cam looks amazing, and you can shoot testicles.The only complaint I have about this game is the DLC's."
76561198097209609,Recommended,312660,30897391,Posted: 2 April,all,toxicsushi,Great game
,Recommended,312660,30898598,Posted: 2 April,all,Josh-dA-K1nG,Good graphics and awesome story
,Recommended,312660,30915594,Posted: 2 April,all,Monkerlotus,"So this game is something I have fallen in love with, it is my first Sniper Elite and now I hope they keep making more, this is effectively 9 chapters of Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes.  Large open ended maps giving you many primary and optional objectivs and lots of ways to complete those objectives.The story is very enjoyable, the side characters really pull it together, but I will always love any game that has you shooting Nazis as protagonist Ace Mcbadass Murrica Deep Voice Guy.Performance wise this game plays amazingly well on my system, no fps drops, texture pops, nothing, it's great."
,Recommended,312660,30892278,Posted: 1 April,all,TierNein,"This game is amazing! The campaign missions were fantastic, the music and sound effects were great as well. There are maps that give you those close-quarter firefights, and others that let you pull off 400-500m long shots. The multiplayer is a bit of a camping simulator, but that's to be excpected since this is a sniper game after all. The graphics are awesome and the killcams are fantastic.Overall, I really love this game and can see myself replaying the campaign several times."
76561198029318979,Recommended,312660,30803961,Posted: 28 March,all,ekerckhoff,"Bottom line up front: good stealth shooter, but very limited gameplay.I played through the whole campaign, and each mission takes a long time to finish, so you're definitely getting value there.  It was a challenge to try and stay concealed as long as possible, using traps and distraction to draw the enemy troops off you.  The animations for the x-ray shots are interesting, but they get old after a while - you can only watch the helmet pop off so many times.Replaying individual missions had some value, trying to complete each of the mission challenges, but it's not really possible to get the challenges in the same playthrough - so you end up spending 2hrs per mission, multiplied by the three to four playthroughs required, all just to get the satisfaction of completion.  Meh - I lost interest after twice through each mission (once on my campaign, once each to try and do the challenges).I tried the survival mode and hated it.  There's no stealth mechanic, so as soon as you open fire, you're swarmed with a dozen enemy in a wave.Decent value here if you get it on sale.  Didn't (and wouldn't) buy the DLC."
,Recommended,312660,30783799,Posted: 27 March,all,StormWolf  ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜),"I give a 8/10 to this one.  ((Training my english in this review. (Secondary language.)))Now you can play stealth mode all the way, but doing so will require a lot of patience because you have to wait for the right time to shoot, to stab, to hide bodies.The reward is great when you complete a mission in a phantom mode, when you are invisible to all the enemies.In comparison to the previous Sniper Elite this one is way better, maps are a lot bigger and the secondary objectives are a lot of fun to do.The X-Ray death cam is better then ever, very well done, even in close encounters with the knife or just breaking a nazi neck.If you are seen by the enemy, you still have a lot of places to hide and wait until the patrols quits looking for you.The AI (Artificial Inteligence) is not so great, because they forget about you, but if you are never seen, that is not a problem.Haven't finished yet, but liked all the maps and objetives so far. (6.6 hrs on record at this review)."
76561198016741447,Recommended,312660,30983328,Posted: 6 April,all,Lord Swank,"Very fun, stealthy sniper game.  I love the ability to complete missions as I see it, as the AI allows me to.  Playing at the highest difficulty is a very fun, and challenging experience.  I will say the bullet cam gets old after awhile, and it would have been great if the AI died in different ways....  more graphical deaths."
76561198230660136,Recommended,312660,30981372,Posted: 6 April,all,bouncing gamer,I just enbarked on a amazing advencher trogh this great game but i wish there was more modes. As soon as i got it i spent 12 hours straight on it Its brill!!!!!
76561198021775735,Recommended,312660,30974655,Posted: 6 April,all,Cyclops,"Brilliant!!  124 hours played.  BUT BUT BUT.....at level 50 Rank ""the shadow"" (after General), the game crashed (file corruption).  Others have experienced this. All stats are reset to the beginning, and all control keymapping is reset to default. So it start again time.Maybe save a game somewhere if you can at level 49.  It actually did this way after level 50.At 32 pence per hour entertainment?  you cant beat it. :)"
76561198012779893,Recommended,312660,30976788,Posted: 6 April,all,trevorbailey956,brilliant game. buy now without fail
76561198344626743,Recommended,312660,30971376,Posted: 5 April,all,Destroyer,"A totally awesome game, love the difficulty levels and the opportunity to increase weapons range, damage, and recoil !"
,Recommended,312660,32876563,Posted: 27 June,all,pkugrsq,"Testicle Shots, 10/10 would pop a ball again"
,Recommended,312660,30106626,Posted: 22 February,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,"Got this game when it first came out and I wasn't impressed. I got a refund and went on with my life..  Picked it up as a bundle during the summer sale and I have to say that Im very happy with the improvements, esp in reguards to the AI. It is greatly improved. All in all it is dang good now."
,Recommended,312660,32901489,Posted: 27 June,all,Warhero45,What's not fun about being the one to take out Hitler's left nut??
76561198005052962,Recommended,312660,32921946,Posted: 28 June,all,DarkWingz,Enjoying the Coop same as before beter graphics and lots of exploding heads Awesome!!
,Recommended,312660,32923192,Posted: 28 June,all,Mozzie Killer,"10/10 Will Shoot Hitler Again.Also, needs more than 2 player Co-op Campaign. 9.5/10."
,Recommended,312660,32887150,Posted: 27 June,all,Mido_Elprince,Nice Game and really difficult .
,Recommended,312660,32948939,Posted: 28 June,all,Imataka,"Back in the game again. But IDK how many times that I have to kill Fuhrer, again and again, since V2. He has some 9 cat lifes or what?"
76561198099403071,Recommended,312660,32819202,Posted: 26 June,all,crazyasscracker,"As someone who has played tactical shooters since the original Rainbow Six, I think this is easily the best single player shooter I have ever played. There are some minor gripes, like it would be good to have more control of the movement speed with mouse and keyboard, and when you slot an officer his subordinates should attend to him, but they are so far outweighed by how awesome the gameplay is.Completely recommended if you like to sneak around."
,Recommended,312660,32965105,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Monk,Must say the bullte time is fun
,Recommended,312660,32951721,Posted: 28 June,all,grssam,Really nice game with stunning visuals and interesting game mechanics. Hope to see much more variety in terms of game play types in the story mode in Rome.
76561198287639352,Recommended,312660,32942949,Posted: 28 June,all,Bertil Svensson,Shooting nazis in the nuts never gets old...
76561197965959823,Recommended,312660,32982760,Posted: 29 June,all,SPHYNX,cool game
76561198353562906,Recommended,312660,33020269,Posted: 29 June,all,BigZ4U,Wonderful game single player is fun.Would love to be able to jump on rocks and such though to get around faster. Also trying to jump into windows is slightly hard and need to be a little be angled
76561198318202375,Recommended,312660,33098962,Posted: 1 July,all,ar,"to recommend or not? but ther is not a neutral option, so yes, but not for a full price. fun, but so short game. All additional content costs a lot. i have not played 1,2 or 3 but open world and stealth ar over words for this game. more like rambo ""One against all""  than silent sniper. The world is too narrow for a sniper, but all good fun :)"
76561198124702618,Recommended,312660,33093955,Posted: 1 July,all,cheeki breeki,great if you like stealth but if you want you can go loud anytime. good for loud and stealth players. in all a great game. 9.7/10
76561198108687403,Recommended,312660,33094213,Posted: 1 July,all,khipolito87,awesome
76561197994762951,Recommended,312660,33063548,Posted: 30 June,all,BudgetKiller,Nice graphics and physics. A.I is clever. Can't stop playing. Might have to enrole in SE4A. (A) = Anonymous. :p
76561198317019652,Recommended,312660,33065559,Posted: 30 June,all,Setsuna,nice game
,Recommended,312660,33068932,Posted: 30 June,all,WooP_WooP,A game about how to shoot the last Gitler's ball
,Recommended,312660,33028456,Posted: 30 June,all,感謝の神。,Nice >>
,Recommended,312660,33028626,Posted: 30 June,all,AbsoluteZero,""" GREAT "" with kwaii anime song :D"
,Recommended,312660,33023139,Posted: 29 June,all,Cypress,"Very nice gameplay, graphic, and sound.Much better than Sniper Elite 3 almost in every aspect.Large map, collectible and lots of guns variety made sniping gameplay very enjoyable.Excellent campaign replayability.Runs smooth on quadcore + 150$ graphic cardBest sniper games, get deluxe edition."
76561198222507444,Recommended,312660,32137271,Posted: 2 June,all,Giraffasaurus Rex,"So I certainly enjoy the mechanics of this game, setting an example all of it's own. It's enjoyable to play, the gameplay is intriguing, and I like wasting my own time to  log hours into this. 10/10, would recommend to friends."
76561198279900146,Recommended,312660,32078296,Posted: 30 May,all,Viger,a very good game !
76561198074431293,Recommended,312660,32080786,Posted: 31 May,all,kanishka,Sniper Elite series is been one of the finest shooting games out there. SE4 out with a bang and breathtaking landscape. AI bit dull though and if played with patience its worth the time.
76561197992249869,Recommended,312660,32400719,Posted: 13 June,all,--={Warrgasam}=--,"Great game, campain is awsome so much more indepth than previous versions, this game series only got better not fully though, i miss the full weapon customisation of sniper elite 3, dont know why they removed it, for example you are stuck with the same rectile for the gun, u can never change it unless u change guns, that would have been a good feature to carry on, silly i think , but the new weapon mastery is cool and skins are cooler, but still not fully customisable, thats the biggest negetive for me, and the only one, over all  9/10 , if you loved the ones before youll love this one now."
76561197976247269,Recommended,312660,32495371,Posted: 16 June,all,Shriek,"The best Sniper Elite yet, a ton of fun. 9/10. The single player campaign took me 26 hours to complete using 50% stealth and 50% run and gun. YMMV.Pros: Large, beautifully designed open maps where you chose which order to complete objectives. Fantastic gun play. Smooth movement and a steady FPS. Stealth that works. Bullet camera. Shooting Nazis.Cons: The voice acting is very bad in places. Some of the text is grammatically poor. I found no reason to upgrade from the default weapons."
,Recommended,312660,32488021,Posted: 16 June,all,sine,"Sniper Elite 4 is the best so far in the series.  I love the weapon variety and the challenge provided by authentic difficulty.  The additional collectables can be tedious to find, though, they do offer a bit of a story unlike the gold bars and bottles from previous games.  The overwatch missions feel different than the rest of the series - sometimes almost as if two people are just doing their own thing not heavily coordinated.  The missions are much more open with more paths to the objective than previous games.  Survival is better with a variety of maps (sniper 3 only had two as I recall), some having wide open shots others focused more on close quartered stealth."
,Recommended,312660,33318147,Posted: 6 July,all,Skramjet,"This really is just an amazing game. Great graphics, better gameplay. I absolutely love how Sniper Elite 4 is not your typical run and gun shooter where quick reflexes are all that matter, and any 13 year old with a cup of coffee is better than the rest of us. Singeplayer/cooperative game modes require meticulate planning and execution, and a plan is almost always required to beat the singleplayer missions, particularly on difficulties hard and above (on easy and medium sometimes you can just run and gun, but at the same time, that's why it's easy and medium).Overall, I absolutely reccomend this game, and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
,Recommended,312660,33340237,Posted: 7 July,all,Rabid Jawa,Took me 3 hours to finish the first mission on the hardest difficulty with all assists and HUDs turned off and barely any series experience... and it was really fun too. Game ran at consistent 100FPS with everything maxed at 1080p. Looked gorgeous and as smooth as butter.Great value considering that there are other game modes as well. Thumbs up for both value and good gameplay.
76561197997156496,Recommended,312660,33283852,Posted: 5 July,all,Maddis,Having played Sniper Elite V2 so this was good continuum from there. Only downside I have is that single player campaing was kind a short and I played it in few days. That being said I did play quite a much per day since it was so addictive.
,Recommended,312660,33206690,Posted: 3 July,all,[M]ono,Best Sniper Elite game yet. Game engine finally feels like all the rough edges from the last games are fixed. Maps are humongous.
,Recommended,312660,33322954,Posted: 6 July,all,snips2109,"graet game the story is nothing spcecial but the sniping is graet ,the best in series by far ,plus you get to shoot nazi balls"
,Recommended,312660,33311943,Posted: 6 July,all,Danielinnv,"No joke, the first time i shot the sniper rifle was right into a mans testicles. Had no idea how to aim long distance so i just shot and now a man is dead with exploded testis10/10 would fall of a bridge again"
76561197972984618,Recommended,312660,33325280,Posted: 6 July,all,Redax,"One of the best shooter games of the last few years, single player that is. Feels a bit like the old Medal of Honor games. Super addictive and easy to learn. However, the story line is not that long. The game, without dlc, reaches about 20 hours of playtime."
,Recommended,312660,33052480,Posted: 30 June,all,Justacop,"Easy to play and especially fun at the hardest difficulty setting. Possible to play at your own pace and with your own style. The levels are very nice and varied, showing off everything that people love about Italy.I only wish that the characters - and in particular the protagonist - were a bit more relatable."
,Recommended,312660,33365166,Posted: 7 July,all,Gunslinger_thib,"Very good game , lot of actions but you can decide ot go stealth, nice maps (kinda openworld)and the thing is you can play straight forward the primary missions or have more fun with secondaryobjectives and objects to find .Honestly if you would have me told me one day i would buy a game with Sniper in Title , i would said no and wouldhave been wrong :DA bit surpise here when i see i have received that profuct for fre °0i bought the deluxe edition 49 euros !"
,Recommended,312660,33355709,Posted: 7 July,all,Uneditedmoth5,Fun but too short
,Recommended,312660,33351292,Posted: 7 July,all,Nick,"I just played through all 4 Sniper Elite games for the first time, and all of them were basically cheap crap until I got to this one. This one took me completely by surprise. Each game had been making marginal improvements with each iteration, but Sniper Elite 4 takes massive leaps forward with every aspect of the game.Sniper Elite 4 is a 3rd person shooter game that takes place in Italy during WW2. The gameplay heavily features stealth mechanics and I was surprised by how deep these mechanics were. The artificial intelligence, while definitely not the smartest AI I've faced, was a lot of fun to mess with and the ""Last Known Position"" feature worked as expected. I especially liked how if an enemy spotted you, you had a grace period where you could try and kill the enemy before he alerted anyone to your presence. I eventually began taking advantage of this and sprinting directly at enemies for an instant melee kill, which still awarded me ""Ghost Kill"" awards and made it easy to sprint through some of the later stages. The actual sniping is pretty simplistic, with the player capable of lying down several meters from targets and adjusting the distance to allow for easier aiming. The handy ""Assist"" feature made it easy to adjust the aim to pull off perfect headshots everytime, and hardcore players can disable this feature for a more challenging experience.The game actually features a full story with unique characters, dialogue, notes, and various other story related elements. And despite this game having a stronger story than its predecssors, it still comes off as cheap with so little depth I couldn't force myself to sit through the dialogue. Once the story really feels like it's building up in the final act, it suddenly ends and you're left feeling like you were cheated out of a cool experience.The gameplay on the otherhand was surprisingly entertaining. Sniper Elite 4 features much larger missions than past sniper elite games, with several interweaving paths allowing for a unique approach to every objective. Each mission features multiple primary objectives in addition to a few secondary objectives that often involve the player destroying artillery guns or assassinating some officers. The missions are pretty bland from an objective standpoint, but the stealth is no less entertaining because of them. The game has a built in light-detection system that took me a while to understand. On the minimap, a small white circle will appear around your cursor, indicating the distance until enemies will detect you. When standing in a dark corner, this circle will shrink, making it more difficult for enemies to see you from a distance, and hiding in thick bushes will make this circle disappear completely, making for a perfect hiding place.You can also use sounds to alert and distract enemies. You're given access to rocks and a whistle which can be used to pull enemies away from positions and melee them. You also have to keep track of how much sound you make when running or firing your weapons to lower the risk of being detected. You can also time your loud sniper rifle fire with loud sounds in the area like planes flying overhead making actual sniping a feasable option as it won't require you to give up your stealthy approach. New to Sniper Elite 4, you can now equip silent bullets to your sniper rifle too, which are very limited but allow for silent long range kills when there's no other way to mask your sound.In addition to all the new stealth enhancements, the actual movement feels much better than Sniper Elite 1-3 and the player can now more easily climb walls and take down enemies from behind corners or over waist-high obstacles. The movement overall just feels more polished and animations feel a lot better.And then we have the visuals. Sniper Elite 4 is leaps and bounds better looking than all the other Sniper Elite games. I'd argue it looks better than most triple A games too. With DX12 and various other settings running maxed out, I was able to push this game at exceptionally high framerates as high as 165fps which made for a really smooth and beautiful experience. The slow motion bullet camera that this series is known for has been enhanced greatly, and the bullet traveling through enemies skulls looks more visceral than ever, with the skull bone slowly cracking inwards and massive chunks of bone and brain flying out the exit wound. It's incredibly violent and looks phenomenal from a graphical standpoint. Audio effects sound top notch as well, though I did have a few weird audio hiccups when loading a save file and a few other odd german dialogue that appeared to be played through my own character rather than a nearby NPC.Overall, Sniper Elite 4 is an excellent 3rd person stealth action shooter game that excels at giving players plenty of opportunity for creative approaches to multiple objectives in larger maps all in a highly polished and great looking package. The single player is lengthy without overstaying its welcome with plenty of unlockables and the online multiplayer and cooperative play adds even more replay value if you wanted more out of it."
,Recommended,312660,33337160,Posted: 7 July,all,Mens Rea,"*Kill a nazi sitting by the fire, alone**Open nearby letter*""Son, I really miss you, I'm sorry to tell you that your brother is dead but I hope you'll come back alive to me soon. Your father is sick and the horse died, but at least I have you.~ Love, Mother""♥♥♥♥♥♥WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SAD FOR KILLING NAZIS?You play as an asthmatic out of shape sniper with a heart condition who starts wheezing and losing vision if he runs more than 15 feet in an alternate version of Earth where the gravity is ten times the normal gravity which causes high-energy sniper bullets to curve downwards a feet after 50 metres.The colour pallate is amazing where everything is brownish green or yellow. This game is a prime example of how a studio can keep milking a game when it doesn't allow modding, since entire sniper elite games can be made by modders in weeks if they allowed modding. The cutscenes have the production value of cutscenes from 2009.There are no tense high energy moments and I recommend that you play this game with custom settings, with everything ""Authentic"" (Hardcore) with bullet ballistics turned off because I DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BELIEVE A BULLET WILL CURVE THAT MUCH IN HUNDRED METRES. SERIOUS YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S, JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN'T RENDER WORLDS KILOMETRES IN SIZE DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN DOWNSCALE THE BULLET BALLISTICS, THE SNIPER IS SHOOTING BULLETS NOT NERF DARTS.The AI is pretty darn stupid and you can literally have fun with them by exposing yourself, running back around the corner and blasting their♥♥♥♥♥from behind, works everytime.There is literally no change in anything ranging from enemy types, to audio, to walking animations from the past two sniper elite games, the game is literally copy paste. The difficulty is only in overly exagerated bullet ballistics, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, since you ALLOW PEOPLE TO PRESS SPACE SO THAT THEY KNOW WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ING BULLET WILL GO ANYWAY?BUTBUTI recommend this game, it's fun as hell if you roleplay a little. I love the setting. I hate how nobody says thank you, I mean for all the stuff that this guy does for his country he should be the most decorated soldier in the history of mankind. But if you put that all away, there is a lot of fun to be had here. The guns feel satisfying to shoot. The supressed pistols are pretty good. Blowing up soldiers by booby trapping their comrades is amazing.Buy the game, this series deserves more love and even if the whole game could have been made by a modder in a week, this game is still worth playing."
76561198285673063,Recommended,312660,33350397,Posted: 7 July,all,Divinity_State,This game is epic fun with its excellent online co-op campagn and horde mode.Must buy for any sniper elite fans.Best one so far. Lucky i got it on last day of steam sale.
76561198065039439,Recommended,312660,31494877,Posted: 1 May,all,Asian Jake Paul,shot 5 nazis in the♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,312660,31495449,Posted: 1 May,all,Marvin,"How many games let you kill Hitler with a submarine! The Sniper Elite cam never gets boring, watch the blood, bones & teeth  fly, more ways to kill a man than Arnold's Predator.Shoot them, stab them, blow them up - try innovative ways to kill them all.Love it! love it! and yes love it!"
76561197961088909,Recommended,312660,31496416,Posted: 1 May,all,Intrepid,"Great game, this should be called SE4: The Apology. (As SE3 was horrible).  OH, and also, the DLC is HIGHLY overpriced crap.  Don't buy or wait for sale.  ($5 for rifle skins?  ffs)."
,Recommended,312660,31498723,Posted: 1 May,all,ReaperAussie,"Cant say its worth $80au.Not even 2 Days and I finished Campaign on Normal.I like the game but it could of been longer.Will have to try on harder level,"
,Recommended,312660,31508927,Posted: 2 May,all,֍A•n•D•r•E•w֍,Best sniping game in the market right now by all aspects.The only con i found is the buggy directx12 version of the game.Hopes its gets fixed quick.
76561198201803187,Recommended,312660,31499870,Posted: 1 May,all,Do4n,Chinese?
,Recommended,312660,31517874,Posted: 2 May,all,Challenger,"This game is quite fun and is very much like how one would expect the series to be like. If you didn't like the previous ones, I would stay away from this one."
76561198143419608,Recommended,312660,31516837,Posted: 2 May,all,corey_eddy,Pretty sweet graphics enjoying the game play and the chalenge to move through the maps and improve stelth abilities.
76561197999627397,Recommended,312660,31552331,Posted: 4 May,all,Aklarath,"So very fun, The Kill cam is very unique and one of the best things about this game.Those testicale shots though !!!!!"
76561198012332647,Recommended,312660,31552592,Posted: 4 May,all,TheLycoris,"The war comes to southern Italy in this fourth installment of Sniper Elite 4, and with it comes everything previous fans and newcomers love. Stealth mechanics (from sound masking, to sneak takedowns, to distractions, etc), true-to-life bullet physics (for those who play on higher difficulties), beautifully saturated colors, and open-world style mission zones that allow the player to approach enemies from the angle, elevation, and distance of their choosing.In my playtime, I never encountered any noticeable bugs. The game has thus far operated very smoothly. The sound mixing is excellent. The graphics are a step up from the previous game. The only thing that could have used more work was the effort of the voice acting. Cutscene dialogue is abyssmal.If your looking for a game that combines your love of stealth with a World War II backdrop, look no further than Sniper Elite 4."
,Recommended,312660,31713574,Posted: 12 May,all,arcdrag,"Recommended with some caveats.Review is based entirely off the single player campaign.  I haven't played MP yet.- The game's difficulty didn't really scale well.  Not having played any of the previous Sniper games, the first 2 levels seemed kind of hard.  Once I got the hang of my abilities and all the different weapons & traps, the levels quickly became too easy.  For the single player campaign, I might suggest that you consider bumping the difficulty after the 2nd or 3rd stage.- The AI seems smart at first, but it gets really predictable.- The kill cam gets overused.  Each kill seems epic at the beginning of the game.  Then by the 35th time you see the kill cam in the first level it gets old.  It would be better for the kill cam to only trigger on truly epic kills (ie. 250+ yard shots, multikills, etc...)Overall though, the game is great fun and is probably the longest single player campaign I've seen in shooter in a long long time.  Maybe pick it up on sale, but I certainly don't regret paying full price."
76561198050056595,Recommended,312660,31723990,Posted: 13 May,all,Frodo,"missions kinda linear, and massive fps dids wth gts 970 but its dem gud."
76561198290340539,Recommended,312660,31711248,Posted: 12 May,all,MarkosGR,For a game that has 8-7 missions on campaign it's enjoyable
76561198073974067,Recommended,312660,31724189,Posted: 13 May,all,Skipsfjord,"Awsome game, wish you could play 3-4 people on the singleplayer missions"
,Recommended,312660,31728819,Posted: 13 May,all,sturm375,"I really like this game, love the improvements over the previous version (Sniper Elite 3).  I prefer this style of sniping over the twitch gaming style found in the more ""popular"" games."
76561198089136484,Recommended,312660,31730576,Posted: 13 May,all,Salt Powered Robot,"Its a very beautiful game as you murder nazi POW's, but that ending... oh damn that ending is terriblewithout wanting to spoil the ending,a big bad guy points a luger at you, like its some sort of big deal. i've been shot 30 times, taken a tank shell or three, and am holding about 1o different ways i could snap-kill him instantly, and suddenly this tiny♥♥♥♥♥gun is a threat?also most of the weapons are pointless to unlock, they either provide a very slight increase in something like ""reload speed"" or ""clip size"" and has massive deficits on everything else, or are objectivly worst than the starting rifle. the only thing worth unlocking is the trench gun... oh boy is that thing fun...its still very fun and the killcam is as psychoticly brutal as ever. 11/banana."
76561198008894817,Recommended,312660,31732837,Posted: 13 May,all,Why We Can't Have Nice Things,"Easy, but satisfying. The reviewers pointing out how ridiculous the gameplay is, and how stupid the AI is are right, but it's still fun."
76561198059218445,Recommended,312660,31739081,Posted: 13 May,all,Irolden,"By far one of the best games I have ever played. A huge step up from the already excellent Sniper Elite 3. Much bigger maps, secret passages all over, just all around a great game. 10/10"
76561198055652291,Recommended,312660,31734698,Posted: 13 May,all,UK_Widowmaker,"The maps are pretty big, and each mission takes quite a while to complete. It's used stuff from other games (Assasins Creed etc) but done it really well.Probably my favourite Sniper Elite of all"
,Recommended,312660,31698033,Posted: 12 May,all,Krazy,"Nice mechanics, plenty of flexibility to craft your own attack; aggressive or stealthy."
,Recommended,312660,33625875,Posted: 18 July,all,Hikari_NEET,Shooting people in the ball in slow motion and gets achivements and skins for shooting people in the balls/well worth it like any sinper game out thereLove the open world in different maps for different missionsThe sniper shots are amazing also very releastic detail and makes each shoot rewarding
76561198018271173,Recommended,312660,33619453,Posted: 17 July,all,(UA)French Guards,"My first Sniper Elite game was Sniper Elite 2. This game franchise has gotten better with time. I was initially bored in the beginning missions. The maps were so huge and they took a long time to complete. But as I played the game, the missions got better. While the story was basic, it did its job. The game has improved its x-ray kill cam feature. It now shows x-ray kill cams for mines and melee. This is a nice feature. If you enjoyed the previous Sniper Elites then you will enjoy this game. After beating the main story, I wanted more and decided to try the DLC. Both missions were enjoyable and very challenging. I would rate this game an 8.8 out of 10. It is not the best game of the year but was quite fun and replayable."
,Recommended,312660,33630906,Posted: 18 July,all,Poelar.Bear,"crotch shot, testicle shot and Xray for every organ you want to explode by bullet.what more do you want?"
76561198030633256,Recommended,312660,32103833,Posted: 1 June,all,Silicon Asperge,"One thing i think that could have made this game 'great' is if they thought on more advanced / more options on climbing : ropes, roofs, rocks, trees, whatever. the use of physics / houses, elements is very limited which is really a shame. a mix between uncharted 4 and sniper 4 would have made this game top level. right now it's a good game, fun to playu at different level, but the story mode is kind of very linear, if you go stealth mode or not doesnt really matter if you're a good shooter, you just kill them all, clean the area and go the next one."
76561197972773407,Recommended,312660,32297203,Posted: 9 June,all,Bee Tee,Much of the same with a great story and beautiful graphics.If you enjoyed the prequels you will love it.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,312660,32363404,Posted: 12 June,all,-=r06=-,"Great game, a vast improvement over Sniper elite 3, just a shame that the DLC (which i do not own) seems overpriced and interupts gameplay... you can see all the weapons that you can't have. feels like you have bought the 'Lite' version of the game.very open world, you have many paths to retreat from, melee combat is fun, much better than SE3. always enjoy setting traps that you can goad enemies through then hid around corners to kill of the stragglers.4/5 - would get 5/5 if the DLC content was included with the game. (or at least the accessory DLC content)"
76561198090381082,Recommended,312660,32233995,Posted: 7 June,all,cadetklaaz,I love this game. Frankly it's some damn good stress relief. Coupled with the great gameplay and interesting story it's a good buy. My only complaint is that we still don't have a B.A.R. for goodness sakes guys! I want me my B.A.R. please?
76561197973762247,Recommended,312660,32399113,Posted: 13 June,all,2jtaylors,Great game !
76561198017701618,Recommended,312660,32373704,Posted: 12 June,all,Boostman,As a long time fan of the franchise i'm confident in saying this is wonderful game thats nothing but pure fun when playing with a useless co-op partner who you constantly need to save
76561198142962972,Recommended,312660,32419842,Posted: 14 June,all,aaron0103,"This is a fantastic game, the levels are are huge and it can take 2 hours or more to complete just one level. I've completed the game a few times and I'm now playing through on increasing difficulty.Each time Rebellion release a new Sniper Elite they seem to pull off the impossible by improving on perfect."
,Recommended,312660,32153635,Posted: 3 June,all,Dracobite,"Really amzing game, it's super fun to play10/10"
,Recommended,312660,31956849,Posted: 25 May,all,ﮐĬĻĒŇŦ PĒŘﮐŌŇ,"Fantasic game, i get lost in Hrs of game play with this game, love it :)"
76561198315666890,Recommended,312660,31955749,Posted: 25 May,all,Faith,Great Game  you know what i  like about this game ? Loyalty of what they give the fans ... they dont make gameplay and trailers seperate they show us the game play and yet they give us even more dlc . I highly recommand this game to be played with a friend . I really had good times playing this game . i dont say it's a game you're gonna play 24/7 no but it's a game that you play and have fun as long as it is expected ! no lies . The story wasnt that strong  but it doesnt matter as long as the gameplay and co op atmosphere covers that up .
76561198009786305,Recommended,312660,31975375,Posted: 26 May,all,44Para,"I bought the Deluxe Steam Digital Edition. It was not cheap by any means. Is it worth it? Well I'm actually not sure yet. It is way better than Sniper Elite 3, thats for sure. A lot more gameplay for your money. Still going to try co-op and other online gameplay. I am somewhat disapointed with the graphics. I was certainly hoping for more. Im running at 2560 x 1080 and its good, but not mind blowingly good (Personal opinion). I would suggest buying the Standard edition, playing for a while, and if your enjoy the game, then upgrade to Deluxe/Season Pass."
,Recommended,312660,32114574,Posted: 1 June,all,TheDerpening,X-Ray scenes are cool
,Recommended,312660,32083794,Posted: 31 May,all,Tombstone,IDK what to say cause this game is 2 fun
76561198094805548,Recommended,312660,32140285,Posted: 2 June,all,nightdweller,"Loved Sniper Elite 3, Loved 4.Gameplay is similiar to 3, graphics are great.Environemnts are interesting, the game gives you various tactics to complete each stage, the combat/sniping/shooting system is excellent, enemy AI is pretty good and pretty challanging."
,Recommended,312660,31009975,Posted: 7 April,all,blondvillain,"Steam Controller integration is the most well executed I've yet encountered. Operates by allowing you to assign one or more in-game functions, broken down contextually, to any button on the controller. GUI prompts change based on your assignments. I don't know if any other games have already implemented this functionality, but this is my first time seeing it, and it is a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,312660,29979412,Posted: 17 February,all,Shadow Team,"i give this game a positive.after buying this game i started playing campaign with my old friend, very fun.long range shot for a close-up sequence is very cool and i think this is the best feature in this game."
76561198120260232,Recommended,312660,29983214,Posted: 17 February,all,[LOoL]bigoaff,"Dude this game is epic.  The xray is extremely addictive, expecially testie shots.  The maps are huge and there are a ton of ways you can go around and do all the objectives.  The only thing I have not tried yet is the coop."
76561197970357229,Recommended,312660,29985555,Posted: 17 February,all,Serrasalmus,"I loved the first game....there was something missing...I think it was the robotic nature of the enemies and how predictable they were.This game has all the same great systems...but the AI is much better and less predictable.The maps are much bigger....you can spend hours on one mission if you dont rush and enjoy the strategy rather than running in like Rambo. If you are Rambo - maybe not the game for you....Great Mechanics, Great Maps.....have not played long so far, but already seeing that its better than the already great Sniper Elite 3My one ""gripe"" is the searching, you have to mess about with positioning sometimes...especially when you have stacked bodies....All in all a great game. I still grimmace at £40 for a digital download, but this is certainly better spent than some ""5 Star"" titles.....If your tempted....you may as well...you know you want to..."
,Recommended,312660,30022820,Posted: 18 February,all,The Balaclava Bandit,"A game for people who love the stealth mechanics of MGSV and love sniping, it's both a stealth action game, and a realistic WW2 sniping game rolled into one."
,Recommended,312660,30017776,Posted: 18 February,all,Phakt,"The game is beautiful and if you love stealth games, this is your baby. It lives up to its predecessors and is very much like Sniper Elite 3. If you are not playing on at least Sniper Elite difficulty (Hard), you will get bored.The only thing I don't like so far is the AI. There should be a mode in which, if you are sighted or a body is discovered, all hell breaks loose.  I mean come on, if you were in an area where an enemy combatant is loose, are you going to go back to just chillin after a few minutes of not finding him?  Oh, my bro just got his brains splattered all over the wall. Meh, at least it wasn't me.. Back to leaning up against the wall beside his brains."
,Recommended,312660,30024862,Posted: 18 February,all,Kennix_,"Crash Elite 4.CONS:- I have both Nvidia and AMD gpu's in two different systems, all drivers updated, and don't run any special graphics profiles. This game crashes on me once every 0-3 hours due to DX11 issues, even in the main menu before launching a mission. This game should have been polished before released.- Shooting a nazi in a clear kill zone (red recticle) sometimes ends up in disappointment as it was ""deflected"" by their weapon that was nowhere near where you shot them.That being said:PROS:- This game keeps the previous spirit of the Sniper Elite franchise alive.- Killcam gets a bit repetitive for me but they have an option to only show quick killcams which still lets me see where my bullets hit but not having to watch a movie every time i shoot a dirty nazi.- Difficulty levels have a fair curve to them.- Load times are astounding for how great this game looks and you don't need a great gaming rig to run it fine.- Completing challenges for weapons (i.e. to unlock upgrades and skins) is just challenging enough to make you care about doing them but not too long to where it seems like a chore.- Firing range is a neat touch, gives ya a feel for the weapon if you want to turn all shooting assists off. It has a range for your rifle, smg, and pistol.- Has a few good Co-op options such as campaign missions, survival (enemy waves), and sniper/spotter style missions.All in all i would recommend this game. it has a few issues but im sure they will be patched out shortly. Plenty of difficulty levels, including an option to adjust the difficulty to a custom level of your liking. For example, keep the enemy stupid but turn all shooting assists off to help you learn to play the hardest setting without dying left and right. No need to buy the Season Pass yet, unless you want to play the Hitler mission and have camo snipers. Other than that you cant use the locked weapons just yet."
,Recommended,312660,29974348,Posted: 16 February,all,cjHutch,- good game overall- system requirements are kinda off. reccomends rx480 while my rx470/6600k gets 30 fps on high. didnt bother on very high settings- smgs are really bad- sprinting gives weird camera- very challenging on highest 2 difficulties (which is good)8/10
,Recommended,312660,29977402,Posted: 16 February,all,Mr. Glass,"My first Sniper Elite game. So far its awesome. The level design is top notch and expansive, the guns feel great, and the third person character movement is smooth. Also the killcams never get old."
,Recommended,312660,29953048,Posted: 15 February,all,pressurized meme,"a great step up from the last sniper elite. a lot of issues were fixed. here's a pros and conspros:-a lot more guns (that aren't all DLCs COUGH COUGH sniper elite 3)-ai doesn't have down sydrome anymore (it can still be out smarted easily)-infinite tagging-more items and traps-lots of new killing game mechanics-testicle kill cam-arguably easier to kill tanks in more creative ways now-most hitboxes fixedcons:-lags a lot more. had to turn down graphics really low, unlike SE3 where i kept graphics pretty high-weapons stats' aren't of much a variety tbh-still some of the general SE bullcrap factor"
,Recommended,312660,29953498,Posted: 15 February,all,F1ddy,Very fun and a beautiful game!
,Recommended,312660,29970095,Posted: 16 February,all,FPrime,"If you're a fan of Sniper Elite V2, you will love this game. SE3 was terrible. The maps in SE3 felt extremely confined and there were no long distance options like there were in SEV2. SE4 brings all that back and in better fashion."
,Recommended,312660,29967095,Posted: 16 February,all,Puppy,"From what I can tell this game is really freaking good so far from what I played. I played all the Sniper Elites and this I have to say is the best one. The environment is very big with every mission you go on, lots to do on every mission as well. The enemy AI has clearly been upgraded to a next gen experience, and the game is very stealth based if you play on harder difficulty. The story is alright it continues on from SE3 which also had an alright story but nothing to write home about. The voice acting was not very impressive for my taste, you have games such as RE7 that has very good voice acting for this year. The graphics are very well done and clean, you don't see any blurry graphics some AAA games had last year. The optimization is really well done. Besides the stuttering and stalls with the AMD CPU's but that can be fixed easily. This game is not a copy and paste at all there are very many things to say are better and improved than any other Sniper Elite out there. This game is worth the full $60.00 price tag it owns and I recommend you buy it if you liked the Sniper Elite series."
,Recommended,312660,29967248,Posted: 16 February,all,El Ducko,"This is my first experience of a sniper elite game so I don't know how much different it is from previous versions. But this game turned me from an agressive Battlefield player into a patient and much more methodical player. This game is fun, intense, and challenging on the harder difficulties. I'm about half way through the campaign, so it's about 20 hours or so. My only complaint is that more people need to play multiplayer!"
76561197960531816,Recommended,312660,30007661,Posted: 18 February,all,Rico,"Great followup to Sniper Elite 3. Small improvements and just even more fun. The missions and maps are a lot larger than, way more enemies and lots of ways to approach and deal with the objectives. There are 8 missions, and depending on how stealthy you like to play,  a mission can take 3-4 hours easily to complete. The game feels very rewarding to play. If you liked Sniper Elite 3 you will love this one."
,Recommended,312660,30018480,Posted: 18 February,all,lawnservice,"First level impressionsNays:The game seems to be quite easy, even on hard difficulty. I could stay in the second tower of the first level and take out ~30 or more guys, they wont even bother to try and search for me.The A.I provides zero challenge, very easy to take down. If you aggro them, they just go into cover, eventually forgetting about you. I don't think i've seen a push to take me out yet.You can tag enemies by using binoculars, but this allows for you to see their exact whereabouts (even through walls). This is very hand-holdy, and breaks the immersion.----Yays:Controls are great w/ keyboard and mouse.Large maps, doesn't feel like a corridor shooter.Killcam is still fun after a few hours.---In short,Sniper Elite 4 hasn't done anything innovative, but it's still a fun game to play, and I will definitely play it for a long time. Sniper Elite V2 seemed more challenging, but it most likely had something to do with the linear style of gameplay, without the need for more advanced enemy A.I."
,Recommended,312660,30002409,Posted: 17 February,all,Gwynbleidd,"Runs well, no random crashes as of yet, and there are plenty of challenges to keep you busy for quite some time."
76561197995155269,Recommended,312660,29984156,Posted: 17 February,all,3DDD,"I love the Sniper Elite Series but 4 left me down a bit, besides throwing a few hand to hand tricks in the mix and being able to climb stuff its kinda a let down after after pre purchasing it when they first offered it and waiting for something the programer community would have done andwould have done a better job. Their will not be a prepurchase of a 5 and I will wait until it goes on sale for 70% off even then.I own every version and all the dlc packs but this one just is a let down. I can only hope for some developer to work on a Pacific version and make it the final nail in Hitler.I will recommend this game for a person that has never played any of the others in this line but hard core Elite Fans need to wait until its $9.95"
76561198043840880,Recommended,312660,29994903,Posted: 17 February,all,Bipolar Fish,"Not a sniper elite veteran or anything, I played some of the first zombies SE and I like it quite a bit.If you're looking for a solid game about shooting people in the face, liver, heart, or testicles repeatedly, this is for you.It's actually pretty cool, they just drop you on a level and let you do whatever the hell you want. You can snipe people or stab them or snipe them and then stab them. You can also put down traps and mines and♥♥♥♥♥♥which is pretty fun. Ultimately it's just a well made, straightforward game.Some people are saying the graphics are subpar, I'm not really sure what they're talking about. This game doesn't look like Battlefield 1, but it looks fine and the style is somewhat unique. Also this game isn't for totally braindead individuals like BF1 is. Had to slide that slight in somehow."
76561198032391853,Recommended,312660,29996277,Posted: 17 February,all,Haversack,"The waite was well worth it,  Sniper E 4 is a great running game,  I went completely through it at (easy) to learn how it works.  Now for the changlen up the antie. They did a bang up job putting this together, the graficts  are great, beautiful, but deadly."
76561197975490788,Recommended,312660,31577802,Posted: 6 May,all,Krantenknipsel,"This game is a hidden gem, this is by far the most convincing stealth game I have ever played and it is great looking too.Unlike many other games I never felt this game was unfair, if the enemy found me it was always fair and square you just have to be really careful.You see the AI behaves very human like: they do not instantly spot you like all the other games do, also they dont always have fixed patrol routes. You have to anticipate, I had numerous times where a carefully laid out plan got screwed up because of an enemy showing up somewhere unexpected.You can customize your experience by tweaking the many custom difficulty settings according to your own taste.For example I like the game to be convincing (hard) but I didnt like having to shoot them multiple times in their face to kill them (easy). So I just configured it exactly the way I wanted.I also disabled the x-ray kill cam, it is too gruesome for meI never used enemy tagging (it makes you see enemies through walls), it makes the game too easy. Unfortunately you cannot disable it and this will happen automatically when searching officers (duty roster).The only thing I would like to see more is emotion in the AI they dont seem to be too impressed when they are hiding from you not knowing where you are while you are gazing upon them picking your next victim"
,Recommended,312660,31616598,Posted: 7 May,all,⊚,"Great story the ending was the best. too bad it was kind of short but the maps are well big and and a lot to find.  I recommend this game solo or coop if you have friends that enjoy a good story missions. My favourate part in this game is the actual stealth you can do/accomplish. The sounds make the game, while the story keeps you gripped in an open world perspective game. They did a good job of mixing both open world gameplay, large map and main/side missions. Tho I found some of the gun cut scenes a bit repetative, I enjoyed the mines and meele cut scenes. Some of the bullet time is brutal gore too. Find it hard to dish out more money on the DLC but maybe if it goes on sale it will be well worth the buy. Beat the game on hard, and now trying the authentic diffuclty which seems impossible at times."
,Recommended,312660,31629596,Posted: 8 May,all,luisrodriguez.7,"awesome game, really loved it"
76561198137666782,Recommended,312660,31596139,Posted: 6 May,all,Kruser64,"Fantastic! I liked SE2/3, and this one is even better."
76561198160642100,Recommended,312660,31535323,Posted: 3 May,all,WarEagle5500,"Awesome Sniping game! The best I've seen, but they should be more honest about being open world in the tags though. It is tagged as open world and to be honest, I was quite disappointed to find that it's not entirely open world. Also, I raged sometimes, but I have to learn, patience is everything, like literally. Being impaitent is terrible, you do not want to be that guy who's impatient. There's only seven levels, but in sacrifice, they're long and fun. However, if they had 20 instead of seven, that's would be awesome, or actually being honest with the tags. Other than that, it's an awesome game and it's my favorite sniping game!"
76561198032016934,Recommended,312660,31543745,Posted: 4 May,all,Jonny,Great game. but I still prefer the 2nd tho.
76561198024874460,Recommended,312660,31532287,Posted: 3 May,all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Best Sniper game on steam as of 2017 - recommended.It's a HUGE improvement on the last installment. A polished, fun experience.Get it on a sale if you can."
76561198300849470,Recommended,312660,31497112,Posted: 1 May,all,Hentai clickbait GOD,I am rewriting the review seems like i had to clear up some space weired how game dowload works. so basically i can't play game unless i have the dlc downloaded. otherwise a good game.
76561198023398712,Recommended,312660,31534510,Posted: 3 May,all,rooknz,Great game  awsome graphicsAll the  players who moan about  dumb AI's  have  they tried going into edit custom settingswhere you can change Ai settings  tactical settings  wepon settings  makes the game alot more challenging and fun
76561198183810505,Recommended,312660,31556200,Posted: 5 May,all,MrPerson123,11/10 Great Game ! ! ! !
76561198171864374,Recommended,312660,31542370,Posted: 4 May,all,klaas-jankranenburg,"Observing 2 german soldiers through binoculars:- soldier 1: regularly goes petting the nearby horses- soldier 2: writes poems in his spare timesoldier 1: ""hey, i got a letter from my wife! it's a boy!""soldier 2: ""congrats! what are you going to name him?""conversation goes on.- inner voice:aw, this is so cute. they are humans too, let them live!...............proceeds to take out both men with 1 trip mine....huehuehuehue"
,Recommended,312660,31648079,Posted: 9 May,all,742799201,kill hitler versin 4
,Recommended,312660,31633094,Posted: 8 May,all,cseepe,"Great game, great graphics, intelligent story line and well-researched to superimpose fictional accounts with actual Nazi secret/super weapons under development at the time.HOWEVER, relatively short gameplay compared to other first person RPG shooters. it appears the developers wanted to extract more monry out of players by selling DLCs, which rightly shold have been part of the base game.that cheap short-sighted marketing tactic aside, the game is fun, looks great, engaging and replayable multiple times."
76561198035856287,Recommended,312660,31640286,Posted: 8 May,all,zig-zagblue,"This was the first game from this series i have played. I had alot of fun, well worth the money I spent."
76561198010366377,Recommended,312660,30111967,Posted: 22 February,all,Maverati,better than sniper ghost warrior series
,Recommended,312660,30118480,Posted: 23 February,all,Shacklz,"TL;DR: A solid entry to an overall solid franchise. The recipe that worked already in SE3 is still working in SE4 - nothing extraordinary was added or changed. Worth the full price in my oppinion if you enjoy these kind of games.=====A very solid entry to an overall solid franchise in my oppinion. If you liked SE3, you most likely will like this game too - it's basically an upgrade in graphics and a couple of changes in mechanics here and there, but nothing extraordinary.That might be also one of the downsizes of this game, if not the entire franchise: It lacks a bit the ""special something"". Sure, sniping is fun, the combat mechanics have reached a state where it feels fluent, but that was already the case for its predecessor SE3. The storyline, if it deserves this name, is still sort of nonexistent apart from the ""good guy snipes bad guys"", and even though there are a few neat details (every enemy unit has a name and a one-liner of information to it, sometimes funny), the game still feels rather lackluster in that department.If this doesn't bother you, the game offers plenty of stuff to do though: A variety of side-objectives, challenges, collectibles, and rather huge maps that allow you to reach the goals in your own creative ways. Definitly not a one-dimensional linear experience as so many other similar games."
,Recommended,312660,30118849,Posted: 23 February,all,invictumhr,"great game, great graphic... on max details on my gtx1060 it has better FPS (60 FPS constantly) than SE3 (it has around 40)"
,Recommended,312660,30122155,Posted: 23 February,all,.jH,"How do I even begin to review this masterpiece. Best sniper game on the market for sure and especially best sniper game that takes place in the World War II era. I had really high expectations regarding this game and they broke every single one of them, whatever went wrong in Sniper Elite III like the AI for example has been fixed in SE4. I also like how Stealth is less nuanced and you can go full rambo if you so choose. I really like the overhaul to the CQB takedowns you can pull off and the revamped kill cam is just hilarious to see sometimes. I also love the new added element of environmental kills and added killcams for those kills. Gives the game a whole new dynamic to me.The best thing about this game are the realistic mechanics a real life sniper would come in contact with. Unless you play on Cadet difficulty you can't just point your crosshair at someone's head and expect a instant headshot on him. You really have to take the distance of the shot and the wind in consideration and account for the bullet drop, which is even worse on silenced ammo, and adjust your aim accordingly.And yes there is the new Kill Hitler DLC, but I honestly don't mind this is the third time they made it. Honestly I can't think of anything more fun to kill Hitler by sniping his jewels.This is a great game, and I've waited a long time for it. For me personally hands down the best game I bought this year. 10/10."
76561198051071207,Recommended,312660,30124767,Posted: 23 February,all,Qeynein,"A bit pricey for the available content.  I'd say wait until they bundle it with expansion packs.  While fun, it is equally frustrating in spots; a bit thin for the price.It is probably the single most beautiful gaming environment I've played in yet as the graphics are a part of the game they really did get right.  Scenery, set dressing, and lighting are all highly detailed and for about $15 I would have probably downloaded it to walk around the beautiful Italian countryside.  That said, there are many, many shortcomings for a game that costs four times that and I think Rebellion owes us more for our money.The user interface (UI) is clunky at best, and at times worthy of a merciful shot to the head as needing to duck for cover or stealth often gets you killed as the game often, and at the worst moments, does not respond to input.  Also the ability to move ‘freely’, including fine adjustments for direction, and the speed at which this highly trained covert operative gets sprinting, are nearly deal-breaking as the lack of character control renders SE4 more of a ‘role-play’ rather than ‘action’ game.Also off-target for this tale, our storied and highly effective covert operative can't seem to run 50 meters without being out of breath and needing rest to slow his heart rate.  He can, however, climb a chain and traverse via hand-hold up a cliff face with no discernible effort at all.  The operators who do this kind of work could run for an hour if their life depended on it (because it often does).  While there is a skill tree to improve heart rate increase and recovery rate, it is only one step and barely an improvement.  The skill tree itself has 6 steps with 2 choices per step and the ‘skills’ offered are disappointing and don’t improve the character’s capability much at all.Definitely not a sandbox style game for PC as you can only climb on top of things that they want you to climb on, where one drain pipe can be scaled to a pre-planned sniping position and the next identical drain pipe cannot.  Also the number of tactically superior approaches that are denied by obstacles or an inability of the character to climb over a fence or small incline far outweigh those permitted in-game, which I found nothing short of maddening when the object of an action shooter is ‘tactical advantage’.  The path you follow to complete missions, while circular and able to be accomplished in any order, is still very programmed and frustratingly scripted.Instead of a sandbox here in 2017, we deal with developers limiting your play to a predefined destination despite more than one path to get there.  So much detail has been given to set-dressing the environment, why not just finish the job and make the environment more interactive?  Many, many doors on and in the buildings don't open, or there's no prompt to tell you how they would open (because alas, they don't open), which is true for 95% of the doors in the artwork.  More than once you assist the Italian Resistance, ‘Partisans’, and when you pass them in the environment, these NPC’s literally have nothing to say to you and have no dialogue at all when engaged.The Practice Range offers little guidance and leaving the area involves choosing 'quit game' to get back to the main menu.  How about a 'main menu' label to take us back to the main menu?  I spent 15 frustrating minutes trying to figure out where the exit was to the range.  When you release a game in English, it might be worth hiring someone who actually speaks the language.  I estimate that would ‘come in very useful’ as our hero says repeatedly.   Attempts at cultural puns and expressions are often painfully off-target.  Several other instances in game involving voice-overs and UI labels also hints that this team doesn't speak the language in which I played the game and hiring someone who does didn't make their priority list.I went into the practice range first to learn the control system, and found that tutorial in that area was non-existent.  If San Celini is the 'training run', there shouldn't be other options before you've trained on the interface.  Training should be a separate and selectable option, a choice which appeared on the SECOND campaign, but not the first.  An M-press for map view in the practice range did nothing; where to find more ammo, where I could earn currency, where my support comes from; were all questions with no concrete answers.  I could only infer information gleaned from interacting with the three gunsmiths and viewing their offerings… which left me with more questions.Attempts at Alt-tabbing to multi-task produced game-hanging problems involving restarts and windows task manager, which, to avoid reliving more blood-pressure-raising angst, I won’t recount here.  Running the game in a window seems to react better to multi-tasking, but I'm running in a window which destroys the immersive experience.  Switching between windowed and full screen requires a game restart from the load screen.  From the first update notes, it seems they’ve attempted to address this issue.Missions are detailed and make good story sense with good NPC AI resistance and interesting side missions.  There simply are not enough of them in my opinion considering the price I paid for the game.  Frequent saves and checkpoints that are only moments back from where you failed are handy while you learn the game, but a better training program on the interface would have eliminated some frustration as the price paid for learning the skills to run the character was having my guts splattered all over a virtual Italy.  Being better trained and prepared prior would have been more ‘fun’.I played through every mission with the rifle, machine gun, and single shot suppressed pistol issued at the start of the game.  I earned over 20 credits of some type of currency on the first run (another system they need to put more thought into) and never found anything worth spending it on except the 45 cal. 1911 pistol.  I quickly became very fond of the 1911 for close range head shots.  There's a system of achievement that allows for upgrades to current equipment as well as swaps for new ones, though the layout of the menus foster confusion and descriptions provided are sparse subverting a clear path to more powerful weaponry.The targeting system is excellent, easily the most enjoyable point of the game, and I picked up on it pretty quickly after 20 min on the practice range with the three weapons.  The CQC system (close quarters combat), however, is more than a little contrived with extremely little player input: 'hit the E key and watch the cut scenes we've programmed'.  Disappointing considering the trouble they went through working the physics of ballistics into each round down range and how often a takedown can maintain your stealth.For all its shortcomings, the game’s graphics look and play great and I had headed back into the game to finish the first few missions.  After less than 48 hours after I downloaded the game, I had finished all the missions on normal skill level.  I certainly hoped for more from the single player experience for sixty dollars.  That said, my third trip through the missions had me solving the missions a different way each time, so there’s much potential for replay, hence expansion, and therefore more revenue for Rebellion.  The goals, however, were all the same and the experience didn’t change as much as I hoped it would.Sniper Elite 4 is an overall disappointing effort with Rebellion asking top dollar for what I consider a low-budget effort in 2017, despite the stunningly beautiful graphics and detailed physics of the ballistics.  I’d say SE4 is worth less than half of what they're asking as the experience only amounted to 24 hours of single player game-play, and I took my time and wasted every Nazi I could find which numbered in the multiple thousands.  Rebellion left much undone..."
76561198149405544,Recommended,312660,30046085,Posted: 19 February,all,Fazzle,Love the game but noticed some slow down on a lower grade PC. Slowdown mostly happend in thick foliage.
,Recommended,312660,30110103,Posted: 22 February,all,Zandor,A blast to play
76561198019073073,Recommended,312660,30092090,Posted: 21 February,all,GotMyAssKicked!,"Can only give this game a lukewarm rating. Problems I see:-In MP, maps are too big, games are too small, making for a very tedious (no fun) experience.-Connection issues resulting from peer to peer connectivity, lags on and off.-Graphics only mildly improved or the same as previous game.-Gameplay appears to be exactly the same as last game.Unless a big sniper fan, I would avoid it. Even if a big fan, better experiences await in games like Battlefield. Don't waste money otherwise unless there is a sale on this game, not worth $60 in my opinion."
76561197969740203,Recommended,312660,30092778,Posted: 21 February,all,"Rush` ""Mel Gibson's Rage""","I like the game, the slo-mow x-ray kills, never get old to me. You can turn them off if that isnt your thing. For a new launch it has been smooth Ive had no issues with polaying the game. Nice graphics, runs smooth. Surprisingly good, worth a shot"
,Recommended,312660,30113822,Posted: 22 February,all,=TKZ= Sgt. Rock,"Great graphics and outstanding continuation of the seires.  Multiplayer has some issues - looking forwared to the patches that will take care of it.Lots of fun, good graphics and great sniper gameplay.  Must have!"
,Recommended,312660,30114636,Posted: 23 February,all,Dabs,"Great game, huge maps, lotsa fun."
76561197994794960,Recommended,312660,30108741,Posted: 22 February,all,Got2BeGaming,Great Game prob. best $60 I have spent on a fps in a long time...9/10 for sure!!!
76561197966403923,Recommended,312660,30093064,Posted: 21 February,all,RDC Spook,"I could not get Sniper Elite 3 to work, it always crashed. (Could only play for about 10 min each time).So it was a big risk for me to buy this game for fear of that happening again. Now 21 hours into this game, I love it! Great game, tons of fun. Not one crash. Paid the full price; worth every penny."
76561198061025330,Recommended,312660,30101254,Posted: 22 February,all,Quel'das,"A game I will be playing for a long time, just started and already loving it. (Advice) Try this game on the hardest setting and try to sneak by most the enemies, just focus on your main target(s). Your own heart will be racing in the hopes that you won't get caught."
76561197981462909,Recommended,312660,30099076,Posted: 22 February,all,mike 006,"JUST FINISHED FIRST EXPORATORY GO ON CAMPAIGNE,AND YES OVERALL ENJOYEDTHE GAME AS ALLWAYS,LOTS OF NICE NEW TOUCHES,DEFINATELY BIGGER,BUT I FEAR ITS GOING DOWN THE MULTI PLAYER ROUTE TO RUIN"
76561197971115584,Recommended,312660,30086258,Posted: 21 February,all,Andros,"Excellent game. Huge maps, countless ways to complete objectives, solid multiplayer / co-op performance.Vastly superior to previous games in the series in my opinion, totally worth buying!"
76561198132595222,Recommended,312660,30079025,Posted: 21 February,all,Lipntooth,"If you played 3 its more of the same, Great little sniper game,Not much of a story to it,But the mechanics are sound and the gameplay is satisfying as hell!. I have 11 hrs of game time and Im about half way threw the second campagn. Lots of fun side missions and collectables. Id recomend playing on second from highest difficulty at least because the game removes the sniping mechanics on the lower difficulties. Worth the buy for fans of the sniper genre."
76561198001710352,Recommended,312660,30079055,Posted: 21 February,all,Kenshinzx,"good game if you liked all the other ones, has issues running with AMD processors"
,Recommended,312660,30079107,Posted: 21 February,all,ozzykeys,"Not bad, GREAT GAMEEEEEE !!!!very recommended :D"
76561197994862758,Recommended,312660,30080652,Posted: 21 February,all,sergiokrilin,"great game, if you like all the other snipers, you will, for shore, like this one also ;)"
,Recommended,312660,30067899,Posted: 20 February,all,Talamander,First impressions are really really good.+Beautiful Italian Landscape+Better animations than 3+More killcams+Runs great!
,Recommended,312660,30068420,Posted: 20 February,all,Travis,"Take Metal Gear Solid & the Hitman series out for clams, book them a romantic room in 1940s fascist Italy and in 9 months toss a Lee–Enfield in that infants hands & you have Sniper Elite 4.Play this game on authentic difficulty, any less is doing a disservice to this title. It will be difficult, it will be a trudge, but hell is it a good time. That little infant with the Lee-Enfield can't even pull off a 200m shot in modest wind, but a few hours in you'll be showering Italy with nazi brains, tossing booby-trapped corpses off cliffs onto their former comrades, & launching officers out of 4-story windows with TNT.It's possible to get away with a massive amount of cheesing on lower difficulties, & even a bit on higher difficulty settings but this was always a temporary solution. You're playing the game wrong if you're just cheesing through it on lower difficulties. On higher settings I can get away with coming out of cover & taking a few cheap shots but if you don't relocate very quickly you'll inevitably be surrounded on higher difficulties.If you're a fan of the Sniper Elite titles this is an absolute must buy. If you are a fan of stealth games, it's very worth looking into. If you're not into stealth games & this looks like a title you could play through ""run & gun"" style, in my opinion, it is not, at least not in any truely entertaining manor."
76561197994774294,Recommended,312660,30072455,Posted: 20 February,all,bigdaddy1266,"Some reviews I read made me think twice but I just couldn't wait for this to go on sale.  If you played the previous Sniper Elite games and liked them then you will like this one.  Maps are bigger and you can wonder and make your own path.  If you want to take the extra time to hit all the objectives then the game will just be that much longer for you.  You want to just go for the main objectives and move on, you can do that too.  I've put in 9 hours so far and I'm working my way through the 3rd mission. I did miss a couple side quests in the first two missions otherwise I would have more time invested.  But I'm not a run and gun person, I prefer to be tactful.  I have yet to die or be killed and no I'm not playing on the easy level.  I've not come across any bugs or issues, seems pretty solid to me. I'm running an i7 4GHZ, 16G RAM, and a GTX870.  Is it worth $60?  I guess that's up to you, but it seems like more and more of the ""big"" new releases are starting at this price point so what can you do.  I say go for it and have fun."
76561198208940077,Recommended,312660,30072504,Posted: 20 February,all,MiST,The game is amazing. What's not fun about being a commando and shooting nazis in the manhood?
76561198013907351,Recommended,312660,30072685,Posted: 20 February,all,mdiesel95,"I have a 21x9 monitor and this game does work perfectly in ultrawide, Hud and all. Secondly this game is very very fun, it makes me show my smile bones!"
,Recommended,312660,29929753,Posted: 14 February,all,xd,holy hell this is fun
,Recommended,312660,29979420,Posted: 17 February,all,™GoodGirl™Fuck NFL,Great game
76561198132736420,Recommended,312660,29945779,Posted: 15 February,all,Nishimiya,game takes too long to finish. that's a positive thing!you get the chills when getting caught and graphics looks amazing! 8/10
,Recommended,312660,33189884,Posted: 3 July,all,Elias Belrhiti,"This is a great game, even though I getminor lag, it is still one of the best games i bought in Steam."
,Recommended,312660,33188264,Posted: 3 July,all,strandedsnake,"you can hit a enemy with a rock and he'll freak out thinking he was shot at.10/10in all seriousness this is by far the best sniper elite, it has the biggest maps, and many objectives, from primary to secondary, and recently due to a update you can play the entire campaign as someone different, well once you beat the entire campaign once, you can change your character model[not voice sadly, it can be akward for people playing as female characters].i also think it has the best DLC choices seeing how in sniper elite 3 the DLC characters could NOT be used in the campaign like now,"
,Recommended,312660,33195533,Posted: 3 July,all,Shuffy SK#29,This is by the best sniper game i have played .. the gameplay never gets boring for me .. graphics are beautiful especially pumped up to dx12 .. so much gameplay too it never seems to end and its that good i would do it all again ...multiplayer is well organised and some good mature players online .. would recommend this to anyone looking for a single player sniper game or a multi its by far the best out there !got this on steam sale bargain ! worth every penny
,Not Recommended,312660,33120444,Posted: 2 July,all,Orcinus,"So I've bought the game based on great reviews... and it was a mistake. Refund was rejected so I'm stuck with it, but anyway.It's a game that could benefit from a much better AI to make it much harder, because even at its highest setting it's way too easy. Difficulty not being a game breaking factor, you can get over it, but the stupidity of AI is making the game so shallow; actually, enemiers are just a little more than stationary targets at a range.After the first campaign mission, which simply took too long, I hoped for something more deep. But, aside from the scenery and too short 2nd mission, I find no difference. I find no substance.For example? What use are descriptions of enemy soldiers for? I hoped it will have a purpose, but aside from being a text attached to your target, it has zero impact to zero elements of the game. Your enemies are your targets and that's it.Their reactions and danger you get in are minimal, AI doesn't cooperate further from a 20 meter radius.Weapons? No real diversity, no upgrade significance. Everything plays very close or same so there is no incentive to upgrade, unlock or whatever. No choices because there is no difference. Also, you cary so much ammo and gear that you'd need a car with you if it was realistic.Since we're at cars... no significant vehicles, no complex fights. Nothing.Essentially, the whole game is a large and scenery-rich target practice range. After a few kills, it gets old. Every hit is a kill actually, more or less if you consider ""shooting scoped = kill shooting from the hip != kill"".There is no incentive or any kind of reward for going without killing everyone, it just puts you in more danger of a flank. You just grind kills until you've killed everyone on that part of the map. You then pick up the objective and end the mission.The multiplayer or cooperative is actually non-existing. No active servers, no active players. No modes.Hoped for much, much more judging by reviews. Got a game I'd rather refund. Everything you get from the game is a slow motion hit that's actually the same every time, with premade animations for 5-6 body parts. After the first mission, it's repetitive, repetititve, repetititve, repetititve, repetititve, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim, shoot, watch anim...."
76561198009833380,Recommended,312660,33179526,Posted: 3 July,all,TyrannicalDucks,A worthy successor in this continuing series
76561198022278083,Recommended,312660,31731869,Posted: 13 May,all,???,"Great game, but on a i5-core it laks a little bit. This probleme will be solved by playing the game in a window but the experince is not as good"
,Recommended,312660,32753271,Posted: 24 June,all,Angry Bru Bru,Pretty awesome game. Sick graphics and well optimized for performance.I think the best feature is the co-op. The campaign is pretty cool as well but the multiplayer blows and could use lots of improvement. Overall the game is worth getting.
,Recommended,312660,32757040,Posted: 24 June,all,mraz,"Sniper Elite 4 gives you so much freedom on gameplay compares to previous Sniper Elite games, each campaign level is a little open-world you can mess with. You won't feel repetitive unless you play the game in a boring way, Sniper Elite 4 packs tons of variety into its campaign levels, both visually and functionally. You have so many tools to go full Dark Knight on those stupid (on normal difficulty) Nazis, and I'd say that's how Sniper Elite 4 should be played, use not only your WW2 guns, but also those grenades, bombs and stuffs to dismentle your Nazi enemies."
76561198144361291,Recommended,312660,30825947,Posted: 29 March,all,jinyang12345,best sniper game i have ever played.just but it
,Recommended,312660,32769893,Posted: 25 June,all,EleviN_,"I quite like the game. Fun like the previous but with the larger open world style maps you have a lot more freedom, which makes the game even better. The one grudge I have with the game is that the game did become somewhat repetitive after 4 or 5 missions, the objectives are mostly the same, could have had some more variation in objectives on some levels. I also didn't see much of any reason to use other weapons than the ones you start out with, not sure why that was, the other weapons just didn't seem to have any big advantages or changes in game play.If the game also had some Hitman type mission releases (new missions being released regularly) and had an escalation type system like Hitman I think it would attract more players.Good game overall."
,Recommended,312660,32809264,Posted: 26 June,all,XeroWonToo,"I enjoy the hell out of this game.  Good bullet physyics, better enemy AI than in the past, decent stealth mechanics.  A good time waster, because who doesn't like headshotting nazis?  Even has some replay value in the form of special challenges once you've beaten each level, adds a level of difficulty with harder settings.  Definately got my money's worth out of this game, regardless of not having tried tried multiplayer or co-op, although I hear good things."
,Recommended,312660,32708076,Posted: 23 June,all,Murcielago N. Zhang,AMAZING & LOVE ITp.s. anyone wanna play coop?
,Recommended,312660,32717643,Posted: 24 June,all,Panda ChuChu,Well Made Game. 9.5/10 I LIKE IT GRAPHICS ARE SO GOOD.
76561198001589511,Recommended,312660,32132024,Posted: 2 June,all,massarai,"F*ck the mutliplayer and survival modes !!! Play with the devs...yeah !! Nobody cares. It wasnever a game like Battlefield, and mulitplayer allways empty after a wile. Come with new maps in a short interval. People will buy it, and more fun for the majority"
,Recommended,312660,32720799,Posted: 24 June,all,PrimalBanana,I wasn't too sure what to expect of this game to be honest. I played 3 and enjoyed it although i did get bored of it towards the end. 4 however seems to be keeping me interested with it's open level design. the story is a bit meh but the gameplay and shooting mechanics are top notch. The rifle range is a good place to warm up and hone your skill and there's co0op and MP too although ive yet to try them. Do yourself a favour and play on either of the two hardest difficulties to get the best out of this game. Graphically it looks very nice and seems pretty well optimised. i can play either 4k/50fps ish or 1440p and a solid 60 fps upscaling the resolution. either way its a good experience and would reccomend the game.
76561198124998578,Recommended,312660,32852657,Posted: 27 June,all,archangelmichaelhart,"It's an average game with the same old level designs which i have seen in multiple action based games in the past. ( jungle level, snowy level, dockyard level), a stereotype protagonist with a tough guy voice, a very cliche mediocre story which i  didn't care about, and tbh it's just there for the sake of it. The game is all about those satisfying slow motion x-ray kills.The AI's can sometimes be too dumb, i was killing enemies one by one hiding in the bushes, while other enemies just stood 5 ft across me and  didn't react or detect me. It might be different in a higher dificulty but, i can't really say that for sure. Sniper Elite series is getting repitative, I hope the next game is based on the modern era.Overall the game is pretty enjoyeble as a co-op game. It took us around 12 hrs to complete the campaign in normal difficulty. Buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,312660,32849812,Posted: 27 June,all,Gheist,"Bad things first:- I hate the protagonist's voice (""I sound like a granny with throat cancer, ♥♥♥♥ yeah! Also: america!."")- The AI does not deserve the I but the A- knife the first Nazi in some bush and all germans lose their♥♥♥♥♥♥in the entire map and even in the next two levels (please patch)- Some feedback where your bullet hits/flies would be nice (like in Ghost warrior (horrible game))- would be cool if the enemies where grouped like in the first SE game. Not 30 Nazis on one spot but maybe 6 in more spots- add swastikas ffs- the german the Nazis speak sounds weird (I'm german)Good:- fun to play (especially co-op)!- nice graphics even with medium hardware!- nice bulletcams, really satisfying"
76561198384180561,Recommended,312660,33045525,Posted: 30 June,all,OverClocked97,"Great game, a must have."
76561198322038762,Recommended,312660,33689517,Posted: 20 July,all,sleazeball101,"Great game, huge improvement over SE3. Missions are diverse and fun, and the maps are huge and full of optional objectives. DLC has been pretty good so far too."
,Recommended,312660,33686729,Posted: 20 July,all,samymudra,good game
,Recommended,312660,33689258,Posted: 20 July,all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"Crush the Germans from 700 meters away!Ok so I might have been harsh, needlessly harsh, toward Sniper Elite 3 in that review I made, so I decided to try Sniper Elite 4 because I wanted to see if it was better than 3.It is.The important factor is that I shouldn't have dismissed the relocate feature like I did in 3, another factor is that sound masking devices aren't everywhere, which is nice it felt cheap in 3.The relocate feature however is really neat because unlike 3 where everyone just sorta acts like nothing happened people take to cover, switch cover, and if an officer is present, are likely to investigate the position the shot was heard from, they also don't leave cover for a while, so lining up your shots is key.Also the cheap modification system is gone, now its just straight upgrades which you unlock by using the guns extensively, I like that system a lot more, feels rewarding.Overall there isnt much to say except that imo this is better than 3, gameplay wise and story wise.I really had a lot of fun with 4, the gameplay of Sniper Elite has been refined and now small touches are just adding onto it in a good way."
76561198118024173,Recommended,312660,33637231,Posted: 18 July,all,edstout53,great game
76561198039710976,Recommended,312660,33640447,Posted: 18 July,all,guinness_pete,A great game
,Recommended,312660,33632329,Posted: 18 July,all,itsACoppa,"This was surprisingly good, 8.5/10. Very precise gamplay that rewards players with good mechanics. Brutally difficult on Hard or Very Hard difficulty (Sniper Elite difficulty for best experience). I also got 20 hours just out've the single player campaign, and the levels are designed in a similar fassion the good Hitman games, so there is alot of replayability. Reccomend buying the bad boy and having a good time. Sale or full price is good."
,Recommended,312660,33107511,Posted: 1 July,all,MrStealYourMemes69,"It's a sniper elite game.The story, although lacking, didn't detract much from the fantastic gameplay as it is really just an excuse to go and kill more nazis. The bullet cams are prettier than ever before, as they now have better blood and bone fragment physics, as well as melee x-rays. I would recommend this game to those who aren't dependant on instant gratification / success (such as Call of Duty), but instead those who are patient with their shots and wait for the perfect moment to strike. Do not buy this game at full price. Instead, buy it only when it is on sale. The game is medium in length (took me 14 hours to beat with some optional objectives fulfiled) yet has a fairly large replayability value because missions can be approached from different angles allowing for a different play-through of the same level multiple times. Every mission has some optional objectives that are interesting and manage to remain immersive and relevant to the level that they are present in."
,Recommended,312660,33054889,Posted: 30 June,all,NeoGeoMVS,if you enjoyed any other sniper elite(they are all very good) then you will love this game. more of the same only refined and thats a good thing.looks great on monitors above 60hz.
76561197968566451,Recommended,312660,33294742,Posted: 5 July,all,Toxic_Salty_Trash,Finally a truely great game.
76561197981945311,Recommended,312660,33196246,Posted: 3 July,all,smeghead28,this is a great game.
76561198249352988,Recommended,312660,30302611,Posted: 3 March,all,Egoman,"I tried all the possible solutions to get this to work on my system - Asus Strix GTX 970 || Asus Sabertooth 990FX || FX 8350 4.2 Ghz || 16GB G-Skill RAM || Samsung SSD || Windows 8.1 (All updates installed)  but to no avail.Nothing made it run and I had to go in for a refund.I feel bad as I really wanted to play the game.Sorry,PratapEdit - I upgraded to Windows 10 and it works like a charm changing my rating to Recommended but seriously I had no reason to upgrade except this game.Cheers,Pratap"
,Recommended,312660,33676112,Posted: 20 July,all,Cyrlan The Great,"As a player since Sniper Elite V2, I bought this game on summer sale with season pass and it is very worth it with still upcoming dlcs to come in the future. This game still gives me challenge in every way just like example below.Single Player:-You can kill anyone in different methods-Knifed HItler into his neck or heart-Punch Hitler, and break his neck, back or make an internal bleeding inside his own body-Snipe Hitler's head, eye, nose, and mouth-Snipe Hitler's balls (if he have really one)-Throw an adhesive pipe bomb to Hitler's bodyCoop:-Snipe a flammable barrel near your coop player so that he will die (This is the best feature of the game)As you can see above methods. This game is a very recommended to anyone fresh or old to the series. Cheers!"
76561197982600291,Recommended,312660,33727279,Posted: 22 July,all,kilexe,Guess I forgot to review this. Best sniper game ever like everyone says. Mix of stealth / action giving you choice on how you want to complete your objective. Huge maps giving you different vantage points and ways to go on about completing the mission. I've played and beaten the last 3 and they just get better and better.
,Recommended,312660,33706491,Posted: 21 July,all,skpManiac,"Been playing this for nearly 40 hours now and loving it, some of the AI is a bit annoying, but it's still much better than most games - The graphics are great, the sound could be better, needs support for Atmos/7.1Tonight I got to Infiltration Part 3 and got stuck in bunker I had just blown up - 5 hours of gameplay totally wasted by the looks of it - this is the latest DLC and is the first major bug I have experienced.Other than that the game is great and YES I would still recommend it even though it peed me off tonight"
,Recommended,312660,33748076,Posted: 23 July,all,Valentine,"This is more fun, more experience than before, into the sense of a lot of change! I'm going to be a fan of this series！！！"
,Recommended,312660,33770012,Posted: 24 July,all,Senap,First Game I've ever gone back to campain missions to actually do challenges.
76561198395884549,Recommended,312660,33771203,Posted: 24 July,all,seantanvs,"after update the game, i cant open the file again. it written as missing file"
76561198377135441,Recommended,312660,33708244,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr T,Great game very satisfying when you hit that sweeeeeeet spot
76561198338866203,Recommended,312660,33708436,Posted: 21 July,all,cspeegle91,"Sniper Elite 4 has been the best, most realistic, sniper game I've ever played. The only thing that could make this game more realistic for me is to find someone who is willing to play as a spotter while I snipe or snipe as I spot enemy targets. Once I play through the entire game I'll look into getting the season pass for the DLC - but it's extremely fun even without it."
,Recommended,312660,33707021,Posted: 21 July,all,SirCabbage,"My first exposure to the sniper elite series was though total biscuits various ""wtf is"" videos- The game always seemed ""interesting"" but at the same time I never found myself wanting to jump on into the series because of them. Then along comes Sniper Elite 4- with its flashy massive open levels, stunning graphics and clutterfilled worlds. Having being exposed to this and realising that it could be the perfect co-op game for me and my mate I wishlisted it.Few months on, I bought Sniper Elite 3 during a massive sale, and played through it with my friend. Now, this isn't a review of Sniper Elite 3 so I won't be going into much detail on my run through that, however, I will say that while we had fun it didn't grab us nearly as much as the SE4's video coverage did. Something must have clicked however, as come steam sale we both made the choice to purchase it.Each Sniper Elite game may seem as if it is a gradual changing series of games such as one may find in the Tropico series of games- however, jumping from 3 to 4 was a massive leap in terms of playablity. To the point where my friend and I went from a single runthrough on normal in SE3, to an ""Authentic"" and later ""Authentic Plus"" playthough on SE4. co-op play in SE4 is a pleasure, with many wide open paths and strategies to be mastered the game feels less linear than ever before. Throughout our playthroughs we were constantly strategising new ways to overcome the challenges provided to us, and the gradual increase in both difficulty and required skill meant that we felt as if we were truly becoming better players the more we played, rather than just relying on random grinding style elements.Playing through each level of Sniper Elite 4 at first sometimes took as long as two hours per go, however on subsequent playthroughs (on higher difficulties even) that time was slashed as we found new paths throughout the large multi-pathed levels. Finding a secret pathway that lets you bypass a good deal of risk in Authentic, or finding a solid sniper roost- was a common element within our playthroughs.Unlike previous games, this game feels as if it offers a larger variety of maps than ever. Day maps, night maps, colourful maps, dull maps. Inside, outside, mix of both... Levels you want to stealth and snipe- vs levels it is better to just take a stand against a bunch of incoming enemies. While the base gameplay loop itself is very samey, what that loop is used for is significantly different between these varied levels.Final point I would like to touch on is that of the progression system. In Sniper Elite 3, you had to randomly find ""attachments"" for your guns, and hope they were the ones you wanted. While this lended itself to more ""choice"" it wasn't rewarding enough to consider doing. Sniper Elite 4 changes this- instead of being given that choice each gun has a series of challenges to achieve to receive the weapon upgrades you crave. While this may seem grindy, and yes, you can indeed grind these upgrades if you so desire (honestly, for some I suggest you do) however, the system works in a way that it is fair to the player- rather than forcing limitations. For example, if you have to reload (or manually reload) a save, the weapon progression is saved. While you may be forced to repeat a level time and time again from a checkpoint, each loss continues to make you stronger. Basically, the system as it is in place while offering less choice, still works better from a gameplay standpoint. While technically, you could offer both by changing to a currency based upgrade system, there is something inticing to me about the idea of having to beat small challenges/feats to upgrade your weapons.Issues wise, there are a few problems which I find jarring to say the least. For example, by default the same button is used to vault over cover that is used to focus your gun. Which if you don't left go of the button when reloading can see your sniper vault himself and cling off of a fence in full view of the enemy. Similarly, changing between prone, crouched and standing can be a bit finniky too, however, the AI is forgiving of brief bouts of standing even on the hardest difficulty. The final issue I can think of while writing this review is that there is currently a glitch were if you are not the host of a co-op session, you do not get the achievements for completing the game on any difficulty beyond marksman. My friend and I started on Marksman and got the achivements fine, but then upon moving to Authentic- he got the two achivements while I got nothing. I was hoping this issue would be fixed, however, even with the Authentic Plus patch it was not, to the point that even the two new achievements (beating Authentic Plus and beating Authentic Plus without any saves) still suffered the issue. This forced me to use a program to add the achivements I had earnt onto my profile- which honestly is not something I would want to do. So just be aware of that if you are entering this as the perfect co-op game- there is nothing worse than finally earning that 0.1% achivement only to NOT receive it.Despite its high pricetag and the issues which I experienced, I would say that Sniper Elite 4 is more than worth your time and money. I am very happy to have finally jumped on this bandwagon and will myself be looking forward to any and all future sniper elite content by this developer."
76561198392757461,Recommended,312660,33753637,Posted: 23 July,all,chicken-duck-woman-thing,"Is pretty gud, I is recommended game 4 yu"
76561198026386095,Recommended,312660,33803649,Posted: 26 July,all,erfqfrqe,"If you loved SE3, you'll love SE4. They've taken all the best bits, such as kill cam and the great weapons, and created brilliant environments to play in."
76561198032515759,Recommended,312660,33804617,Posted: 26 July,all,bzavitsky,-Fun open levels with countless ways to go about completing objectives-Many fun ways to kill nazis-easy to pick up and play100% recommend.
76561197970410931,Recommended,312660,33789249,Posted: 25 July,all,Gitmo,I have been around for quite a while and have been playing computer games since 1984 and this is by far one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,312660,33821511,Posted: 26 July,all,Hurkin,"+Big sandbox maps with plenty of vantage points and optional objectives+Customizable gameplay factors like AI aggression, item rarity, weapon behavior, etc. lets the game be as easy or hard as you want it to be.+Easily accessible for casual players, while the customization still gives the hardcore players a proper challenge+Slow-motion bullet cam is satisfying to watch, whether you're destroying brains, lungs, or manhood. You've the option for it show up as much or as little as you want+/-Story is bland and the voice acting is cringe, but that's not what you're here for-Lackluster upgrade system-You'll likely be sticking with the same rifle the entire gameIt's a little rough around the edges but Sniper Elite 4 is more than worth a shot."
76561198376515203,Recommended,312660,33834250,Posted: 27 July,all,Greenphenix,"As in the origional Sniper Elite, this game has the amazing bullet cam! If that isn't enough to suck you in you have the option of fully customized matches online. The community is exactly the same as in the past....fantastic. I have yet to see or hear any type of hate or trash talk like on Black Ops for instance.  This is a must have for anyone into FPS games."
76561198051014902,Recommended,312660,33915150,Posted: 30 July,all,jeffersonbroady,"Sniper Elite 4 is great game and well done, the DLC is exceptionally realistic and challenging."
,Recommended,312660,33736865,Posted: 22 July,all,Ragnarøkkr,"I can't help but play these game like MGS. If you're done with Phantom Pain and need an MGS substitute, you'll like this. Don't let the title fool you, this should be called Welrod Elite 4... or Rock Throwing Simulator. Series is still the same as it's always been, controls are nice, graphics are nice (despite my love/hate relationship with Unreal Engine 4)."
76561198352348802,Recommended,312660,33924078,Posted: 31 July,all,aje68blue,"Excellent, best game i have played in a very long time"
76561198279233402,Recommended,312660,32767403,Posted: 25 June,all,Black and White Crane,Great game
,Recommended,312660,34109729,Posted: 8 August,all,Dynamite Gal™,Amazing game. Can spend hours on this and don't get bored. Can sneak and get insane kills or go all in. a lot of fun would recommend.
,Recommended,312660,34110164,Posted: 8 August,all,OutlawISILDUR,"If you have played and enjoyed previous versions of Sniper Elite you will find this game a pleasant experience.Yes the animation isn't as smooth as some AAA titles, and the AI could be a little more intelligent, but it looks great and isn't full of all the gimmicks such as the likes of Call of Duty.This is a more gritty FPS which feels a little more realistic, especially at higher settings when having to deal with bullet drop and wind direction etc.I agree with other reviewers that the campaign is too short, but nonetheless I enjoyed playing through it and will be working my way through it again at higher difficulty. The game is fairly linear but with multiple objectives per mission, you can tackle them in your own order. Also you can choose your aproach to the game, nice and stealthy picking of enemies 1 by 1, or you can storm in all guns blazing. Although for the latter you have be a bit more intelligent in you approach, the call of Duty style rhino charge will probably end badly.The multiplayer can be a little slow (I have only played TDM and DM so far) but it is a sniper game what do you expect.But it can also be an intense game of cat and mouse tyrying to draw your opponents out, or trying to creep up on there positions without taking a bullet to the skull.Overall I would recommend this game, although I wouldn't pay the full asking price I bought my copy in the summer sale for £20. Mow I'm just waiting for the next sale to get the Season pass."
76561198024706811,Recommended,312660,34141996,Posted: 10 August,all,Eponymandas [TOG],"Mechanically this is an excellent game - it's a perfect fill a room/bush/ditch with dead bodies simulator! Don't come for the story and its excellent. To be realistic I didn't expect anything of the story so I shouldn't have been so enraged and let down by.... a number of things. It's a historical setting. Wait. no it's not. It's in a made up part of Italy. Totaly divorced from history, but it looks ""just like"" southern Italy and it looks great on ultra settings, this invented part of Italy i.e. it's said to be set in Italy, it's got the pizza restaurants and wine bars (apparently some towns in Italy during WWII were made of these two shop types an peoples houses. Who knew! because famine in Italy during WWII wasnt a thing (it was)  ...but... the places are not in ""our"" Italy... this is simply, really moronic. With a small amount of research, perfectly suitable, real world locations could have been used and enhanced the story and immersion. Instead it's totally fictionalised and made up... for no good reason...I'm serious. I. can't. see. why. they. went. with. make. believe.When you have the rich history of the real Italian campaign in WWII. They must have thought people couldn't handle reality, but they CAN handle x-ray kill shots (which I do love, and it is why we are here, after all) But would some real history and real story killed the writers? It smacks of a Producer who has overridden the writers because he's an egomaniac, tosser.You're a sniper right. Yeah, you are...but...if you want to cheese the game use melee and stealth kills. In hand to hand combat, you are a GOD! You could conceivably ( and I did) finish whole levels with just hand to hand attacks, barring a couple of assassinations, you can make easier or MUST (your forced) shoot - As a result, a more developed melee combat mechanic would do wonders for the game. Avoid stealth kills, you will ruin the game for yourself and waste your money. Play shooty-bang-bang and make the game harder. While we are on this, don't play with extra suppressed ammo in your loadout, because again you will just cheese the game. I hope you can tell I'm in favour of much of the game because I really am.Yet.What little story there is, totally take the game over from the player and ""makes no bloody sense"" given what you have been doing in the game. When the key story moment intrudes on a great game and suddenly says ""Ohh story now - and by the way; we really want you to hate this game for all the wrong reasons"" well....What makes a great game BAD, if you're interested in STORY, is the killing of the only woman in the entire game. Because; killing is evil, and the NPC Nazi must be really really evil because he just kills her  (but haven't we been running around on a massive murder spree of our own?). and there is a lame ""bait and switch"" involving the ""plot"" which was crystal clear and straightforward up to this point, BUT NOW is as muddy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ because this Nazi prick is soo Fffing evil he's been ...letting you kill a Division of his own soldiers. Hey? What? Yeah...So now, nothing makes any sense and you're all like ""fine I'm just shooting ♥♥♥♥♥es in the head. What do I care"" and well, you don't (care)? Because capping Nazi ♥♥♥♥♥es in the face, is, sublime with this engine.Yet.Why kill the woman? far better - kill the main protagonist. let the woman live. Don't be a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and misogynist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Have the woman ""wonder woman"" up to the occasion. Which would have been in character and AWESOME! Have ""main guys"" death ""spark"" the heroism of others ...essentially swapping the player to the woman and the other Non-player characters from that point forward - who are all available to play - so... this would have turned a railroaded, heavily scripted, no-player-agency, moment, into a fantastic dramatic story moment. As it stands, the story line is worse than an English paper done by a junior-high schooler. It's actually embarrassingly bad, due to an unnecessarily convoluted bait-and-switch and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that entails, and they are asking us to swallow that♥♥♥♥♥♥whole. And you do because x-ray kills have never been so grand.Anyway. BAD story. GREAT game play."
,Recommended,312660,34146651,Posted: 10 August,all,Mortem,"I have to say I like this game.. It's a step up from Sniper elite 3.. Yet It dont feel like triple A game yet.. More of this Average indi game typ.. Yet it doesn't make it any less fun..Let's start with what i like.+ Campaign is fun both single and coop.. >You can do some amasing shots.. Theres about 8 levels.. But playing on a higher difficulty can do so it takes around 2 hours to complete one level. Considering all the side objectives you will have your hands full.. Or just turn on easy or normal and steam roll the enemies in an army of two.+Gameplay Has allot to offer, Stealth, Coop sniping, tactic, Mines, traps. And plenty of guns.. The kill cam keeps popping but never gets old and I keep pushing myself to try harder shots just to see how the killcam reacts.+Multiplayer Still has a playerbase and it's fun to kill people. People die from just a shot or two from most weapons and it makes for intense firefights.Now to things I don't like.-Campaign has problems, there's no story whatsoever and its pretty much just a testeron blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and kill people and collect that piece of paper.-Gameplay On harder difficulties is fun but sometimes you feel like enemey AI are taking way to many shots.. Like if its not a vital organ kidney, lung ,heart or headshot then sometimes they can take 3 sniper rounds before they go down. It's a balance but it's wierd.-Multiplayer Is what im having my biggest issus with. First Its player hosting which is fine but it means many times your put on a russian or chinease server and ends up lagging balls..  Secondly the host can whenever he feels like kick you or shut down the server just to prevent a lost game match to show up on he's statistic but also prevent you from getting the win match bonuse.. So many times have I had this happen to me..  Also there's a huge DLC paywall to get silenced snipers and Better outfits. Like all ghilli outfits are locked to DLC paywalls.. And it's annoying as on some maps this is a huge advantage. But the worse thing is..The only way to keep this game fun is to kill and move, kill and relocate. Then It's fair.. But it's easy to just camp up.. To prevent camping they add a sort of killcam where you see the distance and direction you got shot from. But some people like camping, With a DLC silenced gun and ghilli so bad they remove that from there servers.. My advice is just host your own.. But never hardcore.. You won't get anyone to join then.. Hardcore = Wind, bullet drop and it means people actually must use there brain to shoot people, not just point and click..  It's to much for them..Other then that.. I picked this up on the 50% off sale.. And Im enjoying myself and consider it money worth spent."
76561198143068715,Recommended,312660,34083228,Posted: 7 August,all,ｐｉｚｚａ ｆａｃｅ,"This game is the best game i have played in a while, The story is good but just not enough missions tho, pick up the deluxe edition and you will enjoy this a bit more than the standard edition. The multiplayer i do not get but aside from that you will have a blast with this gamei have to give this game4/5"
,Recommended,312660,34092380,Posted: 7 August,all,Brooklyn Kurtz.,"Really good game overall, everything was really good(the ""dlc's"" were abit of a minus, not liking dlcs to get some ""skins""/weapons)The campaign tho, was WAY too short, I'm all ready finished with the campaign and Im only 9 hours in, this is my first Sniper Elite game so I had to replay maps and took very long to do a lot of things (several maps taking 1hour+), I did some of the ""side-quests"" that were present at missions, but most of the time you did 50% of them by just following the primary objective (nothing wrong with that), the game is really fun and cool, but I dont think there is too much replayability, unless you really wanna try specific stuff(like a ghost run)I did run through the game on normal/custom difficulty, however I dont think making it much harder will make it much more ""enjoyable"" or ""longer"" in any meaningful way.I would give this game 7.5/10 (with it being 9/10 if the campaign was longer)"
,Recommended,312660,34086486,Posted: 7 August,all,NoMae,I can kill someone by shooting them in the testicles instantly 10/10
76561198023396540,Recommended,312660,34091021,Posted: 7 August,all,Lara Croft,"The worst Italian accents I've ever heard and Weaver looks like an alien wearing a 'human' mask, but still a very fun sniping game with gorgeous locations."
76561198112196510,Recommended,312660,34097472,Posted: 8 August,all,Orginal Saint,love the game . graphics great .
76561198051301844,Recommended,312660,34082583,Posted: 7 August,all,SeanScott3D,Das gut.
76561198297735759,Recommended,312660,34096079,Posted: 7 August,all,eason,"The game is good, but there are still some bugs or weird things exist in the game: I don't get it, why is everyone using sniperife and when I shoot at someone's cap it will turn to helmet."
76561198269371595,Recommended,312660,34098760,Posted: 8 August,all,Erika_212,"Great game, run smootly on my old PC, Thanks rebelion"
76561198007284124,Recommended,312660,34024864,Posted: 4 August,all,ESKEHL,"One well placed bullet away from greatnessSniper Elite 4 is the first game in the series I`ve played. I have been on my way of buying the third game on numerous occations when it was on sale. But how good is it? Not that this review is without having played anything more than the singleplayer missions solo.GameplayEach mission start with a breifing from intelligence officer and some of the partisans. The game has a story but it`S not at the centre of gameplay. That is the way you conduct operations. I`ve played the game on hard and I can say that if you do not elect stealth as your main approach you will be dead fast. That`s for certain once you have played a few hours of the game. There is the option of just going in guns blazing with a submachinegun but you realise quickly that this game wasn`t created for that style of gameplay. It`s suited to the patient players.So the AI is pretty good, it will see things and it will investigate things that are out of order. If you alert your presence through shooting at a squad without a silencer you will most likely trigger a general alert among large parts of the map. However it can behave somewhat stupid at some occations. For example, most of your enemies are divided up into squads. If you haven`t totlly revealed yourself when confronting an enemy force and it is clear for the squad that someone has been killed the alert does not go out to the entire map, which is natural. However sometimes you can have a squad on alert while another squad just 50 m away hasn`t even reacted. A example was when I blew up anti-aircraft defences in a harbour and I hardly got a reaction from squads further away. A real-life situation like that should have gotten a whole base on alert.The thing that strikes me while playing this game is how familiar it feels. Most of the mechanics can be related to an old and familiar game to the gaming veterans, namely the Commandos series. I know, it`s an odd comparison, but think about this; Sniper Elite 4 is basically taking Commandos put it in a third person perspective as a tactical shooter and kick out everyone but the sniper character. Then you pretty much have Sniper Elite 4. Guards usually have their routes they are patrolling etc, The whole detection system of who sees you and who don`t feels like refined verison of the good ol` tactical strategy game Commandos. You can loot your environment to accomplish your missions etc. It all feels familiar!I have yet to see cooperative gameplay but judging fron the singleplayer it must be alot more than twice the fun to play coop with syncing the shots etc. However, when speaking about the Commndos series, there really is somethings I miss about this game and that is more options. This game would be a more everlasting game if the gameplay was more than being a sniper. I invoke Commandos here. For how much fun wouldn`t you have if the coop were four players and you could schoose between green beret, the sniper, the engineer the driver and so on. That would truelly be a everlasting game. I can only hope that Rebellion can secure that trademark.Final commentsThis game is really good and also has the benefit of good graphics. I haven`t mentioned the kill-shots when you watch bullets damaging the victims organs and bones, and I can say that it is as cool as msot people playing this game says it is. However I lack more variation in the game. Sure it`s a sniper game, but what potential Rebellion has with it`s games are unmistakable. If the series could evolve into a new World War 2 IP were I get to play as more SOE characters then only a sniper, then it would truelly be everlasting.Until then this game gets a 7/10. It`s a great game and a definite buy for the people into tactical shooters. But it has potential for more. I am looking forward to Rebellions next releases!"
,Recommended,312660,34156926,Posted: 10 August,all,Colonel_Banhammer,"So far the game is really fun and feels adaquately challenging. The AI at harder difficulties presents an engaging experience with just enough forgiveness to not make pound your computer desk.The good-Graphics are at least somewhat improved from the previous title-Audio feels genuine and doesn't bug the snot out of you-Bullet mechanics on harder difficulties keep things interesting-Open level concept allows you to take down objectives in whatever order you wantThe Bad-Day 1 DLC-Skins that aren't earnable unless you purchase the DLC-$60 feels a bit rich for a game of this caliber considering the season pass.-Guns that can't be used unless you purchase the DLCOverall a pretty fun stealth shooter game. The bullet-time kills are entertaining and the idea of shooting someone across the map on max difficulty keeps the tension up. It's a shame that this game is bogged down with bloated DLC, but...what can ya do?"
,Recommended,312660,34161812,Posted: 10 August,all,Jackie Channing Tatum,"Always was a big fan of the Nazi Zombie games (so happy to see them all redone and packaged together) without actually ever playing any of the base sniper elites.  This is just damn good fun, I shot hitler in the nuts and then dropped a sub on his head.  The graphics are decent, although for a AAA cost I'd expect better textures and variations on the actual skins for the pc.  Playing with a friend or two and even though the faces are different the actual rigging and everything else is exactlyt he same.  Still we all got it on sale for I think 40 for EVERYTHING which I think is fair.  The X-Ray has only gotten better as rebellion has made more sniper elites, and man there's just something great about shooting a person in the nuts and then watching that bullet tumble and kill another person.  The levels are almost too big, the first time we played we had no idea just how giant the map was.  The AI isn't the best, and there's way too many explosive items around every single map (except for defense mode).  It is also way too easy if you play with aim assist empty lung (aka the zoom in and slow down time mechanic) as it shows you EXACTLY where that bullet will go.  But you can turn that off and rely on the range mechanic (automatically applies changes to your sight based on how you set it).  It was always hard on Nazi Zombie Army to compensate for 150m + kill shots, so it's nice to have the adjustment in SE4.Highly recommend this game, but only if you get it on sale."
76561198014798428,Recommended,312660,34225844,Posted: 13 August,all,nik69,"Huge missions, huge maps, great AI,  and great weapons. Buy this friggin game!"
,Recommended,312660,34380844,Posted: 20 August,all,Lucky Dice,"If you've played literally any Sniper Elite game, you would know that nobody is here for it's 'riveting' story. Although for starters, this one has a bit more character (literally) than others, but it boils down to the same formula that the past 3 games used. Lone sniper behind enemy lines has to ♥♥♥♥ up the Nazi's♥♥♥♥♥♥and foil their plot to use some super weapon on the Allies. While very loosely historically accurate (keyword ""loosely"") it is a blast to play. It's not really a game that appeals to a broad audience as it's such a niche series that has a very specific feel to it. The first major improvements were in the visuals, the weapon sounds, the sniping mechanics, the character models, the X ray kill cams, the more open world-esque missions, the variety of tactical gear and techniques to use to slip past or bait them into getting stabbed in the jugular, and just a more interesting environment in general. We've had a plethora of WWII games based in Germany, London, France, and the Pacific. Although not many about Africa or Italy. It's a refreshing seting because who wouldn't want to look at the Italian landscape while nut-shotting Nazis from 500m away?You can play by yourself, do campaign, survival, or overwatch with a buddy, there's competitive multiplayer but it's kinda ded. Finally you can see your partner get Xray kill cams, there's a good selection of characters to pick from (purely cosmetic btw) and play as, and your single player weapons skills carry over into coop, to an extent. (rip 16x zoom)If you've played thelast 2 titles in the series, you probably are wondering if you can use a pistol or SMG from anywhere outside of point blank range, and thank the God Emperor that they are a viable combat option now accompanied by an impressive selection of secondaries. Your MP40, STG44, trench gun, PPSH-41, the Sten, FNAB, even the triple barrelled Drilling which is a double barrel shotgun with a single rifle barrel underneath that is pretty damn fun to use. You have an impressive pistol selection as well with your 1911s, P38, P08, Webley, Welrod, PPK, and a slew of others. Never tried another pistol because you need the Welrod for dat dem der sneeky peeky? Well look no further as you can equip suppressed ammo for your pistol AND your rifle, with your trade off being much lower muzzle velocity. Speaking of rifles, you have your trusty Springfield, M1 Garand, Mosin Nagant, Carcano, Kar98, Gewehr 43, and even the integrally suppressed Delisle Carbine. Choose whatever fits your style or preference and you can improve it by completing challenges in both campaign and the PVE modes, in order to give it more zoom, muzzle velocity, effective range, damage, stability, or whatever you can unlock for said weapon.I'm rambling along, just get the game and have fun killing Nazis in whatever way you can bait them."
76561197978536249,Recommended,312660,34384614,Posted: 20 August,all,The Quack,"Pretty fun to play with a friend. Solo too I guess.The game is gory and responsive. The shots feel just right, but crank it up all the way to purist difficulty!"
76561198001283781,Recommended,312660,34391539,Posted: 21 August,all,~~)Bronx(~~,"GAMEPLAY:Should be called machine gun elite.Can take out an entire map with a FNAB.Good game, extremely short, but lots of fun nonetheless.Cutscenes and voiceacting is same as SE3, so dont expect a great deal, however, I come to play the game not watch cutscenes.Xray shots are still top notch and in some cases have great details (testicle shoot hitler and you will see he only has 1 testicle)Difficulty settings are very good, it sits very well between real life sniping and what to expect from a game.(you dont want to spend 1 hr to adjust your sights in real life for different distances, so the game helps a lot there)Oh and dont forget PEW PEW PEW! shoot and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up like a crazy madman.AI:AI is smart yet dumb.They can go anywhere you go, however if they dont spot you, they stop searching and you are in the clear...I JUST DESTROYED MULTIPLE TANKS AND AA GUNS!!!!Hans: You see those tanks blow up just then?Bob: yeah, but its been 3 minutes and 30 seconds, better let it go, dont notify anyone though, that would be inconvenient..Side note: AI can snipe you with machine guns from 100m away.Combat is same as SE3, however the lack of weapon customization really is a massive downfall.You can complete entire missions without having your cover blown, so thats a plus.GAME COMPATIBILITY:Get constant 60fps with:gtx1060 6gb @1920x1080 60hz16gb rami5 4430I have not had any glitches or issues, everything runs smoothly."
,Recommended,312660,34344965,Posted: 19 August,all,NambaWan,"Nice game, open world sniper (doesnt stuck on one by one mission)."
76561198007258997,Recommended,312660,33660048,Posted: 19 July,all,SpecialistZer0,"I already had Sniper Elite V2 and enjoyed it so much I thought I'd give SE 4 a whirl, I avoided SE 3 due to the bad reviews and when purchasing SE 4 there was a deal to get SE 1 and 3 included in the deal for a grand total of £20 on sale, Bargain! (N.B) SE 1 and SE 3 are not good, glad I didn't pay for them. Chuckles....So, I've clocked up over 200 hours and am still enjoying it on my 3rd playthrough of the main campaign, so i thought I'd have a look at the DLC as Rebellion have just finished completing the content for the season pass.  The base game is really well built with as far as I can see, very few if any bugs left and the smooth graphics make it really enjoyable to play.There are some issues that I believe would make the game a little more realistic such as range vs target size, windage and elevation in that they are not realistic enough for my taste.  It can also be a little annoying that the environment can be unrealisticly restrictive, you'll find yourself thinking about issues like why you cant climb onto a certain feature or enter some of the buildings?  Besides, if I can create a mousehole in a thick stone wall using a small charge, why can't i blast the shabby wooden door off that house and use it for a vantage point?However, most of these are soon overcome when you become entwined in the deep scenarios of each mission and planning your tactics to try to achieve some of the many challenges that are laid before you to add even more spice to what is already a rather hot dish of variety.One of the things that I like most about the game is that like a real sniper, you can generally take your time about things and adjust your strategy on the fly, it means that unless you want a big free for all gun battle, you can pop em off in almost any way you like.I'm very pleased that I took the plunge and purchased SE 4, Simply put, it's a great game and it's been emotional.  I now face the question that has been bothering me for the last three weeks.  I was put off by the price of the DLC offerings, in particular, the £29.99 for the Season Pass for the complete DLC experience.  Is that too much?  I paid it anyway, thats how much I like this game.I'll update as soon as I've had a bash at it.*Update*  What can I say, Season Pass, buy it!  Have been playing MP since I completed the large missions included with the Season Pass and its very, very good.  Highly Recommended."
76561198050975772,Recommended,312660,34365259,Posted: 19 August,all,US-Gamer09,"Where to start...It is an awesome game to play on PC. No Lag, good FPS, nice graphics..Storymode is a nice one too...Different Approaches onto Enemies - Stealth..or Guns blazing...or use of imagination to distract soldiers..Thumbs up.Highly recommend it."
76561198368180630,Recommended,312660,34462439,Posted: 24 August,all,DrakoMartin,Love this game...strategy and the WW2 background just makes it impossible not to like
76561198370523571,Recommended,312660,34277514,Posted: 16 August,all,VarunGaddam,"- Sniping has never been so much fun !Gameplay is fun, smooth and polished with little glitches or bugs.While the campaign is fairly limited, consisting of only 8 missions.worth it."
76561198409966971,Recommended,312660,34464331,Posted: 24 August,all,venwkli,Fall in love in this game!
76561198004810483,Recommended,312660,33111064,Posted: 1 July,all,Sig9,"Updated 8-13-2017I tend to buy games on sale and SE 4 was no different.  $40 well spent for an addictive shooter that has kept me busy for hours; 261 hours to be exact.  As of this update, I see the game still cost $59 bucks of our hard earned money.  I’d wait for a sale.Glitches:  unlike the glitch laden SE 3, I’ve only found one glitch (or two) in SE 4 so far.  One particular rooftop in Urban Survival seems to grab a passing soldier and locks him in place.  One major hang up occurred when my entire profile got hosed and I had to start over and regain my experience and weapons.  Looking in the forums, you’ll see this was a common problem.Gameplay:  the game plays pretty much like SE 3 and unfortunately has the same questionable ballistics built into their weapon systems.  The exaggerated bullet drops don’t really hurt the game play since most of the time, the player will be using an aiming diamond available in Elite mode and less.  The Authentic mode offers no assistance but again no real issue.  The distance can be gained from the binoculars and then adjusted into the scope.  That said, the Garand had to shoot 2 MOA (inches) groups at 100 yards just to be accepted by the Army.  Further, note that wind doesn't become a factor until significantly greater distances.  The wind effects are again grossly over-exaggerated in SE4.  The very annoying issue (all difficulty levels) is the enemy getting shot from 70 meters and getting right back up.  Anyone shot with a 30-06 projectile traveling at 2800 f/s, isn’t likely getting up.  The Germans in this game are equipped with body armor so perhaps the developers feel this justifies them being uninjured.  Body armor wasn’t available until near the end of the war and it wasn’t effective against high-powered rounds.  But hey, it's just an enjoyable game so we check realism at the door.Solo Survival:  most of my time in game play is spent here in solo survival.  These addictive maps are insanely difficult.  Unlike SE 3, the survival (challenge) mode in SE 4 does not save every 3 rounds.  If you die at wave 8 or 9 (like I generally do), then you must fight again for the same real estate from wave one.  This dampens my enthusiasm for the game as much as anything.  On Marksman, I made it through the 12 waves for the Village map.  On the Urban, I had to downgrade to Easy in order to beat it; it’s that difficult.  From 120 meters or more, the enemy snipers will turn into your direction, boom, you’re dead; a super-human and very un-realistic feat.Coop:  I generally don’t play coop or multi-player but when I do, I usually have a good time.  The “No Cross” games have an impassible barrier and the object is to snipe across this barrier.  Sometimes this barrier is not displayed on the mini-map upon insertion into the game.  So you ask yourself, “which way to the war!?”   The occasional run and gunners tend to put a damper on the Team Death Matches.  They paid for the game too so it’s their purgative to play it their way.Happing Steaming..."
,Recommended,312660,33555177,Posted: 15 July,all,x3_zy,Very polished sniping game compared to the previous 3. Highly recommended if you are into stealth killing and long range sniping. Campaign could've been longer though but overall 8.5/10.
,Recommended,312660,34208204,Posted: 13 August,all,AŦLĂS,It's beautiful.  It's fun.  The killshots are awesome.  If you like this type of game you will certainly like this one.  Try not to pay more than $30.  I bought it for that on sale and am very pleased but $60 is way too much.
,Recommended,312660,34204535,Posted: 12 August,all,tank28,"This series keeps getting better and better. Tjhe scenery is great and good challenges. It took quite some time to finish the gane buit I managed to do it over a number of days. I am hoping there are more to come. Oh, by the way, don't go to the extreme of 3D - it will ruin this game."
76561198014649631,Recommended,312660,34260416,Posted: 15 August,all,vangomaextreme,"After the appalling crash fest of Sniper Elite 3, even though there was a good game in there struggling to emerge, this is TRULY EPIC and a stellar return to form for the series. Absolutely worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,312660,34321613,Posted: 17 August,all,Советский тост,"Played sniper elite 3 for days and I loved it a lot and waited years for this to come out. I was so happy when this went on sale and i bought it. Anyways they added a lot new features like running while crouched, new features wit hequipment and suppressed ammo. Its honestly a great game and takes some time to get use to the maps but once you do it's great. Not like in SE3 where you could put mine where the car was coming. You can also place traps on dead enemies so when hans needs to get his luger back he ded. The mastery Camo is fairly easy and hard to get its easy but time consuming ( just like this review ) Anyways I would get this game if you like any sniper elite games. btw maps are way bigger than Sniper elite 3 so it takes some time to complete a map unless you speedrun."
76561198034741841,Recommended,312660,34263409,Posted: 15 August,all,cents_deaf,"High quality, pornographic violence."
76561197963717420,Recommended,312660,34310271,Posted: 17 August,all,Guru,I like shooting people in the balls. This game speaks to me.
76561197966116205,Recommended,312660,34652494,Posted: 31 August,all,Otto Kill,Good Game. Enjoy!!!
,Recommended,312660,34635322,Posted: 31 August,all,The entire population of China,Best game I've played that lets you shoot Nazis in the balls. 11/10.
,Recommended,312660,34632415,Posted: 31 August,all,Bold and Brash,"GAMEPLAY - So SE4 goes up to you and says kill this guy and blow this thing up, and thats every mission described. However, when you ask how you should go about it, SE4 throws a huge sack of toys and mechanics and says, ""I don't know, thats why you're here isn't it?"" However, however, dispite SE4's almost callous brifing, she'll notce all the little things you do so the game never feels empty with its open levels. It's easy to spend hours in a single level with optional challenges and things to do.STORY - You kill Nazis, that's about it. I must mention here that the most narritive is told though colletables and little every soldier you mark come with a little bio so you can feel bad for that 300m unasisted testies shot on ""Hanzs Gruber, 27, Collects stamps and loves nana's homemade strudel"". As to how the Allies got that intel is another story.WILDCARD - The one man army apporach lets to take this one in your own style and at your own pace, set yourself a challege and get on out there."
76561198010461709,Recommended,312660,34723142,Posted: 3 September,all,booksofblood,"I've played this from start to finish twice already; the first time getting to grips with the landscapes, and then the second time concentrating on getting the longest shots possible. I must say, however, that while a lot of the shots aren't particularly long in some scenarios, it's a *lot* of fun either sneaking up on soldiers or even running at them over a short distance to take them out by hand.As a fan from Sniper Elite 2 onwards, sure I can understand some reviewers' attitudes to it being formulaic. However, I have seen progress over each iteration, and that'll keep me coming back again and again. I will, however, wait until the DLC elements reduce in price. They're over-priced for what you get. All in all, a very enjoyable game indeed!"
76561198069089523,Recommended,312660,34674439,Posted: 1 September,all,keahlii12,Shot Hitler in his only ball left. So that's pretty cool.
,Recommended,312660,34674580,Posted: 1 September,all,Hipster Walrus,I swear to god the hitboxes for the testicles are like 5 times bigger than in other games.  HALF OF MY KILLS WERE TESTICLE SHOTS.
76561198008571264,Recommended,312660,34699053,Posted: 2 September,all,gazzoyboy,one of the best Sniper games available
76561198033383162,Recommended,312660,34689759,Posted: 2 September,all,DMR,What great play.  Be stealthy or guns a blazing. Replay the levels- fantastic
,Recommended,312660,34726325,Posted: 3 September,all,ReaperTX,The hardest level is the best.  I like taking my time on the levels.
76561197964957155,Recommended,312660,34732750,Posted: 4 September,all,GaGrin,"Another incremental improvement over the previous entry as far as game systems go.  Much more open level design, nice custom difficulty options (though they could afford to be more descriptive about what each option actually does).As usual, my complaint with this series is relatively minor - the plot is daft and the game doesn't quite seem to know if it's trying to be pulp adventure or gritty war game.They could also afford to re-do the cover system so the step-out isn't so obnoxious, but by this stage in the series I don't think that's likely to happen.  It's an avoidable issue, but the camera can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ on corners."
76561198062531410,Recommended,312660,34817358,Posted: 8 September,all,bigmancini,"Simply amazing game! If you like sniping and stealth, get this game!"
,Recommended,312660,34683736,Posted: 2 September,all,Todd Marshall,"The Sniper Elite series with yet another sequel, this time it's Italia the place where the action takes place. Assuming that the reader is familiar with previous parts, we may restrict to compare SE3 and SE4, for example:- The gameplay (especially single player and co-op mode) is pretty much the same, graphics sounds etc. are comparable.- Maps are bigger, mostly up to twice the size of SE3 maps.- Weapon and player upgrades are included, not a generally new idea, but new compared to SE3. It works out well.- Challenges are more balanced, up to four players may attend now (instead of two in SE3).- Multiplayer maps vary between close range and long range maps. For every map type, different play styles occur to decide about victory. Although the same styles already occured in SE3, a first impression of SE4 shows that certain tactics on a specified map type lead to victory more often than others, where particularly this feature seemed to be a bit more balanced in SE3. The maximal player number of one match is set to twelve as before.- In addition to the multiplayer modes in SE3, there are Control and Elimination matches in SE4, i.e. the players are to control some radio equipment and defend it against the other team. Defending for a certain amount of time ends a round and rewards the defending team with a point. In Elimination mode, the players kill each other one by one and only a kill of an enemy allows a team member that was killed before to respawn (instead of automatic respawn). This continues till all players of one team are dead, which finishes one round."
,Recommended,312660,34845381,Posted: 9 September,all,Soul,"Love this latest installment of Sniper Elite.  No. 4 is set in the Italian Theatre.  Some amazing graphics, and scenery.  The quality of the detail is incredible.  This has to be my favourite of all the series.  Well done Rebellion!  I've loved every minute of sneaking around and the ""steath kills""."
