user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312780,17198523,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Obnoxious Canary,"-Started a new game+-Play as a fist samurai who doesn't want to get involved in anything-go to back roads-bump into character I made on first playthrough and he killed me.-Trust no one, not even yourself.10/10"
,Recommended,312780,17258984,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ImmortalTHOR,"I opened a dojo for women.To recruit the women, I must find them on the street, beat the hell out of them with either the flat of my sword or my fists, and inform them that I am now their Sensei.My Stockholm syndrome moe harem dojo shall bring honor to Glorious Nippon!十/十(10/10 for you hairy gaijin)"
,Recommended,312780,17213352,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DetectiveGrey,"Do you like samurai?  Do you like spaghetti westerns?  How about having sex with women?  This game has all of this and the ability to make your own SUPERIOR JAPANESE STEEL WEAPON and eat steamed buns straight off the ground.Way of the Samurai's a weird beast of a 3D action game -- it's kind of threading the needle between the open-world nature of something like Grand Theft Auto or Just Cause, the clear territorial restrictions and boxing-in you might feel with a more standard JRPG like The World Ends With You or your average Final Fantasy-type game, and the complex, unforgiving combat of Bushido Blade.  The other reviews are right, you're presented with a lot of decisions that can alter the flow of the story, but Way of the Samurai 4, in a departure from those other games and indeed other entrants in its own series, has one really nice mechanic that helps make all of this open-world nonsense a little bit easier to parse:  An event log.Most of the time, if you're making a decision, you don't really know what the ramifications of that decision might be, and it's often difficult to figure out if you've made a decision that brings you to a section of the plot that you actually want to see, or if you're about to be tossed into a pit of boiling oil for having the audacity to win a swordsmanship tournament.  Spoilers, sure, but you probably don't want this to happen to you and I guarantee you'll be disappointed when it does.Way of the Samurai 4, thankfully, has a helpful event log that lets you know that yes, you have the choice to participate in other events that have opened up to you based on a decision that you have made, and kindly lets you know when you're supposed to do that.  While a lot of people disdain this level of hand-holding in a game whose primary feature is meant to be exploration, I find it refreshing and am willing to admit that as I get older, I don't have time to play through a game six or seven times before I can even get to the main meat of a plot that I might actually want to experience instead of being forced into my own sad, unavoidable doom.This game's good.  It's not 50 dollars good.  It might not even be 25 dollars good, if you're the type of pearl-clutching reactionary who needs every game released on steam in 2015 to have 60fps graphics -- even ones that originally came out in 2011 -- but it's definitely good at the price it's at now, and if you're patient, it's a clear pickup for a steam sale that puts it at even 15 dollars.  It's cheap, it's a stable port, it's got really good combat, and you can wear weird flower-covered robes and not have other people discriminate against your sexual tastes.  What's not to like?"
,Recommended,312780,17230941,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Balten Azure,"So today, I assaulted the elderly and forced them as my student-minions in my dojo. Then I made a bunch of false promises  to women that I would sleep with them, when in fact I was fist-fighting my doppleganger in a graveyard in some type of opium-fueled haze.After that I was asked to protect some british girl while she tries our cuisine, after a few murders of the royal gaurd to show off my powerful protection skills, I was banished from the British Embassy for some reason...After running into what I believed was my undead doppleganger, a little kid asked me to find an item in the harbor. After finding said item, I celebrated with what I call ""The Happy Time Crimson Dance"". There were no survivors at the harbor that day.Then some type of competition happened where I ended up beating my oppenents to death with a fish. Impressed with my fish-wielding abilities, some old guy ended up inviting me for some stew.10/10 Would become stew for the elderly again."
,Recommended,312780,17897168,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mecha-K9,"Way of the Samurai 4 does what the previous 3 games failed to accomplish. This game provides you with a rich world with endless possibilites, promoting tons of replay value and varied missions.There is always something to do.- Start your own dojo.- Help the British Ambassador- Help the Blacksmith find a Successor- Help the homeless- Help the Magistrates- Assassinate the Minister- Help the Anti-Foriegn extremists- Sleep with women- Take jobs from pedestrians- Fight duelists- Create your own sword- Eat exotic and local cuisine- Purchase new Clothing, Hairstyles, and accessories- Kill or use blunt attacks- fist fight- Use spears and rifles- Learn English- Rudely interupt people during a cutscene to offend them with a clever joke- Interupt a cutscene by withdrawling your sword and attackingThe list goes on and on. This game is a ton of fun, and is a good port. I highly recommend for those who love japanese culture, like free roam games, and want something goofy to play for hours."
,Recommended,312780,17259078,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Snarfff,"╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Short Version ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩TLDR:One of the better ports from a console game yet. A mix of spaghetti-western and samurais, this craft your own adventure keeps you coming back for more via the multiple styles of combat, the various types of decisions you have to make, and the multiple different endings. For $20, this was a purchase I don't regret for a second.Since my initial review they have added keyboard/mouse optimization which has improved it significantly. I still personally prefer a controller, but one is no longer required.My rating:4.5out of5╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Long Version ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩Pros:Multiple different fighting styles;between swords, spears, and hand to hand/unarmed combat, the vast amount of different fighting styles can keep you experimenting for days, eventually leading you to crafting your own unique style (which you can share amongst your own dojo!)Craft your own story;in every sense of the word, the decisions you make in the game ultimately craft out how the story unfolds. Want to be a heartless, xenophobic samurai who only uses his fists? YOU CAN!Well done port;it's a big surprise in the market nowadays when a port from a console game actually works well. This is probably the most pain-free console port I've played to date. I've had zero graphical issues, no problems with the interface, FPS isn't stuck at some ungodly low number that makes the game skip around.Neutral:You need a controller to play the game;the mouse/keyboard is so dreadfully awful that you really shouldn't even bother trying. Even with switching around the bindings to suit your needs, it's just painful. Grab a cheap wired 360 controller (or equivalent) if you don't already have one just to save yourself the frustration.Lack of graphical options;while the port is extremely well done, there is a very limited number of settings you can adjust when it comes to the graphics. I'd be a bit cautious if you were just below the minimum requirements simply due to the lack of adjustable features.Updated:They've added a few adjustable settings to fiddle around with; I have not messed with them much, but its a welcome addition.Cons:The torturing""mini-games"";this is just a personal issue, but I found something about these games slightly unsettling and unnecessary. Not so much the concept of them, I just feel like the game itself could have done so many different things than a torture mini-game. It feels like a short-sighted decision on making something ""edgy"".╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦ Conclusion ╦╩╦╩╩╦╩╦╦╩╦╩╩I'm extremely happy that they've brought one of the WotS series to the PC, and it has set a wonderful benchmark for the rest. While each playthrough may take between 45 minutes and 2 hours (maybe longer if you choose), the vast amount of options add an insane amount of depth and replay value to the game.There are some short comings with the game itself, but that is all a matter of personal opinion. I found a few of the fighting styles to be a bit clunky (and some downright worthless), but it doesn't take away from the core game itself.For newcomers, I recommend starting on Easy just to get comfortable with the game. Plus, you'll unlock more weapons/styles/accessories/etc for your next playthrough.I hope you found this review useful. If you have any questions or comments, give me a shout!"
,Recommended,312780,19359807,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Buttercup,"Accidentally took my sword out in a Sushi restaurant and had to kill the bodyguard there. The Sushi master ran outside and called the police and I got arrested by some woman who likes to torture men with a ""special"" punishment.Left the prison and found a woman in the middle of the street. Greeted her and told her the sun is beautiful. For some reason she asked me to wait for her tonight. The game forced me to attack her to sleep with her.Stole a rotten rice ball from someone's grave. Ate it and it gave me super powers. Accidentally bumped into a sailor, the whole town started chasing me and tried to kill me. Hid in Little Britain. A hobo asked me to join his secret society. I told him to leave me alone, who does he think I am? Left the hobo gang and tried my luck in the casino. Won 4 chips at poker. Tried to cash in the chips. Chose something worth 10 chips. Thought it would tell me ""you don't have enough chips for that, try something else"". Instead, whole casino full of foreigners with guns and spears started attacking me. Nowhere to run. Tried to wake up the naked dancer on the couch. No luck. Died.All this happened before I even got my second cut scene into the main story."
,Recommended,312780,17217631,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zeroko,"This game is really cool, it literally gives you freedom to do whatever you want:- Do you want to pick girls and get into bed with them, without caring about anything else? Sure, why not- Do you want to be a hero, a savior of Japan? Go ahead- Do you want to be a master Samurai, with your own Dojo and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fine, let's do this- Maybe you want to be an assassin, killing people with no reason? You actually can.The fun part about this game are these multiple endings, and man, some are really well written (and fun too!) Also you can collect different fighting styles that gives you new moveset for your weapons (Sword, Lance, Bare hand and RIFLES) In fact, you can even make your own weapons and fighting styles.The controls feels responsive (at least on a 360 pad, I had no issues or whatsoever) and the combat is fun, with a lot of things to discover for each style (yes, styles do level up too) I read that people tried to play with a keyboard and mouse, and it was a nightmare for them, so a controller is a must.That said, graphics are subpar, don't expect some AAA stuff here, it only runs at 30 fpsThe game has some terrible glitches and bugs that might be really annoying and upsetting. For the record, crashes at the new game option, black screens, save data not loading, and the worst of all, AUDIO DISTORTIONS (AKA EAR♥♥♥♥♥♥ But, the developers are actually patching the game here and there.I highly recommend this game if you like samurai style stories, RPGs and beat em' ups, you'll have a blast, but be advised, the glitches are rage inducing"
,Recommended,312780,17243855,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,RagingRapscallion,"A strange but fun title. Good choice for people who like samurai/ronin stories and Action RPGs.The game is supposed to be finished (or not if you choose to not load after death) multiple times, during which you make different choices and have different influence on the game world to get all of the 10 possible endings. You do so by helping one of the factions fighting for their ideals or spreading chaos as best you can.The port has its issues (mainly sound distortion which appears randomly and a 30 FPS lock which is not very noticeable though. Gamepad highly recommended because the keyboard controls are as abstract as you would expect from a japanese developer) but it doesn't hurt the gameplay if you are able to overlook a few flaws for the games unique experience. If unsure wait for a sale."
,Recommended,312780,17262829,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,theblakhole,"Walking around Little Britian trying to find someone who speak Japanesse. When this one guy come up to me to tell me how to save. But when he got up to me he was standing by a train track, so mid-sentence a train just came and run him over before I could find out how to save....10/10 BEST GAME OF THE YEAR EVER YEAR"
,Recommended,312780,17243707,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jehst,"You're like a Japanese Robin Hood, except you steal from the rich and the poor and keep it all for yourselfHaha filthy baka gaijins"
,Recommended,312780,32518133,Posted: 17 June,all,The Glorious Potato,"I'd save the world, but I'm too busy beating up random blonde ladies to make them join my dojo so I can do the sex with Sensei."
,Recommended,312780,17409313,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Neno,I have no idea what's going on
87656789545677234,Recommended,312780,20384533,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eugene of Savoy,"Is it perfect? NoIs it the best game ever? NoAre the graphics up to date? NoDoes it run well? God noIs it hard? YesIs the combat good? Ehm....Is the story good? EHM.........Does it cost alot? Somewhat yesIs it worth it? YESIs it fun? Omg yesCan I kill british people? Ehm, if you really want to then yesWill I like it? If you are a special person like meShould I buy it? If you are unsure wait for a sale, this gem will wait for you to playYour child does not need to be perfect for you to love it, love it for what it is and how it makes you feel9/10"
76561198045733495,Recommended,312780,23663999,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,McPants Act 2,>make character>get sword>throw that weak♥♥♥♥♥♥on the ground>punch my enemies to death>realize my true potential and don the suit>become Captain Business>keep Japan free from crime as the greatest super hero to grace the entire human race>all the girls want me for my wonderful crime fighting body>help the British fight the local rebels>assist the homeless>gamble constantly in a game I don't understand>buy cat ears>learn I can have a dojo about 6 hours in>punch some thug into submission>he joins my dojo>run a dojo where I train my new mini-heroes>attempt to punch old ladies to get them to join my cause>punch those who would oppose me and my dojo>defeat the pansy rebels>get worshipped by the strange english folk>become a true punch-god who all fearI have become the truly ascended punch lord and I now know all there is to know about life and the art of the fist
76561198040924074,Recommended,312780,17408766,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Vagabond X,"“Great sword-swinging fun!  A good game that has suffered (then mostly recovered) from console import issues.” (8/10)Pros:- Fun and challenging combat – easy to learn the basics, difficult to master, not a button masher for the most part- Short but well written, branching storylines- Player actions/choices matter- Plot twists!!! (Again, player choices actually matter.)- Massive replay valueCons:- Issues as an console import – includes occasional audio and graphics bugs, random game freezes/crashes, keyboard controls are cumbersome at best (glitches have improved drasticly after patches)- Bootstrap method (money --> upgrade weapons --> harder quests --> more money --> repeat) character progression required during early hours of gameplay- “Choices Matter” mechanic can be unforgiving at times, requires a “save early, save often, and in different slots” approach.- Later fights may be a bit too difficult/hardcore for casual players (player vs. 25 mobs just as strong as them), even when playing on “Easy” mode.Overall, Way of the Samurai 4 has been a terrific game for me.  Fun but challenging gameplay has been paired with great characterization and fantastic storytelling, to present a game that virtually has it all.  The branching plot lines are easy to follow thanks to the Event calendar, but pack surprise twists as your every action can affect the plot…  This game certainly deserves the “Choices Matter” tag.  In my case, I accidently killed the pharmacist NPC during a street brawl, only to find out he was needed for a later story event (and a scene reminding you he had been killed was included as part of the quest!).  There is so much to do that it is quite impossible to accomplish everything in a single play-through, and the game has been designed as such, having the bulk of your inventory and consequences for some of your actions carry over to the next save.  As a result, WotS4 also benefits from immense replay value."
76561197973249389,Recommended,312780,17231941,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Bicolindo,"I do recommend the game. The price is not unreasonable and if you get it on a sale it's absolutely worth it. While I understand the frustration of the players complainig about the DLC not being included, even though it was promised, however I would say that even without the DLC it's worth the buy.There some visual bugs (wich the devs seem to be trying to fix) and the graphics are indeed not very good, but they aren't that bad that you'll fell grossed out by them.My major frustrations with the game are: - Lack of Evolution In The Series. Since Way of the Samurai 2 the game has changed very little in the way of content and extention. It's still a very simillar game. Considering the life span and console progression we should at least see a bigger map, but that didn't happen. If you liked the previous ones you will very likely like this one too, but also won't find anything surprising either. What the previous games did right are here, on the other hand what they didn't should also still be. The changes made were minor enough that preference over any game on the series really comes down to taste and the tuning of each system. By now this game should have already found the footing of these systems and moved on the greater things (expanding the map, more interactions, longer story, prettier graphics, more factions, etc). Also the story here feels similar as well (mostly to the WotS2) where you have Yakuza/Thugs (in this case the Prajnas, similar to the Aoto gang) versus Government (tries to maintain the peace but is riddled with corrupt characters, coming across as cruel sometimes), so even in storyline the evolution is a very slow.- Lack of Mouse Support. Honestly it doesn't bother me that bad. The game is, without a doubt, playable, even with no gamepad. It's not really convenient or comfortable however. The devs do seem to be working to implement support ASAP so this shouldn't remain a problem anymore.- The Decision to Lock Down Some Areas Further in The Game. This basically makes some quests you pick up along the way useless, but the game doesn't tell you that the area is locked down (so you have to know when this happens and keep track of it yourself), so it seems a little schizophrenic when it gives you a quest in the magistrates office, lets you accept said quest and, when you get there, it's impossible to get in, even though the game will mark the spot you have to go to in the minimap."
,Recommended,312780,17282705,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Potatti,"You play as a samurai from far away land, who just happens to get in the middle of a political war and it is completely up to you what you want to pursue during your visit.You are not forced to take part in any of the story elements if thats your choice, infact, right when you arrive, you can simply turn on your heels and leave the town. Alternatively you can choose to side with one of the various ""factions"" and help them achieve their goal, if you regret your choice, you are free to simply turn against them instead.Various other elements are thrown into the mix with missions that either drive the town into chaos or help turn it into a more safe haven for the citizens. If none of that sounds like your thing, you can go around having sexy time with the town folk, gambling, running your own dojo or just causing havoc and eventually getting arrested and tortured.At the end of each playthrough, be it by dying or finishing a story, your run will be evaluated and you'll gain samurai points based on your actions and how samurai-like your life was, which in turn you will be able to spend on various, mostly visual, unlocks for your next run.In short, if you do end up liking the game, theres tons and tons more of fun to find, granted it might get a bit repetive but thankfully you can skip through all the dialogue you have already been through.TL:DRA very fun game, with a bunch of humor, open story for you to pursue as you wish and tons of replayability.Do note that there are various crash issues that MIGHT affect you, I've only had some audio disortion myself, which was just fixed in a patch. Also the game runs at 30fps, if you can't deal with that, just close this page."
,Recommended,312780,18213162,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"I really love this whole series. Just a fan of the whole scenery and martial arts stuff.Basically the whole series; a poor lonesomecowboysamurai enters a town in turmoil. Will this be the hero of the day? Or just another scavenger plucking the leftovers of a coming war...This time around, it's in a time and place where the British have arrived.There's multiple endings depending on what you do. You can side with the factions, or even ignore their troubles entirely. And there's a battle tournament to join, either for one of the factions you side with, or for your own fame and fortune. Oh, and you can even start your own little business; becoming a Dojo master.A few results of the events can carry over to the next game, which changes your options a bit with the ""new game+"".There's also a bit of funny stuff going on here'n there and a few side missions.And obviously ""countless"" of swords and fighting styles to see in action."
,Recommended,312780,17772690,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,George Foreman (btw im a grill),Slept with all the kawaii crazy daughters and then had them water torture me to death. Best 50 shades of grey game ever.
76561198020313281,Recommended,312780,17357332,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,BaconflavouredCockmuffin ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"I have known about this game since it's release for the PS3, yet I never purchased it due to me not being willing to buy a console for one or two games I want to play and now my patience has finally paid off. I waited for its release ever since I saw it on steam's upcoming releases and it was worth the wait.The game does so many things right:+Support any faction you want+Host your own Dojo and create your own style+Vast customization options for your character (which have to be unlocked first)+Several difficulties and many unlockables+A multitude of endings and the ability to NG+ as often as you wish+Dialogue choices allowing you to turn situations serious, hilarious, hostile or peaceful+Many, in my opinion, likeable characters that you can choose to side with+Actions in one playthrough can cross over to the next playthrough+The possibility to manually replace all the music of the gameMy only complaint is the need for a controller, but I expected it so it doesn't really matter to me.I hope they release a few of the older ones and I will look forward to the day Way of the Samurai 5 is announced as well."
,Recommended,312780,18802019,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Indie Memes.,"Hour 1: Beating people to death with fists to save Durability.Hour 5: Have a good enough sword for General combat.Hour 10: Kills everyone that crosses path on Normal.Hour 20: Learn everything about smithing system.Hour 30: Begin Farming End-game items.Hour 40: Finish breaking Ogre Isle 732 times. Sort through Thousands of Sword Parts to make Life&Death swords.Hour 50: Ubreakable Ogre Isle, maxed damage revolver. Dual Swords with two Life&Death perks each. Undefeatable.Hour 60: Feel content with becoming the god of a small japanese port town. Raining bullets down on enemies while they all try in vain to deplete my infinitely regenerating stamina.What to do at hour 70?Dethrone the old gods, and replace them as an omnipotent green skinned fish-man with an afro."
,Recommended,312780,17431582,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Leonair,"Never knew the life of a Ronin had so many things going for it until this game.It taught me that the life of a Ronin consists of:Beating people to a pulp with the dull side of your sword and making them your pupil.Killing other Ronins while using a fish as a sword.Dressing up as Kenshin Himura and wandering around.Putting on as many accessories as possible.Disassembling cool swords so you can make your own and name it something cooler.Making phallic thrusting gestures at Japanese bar-maids with your british marine bros.Consensual night time fantasy break-in kinks.Putting way too much effort into trying to see if you could get with those foreign ladies.Then putting way too much effort into trying to see if you could get with that one British chick.Eating poison mushrooms and rotten Onigiri.Trying to steal some stuff from a pack of rabid dogs in a cemetery.Dueling a pretty swordswoman and telling her that if you win, she has to ""partake of my loins.""Stimulate some British guy so hard, he becomes a sushi chef disciple.Telling random girls on the street to open their borders. Allllllllllll of them.When that doesn't work, telling them that ""My boat docks at your harbor tonight.""Having the blacksmith work on your sword and then skip out on the bill.Bump into self while wandering around and then start fighting yourself.Getting boiled with some other Ronins, samurais, warriors and stuff due to the things you've done.Walking around town in a Fundoshi like ""What up, i got a Bigshot Laundry Pole.""Enjoy some masochistic torture time when you've been ""bad"".I'm still not bored.10/10"
,Recommended,312780,22815872,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Yoj,"Way of the Samurai 4 is a game where a visual novel meets an action-packed samurai flick. It's really hard to categorize. You have an extensively branching plot and non-linear events from a visual novel on one hand, and elaborate combat, upgrading, crafting systems along with an open game world on the other. It's a rare and unique experience one should try themselves.Way of the Samurai 4 is set in a post-isolationist Japan, with the country being more and more influenced by the foreigners, with some of the natives being ok with it and some of them - not so much. The stage is set in Amihama city, and you have 5 days to become part of the events and resolve the struggle in one way or the other. So how do you change the fate of Japan in just 5 days? By taking part in story-based and side-missions of course! The game has huge replay value, as almost every mission has different endings, and completing them will unlock something new in the game world or the story. Your event progress and opportunities are conveniently illustrated by a built-in flowchart, so you'll never miss anything.So, how extensive is the story branching? You have three main routes with ending variations and an independent samurai route, which makes for 10 different endings combined. Like in a good movie, every branch and ending gives you a piece of a bigger picture of the events in Amihama. So it's not like a regular game which you beat once and put on the shelf — it's meant to be cleared multiple times in different ways. This is where having a story span of only five days comes in handy.To make things more interesting, the results of your actions are transferred between playthroughs, as are your belongings, skills and the in-game flowchart. You've managed to convince the smithy's apprentice to return to his trade and succeed as the town's blacksmith? He'll be there working as a blacksmith in your next playthrough. You've been too aggressive in the town, acting as a bandit? Don't be surprised to find more patrols, as a response to the increased crime-rate. There are also other, more subtle changes.With all the dialogues and decisions, this is still an action, combat-centered game. The combat system features multiple weapons, skills, stances and styles, but there's more to it: you have the ability to craft new weapons and improve existing ones, you can also fight melee or even switch to non-lethal moves (Kojima's Seal of Approval), you can even create your own unique fighting styles! So it's easy for those who just picked the game up, and sophisticated enough to give something fresh to seasoned players.Now, technical side of the things. Way of the Samurai 4 is a port of a niche PS3 game back from 2012, which wasn't AAA even back then. Some things were ported as is and were not improved from PS3:- 30 FPS lock;- Game world is divided in lots of rather small locations;- Texture resolution left as is. Game has nice visual style, though;- Save system still has limited amount of slots;The default keyboard controls were made by scattering actions all over the keyboard. The problem shows itself when it occurs to you that you either need to move your hand from WASD / the mouse to do something, or grow a spare hand. The mouse support is ok, but still, using a gamepad is highly recommended.Despite every port-related problem and keyboard controls, this is a fun game to play and a unique experience that you probably won't find anywhere else. Most people have missed this gem, both upon its original PS3 release and this PC port, with SteamSpy estimating sales at less than 50K copies. Don't be like them! Amihama city awaits you for a samurai showdown.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow theCRIMINALLY Low Salessteam curator."
,Recommended,312780,17197111,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Lovalc,I got arrested 3 times and met the love of my life.
76561198082046639,Recommended,312780,17274587,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mr. X,"You know, when i read there is an ending called ""Boiled Samurai"" i thought i would be badass and unphased by anything so i followed that story line first    ...     i was not disappointed.10/10 would get boiled again."
,Recommended,312780,32891915,Posted: 27 June,all,Burt,"I really love this game, the combat, the events, the characthers, the samurai titles and points to unlock more stuff for new playthroughs I love it all and want to Marry it. If it wasnt for some bugs due to japan not being good with pc ports this game would be perfect, I also play in windowed mode which may be a reason for almost no crashes compared to some of the other reviewers."
,Recommended,312780,17200120,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,@MeduMegu | Si Kere,"The only game that you can go around town wearing only boxer pants or ふんどし (read: loincloth) without getting arrested or getting judged by the public.Even when you're talking with girls, they won't get scared because you look like a pervert.The game itself really sums the ""Don't judge the book by its cover"" proverb.Oh yeah, flirting in this game can trigger the ""Night crawl"" event where you'll xxxxxx (No need for me to explain this).If you're into BDSM, try stealing or breaking things in front of a police, thief-taker or shogunate. They will arrest you and send you to the torture chamber. (where the magic happens)Don't forget to visit a shop/stall to buy things and choose ""Don't pay"" because why do you need to pay? huh, why? seriously why?Ahh I almost forget, always take a photo to store your soul because you might not know what will kill you later. (Death is unpredictable).The game got multiple endings and how to achieve your goals in this game is up to you. Purely Open-World.You can choose to become ethical samurai, perverted samurai, ruthless samurai, etc. It's all up to your choice.Have fun trying various combination in this game!"
,Recommended,312780,19424736,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,pepemustard,AlwaysALWAYSPay the blacksmith.
76561197964373272,Recommended,312780,17502507,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ninjazz,"Ever wanted to be a samurai?To throw caution to the wind and run around town in a loincloth, brandishing a sword?To beat people senseless, then force them to join your dojo?Or how about sneaking into someone's house at night to wisk little old ladies away to the inn for a frolic?If you said yes, to any of these things, this could be the game for you!WOTS4 isn't a game for everyone. I've heard a lot of people say something to the extent of ""It's like GTA in fuedal Japan!""...which isn't quite accurate.The game IS open world, and it does have quite a few things you can do in it, but about the only real similarity here is the open world part.The story isn't anything amazing, and the game is pretty short, but the fact that your decisions and actions (or even inactions) will have a big impact on the story is a big plus. This also affects the ending you will get, as there are several different ones.Fail to protect someone during a fight? No, the game's not over, but that character is now dead. You will go on.It also has a pretty quirky (and at times perverse) sense of humor that reminds me of some of the old Japanese samurai drama/comedy shows. It doesn't take itself too seriously, and clearly doesn't expect you to either.The game isn't without it's faults though, and many of them are pretty easy to see. The AI isn't the most brilliant. People in town will walk around, bump into each other frequently, and either apologize or end up picking a fight.The scripted scenes at times look like everyone's waiting for the ""slower"" character to realize he's supposed to say something. Animations aren't always the best, and the graphics, while they do the job, aren't exactly stunning. There's also the shortness. It took me just over 2 hours to beat the game on my first play-through. (Though I focused pretty heavily on the main story, and didn't do many sidequests.)There's a lot of good though, that really overpowers the faults. The game is actually fun. The corny humor is refreshing, and there's plenty of things to do in the game.The sword fighting system is quite nice, and responsive. On easy mode button mashing might get you through most things, but on higher difficulties you'll need to be more careful. I also love the variety of skills, weapon upgrades/mods, fighting stances, and so on that you can use.The number of endings and different ways of playing mean that even though the game is short, it has a pretty good amount of replay value.Overall:Pros:-Fun Gameplay-Quirky humor-You can be a naked samurai with an afro, and mustache, and nobody cares.-Replay Value-Your choices direct the story-Lots of character, weapon, and fighting style customization options.-You can try to pick up women and get rejected, just like in real life!-The old blacksmith looks like an asian Duke Nukem.-At $25, it's pretty inexpensive.Cons:-Rather Short-Graphics reveal it's a PS3 port.-Oddball glitches here and there (though they're more funny than harmful.)-Cut scenes are pretty robotic, though entertaining.-Kinda stupid AI.Overall I'd give it a 7.5/10, mostly from sheer fun value.Would be a naked samurai getting rejected by old ladies again."
,Recommended,312780,17858796,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,holyorda,If you like anime/samurai's/ninjas/being a badass/quirky Japanese humor...then please...do yourself a favor and get this game RIGHT NOW!
,Recommended,312780,17267954,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,V,was jailed for picking up a whetstone and had to brace myself for a spankingwould recommend
76561198032557369,Not Recommended,312780,17381732,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,koeslter,"Grade: C+It could be a fun game if you don't mind playing on easy or the massive amount of grind. Plays kinda like Dead Rising, but with much worse game mechanics. The story is better in some ways... but you'd be mostly disappointed if story is what you want.Before we begin, let's take a look at some screenshots of how broken the game can be:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=499680903http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=499681013http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=499680938Pros:1. The game doesn't take itself too seriously and you can make very silly characters if you want.2. Customizing your own style/weapon can be fun... if you can get pass the ridiculous amount of grinding it will take (see Cons - point 5 & 6 below).3. The ""True"" ending is kinda nice... but it's not enough to save the game from it's bad designs/mechanics.Cons:1. The game lacks a good tutorial. For example, the charm system of your weapons. What do they do? How to activate them? None of that is explained in game, ever. Go online to find out more!2. It's trying to have a ""tactical"" comabt system, whereas every action should be calculated, at least for higher difficulty when even regular mobs can one-hit-k.o you. However, there's no counter to grab moves (unless you have the ""Pitching"" charm). On the other hand, ""just-in-time"" blocks are very hard to achieve. Basically, since it's very risky to play ""defensively,"" most players just play ""offensively"" - meshing guard-break combos (if you watch any ""walktrhough"" video online, that's how most players fight too). Does that sound fun to you? If you like meshing combos, maybe look into ""musou"" style games like Dynasty Warriors or Samurai Warriors, etc.3. Weapon degrades way too quickly, especially on harder diffculties. It's not uncommon to have your fully repaired weapon break in the middle of a long fight.4. In order to level up your skills/style, it take a long time to grind. And there are many styles to learn. And don't forget your weapon will degrade during fights.5. Did I mentioned there are many styles to learn? The style drops are random too - even from unique characters that appear once per playthrough. You finally fight against Sensei or Dojima, hoping to learn their kickass style... but they don't drop any (even after kicking their bodies to make sure). So you get into another playthrough again...6. Want to make your own weapon? Let me warn you first that you'd be playing slot machines, praying to gamblers' God that you could roll a good charm on rare weapon parts. Say you got a weapon you like - now you'd need to break it down for its weapon parts. However, the charms on the weapon parts are random. So you'd re-load a save hoping to get a good charm on at least one weapon part...7. The story and characters are quite cliche and ""standard..."" generally you can almost guess what's going to happen next in the plot. The only redemption would be the True End ""(Light of Hope) path, but getting to that ending requires a lot of work.---TL;DR: if you don't mind a mostly bland story, funky combats and serious hours of grinding, then you may like this game. Otherwise, there are better games to play."
,Recommended,312780,30930286,Posted: 3 April,all,Papa Echo™,"As much as people play this game for the quirkiness, I completely and utterly loved the gameplay and story. I just finished my fifth playthrough and I got the ""true"" ending and my god, was it worth the amount of occassional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I had to go through. It was the only ""happy ending"" that genuinely made me happy. The combat is in-depth and the game has amazing replay value. I don't care if it's on sale or not - get it. Give it a few playthroughs and you'll find yourself invested in the game's story. Most people say that looking at a guide for this game is blasphemous, but if you can't manage to get the good ending, just look for a guide. It's really worth it."
,Recommended,312780,28330008,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kasser,"What will you like about it:+ A Sandbox Samurai game.+ While the story is short (can be completed in 2 hours if you got passed the learning curve of the game) but the story can be branched in multiple different paths (almost similar to Zero Escape Series). It is also not possible to cover every mission in one playthrough because one story path will cancel the other alternative paths.+ Awkwardly funny+ It is fun to customize swords and fighting styleWhat you may dislike:- Outdated graphics and animations- Writing, voice acting and some characters are extremely awkward or bad. You could say it is ""so bad, it's funny"" as there weren't any annoying moments other than the guards shouting the same words over and over.- Not much to explore. You could see every location in the game in around 30 min.- Bad production value. Lots of missing sound effects in cutscenes and lots of quiet moments with no ambient sounds or soundtrack to support it. The developers were obviously on budget while developing this game.PC Performance:- This is a ported game from console by a Japanese developer. Therefor, you won't see much customization at all.- It is better to play with an xbox controller (fully supported)- Game does crash to desktop when you try to setup your resolution or other settings. However during Gameplay I did not get a crash to desktop.Final word:If you like Japanese culture and Samurais, you got to try this game especially when it goes on sale. It is not a masterpiece by far but you will definitly enjoy it."
,Recommended,312780,18269852,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nope.,"Such a great little game. It might be confusing that the whole game revolves around a few days of story, but once you undersood about all the side quests and choises the scope of content becomes clear.A LOT of stances, Swords, dual swords, Spears, Martial Arts, even gun stances. The accuracy of the sword stances and move sets is just great, if you enjoy sword fighting then this is a great game for you.EDIT: You probably want a controller for this game."
,Recommended,312780,17226819,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Grifon Eddie,"I believe it's fair to say first that I've been a fan of the series since the original game on the PS2 so I'm a little biased. Before writing this review I have beated the game twice. Also I added a TL;DR at the end.Way of the Samurai 4 is still at heart an open-world (Still limited to a city but open to explore) action game with some light RPG elements, you're let loose in the town of Amihama which then you make your owns choices as to how you're going to proceed in town, right at the tutorial you'll realize the town is torn between 3 factions which you can ally yourself to them or not so much there are options hidden in it's story. This is an aspect of the game which is interesting you're given freedom to make your choices said choices will ultimately affect the ending and give you some insight of the plot in different perspectives. It's not the best written story but it's not bad either.The tone of the game's story isn't very serious some characters are obviously evil on the border of being cartoonish and some activities such as the nightcrawling missions are quite silly.Visually the game is simply not pretty, I'd say it's a high-res PS2 or very early PS3 looking game it goes to show that the game was either made on a very tight budget or in a short ammount of time if not both, for those looking for something pretty to look at you won't find it here. I've also experienced minor graphical bugs, nothing game breaking but usually smoke effects and other transparencies haven't been meshing with the background so well, this is mostly on cut-scenes so it didn't get in the way of the fights.Action is good enough, the gameplay system seems to mix of a lot of elements of all previous games it seems very messy at first and the tutorials don't give all the information required to fully understand. You have two attack button a light and a heavy slash with some combos or moves mixing the buttons while pushing forward, back or while defending. You can parry attacks, use command throws, learn new moves, craft new weapons or upgrade the ones dropped by your enemies, health is handdled differently, instead of just having an HP bar you also have a vitality bar, this acts like a reserve for HP which you fill by eating food and it'll regenarate your health once you're out of battle or defending, it's strange at first but this gives an extra incentive to go to the restaurants or even to use food in battle (Just try to get some distance first).You'll have access to 3 main types of weapons, swords, spears and fists, you can upgrade your fighting style by ... well, staying alive and killing people but also each weapon has different styles with different moves, most are just minor variants of a stance but they do give some diversity despite that not all styles seem to be very useful. You also have to keep track of your weapon durability since swords and spears can break, you can repair it using items or paying the blacksmith. Also you can change between 3 equipped weapons at once and even reversing the sharp side of the blade so you don't kill your oponents (Some missions require you to keep them alive)Sound design is ok, the soundtrack is still good, not as remarkable as previous soundtracks by Noriyuki Asakura (His work on the Tenchu series was better) but it'll still set the mood for some feudal Japan samurai action.The game has quite a lot to do, since it keeps track between plays it'll record just about everything you do and grade you when you either die or finish the game, it's not very long but since the game has 10 different endings there's plenty of reason to start fresh, most of your items carry over between sessions, once you start collecting and upgrading your weapons, you can start the game again with a better sword making the early part of the game much easier. There are also plenty of side-quests to either make money or that'll give you access to new things such as the ability to speak English with foreigners (Which includes flerting with the ladies), there's so much to do that in just in two playthrus I already got 12 hours out of it and didn't get much.Considering this was ported from the PS3 to PC, it has been running smoothly from day one, with just a few weird but minor sound and visual bugs but no crashes, although the game is locked in 30fps it didn't feel like it got in the way so much, I'd say it's a perfectly functional port.TL;DR: If you like adventure games with some ocasionally challenging fights and good replayability, this game should suit your needs, if you're looking for a visually impressive game or a narrative masterpiece this isn't it. So far the game has me hooked just like WotS 1 and 2 there is still a lot to find and experiment."
76561198093065546,Recommended,312780,17229591,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Alias:SamGray,"I was a big fan of the first two Way of the Samurai games on PS2 and probably logged hundreds of hours on each of them, but I never got to play the third or fourth games because I never made the leap to PS3/Xbox 360.  As such, I'm thrilled to have Way of the Samurai 4 on Steam.  Being a big fan of the older games, I'm admittedly predisposed to liking this, and the game so far seems to be a good continuation and expansion of what the series has offered in the past.Branching storyline with multiple endings?  CheckHuge array of weapons to collect?  CheckWarring factions to assist or impede Yojimbo-style?  CheckHuge replayability factor?  CheckThere seem to be a large number of character customization options to unlock this time as well, which is a welcome addition.  The weapon customizaton options seem nice as well, and I like that movesets are now tied to collectible ""styles"" instead of to the weapons themselves.If you are a fan of earlier games in the series and have never played this game, picking it up should be a no-brainer.  If you've never played the series before, there are no barriers to entry here.  It's not like you have to know lore from previous games or anything like that.  Any fan of old Samurai movies or open-ended games should give it a try.*Editing this review for the 2016 Steam awards.  This is my nomination for the ""We Didn't Think of Everything"" category, and my suggested category is ""Game Most in Need of a Sequel.""  I'd love another one of these.  Such a shame it won't happen."
,Recommended,312780,17191901,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Mojo Flow,"It's kind of like Sun Tzu's ""The Art of War"" except you sleep with a lot of woman and have no ethical code at all."
,Recommended,312780,32738995,Posted: 24 June,all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,"man i ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameo also i literally haven't crashed once, so it's prolly a win10 thing"
,Recommended,312780,26957121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Fonz,You can have your own anime harem dojo 10/10.
,Recommended,312780,27520658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DrunkEngland,"For those new to the Way Of The Samurai series. It may seem super confusing at first. The first playthrough will be super confusing and will question what the hell this game is and if you should return it. To that I say, DONT YOU F***ING DARE. Way Of The Samurai is a deep game in a small setting. Multiple sword styles to learn (including bare fist and ninja skills) many many many endings. Not one playthrough is the same unless you purposfuly do it the same, as you have to make a choice at every point for a different ending. Or dont? Maybe you just want to start your dojo, or just roam around killing people. The freedom in this game is immense to the point it may seem like too much. Along with that theres a simple yet rewarding combat system where the more skilled you become the better the fights are, you will have issues fighting more than one person, but once you gain skill you can dispatch a group of enemies with ease. Now the cons are the small setting, you are in a small town with only a few places to visit and even then they are small areas so you may feel cramped, some of the characters are....not great. Some characters have a good backstory and some just seem silly but theres many types out there so you have enough variety. It may take a playthrough or two, but if you immerse yourself in the game it is brilliant4/5 beers."
,Recommended,312780,27509649,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jimbot,"The best way to describe Way of the Samurai 4 is to call a choose-your-own-adventure game. Your character is a voiceless blank slate whose personality never changes but the choices you make in the game effect other characters and the state of the world. Certain locations will change, characters will become enemies or allies and your end-goal will change. Within the game is an Event Tracker in which you can see that various story paths and branches you can take.There are also a vast amount of customization options for your samurai. Gender, clothing, accessories, swords, styles, you can customize every bit of it. Accessories can be manipulated in any way and can appears/disappear when your sword is sheathed or you are wielding it. Likewise, you can collect sword parts and design one according to your tastes and as you master different moves, you can create your own style using your favorite movesets you've mastered over the course of your playthroughs.The graphics are servicable. The character models and world are good enough to get you immersed but not enough to WOW you. The combat animations, however, are well-animated and are fun to execute. The combat, likewise, is servicable. It has enough depth to keep things interesting but not so much that it overwhelms novices and not enough to satisfy hardcore fighting fans.Overall, it's a game that can be easily picked up and played. The writing is light-hearted and quirky so it's very easy to get invested in the characters and world and most play-throughs last a couple of hours. You can skip all the storylines entirely and just focus on doing side missions to earn money to buy new clothes and upgrade your swords, or you can focus entirely on the plot. It's a gem of a title that'll entertain if you looking for a different kind of ""open world"" where your decisions change the flow of the story."
,Recommended,312780,27465270,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Momochimaru,My girlfriend got this for me on the PS3 years ago. . .replayed again . . . each playthough feels like another game.Played so much before. . . still discovering new things!LOVE THIS GAME!If you like- Japan- Samurai- Loli- Swords- Customization- Role PlayGET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,312780,17456647,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,"iKonic, the Bamboozler","I'm so glad they release a WotS 4 for computer.I remember playing the second game on PS2, and it was just completely awesome.This game also has excellent customization, and it's very ""make your own choices"".It's a weird mix between Japan's honor and typical swordfighting, and Japan's weirdness.In the same day you get to teach a lesson to three bandits with your straw hat and amazing Iaijutsu skills, but also you get to sneak up to someone's house, uncover her, take her to an inn, and hit her until her clothes disappear, neigh like a horse, jump 10 feet into the air and black out.Then you unlock an achievement for having sex.Forgot to add, it has extreme replay value."
,Recommended,312780,26103204,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Westyn The Magus,"Immediately after starting this game I found myself immersed in another world one of which history has been through. The sandbox story element really lets you choose how you want your destiny to unfold. There are many things in this game that really stand out to me and that's how I'm able to choose the story and how I'm able to alter it. You can go from a simple Renegade, to a hero badass. It all starts off with the Black Ships of Europe and how they stumbled upon Japan. This is a great moment in history this was also when heroin became a popular drug of choice for many people in that era, and still today. You are able to own your own dojo, acquire disciples and learn new styles all of which have their own time-consuming element that makes it even more worthwhile in the game. I recommend this game to anyone who has patience and who has the want to develop their own story.My experience with this game is one of many and I have repeated the story several times trying to find all of the endings to see what could possibly happen. And I still haven't even found them all but your character grows with each playthrough so that everything transferred over including the dojo the weapons you created weapons you've taken. So it allows for many tries the challenge rating grows ever so high each difficulty. I recommend this game 9/10. The only cons are that it's not multiplayer, and there are a few bugs here and there. The reason I say multiplayer is because I would love to tag team the game with a samurai friend. I don't know how it would work but it really sounds fun."
,Recommended,312780,28575178,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Aja,"I tried to assassinate this goverment official, he ended up getting away and i killed about 20 of his guard men. 5 minutes later I had a meal with him, my british loli, and his three daughters.This is a pretty good game i guess"
,Recommended,312780,32871396,Posted: 27 June,all,Melonboy,This game is great and a lot of fun given the many different story endings. It is a shame that so many people are downvoting it just because it crashes a lot. What I found out is that it ALWAYS crashes if you tab out in fullscreen mode. My tip is to just play it in windowed mode and try to tab out as little as possible.
,Recommended,312780,33076809,Posted: 1 July,all,Dr. Death,"This game suffers from the japanese game syndrome.It lasts 5 hours to complete the game, but it has a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of endings, and the point of the game is to 100% the hell out of it.it IS a fun game. Sometimes its B-movie quality tier but its still a fun game with an interesting plot that doesn't try hard to put you in the spotlight, yet you feel important.But dont get to play the game expecting to complete it once or twice and be satisfied. This game is for those that like to replay games over and over and over again to complete them or see every option out there.PS: Although there is a straw hat and sandals, and you can name your character ""Samurai Jack"" there is no white robe/kimono. This is an amazing waste of potential."
,Recommended,312780,17225190,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Harem King,"It really feels like I am in a historic drama, which is funny because every drama has fiction. It is just I can tell if some lines from the completely Japanese voice cast are serious or not, it has it's comedy. To be a no name samurai during what is considered late Tokugawa era is one of the experience of going through a game story path that could end in a few hours. The game tells you that every choice you make effects how the story goes of good or bad, even by how short or long it ends. That is the beauty of how fast you can live or how slow you could die in a cut throat style or fulfilled role. The keyword here is replay-ability, in which is highly valued in a low budget yet high production game though item collection.Recommend using a controller for combat."
76561198044244645,Recommended,312780,17215204,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nom Nom Mother Trucker,"Wanna Be a SAMURAI! Play this game, and live a whole week of being a Samurai. Be warn Fellow PC Master Race Brothers and Sisters, this was a console game, so the keyboard version is a bit hard. J K L O Are Camura movements, but you'll get the hang of it. Some Live, Some Die, It's the Life of the Samurai. Alot of character customization, made my character look like Jin from Samurai Champloo. Beware Female players, You need to get a ton of samurai points in order to unlock Female characters, for now its 3 option of different male. Don't be too cocky, or else your life of a samurai will fall short. The Graphics and Gameplay are at Console Version, But who cares? Way of the Samurai in my book is a 8/10, Would give it more If it were a month in the game, but instead just 1 measly week, And no Auto-saves. So Be sure to save alot, or else you have to suffer through a whole play through again. Also In order to beat the game, You need to think as a Samurai, to be one, or your life will end quickly."
76561198026488663,Recommended,312780,24249045,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Slan,"From a game developer's point of view, Way of the Samurai 4's concept is pure genius: create as few assets as possible and combine them to get as much variety as possible. And in practice, unlike many other such attempts, it works out surprisingly good!From a player's perspective, there are a few things to consider before you dive in though. If you only want to go through the story, then you will probably get the worst ending in 2-3 hours of gametime and will feel let down, not having seen the vast majority of what the game has to offer. If you don't like the goofy humor of the game (you can check the screenshots to get a very good idea), you're gonna have a bad time. If you expect a AAA PC title with next gen graphics and full customizability, you are going to be disappointed since this is the port of a 5 years old console game with only very basic PC options, most of which are in the form of configuration files. (There's nothing inherently wrong with the port though, or at least it worked just fine for me and my XBox 360 controller but your milage may vary.) If you want to play every game on the hardest difficulty, you are probably also going to have a bad time. Although the only two options for a new character are Easy and Normal, these are more like Diablo's difficulty settings. You are not expected to play the higher difficulties with a new character.With all that in mind, there's plenty of ways (of the samurai, wink-wink) to have fun in this game! First of all, you there's the main story with a bad ending, 7 easy to get endings plus 2 hidden endings you can get through manipulating events in previous playthroughs. That's right! The when you get to an ending, you will recieve a score based on how you performed and get Samurai points you can spend on unlocking new features like the Hard and Harikiri difficulty level, special customization options for your character or even new weapon style categories like Dual Wielding and Guns. Then you can start a new platyhrough with the same character, keeping your weapons, styles and also some of the major changes in the village will carry over and those changes will affect your new plathrough!Then there's also the Dojo where you can train pupils and fight challengers who can drop special styles, there's nightcrawling which is a pretty stupid but fun ""dating"" minigame, you can fish, you can do random missions for random NPCs for a little money, you can do questlines for a few named NPCs for lots of money, you can do some epic side quests if you do all questlines and get unique styles and weapons, you can forge your own weapons from parts, you can upgrade your weapons, you can get unlockable enchants on your weapons, you can fight with a fish as a weapon... The list goes on and on.So yeah, I would recommend, if you don't expect it to be too serious and are willing to spend the time to explore the game in multiple playthroughs!"
,Recommended,312780,17379704,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LanPaKing,"It's like playing a main role in a Japanese B grade Samurai movie. If you don't like any of that - B grade movie, Samurai movie, Japanese movie, playing as a samurai and what not, don't get this game."
76561198025942897,Recommended,312780,23913325,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Krainz,"Haven't had this much fun with a game in awhile. If you can get past the production values and awkward controls, there is a really great game underneath. Nothing really to complain about personally.As for the port, it isn't exactly top of the line. No graphical options, and if it bothers you the game is locked at 30fps. Sometimes I have the game chug and lose some frames for a couple of seconds, but it rarely happened.If you don't care about graphical options or 30fps and want a fun, quirky game thats different than other titles on Steam, then go for it! Make sure you play on Easy your first time and don't be afraid of looking at some guides or FAQ's. You might need some guidance your first time."
,Recommended,312780,17431970,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Benny Benakki,"nice game, takes a while to figure the combat controlls out. but its a damn fun game ^^"
,Recommended,312780,17487586,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,IhateEveryone.,yeah this game is okay. killed a dude with a fish. also kicked a dude til he spat up vintage wine.
,Recommended,312780,17252798,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,hotlinedink,"Saw the game on sale, wanted to try something new...This game has more depth than I expected; you can customize your character which is a plus in any open world game, you can fish to make money, do odd jobs for people around the town, open your own dojo and create your own unique style, there is a karma system in place(either be a samurai who follows the code or be an outlaw), multiple playthroughs to get different endings, you got different styles and weapons to choose from so you will not get bored of the same hack n' slash, there is weapon customization, and what I think is the most important point is that the items you unlock/buy go over to the next playthrough.I have spent  a lot of time into this game and haven't even scratched the surface! SO MUCH REPLAY VALUE!I recommend this game if you want to try something new, like samurai era Japan setting, and/or enjoy some crude humour."
,Recommended,312780,20101106,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rabbit Sensei Gaming,"Being a veteran of the first three ""Way of the Samurai"" titles, and the teams original ""Way of the Ninja"", I had pretty high expectations going into the game. And, while they weren't all met, for every expectation not met they had a new aspect added in to make up for it.Now, for a brief ""in-a-nutshell"" rundown of what the seires has always been to start us off:Play as a Samurai; Wander about a town/providence that's dealing with an internal conflict; Get one of multiple endings based on your choices.Now that you're caught up on the basics let me tell you some of that info about this entry to the series.When playing ""Way of the Samurai 4"" one of the first things you'll notice is that the game is HEAVILY story-based, as you watch a multi-part cut-scene that will take around 10 to 15 minutes (though, this is broken up by a tutorial on how to fight, which does keep you in the action). However, this introductory story segment does extremely well at introducing all of the main characters to the player. Allowing us to decide which groups we like, and which ones we don't, right off the bat (though, your perception of the groups will change over time). This, in turn will help you determine whom you wish to assist throughout the game, if any of them.That's right, this story-based game allows you to completely bypass the story, and just do whatever you want to do. So, you can be a noble Samurai warrior, a renegade, a dojo master, or just a person who likes to fish (Though, let's face it, if you're playing a Samurai game, you're in it to kick some♥♥♥♥♥.Now, a big difference in the story aspect of this entry to the series, is that the game provides you hints as to where you can go to progress the story, through the use of an ""events"" option in the pause menu. Whereas the older entries determined what happened to you, based off of where you were at different times of the day, which changed as you moved from area to area in the old games (though, in this entry, time is only passed by either witnessing a story event, or having your character sleep).Personally, I think this change was for the better, as it allows the player to do a lot more, without the risk of missing an event they wanted to interact with.Now, onto the other main aspect of the game: ""The Combat"".Combat, in this game, is not as you would expect it to be (if you're starting the series from here). While a glance would make it look like it's a simple hack-n-slash action game, there's a fair amount of tactical thought that put into each strike (on any difficulty above easy). There are your standard quick and heavy strikes, as well as blocking and dodging, yes. But, there's also different aspects to each move, such as being a guard breaking strike, a push to knock your opponent off their guard, grabs, parrys that counteract pushing strikes (and much, much more!). When fighting in this game, messing up once against an opponent has the chance to mean instant death. So, you need to plan out what your going to do in real time, as you watch your opponent's movements carefully.This kind of combat is much more engaging to the player, and makes every victory feel satisfying.Now...The controls do take a little bit to get used to, and are god aweful if you're playing on keybord (Due to this game being a port of a console game to PC). So, it's highly recommended that you play with an Xbox controller, if possible. I can't say much more about the controls, other than: ""Pay attention to the tutorial"".This game is, in fact, a 30fps game. And, if you're a fps snob, then you're not going to like it. However, the game looks good, and isn't hindered by being at 30fps at all. So, if you're playing to enjoy games rather than frames, you're gonna like what you see.In the end, this game isn't perfect, but it is a lot of fun. And I highly recommend it.Final Score: 8/10"
76561198125227553,Recommended,312780,24661076,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,short_amigo,"Nightcrawling sex game? Check.Amazing dialogue? Check.Going around kicking♥♥♥♥♥as a samurai? Check.Woman by the name of Melinda Megamelons? Double Check. Heh.Being able to have your own dojo and just be a badass? Check.This game is just good. And replayable too. Different endings, styles, moves, etc."
,Recommended,312780,23852121,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Solid Snake,I like this game so far. Lots of choices. Its basiclly Shenmu with swords so far. Im not sure where to go. I am just sleeping in differnt places. I hit the wrong guy at the begining of the game. then got into a sword fight. accidently hit the talk button too fast and surrendered. They tied me to the train tracks in town. I had to scream for help. some bum helped me but took all my stuff as payment for helping me.  All good so far.
76561198000398491,Recommended,312780,17295208,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,mr1029384756,"""I am a woman""QUEST FAILED!Lol, in all seriousness, I am biased about this series since I fell in love with the original game back on PS2. You play as a wandering murder-hobo (aka a ronin) who disambarks off a ship into a port town full of unreasonably-dressed warriors, numerous warring factions, and invincible animals... and I am not kidding about that last bit. You are encouraged to murder-hobo your way into the thick of things, nosily invading the political climate of the town and siding with one (or none) of the factions. You can side with the hilariously-goofy British Consulate, the tediously-boring Pranja Rebellion, the local town guardsmen, or you can sleep in for 4 days straight with no consequence, wake up and then slaughter everyone in a tournament. You can even start your own gym with one of the most proactive of recruiting practices I've ever seen, this side of a streetside preacher -- you beat the ever-living sh!t out of potential recruits, to which they will either accept your brutal teachings or kick you in the shins and walk away.This game has a ton of fun things to do and it is meant to be played multiple times. However, for all that there is good about this game, there is some things that are bad.If you have a serious problem with a 30 FPS game being offered and sold on Steam, best to leave this game alone as the comment section is full of subjective rants arguing about ""objective truths."" Here's the thing, this is a port from console to PC, and a lot of the game's mechanics are tied to a locked FPS. There is more technical details involved with this, but I'd encourage you to PM Ghostlight rather than troll through the discussion boards.Another issue is that this game is a bit of a grind. Because you can play through multiple times, you are encouraged to use the last weapons you used/upgraded so as to improve them futher -- this is necessary on Hard difficulty and above. So yeah, the numerous charms required to make a fully-powered can be tought to get, depending on the weapon and weapon part involved.The last major issue is the Day-One DLC. Here's the thing, none of it (except one, the Shinsengumi DLC) is required as all of the items therein can be found in-game. Its just that a majority of it is rare items and weapons, all of which can be found with their respective owners. Only the Shinsengumi DLC is encouraged to get, and its pretty cheap.If you buy this game and don't like it, then ask for a refund. But if you give this game a chance, it might just surprise you."
76561197974007074,Recommended,312780,17338212,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,"Akimbo Jesus, Radical Mormon","I played 62 hours of this game in 2 weeks and I've loved every bit of it.  (I also recognize after writing this that I wrote it in ridiculous order, but I don't feel like fleshing out a review for this game.  It's good, period).First off, if this game looks trashy to you, then yeah, it kind of is.  The graphics are sub par, it's in subtitles that make you wonder what took so long to port it, and you probably won't figure out how the game works without looking up stuff online.  But Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Thunder Pants is it fun.The game is about an hour long on an average playthrough, but you'll be playing through it many many times.  There are multiple endings, pathways, and you can pretty much pull a sword on anybody in conversation.  It reminds of westerado in fact, minus the changing culprit of the main murder.I should also mention this game typically doesn't take itself seriously.  If you've read other reviews, you probably know that the crime punishment system is an S&M-esque mini-game.  It's not really S&M, it just reminds you of it.  It's mainly deadly traps that would be at home on a saw movie if it had a new coat of blood.  And the other men act like the Gimp from pulp fiction when you try to escape.I usually find japanese stories lame, or at least japanese characterization.  The women are weak, the motivations are cheesy...but I think they did a good job here.  On one playthrough you think you'll have a character figured out, and then another playthrough shows a completely different side of them that you didn't know about, and yet it never feels out of character.  A leader might seem strong and resilient, but you later realize they are dangerously narrow-minded as well.  It's really well done, and I still find myself saying ""Jesus, I didn't know they were like that.""The gameplay is just damn fun.  For such a constricted world of few areas and a short storyline, it feels like GTA.  Sometimes it feels like it gives you more freedom than GTA.  It even reminds me of Skyrim when I start a playthrough going ""I'm gonna be good this time,"" then murdering a bunch of constables because I wanted to level up my sword style.Sword styles man.  That's what probably makes the game.  There are something like 6 or 7 stances in the game, and each stance has 15 or so styles.  The styles sometimes have overlap with others in their stance, but they also have unique moves.  Some even have counter attacks, and one has a move where you simply walk forward without flinching.  When you hit h, you swing your sword at neck level for huge damage.  You collect styles from killing people, and you can also collect their swords (Better swords on harder modes).The modes are very interesting.  Soon enough you'll be one hitting people on easy mode once you upgrade your sword enough at the smith (who you can also fight instead of pay.  Great way to upgrade your sword without spending money is not paying, running away, ending your playthrough at the harbor, and repeating).  Hard mode requires better swords and Harakiri mode requires some dodging and charms, and here's where we get into my gripes.I like charms.  They are passive effects on your sword that you can get from crafting your own swords.  Each sword part can have 3 charm passive effects, and a sword needs 3 of these effects to line up vertically or diagnolly in order to be a full working charm.  If you can get parts with two of the same charm, you can get it to line up in 3 different ways, tripling the charm, but therein lies the problem.  One, only a few of the charms are any good, and that is a waste of space and added frustration to my second gripe.  Getting good charm synergy is pretty much random.  Everytime you disassemble a sword, even if it's the same parts you've used 100 times before, the charms on those parts change.  What people do is get swords, disassemble them into parts, and hope they get a part with double charms.   If they don't, they craft the swords again with the same parts and repeat until they get a part with double charms.  Then they set that part aside and get a new one in it's place.  This is useless RNG (random number generator, drops such as world of warcraft) without any gameplay involved.  This will be a bit of a rant.Even though I play WoW, Borderlands and Diablo, I think RNG is useless in video games and serves only to add hours without fun in a game.  RNG can be done right, but rarely is.  And if you think there's any other way to get double charms, there isn't.  There's nothing special like killing the hardest character on harakiri mode gives a greater chance for a double big shot charm (one of the only good ones by the way).  They have no system in place.  They made disassembling a priority for getting charms, and it's boring.  It's one of those things where on a good day I'll turn away from the monitor and go ""I just spent hours disassembling the same swords for a double big shot charm...Is that worth it?""  There is an alternative, which is repeatedly entering the buy menu from the smith to buy his parts.  Those change everytime you enter it.  While that seems faster, for some reason the smith has way more grip parts than any other parts, so once you get a double charm on your grip you have to try a lot more for a double charm on a blade or guard.  Whatever, it's all for triple charms which greatly help the game (perhaps too much?)Also one last thing:  Parrying is useless and I find that unfortunate.  Parrying is fun in almost every videogame.  Have you ever parried someone in Dark Souls?  Getthe♥♥♥♥outofhereplease, it's the best.  It seems perfect for a samurai game, but as it stands there is no real system for it... not really with timing or anything.  Certain attacks just get parried easier than others.  There is this push and pull system, but it doesn't seem like pulling works better on pushing attacks than pulling attacks (btw, how many pulling attacks can there really be for a sword?)The PC Port is great, minus a few things.  One, my lesser alienware computer can hardly run it, which is ridiculous because it looks like a ps2 game.  Two, no mouse.  Da ♥♥♥♥ is that about.  You play it like an arcade machine port.  No Mouse.  Boooo.  EDIT: They have added a mouse functionStill, I'm waiting until relatives leave so I can play it again, cause jesus it's fun.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,312780,17450439,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Macabre,"The second game in about 10 years to make it to my favorite list.This game has ton of depth to it , many side quests, hidden events, collectables, replayability, multiple endings, and multiple stories. There is a lot to this game and if you want to see and do everything it can take a very long time. I’m over 90 hours and only about half done doing everything. With that being said here are some facts to consider about the game.-Runs Great-Very stable while some people report issues in all the time I’ve played the game I've had zero issues the game runs flawlessly- New Game++X -while new game Plus is always a nice feature this game brings it a lot further, because of the way the game plays you literally cannot do or see everything in 1 go. the game is designed to be played over and over you can easily get over 10 replays from this game if not many more, and that’s not a bad thing, the game divides its story into 3 main factions. you can ally yourself with any of them or even none of them following different plays and stories for each of them, your choices also affect things allowing for even more differences. This means you can literally never even see the same things if you don’t want to. So instead of just getting stronger like some game+’s you can also experience new storylines and events. The best way I can explain this to you is you are 1 person in a town of many people you can only be in 1 place at any given time, while the game spans over 6 or so days depending what you do will determine what you happens so just because you in 1 area doesn’t mean things aren’t going on else where. This is why you can gave so many replays while still experiencing new things.-Unlocks & collectables-your characters unlocked abilities, weapons, items, everything carries over between these. making you stronger, more versatile, and skilled as you advance. you also gain points when you beat a play though that can be used to unlock even more content from the games, from a guns license to use firearms to character accessories that change your appearance to harder difficulties, there is ton of unlocks from that system alone. not even taking into account all the other unlocks you will find through the game.-Detailed in-depth Combat System-This brings me to combat the game starts you off pretty simple you can fight with a sword spear or unarmed, but you will soon find out there are other classes of combat like guns. Beside this there are literally over 100 styles to collect and master. So if you don’t like the way your sword is handling you can always try another style which will change all your abilities and moves. Eventually you can even create your own style taking all your favorite or most powerful skills and putting them into one type of combat.!-TONS of Weapons-Weapons are the same you can find, create and customize them from over 100+ weapons and over 300+ parts there are almost endless combinations you can use to make your own weapon. Weapons can also be made stronger to have better stats or re-forge or bless with special abilities further diversifying your equipment.-great UI-With all the crazy amounts of content and things to do and unlock in this game it would be easy to be lost on figuring everything out, however, the games UI and record keeping makes it very easy to keep track of not only everything you’ve done so far but what you haven’t done, as well as giving hints at how to unlock or obtain thing you’ve missed.I could go on and on about the features of this game but my review would end up being a book the bottom line is there is a lot of options and way to customize your gameplay. This game is very in-depth and has a lot of elements to learn, even so I never find it daunting or tedious but rather exciting and fun to see what I can obtain or discover. The game itself also offer numerous others features from gambling in poker, to fishing, side quests, running your own dojo, to night crawling and many others. There are so many different thing you can do beside run through the storyline like a drone. For 25$ with incredible amount of content, amazing stability and such in-depth gameplay you cant go wrong. This game is  not for a casual gamer but anyone else it’s a must have."
,Recommended,312780,17298519,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,raZe,"To anyone who has never played a Way of the Samurai game, it's best described as a mix between 3rd person action, open world and visual novel set in feudal Japan.The core revolves around swordplay, but at the same time the game allows you to shape the storyline through your choices.  Several factions fight for power in the small town of Amihama and it's up to the player to decide whom to give an edge. Being a goody two-shoes is just as much of an option as aiding the bad guys or staying neutral. Simply sleeping the days away and thus skipping the majority of the game is also a viable option. It's entirely up to player.When it comes to combat, WotS4 is your standard hacky-slashy affair, which is somewhat disappointing. In the West, samurai and their way of life were popularized by movies like Seven Samurai, Sword of Doom, Harakiri or the Lone Wolf and Cub movies, which all lay emphasis on the importance of a single stroke. Duels were often decided after one cut following a huge build-up. Meanwhile in WotS4, there's no tension - you just whack away at your foes until they drop dead. However, the fights are enjoyable for the most part and the game does a decent job of depicting different styles and their use.Speaking of styles: The game practically showers you with customization options and items. For a game that small, WotS4 is crammed with ways to spend your time and customize your character. You can upgrade weapons, learn new fighting styles, shop for clothes, change your hairstyle, go fishing, create your very own fighting style, run a dojo or chase after ladies. And that doesn't even cover all of it. But here's the downside: In order to get your desired items, you will have to grind yourself stupid. To acquire certain styles or weapons, you need to meet specified conditions. And even then, most of those items seem to drop randomly, so there's a whole lot of reloading and replaying ahead of you. And if you happen to finally get your desired style, there's still the business of unlocking new moves by leveling it up. In order to max one style, you will have to kill 500 enemies at the very least. In case of weapons, upgrading them to the point of being actually useful will rob you of your lifetime as well since enemies tend to be damage sponges. Upgrades cost money and become progressively expensive up until a certain point where money doesn't cut it anymore. Then you have to farm for materials as well in order to upgrade weapons beyond the upgrade threshold. Depending on what you want and how hard you pursue it, WotS4 will keep you busy for dozens of hours. The question is if you will still be entertained at that point.The game is rather short and can be completed within a few hours, minutes even, but it's impossible to see everything during your first playthrough. It's obviously designed with multiple playthroughs in mind and somewhat appealing in its approach, provided you can stomach some anime goofiness. To give you a taste: There's a character in the game called ""Melinda Megamelons"". While not particularly well-written, each new story branch adds another twist to the storyline you have experienced so far. It's like the videogame equivalent to Groundhog Day.The Way of the Samurai series has always been rather unique in its approach and this one's no different. It's probably the most polished and most content-rich entry in the series yet, but it will take you a lot of time to customize your character to your liking. Experiencing new story branches should usually be enough to keep you playing. If you're a fan of chanbara, you will certainly get your kicks provided you don't expect something too serious."
,Recommended,312780,25352793,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Adouchy,I murdered 7 people in cold blood with a fish.
,Recommended,312780,24260465,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Savage Walrus,"Best samurai game I've ever played. Lots of weapons, and martial arts to pick from if you're a fan of that. The game takes place in Japan during British occupation. You can take sides with the Shogunate, British, resistance, xenophobes, yakuza, and more during civil unrest. It's not all serious though. You can beat down people with a fish or beat up people on the street in order to get them to join your own dojo. It has a few graphical bugs and a few camera issues, but other than that, I love this."
,Recommended,312780,17941928,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"This game makes me feel like I'm playing Dark Souls in a COMPLETELY different enviroment and pace.Fighting may feel a little repetitive, but it can also be surprisingly challanging and hard, making every battle count and gives an edge.The story and the town feels very engaging and alive. It makes me feel in a cliche japanese classic, in the best way possible with a light and silly humor, mixed up with good plot twists and tense moments. The replay value is the strongest point here, since the game is great not to be played perfectly at once, but missing and coming back constantly.The bad side to me comes along with the lack of some explanation about its features, and some messy interfaces of inventory and stores. It's relly fun to collect and build weapons, but it gets frustrating to sell and forge them, its will always feel like it takes too long.8/10 - love it even with flaws."
76561198062464613,Recommended,312780,35012009,Posted: 16 September,all,PopeKickassTheOnly,"This game is good because you get to be a cool Samurai guy with a BIG LONG KATANA. Common gameplay features include getting one-shot by a common enemy because you suck at dodging, playing a confusing Japanese card game that you're too lazy to look up the rules to, drinking LOTS of sake, beating up random passerby and forcing them to become slaves in your dojo, melting down thousands of z-tier weapons to get enough scrap metal to upgrade your poopy katana into a big boi katana,romancing lolishelping out the british consulate, sneaking into the women's homes and making magic happen, kicking children, and enduring HARDCORE BDSM.Also there's this chick named Melinda Megamelons. You can't go wrong if you're game has a character named Megamelons.DELICIOUS TIME."
,Recommended,312780,17222378,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MagicalSmalrusWalrusJones,"This is a game which makes it viable you to pin random women on the street to the ground using barrels, while repeating ""YOU WOULDN'T BE PINNED UNDER A BARREL IF YOU WERE PRACTICING UNDER TARU BAKKETO's SCHOOL OF SWORDSMANSHIP!"" until they join your dojo.With all fairness: The amount of freedom you have in this game, you can be anything from a random ronin whose next meal isn't a certainty, to the light that carries japan to the new era, or you can manipulate the rates of crime, to go through potentially lethal BDSM with the three local princesses when you get arrested. Winning their hearts through.... Impressive survival ability.The early game is rough, prior to mastering your first style of swordsmanship and getting the massive bonuses to your phsycial defense (Especially on barehanded martial arts, and the tokyo school of swordsmanship,) and forging your first charmed swords (As the bonuses can be massive.)The zany, no avenues unexplored nature of this game might put some people off, however."
,Recommended,312780,19942800,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Italow,"The amount of sexual references, nonsense and foreign stereothypes IS TOO DAMN HIGH!I LIKE IT!8/8 m8"
,Recommended,312780,17222300,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Valorian Endymion,"It is pretty much a Rurouni Kenshin (Samurai X) Simulator 2015.You play as wandering samurai that arrives in the town of Amihama after the end of the isolation in Japan, There you find several factions in a conflict (is much like the setting in Rurouni Kenshi). It´s a open world game where you could do what ever you want: join any of factions or don´t join them at all, fighting duels, open a dojo, gamble, find love in a really awkward ways, do quests people in the streets, dress what ever you want (the customization is very good), visit bars, inns and lots of places. There ia  lot of thing do to.Even in events and cutscene you can do a lot of stuff - draw your sword in a middle of converstation, say the weirdest stuff in the worst moment possible, just walk way from a fighting or someone asking for help.Way of the Samurai walks in this curious mid way between trying to be at least a bit serious and ultra goofy at the same time, but it does work greatly."
,Recommended,312780,17213951,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sqeek: Rat of Lordly Caliber,"This game was the sole reason why I wanted a PS3 last gen. Luckily, thanks to Ghostlight I'll never have to buy that console because they created this excellent PC port. Game runs perfectly, I've beaten the game 3 times (twice in offline mode and once online) and never saw it drop a single frame.The game itself is insanely fun if you like sword combat. Sure, the sword technique you start with seems to be the best, but its fun to use Iaijustu styles to look like an anime badass. The game has a lot to offer in the realm of story as well, each of the varying paths have different tones to them, from the steriotypically dumb and easily impressed British foreigners, to the horribly sadistic statesmen, to the extremely sad storyline of the Prajna's. (Prajna ending made me want to cry! ;.;  )I cant recommend this game enough, its amazing, especially if you are a weeaboo."
,Recommended,312780,17197141,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Drakensson,"Im gonna start of with a short review and end with my typical game awards.WOTS4 is an open-world non-linear action-adventure game with multiple endings and dialogue-choices, on the brink of being a Role-playing game. The game, as well as the rest of the series, is an extremely unrivaled exotic and cultural experience combined with the usual Japanese weirdness. Make your character, choose your moral, fight your fight, customize your weapon, do side-missions, have sex, recruit knife-wielding harlots to join your own dojo, do a flying kick in someone's mouth and much much more. The game does unfortunately have a frustrating flaw in its combat design though, making it easy to accidentaly hit innocents thus throwing them.....or the cops at you. The port might give you sound issues but this can mostly be fixed by adjusting the properties for your speakers etc.The game is subjectively unplayable and suicidal on mouse&keyboard so i advise you to go for a gamepad.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Awarded for:- Best Japanese PC Port (steam version)- Best Japanese game (original)- Best Musical Score (original)- Best Asian Game on Steam (steam version)Porting Quality: 8/10Game Score: 8/10Re-playability: 7,9/10Score compared to predecessor: 5/10"
76561198072334328,Recommended,312780,33590698,Posted: 16 July,all,The Book,"Welp, first review I've done in years so I'll try to keep it simple.Way of the Samurai 4 is one of those games you can really enjoy, despite its many flaws.From the trailer and images alone its easy to say that its graphics are outdated by a wide margin, but any long-term gamer knows that graphics don't make the game.Sound design? Don't know if its for anyone else but large portions of cutscenes seem eerily quiet, especially considering how action-packed they're supposed to be at times. I'll get into the voice acting later on while discussing characters and story, but let's just say that from an industry stand-point it isn't the best.The setting is condensed and easy to move around, once I got a hang of which area led where there were no issues with getting misdirected or anything. Similar to the graphics you shouldn't really expect epic scenery and all.I hear many other reviews talk about how much the game crashes, personally I haven't had this problem. My computers nowhere near High-Grade material and the only times I've experienced crashes is when a slip of the hand opens another window. Accidentally opening up say tech support or the windows menu will always crash for me, but I've never experienced random crashes at all. Maybe I'm just lucky in that regard and mght come back later if I start experiencing it en masse or something.The story is solid, cheesy to the nth degree but so hilarious that you can't help but enjoy it. The voice acting ties into this because every character soundscomically stuck to their intended tropes that you can't help but smirk every time something serious sounds hilarious due to the way its said. Due to certain dialogue options I've found in the game, I'm nearly certain the guys who made this know exactly how ridiculous this story can be at times and embrace it wholesale. I have to respect that.The Replay value in this title puts quite a number of triple A titles to shame, with how many choixes you can make and how many endings there are to find you can easily find a day or two's worth of content in here. But the main stories aren't even all that's there. The side missions, jobs you can take, the character customization is suprisngly versatile. Although I will admit that the clothing options can be quite limmited, especially for female characters, what's there is shockingly abundant.Combat has many features, and there's a good variety of blades and customization for you to choose from. I will say here that despite loving the fact that you can use guns in a samurai game, the guns do feel a bit like a gimmick compared to the army slaying power you can build into your swords and even spears if you feel up to it. Almost any blade can be dissassembled and mixed with others to create your killing machine of choice. The same can be said with your fighting styles. After finding a blank book (Or buying it) you can take the various moves you've learned in thevast array of fighting styles the game has, then mix and match them together until you have your ultimate move set.With all this variety in themechanics expect to find a learning curve, not a big one but an initially daunting one. Couple this with the fact that on harder difficultioes this game can get infuriating, no surprise that I initially forgot about and left it lying in my library for over a year. But while waiting for a certain game to get released I decided to give this another try and actually muscled my way into greatly enjoying this.One thing I especially found delightful was the whole 'Fight your previous character' thing.Its a small touch but a well enjoyable one where if you make a new character to start another playthrough, whether to get another ending or farm side missions for money, there's a chance you'll run into the character you used for the last playtrough walking around as an NPC. Bump into them or draw a weapon in front of them and they immediately go on the attack using the weapon style you used for them. They'll be allied to whatever faction you got the ending for with them, and members of that faction will come to aid them in battle.So yeah, if you can handle the negatives this game will offer days of gameplay, so if your feel like taking a crack at itfor whatever reason be it on sale or just liking the concept then pick it up.Or not... what do I know, really?"
76561198080204105,Recommended,312780,30534817,Posted: 15 March,all,A Quiet Ghost,"This isn't the sort of game you play for the storyline, deep strategic gameplay or even the character customization. It's the kind of game you play when you want to turn off your brain for a bit and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of dudes with a katana. And when it comes to beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of dudes with katanas, this gameexcels.The combat mechanics are just complex enough to keep things interesting and dynamic -- learning the different styles and how to best react to them is a blast, and just simple enough that you can still do well even after your third jaeger bomb. The major characters are largely light hearted caricatures, and the game is filled with good natured humor. And despite what I said, the storyline and character customization are pretty great too."
76561197991201231,Recommended,312780,17196594,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,GaryLaserEyes,"Dont ♥♥♥♥♥ about it looking like a 2011 game, when it was a 2011 game. -__-Was hooked on it when i played it on the PS3, and even tho not as much as the First and second Way of the samurai, (didnt play the 3rd unfortunatly, and i know im missing out) but i have a feeling ill be hooked again. Havent had any issues with the xbox controller like some people say they have. No tearing, 30fps lock which is perfectly fine.Will probably play 4-8 hours tomorrow, but i have a job to get to."
,Not Recommended,312780,19410366,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Koop,"I purchased this for nostalgia, because I played me a mean 200 hours of Way of the Samurai 1 and 2.It's very funny, doesn't take itself seriously, and it's a lot more guided than the older games, which is nice if you're aiming for a specific story or ending, but I just can't get into it.  I don't care about the supporting characters or their goals, there isn't any urgency in my objectives or resources (besides replacing constantly breaking swords), and it fails utterly to make me invest in the plot because I can change my mind about my position at basically any time, or just ignore it entirely.In Way of the Samurai 2, with a proper parry and counter you could reap enemies like wheat, killing them as fast as they come (excepting major characters, which always provided a challenging and epic fight, showcasing weapons and fighting styles you only glimpse throughout the game).  In Way of the Samurai 4, every fight is a chore that drags on until all of the major characters in a fight flee (which takes several dozen hits each and you can't chase them down and finish them for their awesome weapons), you flee, or you trip over a body in the presence of a magistrate and get hauled off to jail with absolutely no fight.  Also, guns are really annoying because there's no decent way to close the distance to them.In Way of the Samurai 2, with careful management of your defense, your weapons would last forever.  In this, unless you shell out for repair items like crazy, a sword will be on its last legs after 3 or 4 fights unless you upgrade it to death, which isn't really an option in the early game.  I mean, I wasn't struggling with money like I was in Way of the Samurai 2, so maybe this was a system change I was supposed to adapt to, but seriously, just doing odd jobs around town I had enough money to buy just about all of the character customization stuff and I felt no other need for it.In Way of the Samurai 2, every sword type had it's own style and moveset.  If your sword breaks in the middle of a fight and you need a quick replacement, prepare to fight completely differently from how you were before, which showcases the wonderful combat variety in the game, and makes you want desperately to collect every weapon just to see all the moves and master the styles to find one that YOU like.  In Way of the Samurai 4, the styles are seperate from the swords, and whatever style you have equipped, all swords use that style.  So really the only difference between the swords are minor things like durability and length - protip: get a long one.  Reach is nice and has no detriment.  As for styles, yeah they're nice, but the system doesn't accomplish anything different from the old games except that your fighting style sucks massively for like the first 6 hours of the game before you find a new one (assuming you don't use the one from the Dojo which is meh, and only upgrades when you fight challengers which in the early game is asking for death).In Way of the Samurai 2, even if you were horribly outmatched stat-wise, you could through skill and determination whittle down an opponent's health reliably.  In this, there's this thing called Vitality, which is very convenient when you use it, because you'll heal automatically during a fight for as long as you have it (though using halfway powerful attacks will drain it and you have to constantly eat food in the middle of a fight to keep it topped off), but your enemies have it too, and theirs always starts full.  You can whittle it down by beating them with the back of your sword, but they won't give up when it's all gone so doing that makes the fight feel twice as long.  If you do rapid damage consistently and quickly, they won't heal automatically, but take your eye off of them for a second and they'll come back at you with almost full health.All in all, I found this to be a massive disappointment.  I'm glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,312780,27237847,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boo,"Like most of the games in this series, requires an investment of time before the gameplay clicks with you and you start having a great time with it.Really enjoyed this one. The stance system adds a lot to the game"
76561197980541527,Recommended,312780,17367606,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Synnono,"What a bizarre game.I didn't know what to make of this going into it - it's a port of a three year old PS3 title that defies description in a few ways. While Way of The Samurai 4 is a samurai-themed brawler at its core, there are several cool elements that help it to stand out from titles with similar mechanics.I'm gonna write a lot, so for people who don't care to read, here's a short list:+ Simple, effective dueling combat with a surprising layer of depth+ Absurd amounts of player agency and customization+ Lots of replayability+ Satisfying difficulty rewards persistence and usage of tools- Very grindy at high difficulty levels- Inconsistent tone in storytelling and presentation- PC Port is frame-locked at 30 FPS- Online functionality not included on the PC versionThe player is a nameless ronin who arrives in the port of Amihama during a week of social unrest, and the actions they take determine the outcome of the upheaval. What makes this story interesting instead of typical is that the player's character can very heavily affect it through the things their ronin says, or does, or chooses not to do. The short time frame of the plot allows it to explore a large variety of story branches.Combat is simple, combo-based fighting, with about 80 pre-built styles of martial arts that range from practical to silly. What makes the system interesting is that players can take moves from any style they've learned and create their own personalized martial arts with them. If you like that one combo from a fast form, but want the stopping power from a strong form, put them together! If there's a passive ability you'd like to have, but don't like the moves it comes with in its own style, just borrow it to use in a new one. The system encourages mastering several different movesets in order to use them to create an even better set, and it's very satsfying to do.There are eight normal endings and two hidden ones, encouraging replays based on the story alone. And if you don't want to follow the story, don't! You can leave the town at any time to start over, and preserve all the progress you made on your martial arts styles and equipment upgrades. If all your ronin wants to do is fish during the day, have affairs with people's wives at night, and then kick some butt in the martial arts tournament on day 4, you can do all that and be rewarded for it.A playthrough is short. This game was designed for you to finish a run in about two hours, and every time you start over (by finishing a story, leaving town, or dying and choosing to end the game), you affect the next game you play in several ways:* Your actions determine how Amihama flourishes or fails between games. For example, maybe a certain plot character might have lived through an attack and changed the course of the story, if the hospital had been open when they were hurt.* You affect the town's crime rate during gameplay, and it carries over to your next game. Shops' inventories and the types of citizens you meet on the street change based on how safe the town is.* If the game ends by obtaining a plot ending, the player's old character becomes a wandering duelist NPC in the next game, who you can encounter by chance and battle with.* You unlock a series of cosmetic options for making another player character. Want to play as one of the townsfolk? A ninja? A girl? A villain? A British man with a pistol? Some dude in his boxer shorts, red skin, and cat ears who only throws people? Well you can, after you get the appropriate items from the shops and unlock screens.The more you play, the more options you have. If you're the sort of person who likes to try all possibilites and complete scavenger hunts, you will enjoy this challenge.While there's a lot about the above that I really like, there are some significant downsides to the game as well. Firstly, it suffers from being a PC port. While the game is more or less stable after a few patches (from an attentive company!) it does have the odd slowdown or crash that will agitate some people. The game is locked at 30FPS, as is typical of a lot of PS3 games, and while it doesn't really make a huge difference in gameplay, not having the awesome PC smoothness makes me sad.The game itself can also be frustrating. On harder difficulties, even random, weak enemies have moves capable of killing you in one hit unless you prepare for them. You, on the other hand, have to go through quite a bit of upgrading your equipment and your martial arts before you'll be on a level playing field. Since a lot of the neat unlocks are only available on harder difficulties, be prepared for a journey if you're being a completionist.The tone of the story is ridiculous. I don't know if it was the translation or what, but I...just have a hard time taking you seriously, when you name a no-nonsense warrior ""Melinda Megamelons."" The portrayal of the British in the game is plain silly, while the rest of the game seems more subdued. There are also some PG-rated sexytime and torture minigames that serve very little purpose, but are there for you anyway. They don't add much, other than being requirements for certain specific unlocks.Lastly, a really cool feature didn't make it into the PC version. On the PS3, other players' characters could wander the town as NPCs with their custom equipment. Finding and defeating them could earn you a really great weapon without a ton of the tedium and luck required to build it yourself. Unfortunately there's no such capability for this on the PC version. All you'll see are your past characters, and they won't use upgraded gear on you.Even for the negative points above, I've dumped enough time into this game to feel good recommending it. Some of it's just a straight-up grind, but the rest of the experience is too interesting to ignore. Here's hoping the next game in the series gets a full port!"
,Recommended,312780,17363196,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TheTurnipKing,"Probably one of the Playstation's best kept secrets, Way of the Samurai isn't quite like any other game.  Basically, you're set loose in a sort-of accurately simulated made-up town in period of Japanese history (1855, in WotS4), and go forth to do more or less whatever you want, and try and carve yourself into history.Designed with an eye towards replayability, the branching storylines can vary signficantly from playthrough to playtrhough, depending on your actions.This style of gameplay is unlikely to appeal to everyone.  It's hardly the most polished game in the world - the UI is clunky and the game occasionally inconsistent - and this PC port has few more on topm, like a third party EULA & 30fps lock... but there's really no competition for games that let you be a FOOLISH SAMURAI WARRIOR."
,Recommended,312780,17350522,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Friendship Chest,"Just a really excellent game.  It has a presona-like system for story progression in which there are three times of day (morning, noon, night - don't be stupid) and participating in an ""event"" progresses to the next time of day. So there are various events available, each corrosponding to a faction within the game world, and you can participate in one per time slot. What events you choose to participate in and how you handle them determine the outcome of your story. This is a game that's very much about replaying many times to alter your story or see different outcomes - some of which can only be obtained by your learnings from previous playthroughs. There's a lot of love put into this game, tons of little details and fun surprises, and a lot to do. There are also about a billion different fighting styles, which are sort of fighting game-esque movesets with combos etc. Even some pretty unique, secret ones. I'm just hoping others love and buy this game as much as me (3x purchaed now) so that maybe they will consider making a fifth!"
76561198053341948,Recommended,312780,22925234,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,kaoshosh,"If you ever wanted to experience being a Ronin, play this game.There are some faults in it like any other game, but I've thoroughly enjoyed it and have finished it multiple times.Sword play is fun, developing your character and skills is amazing, crafting weapons is great, and the story is pretty deep in terms of how many choices you can make."
,Recommended,312780,33003438,Posted: 29 June,all,Erroratu,"If you have any trouble with the game , make sure Physx is installed (You can find it in the _CommonRedist folder in the games location) .The game itself,however, is pretty great. There's a bunch of endings(With a secret True ending) and to get each you'll need around 4 hours or so. The game also has a large ammount of movesets and weapons,and lets you craft your own custom weapons,and even enhance them.You can also open up your own Dojo,create your own fighting style,and have one night stands with random women.You can also have your testicles crushed on a burning iron horse for breaking the law.All in all ,a great and fun,and relatively silly experience"
76561198088234977,Recommended,312780,17209247,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,EpicSamurai,"this game may be on the short side, but it has so much replay value it makes up for all of that. the combat is fun and in cutsceans it feels like you can do whatever the f*** you want to do. i highly recommend this game!"
76561197980372335,Recommended,312780,17227893,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Francis,Yes
,Recommended,312780,28108210,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Alastorsblade,Tons of replay valueVery difficultgreat atmospheregreat characterswould recommend
76561198030136048,Recommended,312780,17201389,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Viking Blonde,"I stayed up FAR too late playing this game, which is for all intense and purpose Groundhog Day with samurai.While it is a PS3 era title, originally a digital download only PSN game, so its rough around the edges, its brilliant elements shine though. Expect to see this all over YouTube in the coming weeks."
,Recommended,312780,25310801,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jet Jenkins,"It's a quaint game. Lots of Eastern charm to it. If you think hearing Asian voice actors with broken English try to play Englishmen with broken Japanese is funny, you'll get a hoot out of this one.That's only the beggining, too. Game has genuinelly likeable characters, interesting fighting mechanics with tons of weapons, lots of things to collect and unlock, and the whole ""your actions have consequences"" thing with multiple endings as well. ESPECIALLY recommended for completitionists and weeaboos."
,Recommended,312780,26962975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darelius,I completed my first playthrough of this game in about 4 hours. I have now played about 100 hours of this game.
,Recommended,312780,17215971,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,secv,"I logged on only to write a review for this game and make note of audio issues, but a patch came out with fixes on day 2 so that's pretty great. I didn't have any other problems with the game.Way of the Samurai 4 is a good game. I'm having some trouble because the game doesn't explain some of the more in-depth stuff like the forge, but there's faqs for that so no biggie. Also I'm using hand to hand in a sword/spear game so there's that, but even still it's not impossible so there's lots of room for you to play how you want. You're supposed to play several times through the game and won't see everything your first playthrough. However, some things remain unlocked and you can unlock stuff when you complete a run of the game."
76561198007460866,Recommended,312780,17218261,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,"In a world where console games ported to PC are generally bad and glitchy. In a world where players wait years for a single game and then complain when it's not what they hoped it would be. Comes out Way of the Samurai 4. PS3 game finally ported for PC to please the Master Race. And like all ports there are problems with Way of the Samurai 4 but those problems are minor, graphics are old, sounds/musics glicth for some people and the controls are wonky.Once you get past those and actually know what WotS games are about you soon find yourself enjoying your time with this game because it's not a serious samurai game. To be honest from the first few minutes you realize that this game will be a very, very Japanese game about samurais and western powers. You will laugh and cry at the same time while encountering these goofy characters, sexual inuendos, night crawling aka sexy time and torture. Sometimes you just wonder was Stefon from SNL somehow involved in this game and you actually start to miss those human bathmats, you know it’s that thing when midgets have dreadlocks, and they lay face down on the floor.For the price I got this I must say it's very much worth it and 10/10 would Samurai again. Also less glitchy than Arkham Knight."
,Recommended,312780,17245833,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Coldaardvark,I found a nice katana.This is a nice katana.Niiiice katana.I'll use this katana till' the day I die.I'll never get rid of this katana.Nice katana.
76561198025838502,Recommended,312780,17196798,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,tubatimb2,"I played the first way of the samurai game dozens of times ages ago and got this purely for nostalgia. It does not disappoint. It's more comical that the others, but i have a feeling that will only help with multiple play throughs.  I may be on my second play through, but i can tell this game will be winner"
76561198118386693,Recommended,312780,17195208,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Ensio & Tanwen,You can finish the game by dying in the first fight.
76561198192529171,Not Recommended,312780,29927935,Posted: 14 February,all,Starry✪Safari,"The game used to run great but now after an update the game crashes everytime at the title screen. Contcted support to no avail. Never heard a word back from them. Already over the 2 hour limit, so no refund option avalible. So obviously, I can not recomend the game in its current state. :("
,Recommended,312780,17343563,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,-Made my character wear a giant cargo crate-Put a face on that giant crate-Joined a samurai tournament-Won all the rounds in the tournament-Went to accept my prize-Floor pannel opened underneath me-Fell into a giant pot of boiling water-The End10/10 Would become Samurai Stew again.
,Recommended,312780,17285648,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rowboatsalot,Walked around with a katana in boxers and sandals. Some old lady calls me a beggar. Wasn't having any of that so bumped into her a bunch of times. She kicks me. The nerve! I kick her back. She starts punching me. I punch her back and slam her to the ground. End up getting arrested. I pay 1000 yen to get out of jail. Bump into some random samurai a bunch of time and he kicks me. Oh it's on. Kick him back and draw my sword. Get arrested again. Get tortured. Somehow survive the torture. Torturer slaps me to death. Oops.Thus ends the legend of EggBoat EggEgg Shinymanlegs
76561198009306209,Not Recommended,312780,17209291,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,orangefsh,Before release this game advertised that it 'includes bonus downloadable content'.  After release developers added multiple DLC's worth more than the price of the base game.  Then they removed the 'includes bonus downloadable content' from their description.
,Recommended,312780,29177471,Posted: 10 January,all,Mr. Green,"Great game, with a nice story and great variety of play styles, with some mini games. It's just sad the amount of bugs in this game, lucky for me they happen mostly about sound. But i have seen that other people can't even play the game because of crashes/stability. Beside you need to do alot of work if you want to get 100% completion.So in short: great game, some annoying game designs, and some bugs (mostly sound bugs for me) and it's a must buy for all, who is a fan of the idea about samurais and love the japaness culture."
,Recommended,312780,17227632,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,564,"Edit 1: I'll admit it. The game is not for everyone. Just the cool kids!!!Among the greatest game ever made. It has some audio issues, and I have experienced a few crashes, but those will most likely be resolved pretty quickly.The good:-Branching story with 10 alternate endings, loads of choices and well developed characters.-Fun minigames-Pretty art-style-Balanced gameplayThe bad:-Audio bugs-Crashes-Sub-par translations-30 fps (though I honestly don't care)The great:-Huge variety in customization, from fighting styles, to appearance.-Incredible replayabilityThe fenomenal:-Over the top outfits and acessories-Beating up random people on the street to recruit to your dojo."
,Recommended,312780,17227923,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"Set in post-isolationist Japan, Way of the Samurai 4 offers a unique way to experience an era that forever changed a nation, the era's cultural landscape offers countless opportunities for the ambitious, and we are thrown into this world as a ronin (masterless samurai) looking to make a name for ourselves, taking our place in the overall power struggle, we will be given the choice to align ourselves with one of three factions: the shogunate pro-governmental forces, the nationalistic isolationists and the growing foreign powers, and our loyalty and interaction with each of the three factions will shape the story towards one of ten possible different endings and tons of unlockable contents, including fighting style - weapon & character customization and many many more!! Definitely recommended to all Way of the Samurai fans out there! 8/10"
,Recommended,312780,17362452,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,TREACLED REMAINS,It's kind of like Fable except JapaneseExtremely engaging
,Recommended,312780,20408589,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Rorek,"Great game, I am a huge fan of the ""Way of the Samurai"" games since the first one came out. I have been studing traditional Japanese Jiujitsu and Iaido for quite a few years now, and really enjoy the accuracy and inacuracies in the game. here are a few pros and cons.pros;1.) Gameplay is entertaining and simple to learn, no really complicated combos to work with.2.) Some of the forms in the game are real, and pretty much all the stances are moddled after real martial arts.3.) Really entertaining unlockables, costumes, weapons, styles, special moves ect ect.4.) Decisions and multiple endings, I love a game where your choices reflect the outcome of the game.Cons;1.) Controlls are not as ""fluid"" as you might want them to be and sometimes you fight the camera during important fights.2.) They removed the ""online"" features from the counsol versions of the game, in the counsol you could see, fight, and collect the weapons from other peoples characters that would randomly wander into your world. (downside was they weren't played by the actual players they where mearly uploaded sprites and euqipment with an ai)3.) Can be difficult, the way of the samurai games have always been notably difficult, and while I personaly don't feel this is a ""con"" I placed it here as many other people have complained that it was too hard, and thier characters wheren't the godly over powered characters they feel samurai where or should be. (I personaly don't understand this as samurai died, a lot)4. No One-Hit-Kill mode like in previous games. In previous Way of the Samurai games you could unlock a mode after beating the game and purchasing it with the ""samurai points"" that would allow all swords both friend and foe to kill in one hit or close there too, which i felt added a level of realism. I mean you get cut with a katana straight across the neck or torso and tell me ""it only hurts a little"".5.) BIGGEST FLAW!!!!! the keyboard controlls suck bad, needs controller.TL;DR, good game but is dated and is a port I still recommend it for martial art game fans, 8/10."
76561198024186432,Recommended,312780,17442445,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,-X-,"This game is fantastic, the lore, the characters, and the intense fighting where it's you versus almost 30 other samurai makes it a fight or flight. All the characters are lovable and the story line changes with each decision allowing for almost several different endings, I would recommend this to those who are already familiar or those who are looking for a story rich game."
,Recommended,312780,31064829,Posted: 10 April,all,The Exiled One,"To me it felt like a japanese version of fable and yes it may be short but theres actually alot you can do you just have to look for it, and ive been playing with the steam controller which after spending awhile configuring it i really love using it. there needs to be more samurai rpgs highly recomend this one and 3"
,Recommended,312780,24927304,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,DBCreeper,One of the few games that has made me feel badass. Faced ~250-1 all 250 dead in less than 30 seconds. They should not have made me mad.
,Recommended,312780,28556361,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mystic,"If you're a fan of oldschool RPG rules and darksouls-esque play, or just a fan of samurai western movies, this is a great game. There's a little too much comedic relief for my tastes, and the earlier games had a better balance of seriousness and comedy.The game is tailored to multiple playthroughs, infact you can come across one of your characters that's completed the game beforehand while walking around town.As a port, it's nothing insanely good, just average."
,Recommended,312780,17545122,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Boba Fettuccine,"I played a lot of Way of the Samurai 3 on 360 and was sad that 4 would never make it it the potato box 360. Now I've gotten the chance to play this game, and y'know, I'm really diggin' it.There is a bunch of stuff to do, you can pick up odd jobs from quite a few people in town, stick to the main story line, start up your own dojo, not pay for goods, dine and dash, shag a broad or 2, have epic battles, be a bully, be a good samaratin, or just wander about and be a masss murderer. It's up to you I really loved 3 and enjoying 4. I would recommend this to anyone who is, or isn't a total weeaboo. Overall it's a fun and entertaining game, and you'll get your moneys worth in gameplay hours."
,Not Recommended,312780,19515962,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RedxDragon781,"i give it a ""meh""If you can get past the crashing, Way of the Samurai 4 is a game that has a great idea, but done poorly. WotS4 is the type of game you dont take too seriously and play and every which way the develpors will allow you, and as many times as you can. And thats really the point, people may complain about the 2-4 hours of gameplay, but you're kinda supposed to beat it, over and over and over and over again, whilst carrying on your character frome previous play throughs. Just so you can find how many ways you can get to the 10 different endings. Customization is also nice, limited, but nice. From your clothes, to your weapons, to even your fighting styles. Lots of options.The world is also very small. Open world, yes, but but you can check everything out pretty quick.Unfortunately, it falls a little short when it comes to fun factor. Things can get annoying pretty quick when it comes to battles. Your weapons can degrade and break in this game, which is fine, it adds some edge and personality to the game. Except, this happens way too easy and fast, especially at the beginning of the game. Not only that, but enemies regain life during battle, forcing you to just mash your attacks on them so they dont have a chance to recover before either you blade breaks, or they do.This was honestly the biggest gripe i had with this game, it frustrated more than it challenged.Honestly, i liked Way of the Samurai 3 better.Your better off borrowing or renting this game."
,Recommended,312780,33054143,Posted: 30 June,all,DsupremeR,Very nice game! The better graphics compared to the PS3 version really shows!Plays well on Windows 10 at this point in time!
76561198068032928,Recommended,312780,17216359,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,1Piecer,"Way of Samurai 4: Entered a tournament to become real samurai, won three times, got boiled alive for winning. Fin, story ends and the credits rolled.Now into the actual review: The game is great as an idea. But I can't shake the idea that the execution isn't great. You have the fighting at the start of the game is a little longer if you fight a main character. Your damage is way low compare to the character level. The map is really stupid, it only display the places and that is about it. You can't zoom in or out and it doesnt tell you what is the next event is to progress the story. I had to sleep at night or next day to progress the story and sometimes have random events. You need to pay attention to the story otherwise you will feel lost. That is a problem since English isn't my native language. If you leave the game and then come back to play it later, you may also feel lost. Music sometimes disappear during cutscene and you only get background sound like the sea sound. The Steam layout doesn't change resolution so if you play on high resolution you can't read Steam layout at all. When you change the game resolution, make sure you change it on windowed first then go to full screen. Or you will get a really big zoomin in full window and you have to turn the resolution back.Now if you really ignore all these small problems you will find a gem here. I keep laughing at my choices and this is where the game shines. Do I recommend this game? Definatly, this is one of the best games where your choices really affect the gameplay, story, and your character's life.Edit: So far 20 hours of gameplay and I never once past the 4th day ingame. Repeated the game so many times and I still love every second of it, because each gameplay is different. I killed people here and said I will let them live next gameplay."
76561198059099525,Recommended,312780,17288639,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Emperor Takashi,"""Oh my God!"" This is by far one of the most enjoyable multipath story games I have ever played. From all the funny quirps to all the missions, and the enjoyable in depth lovable characters. If you enjoy anime like Gintama you will love this, a funny game that can have very serious scenes drawing out strong emotional responses without making it seem out of place at all."
76561198064851598,Recommended,312780,17273045,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Xaessya,"I love this game, would definitely night crawl the maker of this."
,Recommended,312780,17196806,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[SMC] Raptor,"Keyboard controls are passable, but I say wait for the steam controller.Also, the menus actually have mouse support that WORKS. That alone puts it well above most console ports. I will of course update this review when I actually play the game with my steam controller, but like I said... Should probably wait if you don't have a controller yourself."
,Recommended,312780,17500884,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,M. Night Shama-lama-ding-dong,They did a great job for this game port to PC.Hope to see more console games ported like this.
,Recommended,312780,17226345,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,gohaku,if you liked 3 you will like this onegame isnt long in the sense you can run through it fast but multiple branches and a ton of things to unlock means you can get alot out of it P.S clothes store is in main plaza on your way to the town hud takes a bit to get used to but its actually quite nice once you are used to it crafting weapons is fun and if you brake a blade and fix it 100 times it becomes un breakable 360 controler is recomended
,Recommended,312780,17224036,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SwitNiceNiceNiceNice,"With a character creator from soul calibur, custom 17 sets off on his journy to stop the Nippon overlords from taking over the world with BDSM.Or helps them and take part.or leaves Japan with a british loli.or leaves the city right when he gets there."
,Recommended,312780,17287745,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Profile name,"back in the ps2 days you didn't play the first one for some hundreds of hours trying every play-through multiple times? well then i'll compare this one to the original for you.pros:- that pre-Meiji era Japanese nostalgia- still for the most part get to alter the story-line as you want- a rewarding series of unlocks to work hard for! :D- of course, discover what styles and swords you likecons:- b.y.o.c. (might want to bring your own controller)- small♥♥♥♥♥map, feels smaller than the original WOTS- totally immature, completely fictional 'parody' of one of the most atrocious events of our planet's negative history in which the British Empire was directly influential. the first game was actually much more respectful to the culture in comparison- you're still reading this? right on bro! well, to be brutally honest it feels much more confining than the first game in all aspects: story/clans to choose from/overall dialogue options/mapoverall 7/10 in comparison to original (opinion likely applicable to mature gamers)"
,Recommended,312780,17211356,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Max 맥스,"There are many activities in this game that you can do, but they all serve as mere filler to the main gameplay mechanic/true means of progression: invading unsuspecting women's (or men's, if that tickles your fancy) bedrooms in the middle of the night and coerce them into having sex with you.10/10"
76561198393737605,Recommended,312780,33206289,Posted: 3 July,all,Samurai-sama,"Once you get tired of being the prudent and honorable Samurai, that's when the fun starts. This game is full of lols"
,Recommended,312780,17213478,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Real Cake,"While I have put about 14 hours into this game, I have only completed one playthrough, mainly because I am new to the series and I got preoccupied with a trillion side-quests. ANYWAY, I finished off everyone in the tournament and ascended the stairs to be awarded my rightfully earned title of Demonscale, only to be plunged into a vat of boiling water, which killed me instantly. 10/10 would burn alive while the Minister watched and laughed again"
,Recommended,312780,33579462,Posted: 16 July,all,GodArmz,"This+Samurai Champloo OST=Hours of my life, gone..."
,Recommended,312780,30935448,Posted: 3 April,all,Nabababa,"I love this game so much since the first stories.But you know, can you guys give a DLC or updates about ""Gender"".My character is female but the main stories call mine ""him or he"", so annoying lol.Thanks for the game"
76561198030718295,Not Recommended,312780,19968312,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,dogcat.avl,You really need to be a fan of the genre OR have a life-threatening case of a console-realated nostalgia to enjoy the game.I mean maybe the storyline is epic and deep but the combat system and the controls make playing it just unbearable.Looking for a refund...
,Recommended,312780,17190672,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Deltaigarus,Within the first 10 minutes i see that the British ambassador is a little girl who speaks perfect japanese and her guard is a Count with a claw hand... Maybe im reading too much mango but i gotta say....Historically accurate / 1000.
76561198051136047,Recommended,312780,17339806,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"I went into this game expecting it to be realistic, historically accurate, and culturally inspired. Dear god was I surprised.This game plays like an anime and it made me realise that I am weaboo trash, and I love it. If you've got time to kill and money to blow, buy this."
76561198070751352,Recommended,312780,17349910,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,MrDerpHerpin,"by far one of the best single player experiences i've had, you can choose your own path as a samurai, with or without faith, destroying everything in your path, you can run a dojo, you can dess up in boxes and be the wooden samurai, you can unlock awesome items and re-create alot of famous characters from other shows and games, not to mention the gameplay and fighting mechanics are simple yet complex at the same time, giving you satisfying results in the end with very addictive gameplay, this game is getting a 10/10 for me, as i have no issues and haven't encountered any playing this, i highly recommend this title, it is definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,312780,17358944,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Shackles,"I wanted to work in the police force so i thought i would beat up random criminals to get hired to the force. I was apprehended for some reason though and these 3 girls came up to me and started doing unmentionable things to me. After i got out i went back to beating up anyone i could find so i could go back to those 3 women. For some reason i was entranced by what they did to me. i wanted more. No! i needed more! Before i knew what was going on, i murdered the whole town and all the consequences im getting are from these magical 3 sisters. @.@"
76561198060326016,Recommended,312780,17377237,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Gunpla!,"Great game, I've bought it twice now (once for PS3 and now for PC).I can say as an experienced player, this game has a lot more longevity than meets the eye.If you're into collecting, and customizing your appearance in-game then this will be a great choice for you.Just don't be suprised like I was when I beat the game in an hour or two my first time.It has multiple endings, and paths with all different outcomes leading to tons of unlockables.So go ahead, become a samurai.8.5/10"
,Recommended,312780,17358905,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,bulubodoh,"As a fan of Way of the Samurai series, i completely love this 4th.All aspects of the franchise is still there, with improved graphics and gameplay.Changing from sword-attached combat style to stand-alone combat style is good, so we can still in our prefered combat style while changing our sword to another.The aspects that annoys me is :- Running speed is way to quick- Bad camera rotationThe rest is good."
,Recommended,312780,17354898,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,IveGotSpursThatGo(Jingle Jangle),"This is a pretty solid title, with a few ""issues"", but it's a really impressive PS3 port that's a ton of fun to play, though don't buy it if you're expecting anything particularly deep or expansive.+ The game is fun to play, and the controls are responsive+ Tons of different endings, outcomes, and unlockables+ Different sword styles feel different and responsive+ Japanese voice acting is cute and on point+ Lots of hidden gems- The map is really, really small. You'll be familiar with everything almost instantly.- Certain parts of the interface are really unclear- You're never certain of the reason to use one type of style over the other (what is waki good for vs any other style type? Is it aesthetic? Who knows!)- The story and gameplay can be a little bit too open ended, leading you to bumble around like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot your first playthrough- It's capped at 30 FPS if that's a problem for you.Overall, while the game is really worthwhile, it has a few small rough edges that if you can over look, you should certainly look into."
76561198130655625,Recommended,312780,17374376,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Roboto De Sexo,"Very fun, because there is no illusion of choice here like in some other games (cough, bioware, cough). You can do whatever you want, when you want. The game is short (about 2-4+ depending on how much you focus on the main storyline) but the replayability is there, you will want to play through the story over and over again to see what things you could have done differently.My only gripes with the game are the lack of mouse support and the simplistic combat. Acquiring and leveling up different weapon styles is fun but I wish you could fight with more than just 1 enemy at a time, a little bit more of an action-RPG feel would have given me a much cooler feeling as a badass samurai. Mouse support is being patched into the game but there are times when I am in combat and I can clearly tell the game was designed for a controller. For instance, if you are not directly aligned with the camera there are times when your character cannot dodge and only flails in place. This can be frustrating when you are fighting difficult enemies in a narrow space as the camera will swing around into unadvantageous positions. The inability to dodge is due to the W, A, S, D keys having a lesser range of motion when compared to a joystick on a controller. Very annoying occurance on a PC port.Overall I've had a lot of fun with this game, despite a few annoyances and I recommend it to anyone looking to have a good time with a game that doesn't take itself too seriously, as well as a game that provides ACTUAL CHOICE and paths that truly branch off."
76561198020624678,Recommended,312780,17434896,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Gronkar,"So, this game is great. You play a Samurai, arriving in a town with strife happening. Normally, one would not make any kind of difference... but because you play a Samurai, you can make a difference, with your legendary skills. Or die in day one to a nameless thug and be forgotten.The combat is fun. It is easy to learn and hard to master. The true strength of all of the way of samurai games, is the replay ability. The story is generally short, but packed full of so many options and multiple endings that you can spend a very long time of samurai slaying hours to complete it all.Many different swords you can collect and many styles to fight with. And, if you are truly a master, you can make your own style. ""Haven’t messed with this yet.""If you are a fan of the previous Way of the Samurai games, you will like this one. I personally disliked 2 and 3, but this one feels right.The main fault I feel this game has is the... really bad dialogue. The first of the series came out on the play station 1. Seeing is how this one is many years later, I don't think they really improved the quality of the dialogue very much. So few choices, but they make up for it because so many choices can lead to so many different things. However, far as I can tell, it also seems to be Japanese only with English subtitles. I feel this was to try and hide the fact that the voice acting is so terrible.I also would have liked a bigger map, more places to go, more people to fight! I remember the... second? At Night the entire map turned into a warzone with everyone trying to kill everyone. Last thing is weapon durability. In the first one you could keep the same weapon and, with fighting correctly, could never break your sword.In this one, no matter what you do, your sword loses durability points as you fight with it. Imo, this is kind of a negative. It almost feels like I have to use a secondary sword, and get kills on that one and save the good sword, with hardly any kills on it for the tough guys. Max durability is also imo kind of low.Beyond that, I love this game a lot. I see myself playing it a lot. I hope to see some real DLC that adds maybe more to the dojo, another few areas even? Just.... More! What is here is solid and I want to play it through multiple times... but as always, if there was more to play through, it would be, well, more fun. :pIf you like sword fighting games, I would definitely pick this up for the low price tag it is."
,Recommended,312780,17294708,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Arsene-Lupin,"Way of the Samurai games are great. Just... universally great. So even a bad Way of the Samurai game is still a good game. And, make no mistake, Way of the Samurai 4 is (by quite a bit) the worst of the lot.Way of the Samurai games are sandbox samurai sims. They take place in small, localized settings that allow for a great deal of reactivity--more than 10 wildly different endings are simply a matter of course. Also a matter of course? A ton of customization options for how your character looks and fights (there are dozens of different fighting styles to master and hundreds of different weapons to collect). They also originated on the Playstation 2 console and have not evolved much beyond that--expect small, sparsely-detailed environments with stiff animations, muddy textures, floaty controls, and loading screens everywhere.Way of the Samurai 4 ditches most of the Kurosawa-aesthetic that made the prior games so special in favor of embracing the sillier aspects of the series. Prior games were careful to maintain a balanced tone that was sometimes serious, sometimes silly, and always at least a little engaging. But the fourth game is... just completely ridiculous. Any pretense of serious storytelling is tossed out the window less than five minutes into the game when you meet the British ambassador--a prepubescent girl dressed as a lolita--and the captain of her personal guard, a woman clad in gleaming golden plate mail named ""Megamelons.""Rather than a proper Way of the Samurai game, WotS4 feels much more like a parody of a WotS game. The gameplay and narrative reactivity is all there... just a little off. Animation and voice acting is sufficiently over-the-top to evoke the lowest-budget Japanese Jidaigeki, or period-dramas. Think Samurai B-movies.So: is all of this an endorsement of Way of the Samurai 4 or a condemnation? I don't know. Let's call it a hesitant endorsement for now. It's the worst of the series, by far, but still decent enough in its own right.So what's the problem?Because the game runs like ♥♥♥. I don't know who deserves the blame more: Ghostlight, who ported WotS4, or Acquire, who developed the original for the Playstation 3. The PS3 version of WotS4 is a glitchy, buggy cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game--and this PC port is no different.(Which can only make me wonder and what kind of horrendous state the game must have been in back in March 2015 that Ghostlight chose to delay its release on Steam three months).Just take it for granted that the game will crash. Frequently. Also be aware that attempting to start a new game will often crash the game, and that trying to change the resolution or even exit the game will ALWAYS cause it to crash. And be warned that the game is locked at a framerate of 30fps, and no, don't bother to try and mod it, this is yet another console game that's tied physics to framerate.Thing is: the PS3 version is just as bad. So, being on Steam, I guess this is (theoretically) the superior version? It's a toss-up. Both are pretty rubbish. It sure seems like Acquire has been using the same engine (and same assets) for every single Way of the Samurai game they've ever made, so I can only guess why each new game is buggier and less stable than the next. I imagine an office in mid-town filled with dozens of howling gibbons--and maybe one or two guys in the corner who really, really love Jidaigeki shows.So: buy the game if you understand its (many) shortcomings; ignore it (please) if anything I've mentioned even remotely sounds like a deal-breaker, because--believe me--the person writing this review is very much a fan of the series, the time period, the subject matter, and all the many other games, movies, anime, and television series that inspired it. In short: I am predisposed to think more highly of this game than the average person reading this."
76561198021613237,Recommended,312780,17384977,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A.Z.,"Bought the original version on ps3 through dl, now I bought this version including all the dlc's. I regret nothing.... Hopefully the decide to add 1-3 as well on steam."
76561198239669088,Recommended,312780,17578426,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,erobotan,"Pros:1. can play as girl though you have to unlock them body parts first & people still adress you as a man2. tons of part to customize your character3. can have yuri sex, though nothing explicit is shown ... . (can have yaoi too lol - need to unlock a certain style first tho)4. 10 endings, great stories, tons of quests & sidequests, interesting characters5. small world, so most of your times are spent doing something useful instead of walking from one place to another for hours. Oh, and you can teleport too!6. can create your own fighting style7. can create your own weapon8. can have your own dojo9. can choose to kill or to let your enemy alive by using the blunt side of your weapon to disable them & then talking to them10. I don't really understand it but it feels that your action really matters in this game, unlike most RPGs11. Japan voice acting12. What you did in previous playthrough effect some stuff in your new playthroughCons:1. Aside from the opening & torture scene, musics in generals are forgettable. But you can download music mod featuring rurouni kenshin's bgm & stuff from the community2. Tutorial only covers the basic so be sure you check the control configuration so you know how to do blunt attack (important if you want to avoid killing your opponent), change to unarmed/armed stye, change target, etc3. Need more DLC featuring girls from the previous seriesNote:1. DLC ""Where are they now"" which features Sayo is a must have!!2. There are tons of unlockables so perfectionist beware, you might get exhausted & has your experience ruined, play in moderation is the key!"
76561198064386669,Recommended,312780,17455737,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Richter,"That awkward moment when the sex minigame is harder than most parts of the game...Atleast they kept to the realism. It is easy to kill, but so much harder to win at getting laid.10/10"
,Recommended,312780,17456386,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,KuroAries,"It is a fun samurai based game where you can do anything and kill everyone with a lot of weapons and moves that needed to be collected and mastered.The downside of this game are the game is too short and getting all the weapons and mastering the moves need alot of repititive gameplay and consume a lot of time.But hey if you are a die hard samurai fan this game is very fun,funny and enjoyable."
,Recommended,312780,17461159,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,zaishade,Glaring lack of polish and a few frustrating issues (including the worst escort missions I have EVER played) detract from an otherwise enjoyable game.  If this game had been given more time in the oven it could have been amazing. 7/10
,Recommended,312780,24390781,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Chaotrick,"Hands down one of the best action games I've ever played. There are a few bugs and such, but such as life when you play a game ported from console.So in depth as far as the details, story is enjoyable. I'd say this is a definite buy if you enjoy samurais, this culture, or character actions games in general."
76561198041708325,Recommended,312780,24375181,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Akiraspin,"About a dozen wildy different endings, some are amazing, some are lack-lustre, one in paticular is actually a tear-jerking heartfelt masterpiece, and a few others are just plain dark and dreary. Pretty awesome character customization(once you unlock more options), fairly average overarching story thats held up by the sheer amount of perspectives that can be seen. Pretty good combat, with over a bakers-dozen different sword-spear-fist styles to use that are all pretty much completely unique, maybe 4 or five sharing the same basic X and Y moves.Satisfying progression throughout multiple playthroughs (Even though you are weak as all hell at the start).Rather suprising depth on the world, its economy and character interaction.For example without spoilers, if you defeat a certain enemy earlier, said enemy can no longer man a cannon which was preventing another character from interacting during a battle. Has a sort of ""Go back in time and change history"" feel to it when you know what other characters are going to do on what day, so you can either stop them, or support them according to whatever you want to do.Weird as ♥♥♥♥ but hillarious Japanese humor as well. Needs to be mentioned.All around, a pretty great game, I actually prefer it immensely over it's incredibly dated and nonsensical predecessor Way of The Samurai 3, otherwise known as ""YOU NEED A WALKTHROUGH: THE GAME"""
,Recommended,312780,17539546,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Heartless,"Good game, though Way of the Samurai 3 was bit better, but what I enjoy more is that you are able to change style with any sword whereas with WOTS 3 it was depended on the weapon you wielded... I would like to see a more blood/decapitation/dismemberment DLC for WOTS 4 as it is on PC and not xbox or ps... There is a lot more that could be improved I would say maybe even introducing a new area with a DLC making it unique compared to the console version... But overall this is still very fun and addictive!"
,Recommended,312780,20311750,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mjp11,Surprisingly good. So peculiar it was more than worth the £6 on sale. Short game you could probably replay about 6-9 times and it will still be fun.  Seriously weird though.
,Recommended,312780,20326114,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,air,you can dual wield giant fish and wack people with them. 10/10
,Recommended,312780,20636915,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"When people ask for 'hidden gem' recommendations on Steam, this is exactly the type of game they're talking about.It's over the topic, comical, and irreverant, yet there's actually a pretty fun game in here.Come for Jet Jenkins and stay for Melinda Megamelons."
,Recommended,312780,18163949,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Akimbo Chicken Strips,"This game is like a budget version of Yakuza with a choose-your-own-adventure style twist.For the first time in a long while, I actually got really immersed in a steam game *and* enjoyed it. Maybe because this was originally a console game, but I digress.A couple gripes to get out of the way beforehand: The camera sucks, and sometimes the game will crash on startup or talking to the clothing store owner.Way of the Samurai 4 is fantastic. Combat isn't too special, but offers enough variety to float the rest of the game along, which is where this WotS4 really shines. The character customization in this game opens up a ton of hilarious possibilities, and having your goofy idiot character show up in cutscenes acting serious is part of what I genuinely enjoyed. I went through the true ending as a cowboy resembling Woody from Toy Story, and it was a great time.There are 10 different endings, the 8 that have you align with a certain faction are rather flat, for lack of a better word, but attune you to the fact that things could be much better, this kind of grooms you to obtain the true ending. Additionally, going through each path reveals different plot points that occur while you're doing other things in subsequent playthroughs.As for the true ending itself, I enjoyed it most of all. It feels very much like a spaghetti western and really fufilling to obtain after going through the faction paths. Definitely worth the work, look up a guide if you must, some parts of it are obscure.As others have said, there is ALWAYS something for you to be doing in this game if you're not dealing with the story: helping strangers, homeless, magistrate, yakuza, sleeping with women, eating, upgrading your sword, killing characters from previous runs that roam the streets, whatever you want.Way of the Samurai 4 is ABSOLUTELY worth the $25. Go. Go buy it right now and make a samurai with a Sake bottle for a head and an oni mask for a face."
76561198016807668,Recommended,312780,17394858,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Velpecula,BEST SAMURAI SIMULATOR!
76561198125557396,Recommended,312780,20461554,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dill-Dickels,"I was trying to kill time, was able to kill 40+ hours10/10"
76561198043560576,Recommended,312780,17291675,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Chuck P,"Lots of freedom, good combat system, plenty of customization, and a LOT of replayability. Dumb story and low quality animation, but for those who want a sandbox game set in feudal Japan you can do no better than this game."
,Recommended,312780,17303588,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Bearji™,"There is far more to this game than the game lets you know when you first start playing.  You're dropped into the world with the conflict of the plot all laid out in the first cutscene with a handful of sides to choose between.  The plot doesn't matter.  It's not too impressive; nothing to write home about, that's for sure.  The purpose it serves is as a framework for the rest of the game to hang on.  A wild weave of opportunities for the player to create and achieve their own goals within the game world.A single playthrough of the story will not do you this game justice.  That's the real tutorial.  Once you beat the game once, the real Way of the Samurai only begins.  In Way of the Samurai, 'New Game +' (starting the game anew while carrying over all personal progress) isn't a kind addition, it's essential, a core mechanic, the crux of the experience.'Beating' the game isn't getting one of the story endings (of which there are multiple possibilities based on which sides of the conflict you choose to aid at different points in the story).  I would argue that there is no real way to beat the game that isn't wholly up to the player.  The game facilitates setting and achieving meta-goals, which could be getting specific endings, or crafting the perfect sword and upgrading it to reach its maximum potential, or acquiring and learning every sword-fighting style with a specific stance, or running the best Dojo possible, or completing hidden objectives, acquiring specific rare/special weapons, performing the tasks necessary to acquire rare unlocks... There's a lot to do.  Do yourself a favor if you choose to play the game and spend time trying to discover it.The game is pretty rough.  The localization feels a bit loose (but is entirely serviceable), and there are consistent issues with audio in the port that Ghostlight do seem to be attempting to solve.I would only recommend the game to people who are able to find Japanese game design quirk appealing."
76561198044668492,Recommended,312780,17255550,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,jollygamer123,"On my first legit playthough I was boiled to death in a large pot of water without warning thinking I was gonna get a reward for my bad♥♥♥♥♥skills, second I was shot in the head execution style following a rebellion, last playthough it was a failed assasination plot that ended up with me being boiled to death again. Though don't get me wrong it's helarious and epic. If you can get past the kinda clunky combat and the steep learning curve then you'll find that this game is amazing. This epic game has alot of things going on and stuff to do, think Majora's Mask 3 days till the moon falls (except you have a couple of extra days and time passes per events) and dark souls where your weapon's have durability and some enemy's will wreak you silly over and over again.There are a bunch of endings don't know how many exactly. You'll need to grind for gold for your weapons upgrades to take on the serrious enemys, don't be afraid to switch styles. On a side note if your like me and you kill people indiscrimitly and ****** yourself cause you killed your blacksmith's apprentice cause he looked at you funny and you had no idea of the reprecussions, then no worrys. All you have to do to reset your world is go to the boat dude at the docks and have him take you away to start it all over. Don't forget to try out the latest fashions and turn yourself into a silly cosplay cat warrior or a dignified badass gentleman.10/10 Would kill that blacksmith apprentice and steal his sword again!"
,Recommended,312780,17255904,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Neffar,"This game is essentially what you get if you cross yakuza and deadly premonition, then sprinkle some samurai shenanigans on top of it all!This game is amazing and I cannot recommend it enough, that being said this game is an incredibly flawed and grindy game but the good things about this game can easily outweigh the bad once you give it some time and effort on your own end.Learning the in's and out's of this game can take a lot of work and I really do hope that the community will be helpful and make these resources easier to find and help out new comers in the future, I also hope we will continue to see the support of the developers that has been seen thus far as time goes on!"
,Recommended,312780,17245121,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"10 different endings to the game.3 different main quest pathways, to choose from.This gives it a very very high replay value.Finally when you beat the game, you can move over to the next new game the weapons you had unlocked from your previous play through. Leading it to add even more replayability in terms of entertainment.I have been a fan of WotS since the original.WotS 1 is more of a serious toned Samurai Sphagetti Western where as a Samurai you can choose to fight the western expansion of guns, or join them to help finish off the samurai purist.This gives you no real tension in terms of a serious plot until nearly the very end.That being said, I am happy they picked a less serious toneIt gives WotS4 more character instead of a retread.I highly suggest trying this game. Classic Franchise."
,Recommended,312780,17953127,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"I know let's make a CYOA Samurai sandbox game where the actual CYOA story is the least interesting and most boring part and fill it with 4000 collectabits and side quests and oddjobs and nonsense.Loaded with some alright combat, decent grind collection, and a goofy comic aesthetic, WotS4 would not be the sort of game I would use to introduce gamers to WotS but, hey, you play the hand you have, not the one you don't. Certainly worth a play."
76561198050120033,Recommended,312780,17471849,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dankazama,If you like swords samurai and the crazy this is the game for you
,Recommended,312780,17455740,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vear,"Despite all the flaws, I treat this game like a long lost friend.."
76561198014931266,Recommended,312780,17217548,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pianoguy124,"After issues were resolved:As long as key binding for controller or pc was kept default game ran fine for me.I'm quite tolerant of the fps drops because my rig isn't exactly built for gaming and whilemy favourite of the series was Way of the Samurai 2, this is a much more humorous'episode'.If you're a fan of a serious period drama and don't mind a little melodrama then this might not be the game for you.There were quite a few characters that I couldn't quite get under even as a fan of OTT anime cliches.However, if you, like me, want a game were you get to act as a Samurai? With tons of customisation options? Then this is perfect :3(y)"
76561198040359947,Recommended,312780,17224354,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,chrisolschinka,I just love this game!!!!! The graphics are not very good but the way the story changes depending on your choices is just amazing . Denfinitly worth a try for those that like sword fighting
76561198059937253,Recommended,312780,17228147,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,。lee。,このゲームは面白い戦いは非常に良いとハードであるです それは楽しいです、あなたは彼らがあなたを殺すためにしようと払っていない場合
76561198089987077,Recommended,312780,17225530,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Roach-Roach-Roach,SMLoliHomoGamblerWhat else should it be?Forget it and make them your disciple!
,Recommended,312780,22095628,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Banana Arms,"Aid the shogunate in killing rebels, fight for glorious Nippon as a misguided partriot and stave off filthy gaijin influence, help the British Navy make peace and try to night crawl a blonde loli, or just be an edgy bloodthirsty rōnin and try to kill everybody.10/10 would grind for swords again."
76561198126957440,Recommended,312780,24102114,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fuck Me Sideways,Tried to get some underaged ambassador ♥♥♥♥♥ yet ♥♥♥♥ed a dude instead...10/10 would try again.
76561198141395983,Recommended,312780,17216631,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,A_Wibowo,"-. Akemi : ""I'm Akemi.""-. Me : ""How old are you?""-. Akemi : ""I'm sorry... i think you're fishing something. But i don't know nor do i want to know what...""12/10 would love to fish again"
76561198050933067,Recommended,312780,17231393,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Shiro,Amazing Game and Very Enjoyablehas audio tearing/glitches during gameplayJust Remember Dont Eat The Soup or Be The Soup10/10
,Recommended,312780,17198208,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ShinigamiXII,I love this game!
,Recommended,312780,32221795,Posted: 6 June,all,Shampoo,Great game with a rich story and many diffrent ending.but the spear is lame.
76561198149682124,Recommended,312780,32335517,Posted: 10 June,all,crackerjackswordplay,"Really fun game that fulfills my weeb desires to be a stronk samurai who sexes up cute Japanese women.  A bit rough around the edges, but fulfills a niche that not many games do, a good sandbox with serviceable gameplay."
76561198030574635,Recommended,312780,20478079,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,#1SexPistol,"This has become one of my favorite games of all time. As a nameless samurai who gets thrown in the middle of a civil war and could do what he/she pleases. The game does not hold your hand but gives you enough information to have fun and not be frustrated. You can literally kill anyone in this game. There is so much replay to this game due to the multiple factions and timed quests its amazing. This is a gem of gaming. Combat is so enjoyable and i love fiding out new combos. I love the over the top style. Steam sale or not, you should buy this game if you like oddball creative games. DLC practice is pretty scummy but still does not detract from the awesomness."
76561198060420917,Recommended,312780,19378488,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Geewan,I saw a man get tortured because he made a roll of sushithis has opened my eyes to japanese culturesushi/10
76561198017418708,Recommended,312780,17283289,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,天诛,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUiH3NVJrqo
,Recommended,312780,29560120,Posted: 29 January,all,nefarious cum mastermind,"controller extremely recommended30fps locksome people have compatibility issues but i haven't run into any. i'm on windows 10 (i havent gotten the creators update, don't know if that will affect anything) and run the game in a borderless window withhttps://github.com/Codeusa/Borderless-Gamingvery good game based on the premise of having multiple playthroughs"
,Recommended,312780,17299687,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,KingS7ayer,"So you're interested in Way of the Samurai 4?In this game you play a generic samurai that you can customise more and more as you play. You can make swords, name them, upgrade them ect ect.But the best thing in this game is watching the japanease equivilant of the state police react to you refusing to help them by calling them stupidheads. Alternatively you can have diner with the head of state and ask if you can have his daughters for desert.Way of the samurai for is not serious game. That said some of the ending paths are pretty deep.Everything you do in this game effects the next set of events and the next play through.For example, you can help open up a hospital. next play through the hospital is already open so instead you can protect medical supplies to help the hospital. and thats just for one of the 3 factions on one of the 3 buildings that effect the area.This game has everything you need. Swords, Samurai's, triplets, tourture, comedic woohoo minigame, side missions, several endings, multiple fighting styles and a sense of humor.10/10 stupidheads.Edit: I forgot to mention that in most cutscenes you can just whip out your sword and start a fight for reasons. The freedowm in this game is outstanding and some endings require you to do more than pick a binary answers. sometimes the solutions is a bit out of the box."
76561198015248256,Recommended,312780,17300821,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Chill penguin,When i first looked at this game it was love at first sight. This game goes above and beyond from a normal adventure game. The game plays like an old samurai movie and puts you in the middle of it. Way of the samurai makes sure include you into the story at every corner and with its multiple endings it will keep you wanting more. I am currently on my 7th playthrough and i still have yet to scratch the surface of this game. Look into this game when you can.PS. The dlc is not a huge game changer so be sure to look into that before getting this game.
,Recommended,312780,17292070,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Cowman,This game is a lot of fun. There's a great variety of things to do and an incredible amount of content and stuff to do and collect. The world is pretty small but there's a seemingly infinite amount of stuff to do. Eventually I'm going to finish this game but it's going to take a while. Well worth the money and the devs are involved and keep updating the game.
,Recommended,312780,17294064,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Swiss guard,I ♥♥♥♥ing got done in by a box.
,Recommended,312780,17295749,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sunsis,This is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312780,17309970,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,A Skilled Roy,"This game made me question who was really bad or good. ""The Law"" or ""the rebels""?(no names = no spoilers)The Rebels want to kill the foreigners, but they mostly are harmless, seeking to help japan. However, they have a clear vision of who the minister really is.The Law seeks to improve japan, but are corrupt and lack the bonds that the law has. All in all, the biggest issue i was faced with was who was right.This game offers:Fair challenge (You MUST know how to combo in this game. The AI adapts to your moves and counters them.)Choice of the player (Weapon/character creation, chosing sides, etc.)A unique way to make an endless storyline. (I like the way how they made it so if you get a true ending, you can get to face the samurai you beat the game with!)Don't be daunted by 30 fps, this game is still worth the purchase and runs very smoothly regardless. You won't notice the difference for such a great expierence.This is a game that will stick in my mind for awhile. Glad as hell PS3, and PC have this.(SPOILERS)Law: ShoganteRebels: Pjranas"
,Recommended,312780,17321492,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,hλvσc,"Excellent game for a casual (at your own pace) experience with enough depth to the game to keep you interested.I played the original Way of the Samurai when I was really young and decided to pick up this game in a sort of nostalgic fashion. It's great!! the combat system is cool and i'm having a lot of fun collecting the fighting styles and learning all the move sets. So far not too heavily into the story, (ended up being boiled alive within the first hour of gameplay), !HAHAH! But the game progresses at a good pace, and although i feel like the story is forcefully tied together with out a real backstory other than the historical outline to the game, I give this game a 4/5 rating.Frequent updates/fixes to the game looks nicegive the game 4/5 and recommend"
76561198147715861,Recommended,312780,17308167,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,kitkat,always loved the series and this one is everything i had hoped for.
76561198079976318,Recommended,312780,17324770,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Trikarrotops,I KILLED MYSELF IN THIS GAME 10/10 WOULD KILL MYSELF AGAIN!
,Recommended,312780,17311653,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,HectorsOsa,"I've been waiting for this game for four years and was simply dumb founded to see it listed on Steam. I thought there was no way it could be WotS but it is. Then I read the reviews and was blown away by all the positivity and had to purchase on discount. Just spent my first two hours and can honestly say, any doubts I had are gone. It's the real deal. There's so much depth that's I've started over.  Now I just got to master the fighting... and isn't that what the way is all about?It's my number 1 game now."
,Recommended,312780,17389487,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,kdsing2,"So far this first boss battle is quite formidable. ""getting the game to launch""very invigorating gaming experience so far.   Is this game now supported by Windows 8.1?"
76561198053059595,Recommended,312780,17399446,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Nintendo Switch™,"After all this hoopla with misinterpreted DLC, 30FPS screen cap and exclusion of certain game elements, I decided that for once I'd ignore the forums and just jump into the game with an open mind. I found that the gameplay, music, and controls of the console port carry over quite well. It's so much fun just running around and discovering all the factions and quests that are available. It can be almost overwhelming once you're presented with everything in the town of Amihana, but it becomes easy to navigate very quickly, as the game has you beelining all over the map with cutscenes and dialogue options that change your destinations.So I rate 7/10 best Samurai Simulator so far, by far. Needs multiplayer bike races though."
,Recommended,312780,19160449,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Jin,"The System Requirements are a bit whack cause I'm running on a Windows XP 32bit OS, and the game runs just like it did on PS3....Maybe even better.  (don't question the OS lol i'm upgrading just need a new hard drive) (next paycheck)Love the game though, played all the previous installations and owned this one on PS3. Was super excited to see this coming to Steam.The game sticks to what it's known for, free will and decision making in anything you do...in which each choice has their own impact on the game."
,Recommended,312780,22250851,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hussard,"This game acutally demonstrates the end of the Tokugawa Bakufu/The samurai era of Japan, unlike L*st S*m*r*i. There are certain character developement, the game lasts a long time until u've completed all main quest and side quest, get a 500 attack sword with 3 big shot/3 life & death. This game is always fun to comeback to and so on. But i think the developement of story is not as good compared to Way of the Samurai 2 and 3.Anyways 9.8/10"
,Recommended,312780,24227207,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,nEk0,"best game ever!this game allows you to flirt old woman, kill gaijins, collect money and katana from the dead and forge new katana, build your own dojo and have your own followers, and best of all, BDSM!!"
,Recommended,312780,17700730,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Shin_Ryu,"86 hrs thus far and there are still things I want to do in this game which include1. sexually conquer 100 women which is possible in this game2. Kill 500 people during harvest moon and get the title3. master all of the spear and hand to hand styles4.Beat the invaders and Amihama eight on harakiriReasons why I bought this game include1. Samurai and ninjas: I love both and this game has both2.Depth and gameplay: This is not a shallow game at all and there is so much to do and obtain in this game it's actually pretty surprising. You can a variety of different styles that depend on what weapon you're using and the weapons have strength and durability stats which can be improved upon by going to the blacksmith and paying or convertting swords you don't need to ore and recasting them. The weapons also have charms that can make certain moves stronger or cause you to regenerate life and stamina. It's a silly game that doesn't take itself too seriously, but it is not a simple game by any means.3.I've played and beaten 2 of the last 3 and enjoyed this on ps3 although there were still some things left to do and it's replay value was/is very high.4. Combat is fun and nothing is more rewarding than working to build the perfect set of weapons and your custom style and deploying them in combat. Even if you don't want to get to that point it is still a fun and enjoyable game.5.The story and missions: Your choices matter and if you kick people while they're dead or attack people that havent attacked you your samurai rating suffers and depending on who you side or don't side with the game plays out very differently and there are variety of endings and paths you can take in this game."
76561198012069941,Recommended,312780,17675295,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheDevice,"I've been a fan of this series since the first WotS. This game takes everything you've enjoyed about the series and made it better. If you're like me you were'nt too fond of syles being locked to swords in the previous games but now in WotS4 the two are separate. The game no longer requires you to start from the main menu when you die (if you don't want to record the loss) and instead allows you to ""retry"" which starts you at a nearby save point.The game isn't for everyone but those who like it, love it. The combat system is very fun to use and no other game really allows you to embark on the role of a traveling ronin like the WotS series. The original game was based on the story of Yojimbo, a film by Akira Kurosawa and remade several times in the states (ex. Fist full of dollars, Last Man Standing). This theme is continued in this game as its has in every game of the series; a mysterious warrior enters a village and the warrior may choose to side with various conflicting groups and even shift loyalties.The game is great. The best one yet."
76561198034076011,Recommended,312780,17711533,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,stikstikley,"Amazing game with Styles and stances to choose and customizes with swords, spears, and unarmed combat. Can create your very own weapon of death. There are a few guns too if you are western scum =P. Massive replay value and Great push and pull combat system the flows very smoothly and seemingly never gets old. Can also be very humorous as this is also a partial parody of the samurai and such during the edo period. many routes to take and multiple endings, if you like Samurais or sword fighting then don't hesitate, just buy the game. You won't regret it."
76561198030611378,Recommended,312780,17756350,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Raizo,"This game is fun after you figure out the controls, playing with keyboard and mouse is hard and the tutorial doesnt cover much of what you need to know e.g how to use the reversed blade to recruit pupils for your dojo but all in all its okay if you have a controller"
,Recommended,312780,17628052,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sly,"Despite several bugs and being a generally poor port, Way of the Samurai 4 remains a very enjoyable experience unlike anything else you can find.If you can trudge through the initial learning curve and ridiculousness of it all, you'll find a very complex game with an incredible amount of replayability and customization. Fans of swordplay, important decisions and wacky japanese comedy will find a hidden gem here.Also there's a flamboyant British man who will steal your heart."
,Recommended,312780,17673646,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,am i black,"By far the best game I have played. Because of this game I got introduced to this game series, I started with Way of the Samurai 3 and then I went backwards playing the old games and collecting everything possible. It may get kind of repetive but with the different choices it will affect the story and throw some twist and turns. Also there is multiple endings which are awesome most of the time. You may have start a fresh account and then get a wrong ending which will probably end the game in like 10 minutes or so. It's that awesome!Overall I enjoy the hell out of this game and it is a must buy if you like Samurai games in general.Also it is recommended you use a xbox controller for this game since the keyboard controls are just plain weird.10/10"
76561198041167795,Recommended,312780,17625450,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Maddog2040,"First of all, read some of the other posts, they generally say the same thing. i've played WotS3 for about 600 hrs (i know, i got no life) on Xbox360 and over 200 hrs on this title, love them both though this title is different in story lines to No.3.You can play your character in many different ways, be it a hero or villin or something in between. As in No.3, this game shines with the multiable endings it offers (10- i think + 2 secret endings (not sure) but the Event Log is your friend, use it to keep track of your story progress. On that note, go to the steam commuity and get the walkthrough guides there for help on this title ( i use them always). The game is a port over, so the visuals are not high end 3D & should run ok on mid range computers. For me, the best part of the game is making your own swords & useing them to kill people, nothing more satisfing, save before you do sword making or modifying just in case you don't like the specs you did or were given, start over again with no cost.I would recommend getting this title when it's cheap & you won't regret it, a japanese hack & slash with many playthroughs for different endings, a real gem. enjoy"
,Recommended,312780,17749043,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ketcapbro,I'll start my dojo with harlot and sake
76561198155341317,Recommended,312780,17763967,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Not_Scrublords,"(dont be fooled by my the amount of time i played i spent more than 100 hrs on this offline without internet)If you ever played a way of the samurai game this one is worth a play unlike WOTS 3 this game it doesn't take itself very seriously which is good, very good.Characters are colorful like WOTS1, japanese dub of an english men and the japanese civilians are dead stupid (most male voices are ridiculous) likable Characters and returning characters makes this game feel fresh, maps are SLIGHTLY bigger than the previous, mini games are still there, dine and dashing a feature just like buying without paying it's fun.this game if your new or returning to the franchise you will get lost believe me, I just wondered around upgrade things I didn't need killing NPC for no apparent reason and created a dojo which failed and cause my pupils to commit seppuku in front of me and had sex with a tranny.Expect this game to be short because the game is known for the shortness the game doesn't have an epic story or anything but the game relies on REPLAY value, just because you finished the game doesn't mean you're actually finished. More endings need to be unlocked. costumes, misc. Items and other things can be unlock buy getting samurai points, witch is earned by finishing a playthoughhidden new/changed features- everytime you play and reach a particular ending you encounter your last played hero- killing innocent civilians causes more armed and dangerous NPC but if your good then less guards vise versa- dying, lets you retry which load you back to the last town you visted (good for people who rarely save)- nightcrawling a naughty minigame that let you break into a house of a male/female (sexual perference) to have intercourse sadly you dont see the sex scene- durablity does NOT RECHARGE you have to repair fequently (changed feature)- collecting scrap metal to futher upgrade your sword pasts its limit- Spring Harvest meter: a meter like a musou meter in samurai warriors which allows you to chain together combosoverall I recommend this game for the fans and newcomers this game is just too colorful to pass up."
76561198074721973,Recommended,312780,24113234,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OvTheWoods,"I have a bad tendency to ramble during these sorts of things so I'll keep this short and sweet.Way of the Samurai 4, I feel about the Way of the Samurai series (Yes I've played them from the beginning back on the ol' PS2)  that I do about frozen pizza'sI like frozen Pizza's, they are easy to make and they taste alright, but they don't taste fantastic and they are about as far from healthy as you can get. Thats how Way of the Samurai is, I can't defend them to a critic because they have a ton of rough edges, the game looks like a late PS2 game, with ugly textures and unimpressive effects, and the combat can feel clunky especially when a lot is going on. But the games also have a certain undeniable charm to them. The characters are goofy but usually quite endearing, and the customization is borderline absurd but fun, and making swords and spears and customizing how they look is surprisingly fun and addictive, and so is making/developing different fighting styles with your swords/spears.If you can forgive quite a few short comings, then there is a chance that you will have a lot of fun with WOTS4."
76561198134296222,Recommended,312780,22791927,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,マクマク (MakkuMakku),I played a lot of this game when going through some stuff in my life took me far to long to complete and some story arc's can be tricky to achieve well this and Tokyo Jungle..... Pom life 4ever ...... many hours of fun with a wide array of combat techniques it will take you a while and the time peroid it is set in is Great!
,Recommended,312780,22385342,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ItsReLLiK,"It's kind of a tough game to jump into. The fighting is odd and it really doesn't do too much to teach you what to do. It kind of just throws you right into it.You get missions by talking to people or going to the pink icons on your map, you pick people you want to do work for and then you do it,or you don't. It's up to you.The game is very short, but that is one of the best parts about it. Every play through will directly change the world in the next one. You may think you are doing the right thing and then the game will flip it upside down on your head and you will go into the next play through with a burning desire to kill somebody that wronged you in the last one.Everyone raves about how the game doesn't take itself seriously and is very funny, it's true, but not so over the top that you feel like you are in a circus.Either way, if you are into samurai and/or sword fighting pick this one up. Definitely 10/10 from me."
76561198289854585,Recommended,312780,33614319,Posted: 17 July,all,NinjaKitsune,"So, I was reading some negative reviews on this game, saying that they can't get this game to run on their ""updated"" computers. Here's the deal: My laptop is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by modern PC gaming standards. A $275 run of the mill HP laptop with an AMD Radeon graphics card and 6 GB RAM, and yet my laptop has NO TROUBLE running this game.With that little note out of the way, onto my review. Overall, I enjoyed this game. My favorite aspect of this game is the fact that your decisions actually seem to play a big role in the story, making you feel involved in the plot. What I find even nicer is that the customization is pretty nice and the combat is nice and fluid. The game looks... Decent graphically speaking and the world feels nice and easy to explore while being pretty expansive. Plus weapon durability seems fairly scaled.My only real complaint with this game would have to be the control mapping in combat is incredibly confusing. H for a light attack, I think it was U for a heavy attack that breaks the foe's guard and O to block? The hell is with that? I preferred 3's Left Mouse to do a light attack and Right Mouse for a heavy attack?But in the end, 4 is a pretty good game. I preferred 4's customization, but 3's combat, so if there are mods for this game, that would be lovely."
,Recommended,312780,31940580,Posted: 24 May,all,Unity-Chan,"This is a game that many will overlook, due to it not being very famous, but I think Way of the Samurai 4 is a very good game in many ways.The story is not long at all, you could complete a play through in like 3-4 hours, but there are 10 endings, where if you want to know the full picture, you have to achieve most of them. The true ending is more difficult to achieve, which I presume total play time will be like 40+ hours. Although the story is not very long, but interesting regardless, the story took place in last days of the Shogunate, where foreign culture (British) are trying to blend/mix with the Japanese. Creating conflicts between the town, Shogunate and the British Empire.The structure of the story is like a combination of Visual Novel with Action game, where you make important decisions, and walk down the path, see a few bad ending and normal endings, then you work your way to true (happy) ending.The combat system is superb, basic but fun. I can clearly see that the developers have put a lot of effort into researching different combat styles and moves, especial in Samurai Swords, they know how one draw and stash (put in to Saya) a sword properly. There are 55 Swordfighting styles, 8 Spear styles, 9 Dual sword styles, 7 Hand-to-Hand styles and even 3 gun styles. The way they portray a sword hitting and slashing again human body, the movement of the sword with the body, and stops between each move shows strength in the movement, sharpness of the sword, I really like this kind of action games where you can 'feel' the sword slash. Unlike many other 'action' games I have played. (Yeah, Batman, new DMC, shadow of Mordor, looking at you guys.)The graphic is not very good, even for PS3 generation, but hey Japanese games were never known for their graphics.Overall I think this game has a very interesting idea/core, executed pretty well, definitely good combat animation and system.8/10If there is a sequel, I will buy it.Why does every Japanese game features fishing?"
,Recommended,312780,17219744,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,kayudin,+ Затянула зараза :HappyMask:
76561198048908940,Recommended,312780,17200434,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,This game is one of my alltime favourites now and my first experience with it was on the pc.I love these devs too they are so quick at updates and just added mouse support too.
,Recommended,312780,17208034,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,baterism,"Ever wondering why the samurais can build fishing boats in Civ V?Play this game and you will know the answer.Answer:the frickin blade keep broken and repairing it is expensive. Fishing provide money.30fps isn't too bad, though. In some games (like Skyrim for ex) 30fps is unbearable. But, duno, it feels fine for this game."
,Recommended,312780,17307561,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Burung1 #XIXVII,i always love way of samurai series.
76561198044377236,Recommended,312780,17291863,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Krohnis,"There is a girl for everyone! My favorite girl is Laura, 'cause she is shy, and cute, and pure, and I am a very bad person."
,Recommended,312780,17292004,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nicenicenice,nightcrawl with an underage girl 11/10
,Recommended,312780,17318602,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,IXTO,"first of all, this is probably my least favorite way of the samurai game in terms of setting, story and characters.  That being said, it's nice to have the series on the PC without having to emulate.  There is a pretty good selection of weapons, and style is no longer bound to individual weapons, letting you select styles individually.  Updates have been pretty consistent, adding a lot of features like FoV and depth of field options, mouse compatibility, etc.  They've been showing willingness to adapt the title to PC which makes me super happy; it's not just another port dumped onto steam.Overall, it's a pretty good game worth dropping some time into if you're into swordfighting games or samurai stuff."
76561198158029176,Recommended,312780,17308321,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Coziest Tugboat,Its a good game but the sound needs a patch
76561198080415197,Recommended,312780,26966603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Ultimate Quartz,"This game has got to be the goofiest game I've ever played, from cutting up people to being sexual tortured in jail, this game doesn't disappoint on the goofy factor.P.S. It's pretty fun too."
76561197982261628,Recommended,312780,18618406,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jeremzy,A good game if you go in without extremely high expectations. A continuation of the WotS Yojimbo simulator series with a few failings but worth the price of entry.You are a ronin. You make decisions. You kill some fools and take their awesome katanas for your own. You develop your own sword styles in your own dojo.
,Recommended,312780,19108320,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Pemsh,"+It has a world with a diverse array of events and endings where the choices you make matter. Some of the events feel so coincidential they almost have to be googled, which can be good or bad, but simply put, there's a lot to explore.+The story can be generic with a sort of ""go here, do this"", but the characters have human passions and beliefs though they act silly (the silliness can also be a boon as it's often amusing).+There are a large number of fighting styles, and you can make your own.-The combat has blocking, dodging, combos, and so on, but it's all too simple to find and repeat a combo to keep your enemy staggered, so it can be repetitive.-The PC port has a few bugs for me, nothing too troublesome. You need a controller as there's no mouse support.-Allegedly they promised DLC and failed to deliver.-Swords are based on a shallow system where only damage is worth much consideration.-Crafting is grindy, involving hours to get certain charms or inscription (max of each, anyways). Again, damage is the primarily important stat, at least for beating the campaign, and there is no multiplayer.Choosing between yes and no really tears me apart, but I opt for yes in subjectivity. I didn't particularly mind the repetition because of the many styles. I actually enjoy grinding to a limited extent after doing much more in MMOs. The bugs were extremely minor for me, and I already own a controller, so no harm done there. The swords complaint is relatively insignificant. The only thing I'm somewhat salty about is the DLC, but then, I can't even find any online evidence of reviewers' claims."
76561197997366624,Recommended,312780,17203582,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,Okay long I wait this game so long and Finnaly got in the time a play it so far I like it I lotI had just a small promle but agein in can be also on my headphone I get time to time crackle sound onthe music and sometime speech but it's in the game I hope thay will fix it soon over all the game is great
,Recommended,312780,17391297,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ap Hywel,so the new update won't let me run the game
76561198044195889,Recommended,312780,25436029,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,FelipeJoker,"Very cool game! If you liked the others (1 - 3) get this one as well!Pros:+ You can cusomize your sword.+ You can choose among a lot of different fighting styles, and even create your own style+ You can own a dojo+ You can have 10 different endings (one of them as a ""true"" ending)+ You can wield swords, spears, fistfight, dual wield.+ Most of your choices DO matter.+ You can customize your character: man/woman/face/clothing/hair...+ ""Secret"" paths/missions to discover.Cons:- ""Old"" graphics.- Some parts of the game may get repetitive.- Only a few days each playtrough.- If you want some of the coolest looking weapons/charms/styles it can get grindy."
76561197990430270,Recommended,312780,17255317,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,MoeRd0KK,"Just a short review:Graphics are not good. Really. But that would not bother me if the framerate was alright. Just how can this game be so bad looking and still drop down to 5 fps sometimes? GTAV has a way better performance on maximum settings.Also the camera (only played WotS3 before - same problems) is... another enemy sometimes. And sometimes it crashes (I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when doing light of hope cause just before the final fight it crashed)BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT- very nice customization (weapons/styles)- highly replayable- a lot of fun to fight- many sidequestsIn my opinion it is mainly a technical problem which should be fixed. But as some said already... the DLC could at least have been free. I also don't mind the lacking mouse support, playing on a controller. If it is on sale, you should get it but otherwise you'd want to wait. Not the best port, but I've seen worse."
76561198060467369,Recommended,312780,22830557,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bananarama,"This game is.. odd.The game overall is honestly just above average, which is unfortunate considering all the potential it had. Thats not to say this is a bad game of course, In fact its really enjoyable.Gameplay: 9/10In my opinion the combat system in the game is what really sticks out. Its smooth and tons of fun, while also discouraging button mashing as any enemy can block most of your attack, forcing you to chain together movements and attacks to get past their defences.Story: 7/10The game is set in Japan during the Meiji era, when Japan had its doors open to westerners for the very first time. You play as a ronin, a masterless samurai, arriving in the town of Amihara. From here you can make choices regarding 3 factions and based of your choices different events can occur.Character Customization: 4/10Customization is pretty slim, though you can choose from plenty of costumes and accessories, thats really all you can do beside choosing gender and skin color.Side Missons: 6/10Side missions are where the game can either make it or break it. Most of them are short and simple, being there to throw you some extra yen to buy those sunglasses you want. But many of them, such as the dojo, are loads of fun.Final Verdict: 6.5/10This game is definitely above average, and i would have loved to give it a higher rating. But the game loses points due to the sheer amount of potential that seemed to have been ignored. Given time and effort, Way of the Samurai 4 could have been an exellent game. But parts of the game seem rushed and unpolished and many scenes in the game come off as awkward. The story is decent, but it never feels like any of the choices you make are actually meaningful and its not hard to blow past the story without getting invested in any of the characters. Then again combat is satisfying and fun and certain missions and events can easily pull you back into the game despite it's goofy nature, so in an odd way I'm still recommending it."
,Recommended,312780,24245080,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Grin Cat,-Just 3 - 5 more hits to the Last Boss of the game Harikiri Mode (Hardest Diffuculty in the Game)- Corpse Behind Me- Tripped because of the corpse- Boss took the chance to split me into two- Game Over.10/10 One of the Best moments of regrets in my life
,Recommended,312780,18779637,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RadicalR,"Highly recommended. You play as a samurai that has a pretty degree of choice in the events of the story. You can even leave at the very beginning of the game.You can team up with the good guys, bad guys, or just beat down everyone, if you're so inclined."
76561197989691101,Recommended,312780,29046104,Posted: 5 January,all,AfroApe,Only game on steam where you can have sex withunderagebritish loli consul or 86 year old grandma.
,Recommended,312780,17195626,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ShutDown,Beware the pot!!!
,Recommended,312780,17199191,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Roobik,"Been playing Way of the Samurai since the first game.Ignore the 30 FPS crap. The game's coding is tied to the FPS, and it actually runs very smooth.Definetly recommend this game if you like the series.Use a controller."
,Recommended,312780,17208371,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ottomic,"This is going to be a long review. And a strange one as well, probably. Way of the Samurai is an extremely straightforward game, and yet there's so much to talk about it. I will try to give it a review as in-depth as possible from the perspective of someone who has *never* played the series, but the TLDR is that for a 20 buck game you should probably pick it up.Graphically, the game looks okay, despite showing some age. It's not only the fact that it's 4 years old, but that by then those graphics were hardly cutting edge by 2011, the year of Skyrim. There are hardly any gimmicks in that aspect: most of the game occurs in a rather small play area, there is no clothing damage that had appeared in earlier installments and the gore is pretty minimal. Still, they are very functional, and the feeling of cheapness fits super well with the B movie feel of the game, much like in Deadly Premonition, but more on that later. The game is locked to 30 FPS but I really doubt that will ever bother you unless you care more about a counter than a game, in which case I'd urge you to go to Word and type a random 5 digit number and proceed to masturbate furiously for the next bunch of hours. Bottom line, it looks okay. Really okay.The customization options are also one of the highlights of the game: you can place, move and resize every accessory in your Samurai, allowing you to be as boring or creative as you want to. Want a nude samurai with a medal loincloth? How about Oni nipple tassels? Dude made out of boxes? You got it!Sound's alright. Music can become a bit repetitive by the 20,000th time you hear a song, but for a 1-track-per-event ost I have no complaints. Sound effects are also functional. The voices is where the game really shines though. Most of the sound bits you can hear when going through ingame text are different and match the voice actor you're talking to. The entire game is in Japanese with English subtitles, and peppered with delicious, delicious Engrish that always gets a chuckle out of me.Now. Onto the gameplay. First thing you'll notice is that the game is goofy. Extremely so. From the 10-year-old British ambassador to the 3 S&M adept daughters of the Minister, the game proudly turns the camp to 11 and puts you in aggressively cheesy scenes more often than not. Whether you want to cope with that is up to you, but I gotta say that for all the general weirdness the game accomplishes to be fun without going into aggravating territory. Lots of puns, lots of terrible humor and hilarious interpretations of Western culture much like in Deadly Premonition, but easily within parameters, despite everything. Some of the storylines are more grounded, if kinda topical, but again this feels like it's really aiming for B-movie throwbacks while keeping some humor about it. Kinda hit or miss, but I'd be hard pressed to find a moment where I genuinely wanted to just shut down the game, besides, almost everything can be skipped or fast-forwarded. And most of the events are purely accessory. Speaking of which:The game happens along 5 days, divided into day, evening and night. Time will only advance if one goes to sleep or does the next story mission, which means you can choose what to do and when. At the end of those 5 days (or earlier) , depending on what you've done, you'll get an ending out of the 10 possibles, most of whose are pretty different from each other. At the end of the game you'll carry your items and gear to the next playthrough, and so on. That means the game is crazy replayable, what with the several optional storylines, side activities (like running your own dojo or doing parallel quests), possible outcomes of the primary missions and the customization. But we're still missing the actual meat and potatoes of the replayability factor and the game itself, and those are the weapons and styles.At the start of the game you can wield swords, spears or do hand-to-hand martial arts. As you unlock further upgrades you'll also be able to equip guns, rifles, claws and akimbo katanas, using the samurai points you'll obtain after each ending (along with new difficulty levels, customization options, etc). On top of that you have the several fighting styles for every weapon type, each based in a stance, of about 11 or so different stances in the whole game. Getting better in a certain style will unlock new moves for that stance, and you'll be able to make your own fighting style using unlocked moves, integrating up to 3 different stances. You can also dismantle every weapon you come across and assemble the parts into new weapons: make them to look how you like, try to stack Charms on them, improve their durability and strength, the like. Missions aside, crafting itself is a quite interesting side activity that invites you to waste your time (and pretty much your time only, as it's pretty much assumed you'll savescum, or at least many hours ""fishing"" for your wanted part) but not only you're given several ways to make that grinding happen, it's pretty much optional, so you're not confronted by a number wall that you need to vault to continue on your story. And even if you find the game getting too frustrating for your taste, you can always restart the whole thing while keeping your stuff, much like in Majora's Mask.In brief, this is a pretty hilarious game, with pretty good controls, pretty good fighting, very ""horizontal"" content (lots of optative parallel stuff) and great customization options. It is not perfect: despite the tutorials at the beginning the game can result pretty frustrating on your first playthrough while you figure stuff out and there's stuff I'd have done differently or at least explained better, but again, in general I think it's a pretty cool game overall.7.5. Add an extra point if you enjoyed Deadly Premonition's intensely weird, yet clearly love-injected personality."
76561198050428423,Recommended,312780,17193900,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dcsmall,"Having been a fan of the series since the first game, I can easily say this is one of the best in the series. The game sets you in a japanese town around the time of the Black Ships arriving in Japan to break its isolation with the rest of the world. This leads to conflict between the newly arrived ""foreigners"" and the anti0foreign movement with the Shogunate or police trying to keep the peace.It's up to you what happens, you could side with any of the groups and support their goals or stand back and let events unfold. Your choice in how the story plays out matters greatly.The game features a proof of life system which shows your actions from the previous game carried over, such as the language school being open and allowing you to speak to the foreigners. The game has huge replayability as there are multiple DIFFERENT endings, not just with small variation.You don't need to play the other 3 to play this one as the story doesn't pass over though small hints and nods to the previous games feature throughout.Overall this is a fun rpg for those who love samurai and their history or for those looking to kill a few hours with a very reasonable priced game. Have fun!"
76561197997597194,Recommended,312780,17233469,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dr.killshot22,My first 10mins in this gameGot to townTold a man I was going to kill himCop stomped my♥♥♥♥♥Go to jailDie by a hot metal triangle going up my♥♥♥♥♥...best 10mins in a game I ever spent.
76561198005007828,Recommended,312780,19331118,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mibbles,OH ITSU WANDAFULLUU
,Not Recommended,312780,17736261,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,THELADY | ED`OK,i want the mouse control back!!
76561197993641269,Recommended,312780,17844511,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,orwellianbob,This is what it claims to be. Its pretty fun 8/10
76561198058699167,Recommended,312780,17974433,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"I got this game day one, and was greatly dissapointed by the port, and with the FREE DLC argument going on, since all of us seemed to have believed that we were going to get a free DLC by buying this game, so I uninstalled it, and get a refund.However, coming back to it now, I feel bad. I never actually gave the game a chance, and watching videos on it now, makes me even more angrier with my choice of refunding this game. It is obvious however, that the game is not only DLC ♥♥♥♥♥d, but also is slightly Pay 2 win. You can simply buy resources with DLC, why the hell would anyone buy them is beyond me, it's not very hard to aquire them without paying 0.99$.After seeing some videos, and trying it a little bit more at my friends house, I can definently say Way of the Samurai 4 is a good game! Just you know... An awful PC port, locked to 30 FPS.Well... I'm not saying however it's worth it at it's CURRENT price. It was worth the 14.99$ I paid when I preordered it... Just not 24.99$Get it on a sale, it's worth it, trust me.Now, I may have never played WOTS 4, but I have played WOTS 3 to DEATH. If it's anything like three, it's good. TRUST ME."
,Recommended,312780,25310325,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,This is everything you should expect from a WotS sequel.
,Recommended,312780,17471619,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Scheißgeist,Waitu Piggu go home
76561198105058947,Recommended,312780,17481464,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Gamniac,Hrmmmmm.....that Way of Samurai never really upped their Graphic Stuff where it mattered is nothing new. Like always i have only one Point that angers me....the Game is too short....3 Days thats nothing. I wish the Developers would take it to a Mass Effect Level. The Idea is great but why not making it longer?
76561198151225506,Recommended,312780,17192523,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Apocalypto_ch,"I already played this game on the PS3-Version but I wanna enjoy one more time. There are so less games that deserves to be known. One of them is Way of the Samurai 4. In this game you are the samurai and all the choices you gonna make will change the story. You can join one of the 3 sides: Foreigner, Shogunate, Prajna or you can also fight your own way without to join. Therefore you can decide, which events you wanna do. You can open your own dojo and get new recruits. They gonna help you in fight. Even if that isn't already enough you can have dates. There are alot of other stuff I can write about it but all the important things been said. If you like what u read then I recommend the game. Arigato."
,Recommended,312780,26138522,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Nikkibo,"At first I was like ""filthy gaijins get out of my japan"" but after 2 hours I was fencing using a fish wearing cat ears and a tail.cultural appropriation/10, would buy again if I could"
76561198092482005,Recommended,312780,17258421,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Happy,would be tourtured again
,Recommended,312780,17232707,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Weavoid,"- Taking on some super-tough samurai warrior.- I courteously wait for him to finish his speech.- He draws his sword and rushes towards me.- As I'm drawing my own weapon he kills me in two swipes.- I fall to the floor and get a game over.11/10 would be respectful again.It is quite fun though. The town's big enough, there's a lot to do if you look for it and the story is great. I expect to be playing it for quite a while."
,Recommended,312780,17233129,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TheZeroOne,"Way of the Samurai on the Ps2 was one of my most favorite games of all time that I happen to forget. Imagine my surprise when this came on steam.Honestly it's a great game despite underneath some technical limitations. It's not the best looking game but it makes up for it in wonderous fun and freedom. You do kind of just what you want, it's an open world that's not padded out with simple collectibles or waypoints for you to find (well there's stuff to collect too). A lot of what you do inadvertently affects the game, open a language school and be able to talk to foreigners, wander around randomly killing people and eventually the crime rate goes down which in turns can affect other aspects of the game.This isn't a long game but it's meant to be replayable over and over. I think it's something more games should consider doing, where your past decision actually affects dialog and missions and the routes you can take.tl;dr: Not the best looking game but underneath it all lies a kind of fun and genius that I wished was explored more in bigger budget titles. But seeing how niche this game is though....:"
76561198027617691,Recommended,312780,17247037,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Roadtrip Warrior,Its like the Witcher but with Samurai and a smaller hub world.
76561198134119533,Recommended,312780,17194312,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Artorias,"I'm a die hard fan of this franchise, but still, it left me with a quite disappointment.first of all, its year 2015, while graphics should be like Skyrim minimum look alike, yet...a question, do broken swords stay broke or can be reforge? hell the durability is sucks compared to previous WoTSsadly 6/10 for me. back to dota 2 thennote : grind as much as Medicine in EZ game. u can defeat harakiri mode EZ with Medicine"
76561198003553024,Recommended,312780,17195261,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheCrispyDud,"A very self aware game that is a bit of a tongue in cheek spaghetti samurai adventure. I've laughed more than a few times during the various runs. It's goofy, clunky at times, and a bit archaic but thats the fun. Also theres a guy that looks like Vigo from Ghostbusters 2."
,Recommended,312780,17216764,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Qaki,Japan is weird.
,Recommended,312780,17219962,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Bread,I got beat up by a hot japanese chick with a fly swatterGood/69
,Recommended,312780,17199504,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,、Rance、PS4、,Good Game
,Recommended,312780,17231038,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mother Of Pearl,My loli got killed so a killed a mans daughters. Samurai as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,312780,17193063,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,peepee doodoo,"WotS4 is a game where you deliver rice, play dress up, engage in manly fun, and occasionally do samurai stuff. There's a large amount of content between various branching paths and completionist collectibles, and it's all pretty dang fun. The combat can feel a tad clunky at first, but once you begin picking up different styles and trying them out, it's very satisfying. In general, working your way up from penniless loser to King Killmaster of Samurai Sterotype Island is really great. The game doesn't take itself too seriously, but the story is still quite interesting and enjoyable. This is probably the first ""gotcha"" bad end I've ever gotten where I didn't feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and cheated, but excited to play the game more.I've played the PS3 version a ton, and have been anticipating the PC release. The major delay seems to have been worth it, as the port seems to run smoothly, with full controller support. There are small performance hiccups now and then, but honestly those were in the PS3 version too. It's slightly annoying they didn't just put this out as a ""definitive"" edition with al the DLC, but considering like half of it is just there to unlock items for you easier, I don't really see the problem. The game's definitely not much of a looker, but it's a lot of fun. A sure-thing, unless you hate swords, moonspeak, or replayable games.As an aside, if you're seriously looking for 60fps master race out of a years old, last-gen budget title that no-one ever expected to see on the PC, all I can tell you is SOLLY!"
76561198059166923,Recommended,312780,29020934,Posted: 4 January,all,UntalentedCloth,quality game
,Recommended,312780,21095883,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Diggly Cerides,"Absolutely ridiculous, over the top parody of a Japan on the verge of Westernization.Collect and upgrade swords and various martial styles.Help colorful and zany characters.Engage in night time battles where you must succesfully flirt with someone during the day, sneak into their house at night and evade parents, guards, and other residents, then bring your date to a love hotel where you must engage in a duel of playful shoves until your target falls into the bed.Buy and customize your character with different character models and clothing.Then, when you realize you horribly screwed up and get murdered, start all over again, keeping some progression, getting marginally more powerful every time.Fun, but not very deep, and the combat is surprisngly capable, despite being somewhat assasins creed-y at times with enemies circling you and engaging one at a time.7/10"
,Recommended,312780,21212273,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,rmz,"Way of the Samurai 4 takes place in the humble port town of Amihama during the mid 19th Century, several years after the arrival of the “black ships” from the West ended Japan’s long history of cultural isolation. It's a third person action adventure with nice graphics, great music, horrible kb/m controls (you can get used to it or you can use a controller) and some really weird characters.It's Ryu ga Gotoku Ishin/Kenzan meeting a Telltale adventure. On a smaller scale. You side with one of the factions and go through several days of key events up to resolution on the last day, which might be as soon as 4th or as late as 7th. The time moves forward whenever you do a main story mission and you can do whatever you want in-between. You can own a dojo, master a huge amount of sword styles, gamble, have fun with the ladies, do some side missions, go fishing or play dress up.The main story line, whichever of the 10 endings you go towards, should take around 3 hours. Probably faster on your subsequent playthroughs. And there should be subsequent playthroughs as 10 endings mean you have to complete the game at least 10 times to see them all. As the true ending requires you to complete some very hard boss fights, you might need to complete the game way more times to buff your character (it carries over to the new game). And if you want to 100% this game you're looking at 120-140hrs of grinding. I've completed this more or less five times now, with some grinding done here and there, and after 20+ hours it's still fun. But I like Japan...I liked:* fishing* swordfighting* graphics (despite clipping everywhere)* the Japanese weirdness* huge amount of things to unlock* it's a samurai game in Japan!I disliked:* some evil stuff that you do on the evil path was... evilGet this:* if you like Japanese weirdness* if you like medieval Japan* if you like grindDon't get this:* if you're easily offended* if you don't like grind"
76561198013674073,Recommended,312780,18576727,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sedelf,"Hilariously awesome, and surpisingly intense.9/10.Pros:*Choices.*Amazing story. With a lot of choices.*Amazing combat. With a lot of styles.*Awesome humor and gripping character's.Cons:... None, really.The gameplay is super fun, and the story is wonderful. The character's are memorable and the story is interesting, with a lot of different ways to handle it. The game is a great example of choice, (though once you beat it a few times, you may end up like me and end up wanting more choices.) and even though the actual story is relatively short, there a few side things to do to keep your time occupied, and plenty of ways to replay it to add to the length of the game."
,Recommended,312780,24770736,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,🎃 Cabron Pendejo 🎃,this game is soooo deep that i always need to write down my next moves... so many styles and soooo many weapons good customizations and unlimmited replayability also the this game has the most interactive cutscenes i have ever seen... BUUUUT!!!!!  there is one big BUT....  tha way you farm charms suck sooooo hard  and is  sooooooo boring and  sooooo supid!!!!  just pray to RNGESUS...
76561198027180406,Recommended,312780,28596576,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Takashi komuro,This game is pretty funny
76561198028546124,Recommended,312780,17636058,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Steelgrey666,"Trail By Public Beatings!You are now emotionally scarred and my student!Go run in circles for the rest of your life to get fit!Yes. This happens.Anyway, this game is amazing though i still prefer WoTS 1(Way of the Samurai) and i have gotten 3 endings so far(well i got one of them twice). The replayability is huge.Not much else to say. Just have fun!"
,Recommended,312780,17684187,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Craven Cain,"Whats that? You wanna be a samurai?Better luck next guy, or the next guy or the one after. Maybe that next guy will be a TRUE samurai?No ♥♥♥♥ it, chance kids romance that lil bald headed girl, and the next nigth go ♥♥♥♥ her grandma.Then get a quest, of pancy. Go tell some guy you gonna kill him, then instant combo killed, you unsamurai child molesting, grany jumping, ♥♥♥♥ nugget.Low and behold you a new world again, exit the boat . Figths going on, but who do i support? I support the people i killed like 10 guys to. YEAH THAT'LL show me!Wait ♥♥♥♥ me cops got you! Well i never beg! ♥♥♥♥ YOU UGLY DRESSED BAMBO! Die again.But you reborn again on the famliar row boat, ignore that ♥♥♥♥♥ and he calls you rude?♥♥♥♥ him up!♥♥♥♥er died, now what? This figth again ♥♥♥♥ it, im leaving imma go do what i love. black jack, my life.SHAME the lil girly couldent join me on this adventure in!Die again, guy with stick killed me. ♥♥♥♥♥ dident know i get reborn!♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥er up using my moves!He dropped a tin can, i throw it at a guard, get thrown in jail.Punishment starts,♥♥♥♥♥♥cant breath! I die on the  third trial.I live again, same scene, i run away this madness is killing me.Up my game, buy a pistol dont know how to use it. Shot♥♥♥♥♥♥off, ♥♥♥♥! I can no longer romance, the grany got xray sigth.Old guy show up,  i take my sword forth, some guy shouts at me asking if i know what im doing.♥♥♥♥er dont know i allready died 10 times and just wake up again on that same ship, ♥♥♥♥ he even killed me once.Overall i find it strange that i make horse sounds during sex."
76561198046187686,Recommended,312780,17557851,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Hüs'nü Talil,"So I am having a trouble.It was all good when I first started playing the game.The only thing that bothered me was the controle system and I fixed that with a gamepad but than another problem occured.This time I the camera always looks up and towards the character (like I am staring from under the character) .I cant even see the enemies.Can someone please help me?Note:When I take off the gamepad camera seems to return to normalBy the way I cant seem to use mouse buttons in key mapping can you also tell me how to do so?Other than these two problems the game itself is quite enjoyable.My friend liked the part where we were captured and were forced to ride the ""horse"".Wonder why?"
,Not Recommended,312780,33070645,Posted: 30 June,all,BioDevil_Dom,"I was really looking forward to playing this game anyway that I could and luckily since the PC version was on sale that's what I went for. Unfortunately I regret getting this game on PC. Simply put no matter what I do the game crashes for no real reason. I can't get it to go to windowed mode, I can't alter any of my settings on the game to better optimize it on my PC, the game won't even let me start playing. To add insult to injury Way of the Samurai 3 works flawlessly by comparison. Yes that game was released on Steam after this game but you'd at least think the two porst would be of similar quality. So sadly I will have to say that I do not recommend this game on PC and would instead recommend looking to Way of the Samurai 3 on PC. If you have to play 4 just look to the console version."
76561198004845579,Recommended,312780,17268329,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The_Texas_Rattlesnake,Bought this on a whim and was not at all disappointed!Great game! What the best part about it is: it's meant to be played multiple times.
76561198088851491,Recommended,312780,17298841,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ombruank,"Day 1Free dojo from old man and thinking about harem dojo for myself.Day 2Picking lady from the street for my harem dojo.Day 3Taken prisoner while recruting a geisha. met a sadistic lovely lady in prison.Day 4I got boiled on a giant pot.That was great.10/10 for the lovely lady in prison,"
,Recommended,312780,17300343,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Random Hajile,It's basically a playable Kurosawa movie...If Kurosawa spent the entire time making it coked out of his mind.I approve.
,Recommended,312780,17324630,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Seldanas怖い黒人,"Having only heard of this game series through the mention of name, I found myself intrigued that it had found it's way to the Steam store. Having alured and reeled me in it's arms, it is no wonder why many choose to stay by this franchise. Not having the faintest idea what laid in store for me as I ventured onward to take on the challenge of a Boshin War-era Samurai, I was not dissapointed in what I saw and experienced, not even once.The combat is swift and merciless, yet it is fully possible to master it with a bit of skill and solid reflexes. The styles of combat ranges from unarmed martial arts, gunslinging revolvery and the use of rifles, the mastery of spear and polearms such as the infamous Japanese Yari or Naginata (Spear and Poleblade respectively), to the legendary Katana - all of which have a combined 180 different fighting styles, ranging from fight techniques seen by Shinobi (Ninjas), Sumo style wrestling punches and grab attacks, and dual wielding whirlwinds of death. It truly is quite overwhelming.In addition to having this vast array of combat finesse, you also have at your disposal, a rather large assortment of weapons, like before, consisting of the previous mentions of armaments. However, these tools of lethality is not just generic run-of-the-mill swords and sticks with a pointy end - instead, the game offers you, as a Samurai of a Era of strife in Japan, the option to forge your very own customisable, renameable, reforgable, and upgradable deathdealers! Like the hilt of one sword, but like the guard or the blade of another? It's all up to you to choose what weapon you enjoy the most, and as such, one can come up with some pretty hillarious, destructive and impressive creations.The story is what makes the game shine the most. Like many Japanese games, this one has multiple branching paths which either leads to the player's doom, or his or her fame and success. Having only graced a few of the many paths to choose from, I myself am quite overwhelmed of how much there is to do, and this is not including the countless side-objectives and exploration aspects of the game! It certainly is worth it's weight in gold, and with MANY hours of fun, it is easilly one of the most fun and exciting games I've played.10/10 - Would slice through ~70 Dragonscales with my custom-made fight style and weapon, again!"
76561198075318885,Recommended,312780,24367726,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Magna_Draco,"hey, how many games do you get to sword fight in 1st person? not many out there to choose from. have fun doing the difrent ways to win"
76561198020203570,Recommended,312780,17193200,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kolvera,"While this game does have its own issues, it is still fun to play. Mindless and plenty of replayability. I am happy with it."
,Recommended,312780,22493790,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Maggot,"CYOA style game with whacky characters and story. Not as good as the first game, but the combat is fun and the various endings and movesets makes replaying the game worthwhile."
,Recommended,312780,22559187,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,♥ Natsumi ♥,"There are two kinds of people in this world: people who started the game wearing nothing but a fundoshi, and liars.10/10, would murder in my underwear again."
,Recommended,312780,32006401,Posted: 27 May,all,eijhen,"bumps thug, thug gets angry, thug unsheathe katana, i unsheathe katana to defend, he was scared, sheathe katana, drop some money.5/7 very accurate interpretation of ronin era"
,Recommended,312780,17711556,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Robert J. Sullivan,A Japanese video game adaptation of The Groundhog Day where you play as a time travelling Samurai.
76561198018912607,Recommended,312780,17228820,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,msd123,Good game but i do recomend a controler for it though
76561198067013514,Recommended,312780,17359115,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Say Oh Yeah.....!!!!,"Can't wait for the next WOTS 5 but if you are going to make the next serie of this game, all you need to  do is let's do the map more bigger than the last series you had done it before. And make the mode play without the ending make it more free to play after the players unlock all the endings. I hope the next WOTS5 is truly a sandbox game not like this, it too restrictive to follow all the ending but it have already unlocked."
,Recommended,312780,17363569,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Cutlass Fury,"Dumb, stupid, japanese, ♥♥♥♥ing fun, and amazing. 8/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,312780,17291911,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,「pepsi boy」,i shot a guy in the face with a revolver but he kindly assured me he didnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and proceeded to place a large slab of metal in my chest10/10 would die on harakiri again
76561198046608826,Recommended,312780,17350925,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pandared,I bet all of my money to get a Power Ranger belt.11\10
,Recommended,312780,17348549,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ekrow,"I kill, steal and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone in my path.That's the life of a Samurai, baka"
76561198023582195,Recommended,312780,17273472,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Swagabond,"I think it's fun, but a bit unpolished. Maybe it's just my machine that can't process some of the graphics, but I doubt it.If you've played any WotS-games before, you'll most likely be right at home. For those who are newcomers to the franchise, I'll inform you that the game has several endings, depending on where you are at certain times, who you talk to among the main characters. You unlock new options for customization and combat by completing the game, so don't be afraid to do story-missions since the game is pretty short. It's part of the charm."
,Recommended,312780,25153231,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ekspresi,Very Addictive games. It is a really good game.
76561198124122728,Recommended,312780,30512321,Posted: 14 March,all,Muffinman,This game is pretty good. I really enjoyed the fighting and the stories it has. It gets really repetitive for a while though.
,Recommended,312780,33214894,Posted: 3 July,all,Fara,Controls are a bit haywire at first but you'll get used to it eventually.Enjoyable game and do buy it if its on sale.
,Recommended,312780,17474339,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mr. In-Between,"Well, I Actually Don't Know What To Put Here,So I'll Leave It At That."
,Recommended,312780,17192199,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kilasha,so many endings!
,Recommended,312780,17329257,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fion,"A lot better then Way of the Samurai 3, its finally here! 4! A lot more freedom, time to do things, more indepth and feels like your characters are actually living in the world. Do many different jobs, act however you want to people. Very polished and seems like theres no bugs at all. Runs amazing to.Be a bad Ronin killing for money to a constable taking in the criminals. Be a lone samurai fighting everyone or roleplay as a simple villager, thug, thief, Officer, and many more things. Lots of decisions and choices and LOTS of customizations, unlockables and many more.I'm so glad I waited for this game cause it turned out to be way more better then I thought it would be!"
76561197966006050,Recommended,312780,17202249,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,The NightMoose,"Played bodyguard to a British Loli for dinner with the Shogun, asked if I could have his 3 daughters for dinner. He laughed,  I didn't.10/10 S*** talking sim200/10 game"
,Recommended,312780,17208733,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,"i just betrayed my country for be nice at only one little innocent young girlyou have your ending 10 ways, one way it took time around 4-6 Hrs (if u not skip)way of the samurai 4 so much fun than i thoughtyou can date almost of girl in game and can have a good night battle with her include foreigner girl too but we can't talk to her immediately she can't not understand i think our character need to learn english i'm still going on it how learn english hueheehueeheee"
76561197985704187,Recommended,312780,17198678,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Michael Fassbender,"MR SAMURAI, PLEASE MAKE YOUR WAY INTO MY HEART"
,Recommended,312780,17242767,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,m1cr0star,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywVrFQDU4Yo
76561197998962400,Recommended,312780,17232699,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Octavius,i had a sexual encounter with a 42 year old asian woman.i got everything i wanted from this game and more!
76561198079726942,Recommended,312780,33489481,Posted: 12 July,all,JackofBlades2,Its okay when the japanese are racist to themselves
,Recommended,312780,33566587,Posted: 15 July,all,Azakeo,Silly but fun
,Recommended,312780,28091132,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Androu1,History lesson!Be a gun-toting meido.Like true samurai.
,Recommended,312780,17735096,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,KD,"Good for a price of 20$:- great port with optimizable controls.- multi endings keeps you coming back.-story adapts to how you play as well as the next save. (E.G. close down a hospital and it stays closed next save)- character customization is there.- numerous possibilities for play style, both in the story and in combat.Note from me: I like the dojo the most; I am granted amnesty to beat up women and inform them i'm their ""sensei,""and whenever you're imprisoned money can solve your problems. (Like IRL)Each playthrough is unique and the more you play, the more customization there is.2/10 water isn't that great...who the ♥♥♥♥ am i kidding you can beat and kill as many people as you want and you only lose 1000 of in game currency to get away 10/10 completes my real life goals"
,Not Recommended,312780,17199384,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MouZou,"Bonus content including is the game featureBut now game release,they erase that feature and add DLC.Liar"
,Not Recommended,312780,17211107,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Natafish,"Advertized as coming with all the DLCs with your pre-order, but I got none.  I was also unable to play due to FPS issues, despite meating and exceeding the minimum requirements."
,Recommended,312780,17280024,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Emennius,In this game you can grab old ladies and throw them face first into the dirt.
76561198019237035,Recommended,312780,17197815,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Xo DeMoN oX,"In order to make love, you have to beat the chicks clothes off while she attempts to fondle your balls.11/10 would play!"
76561197982605608,Not Recommended,312780,29993233,Posted: 17 February,all,Snidely Whiplash,"One word:  Terrible (only for the reason of crashing).  All other aspects of what I've written below I'm willing to overlook because this game is meant not to be taken too seriously.I play on a PC.  Game keeps on crashing every few minutes.  Take your samurai character, run around --- then crash.  Take your samurai character, talk to a random NPC --- crash.  Take your samurai character, look through the menu screens ---- crash.This game has the look and feel of a console port, not that there's anything wrong with that.  I own an XBox 360 and PS3 so don't slam me over elitism-this or elitism-that.  As a matter of fact, I would have liked this game because it had an old-school hack n' slash/adventure game and I could have gone with that, but the frequent crashing is annoying.  The graphics are ugly by PC standards, but as I said, if you want a console game, then WotS 4 is the game for you - unless you're a history junkie.  Make no mistake that this game is not to be taken seriously but if you know anything about 1800-1900's history - this game makes huge ""don't take this seriously"" moments (which are all the time) in regards to clothing, people, events, and the like.  Recommend playing this game with a controller as keyboard layouts make this a somewhat steep learning curve for butterfingered/fat-fingered people like myself.  Last, but not least, the acting is cringe-worthy - but as I've said, I do not take this game serious and could overlook EVERTHING --- if ONLY I could play the game.If you can get the game to work and if you enjoy it, you have my blessing.  I refunded the game and got my money back so I'm happy."
76561198008507700,Recommended,312780,17190459,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hembrent,DELICIOUS TIME! - 10/10
,Recommended,312780,17192715,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Gyro,"Talked to a girl, she told me to meet her in an old shack. I was then forced to find the girl hidden under a blanket in nothing but my speedo. I find the girl and she meets me in an inn we then proceed to do sexy time (really what it is called). The woman bumps me with her behind but as a samuari I take this as a threat and proceed to uppercut her clothes off her body.After wards I jump on her and a bunch of sound effects happen. 10/10 would uppercut again"
76561197991293389,Recommended,312780,17192849,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,yungstevehar👺,Good game please buy thank you!
76561198067328257,Recommended,312780,17193469,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,jonathan,"the pc port has some damning bug right now. load the game and dying leaves the game in a black sreen so my review is from my many hours on the ps3 version.fun tough combat, multiple endings and side quest that leads to mini ending for side quest characters, stupid funny characters, stupid funny story, many sword, spear and hand to hand styles, silly BDSM mini game and characters called Megamelons and Jet Jenkins. buy it....when it's patched. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,312780,17332290,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dreamlicker,"Do NOT get this game if you don't have a controller. I did, and I've requested a refund. It's an absolute mess without a controller. Hell I'd say it's even a mess with one."
76561198009060769,Not Recommended,312780,18154649,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Triarius,"I should not need a degree in computer science to fix my game so it works properly.Why am I downloading phyx files from Nvidia site to cut and paste to make my game function.WHy do I have to do a trial and error testing and rely off other internet posters to help me solve my woe just to get this game to start up?I shouldn't have too, This game should be pulled and everyone refunded thier money to set an industry standard. Where we the players do no have to make a game work out of the box. If I was modding the game and had to do this sure. I would understand, but I am not modding I am just trying to launch the game.I would love to tell you about the actual game but I can't yet, I am in rage of anger trying to make it stop instantly crashing to desktop. All I can say if your thinking about this game don't, Its not worth the head ache a plethra of awesome new games are out there spends a few extra and save yoruself from the hell I am in."
76561198079531911,Recommended,312780,17219204,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Irosin,Don't listen to the negative thoughts of people 90% of them are just them complaining about the misscommunication about Bonus DLC included which could have been for all they know a misswording or like I said Misscommunication from a small company that has been working to port this over and now to help add content like bug fixes and soon mouse support when they can work it in... The game is fun no doubt about that and some of the crazy stuff that happens awesome.10/10
76561198034878257,Not Recommended,312780,29134287,Posted: 8 January,all,Spartan3309,So far the game hasn't gotten past the intro cinematic without crashing. For that lack of stability I cannot in good conscience recommend this game unless either (if the problem is with the game) the issue is rectified or (if the problem is on my end) I find a way to do so myself. But not being able to even play the game because it doesn't work does not bode well.
76561198048721130,Not Recommended,312780,28922869,Posted: 1 January,all,MrToro,"This probably runs better on Playstation 3. Either crashes on startup or when changing resolutions. Framedrops and freezes are constant. It might be a good game, but I'm not going to find out with this garbage port."
76561198028166805,Not Recommended,312780,17499612,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,arkangelhfb,"Buggy, glitchy, and crash prone...Feels like you are playing a PS2 game and teh graphics back up that feel.Can't recommened at all...WotS 2 was one of my all time favs... this I'll forget in a few weekends..."
76561197993862945,Recommended,312780,18166938,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Late-Nite with Cobra Commander,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,312780,17203244,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,CoffeeFuelledGlyn@YouTube,Interested in this game? Come check out my Gameplay First Impressions video here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2WwzWLNL78&feature=youtu.be
76561198093211074,Recommended,312780,17254108,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wiss2wiss,"So you would like to understand the way of the samurai?Well, I m going to tell you...Mostly, during the day, samurai wielded his ordinary katana and looking for the way to wield his second sword (after dark).At night, he tried to catch'em all! Unfortunately, only a few might actually succeed.3 sisters have so strong attack and are hard to find . Oh, could some master samurais guide me the way to catch Sensei after the first playthrough?In short, if you want to catch them all, this is the game for you."
76561198056397420,Recommended,312780,17209491,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Yaya Toure,recent update broke my game
76561198000460766,Recommended,312780,17245008,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TTV/Xordania,"My first experience with this game -- Got off some boat with some swaggy kimono- Dive head first into fight, see some small girl getting man handled- Slapped the red♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and save the young girl- Get sent to get nails after various quests- Get's ambushed by gang of douches- Kill everyone bar two main characters- Sword breaks- Attempts to fist fight- Dies instantly10/10 Would get violated by game again"
,Recommended,312780,19862759,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,LONGA,เกมซามูไรที่ให้เราเลือกอิสระว่าจะเล่นยังไงก็ได้ ว่าจะเป็นซามูไรสไตล์บูชิโดหรือซามูไรกุ๊ย ตัวเกมมีเนื้อเรื่องให้เล่นหลายทาง สามารถเล่นเก็บฉากจบแล้ว เก็บวิชาดาบมาฝึกเพิ่มได้ระบบต่อสู่ภาคนี้ยังเหมือนภาคก่อนๆสู้กับหลายคนก็จะลอคเป้าตัวเดียวไม่มีเข้ามารุม มีกันแล้วผลักหรือดึงมาให้เซ เพิ่มเกจพิเศษที่ทำให้ต่อคอมโบได้รัวๆ แต่ระดับความยากภาคนี้จะแปลกๆ ไปเพราะระบบผลักดึง ค่อนข้าง random เวลาสู้กับบอสที่มีท่าตีทีเดียวตาย จะทำให้ยากแบบทำไรไม่ได้เลยDLC ส่วนใหญ่จะเป็นตัวช่วยอำนวยความสะดวกสำหรับเล่นเซฟแรก ยกเว้น Shisengumi กับ Where Are They now ที่จะให้สู้กับบอส ที่ดรอปดาบดีที่เอาไปเล่น Hardmode ได้เลย
,Recommended,312780,28633309,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Great_Malboro,This game still has the quality it had when I was boy. I love this F%$#@&+ game!
76561198087040424,Recommended,312780,17221873,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,NAVAJOWHITE,Left during the tournament. Endless Black Mask every night.
,Recommended,312780,17198776,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Seraph Tsukimori,"played it for 4 hrs finished one of the ending lol normal ending and at the end i was a nameless samurai that no one cares died by being pushed into a boiling pot even after winning the martial arts tournament... harsh reality of life...On a serious note, this is an amazingly well written game. Initially I had thought this would be a comical game but it turned out to be quite a tragically well written game loaded with beautiful detailed and written variety of routes that are full of deaths, lies and betrayals.This is not a game that should be overlooked and I strongly recommend it for those who would play games for plots instead of cheap thrills."
,Recommended,312780,17198926,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Guavatin,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the amount of things you can do in this game! I just killed a man with a basket on my head!
,Recommended,312780,17198741,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Baud,"This is actually a surprisingly good game, all things considered.You have to be aware that this is a port, and it very much behaves like a port. Locked at 30FPS, no graphics options, etc. Still, the controls aren't too bad although the camera can get a little annoying at times. If those things are enough to deter you from an otherwise fun game, don't play this.On the other hand, there's quite a few things to do in this game. You can run your own dojo, learn different fighting styles for swords, spears, and unarmed combat, gamble, and do various quets. You can commit crimes and be an outlaw, or you can be a noble samurai. There's a lot of player choice and replayability involved with this game. It's colorful, and it's a different experience than what most games offer now days.Simply put this is a fun game, and you will probably have fun playing it."
76561198035488144,Not Recommended,312780,21204784,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tomoscar,Horrible controls. Stay away.
76561198158277234,Not Recommended,312780,21192715,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,IX,"6/10 for story and features, but It is pretty unplayable. I have done everything any forum has suggested, no solutions.I have a dedicated graphics card, I've had no problems with any framerate for any other ports on steam (Any Naruto or One Piece games) I can run GTAV at ultra settings with no frame rate drop, including skyrim with many demanding mods with no framerate drops. Yet this game is capped at 30 and I cannot stay above 21 fps. It makes combat slow, moving around rough and overall the game is unplayable. I played it for 4.5 hours and I can't get a refund, so Im pretty dissapointed with steam.However, it is a jump ahead of way of the samurai 3 in terms of quality, gameplay and story. You do however have to go out and download a PHYSX driver to play the game. I have the latest version and yet I still can't get above 20 frames."
76561198027156385,Recommended,312780,17237736,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"Great game so far. Still, the worst in the series."
76561198224118908,Recommended,312780,17207233,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LordJibrl✪,"The wait was worth it - very entertaining and a little challenging for beginners. Somewhat like GTA, in which you kill everyone in sight, then kill the authorities, and then get beat by Kondo."
76561198014435220,Recommended,312780,17241929,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,UNIVERSE!!!!,"Yes. Just Yes. It is fun, with multiple endings, so re-playable. So again YES!Edit: Ok real review. I have been a fan of the series for a long time now, I have played 1 to 4 and I like all of them. The crazy factor is indeed much higher in this game, but if you are a fan of the series I think that is to be expected even 1 had some crazy things in it. Now for newcomers this is going to be a hard sell in my opinion and here is why: Graphics, today almost everyone in the gaming community look at graphics first. This is a warning the graphics will not blow you away it is close to PS2 graphics, but for me that is fine, because I love the gameplay and graphics don't really bother me in any game. Also that 30 FPS BS that I keep on finding here in steam, yes it is 30 FPS but the way the game is built and look it does not matter what so ever. And speaking of Gameplay/style. This is kind of hard for me but I know not everyone will like the Samurai period that the game is in. If you like the samurai era this game is for you (which I am), if not I don't know if you will like this game.All in all do I recommend this game? Yes I do, because I am really enjoying it. As my hours played indicated I have logged in a lot of time to this game and I am still playing it.With multiple endings, lots of sword/spear/knuckles to collect, and many styles to master this game for me is really enjoyable. Just give the game a chance and I think you will really enjoy it."
76561198141733781,Recommended,312780,17242725,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Azkem,great game
,Recommended,312780,17205093,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ZombiePyroNinja,I drew my sword on some noble character and was thrown into a BDSM torture scene.
,Recommended,312780,17202501,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DEAD,"fix a bunch of the controls to the num pad and after about 10 mins and a some tweaking, the mechanics are easy and make it a lot more comfortable and smooth IMO..."
,Recommended,312780,17202892,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Aznglow,"Absolutely loving the game. I thought it seemed overly short at first, but it was just because the first ending I got was the bad ending. I intend to get all of the endings (seems like 15 of them maybe?). I also haven't even begun to explore the different fighting styles, many many weapons, or the two other classes besides a swordsman. A+"
,Recommended,312780,17239074,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,That hecking blue cat,"Not your daddy's Samurai game. It's a fun game, with plenty of challenge and an interesting story. Controller recommended. Different styles and weapons add plenty of variety to the gameplay. Hard to get into, hard to quit."
,Recommended,312780,17244318,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,chief,tfw game crashes on launch and hasnt been out long enough for a fix.
,Recommended,312780,17204369,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dan,"Perfect, no more words!"
,Recommended,312780,17239413,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,JerryCrazyWheels,i would say give this game a try with a controller and you can be a samurai cowboy with guns. build your own dojo clan army.
,Not Recommended,312780,17610655,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,maitenieks,"Maybe there is good game somewhere here, but the port is just horrible."
76561198027479226,Not Recommended,312780,17780822,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DJ Baka,"Would be nice if it had controller support. Camera spins more than a Beyblade in a Tilt-a-Whirl during battles, and you can see how apparent it is that it was SUPPOSED to be played with a controller. Did I mention that it should be played with a controller?"
76561198043442525,Recommended,312780,17804707,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rollx1xUP,having problems with the game... everytime something pop up in the background or even pluging in a headset the game shuts all the way down... taking me back to the windows and the games not running any more
,Recommended,312780,18084647,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ST4RG4Z3RKアN,Need Way of the Samurai 5!!
,Not Recommended,312780,17859810,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,Way of the Samurai 3 Was really nice but this one need a lot of fix and for now I have ask a refund and when they gonna fix it i will buy it but for now this is crazy not playable and the tutorial is not clear at all they need to translate this game in french too.
76561198030980450,Recommended,312780,25863769,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tallestdavid,good. missed these games from my childhood.
,Not Recommended,312780,19419153,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Digital Bigfoot,"I wanted to love this game, I really did. I played WOTS 3 on PS3 and had a blast with it.However, the stability of this port is unacceptable. In 6 minutes, the game crashed twice. That, plus the 30fps cap, made this game not worth the hassle for me."
,Recommended,312780,25856414,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,The ShuffleBottt,"Now, I wanna be a Samurai"
,Recommended,312780,20943800,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zöe youi,Good game Beter on you second round though
76561198080672462,Recommended,312780,21955720,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,GvnMMsashi,"This game is absolutly great.If you have played any of the WotS before this will meet your expectations.People saying that its different are wrong,also the people saying that if you are expecting a comedic game are wrong too.You can play this game in 2 ways,dont care and have fun with the goofy stuff,or just go straight serious and ignore the goofy stuff.I played serious then i did all the extras.The sword play is perfect,the dialogue is perfect.The multiple endings are perfect.This game will keep you playing for a long long time.The amount of choice you have is undeniably amazing just like all the other WotS games.make your own sword,spear, join the different clans.Its great.Also,Beware of winning the tournament.But yes,this game is amazing and i suggest you buy it if you like samurai,or any WotS games"
,Recommended,312780,18389534,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Doctor Fudge,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid sometimes. It's so funny in places. It's so exciting in places. It's just all kinds of cool things in all kinds of places. But most of all it's very special in places, and that place is my heart.Seriously though, it's like someone blended Shenmue, Majora's Mask, and the entire 80's-90's martial arts/samurai film genre into one thing. 8/8, it's gr8"
,Recommended,312780,20529162,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rip,Tony Hawk's Pro Samurai 4
,Recommended,312780,31670774,Posted: 10 May,all,MeadowEdits,Hell ♥♥♥♥ing yeah son this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would not reccomend playing unless you have a controler though.
76561198358476494,Recommended,312780,31041273,Posted: 9 April,all,XIII,Great game but the story is too short !
76561198153758897,Recommended,312780,31336757,Posted: 24 April,all,Akira101,Nice game but with good replay value. It has a lot of grind though for that katana with good stats.
,Recommended,312780,17670961,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Raging Salamander,"In my personal opinion [an opinion that has not been to the previous 3 games], this game is probably my favorite thing to come out of japan."
,Recommended,312780,20227046,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jurina Matsui,Laura 6/9
76561198006529155,Recommended,312780,17406644,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kyusyn,"TL;DNR While it's still the game I remember and enjoyed from PS3, it's got it's fair share of issues- most of which were also in the PS3 version, but there's also glitchy sounds, occasional launch ♥♥♥♥ups and some of the minigames really get on my plums; but even still it's still a fun game overall. Basically Saint's Row: Samurai Edition.Now for the long version:First, a foreward- I played Way of the Samurai 4 when it came out for PS3. I didn't love it as much as I did WotS3, but I still got quite a bit of enjoyment out of it. It's goofy as hell with generally absurd characters generally making incredibly poor decisions and quite a few ""Oh, Japan"" moments (Night Crawling, *cough cough* Melinda Megamelons *cough cough* I think I need some aspirin), sometimes it elicits a chuckle, though since this is a game that has generally short playthroughs and is meant to be replayed many, many times, the humor will pretty soon fall stale, making the skip button your best friend. Since it they are skippable and the Night Crawling, except to unlock a few accessories and other cosmetics is totally avoidable (which is good because it generally feels like a chore), I feel largely lukewarm about all that since the gameplay itself was pretty solid, with swordfights generally being pretty quick exciting affairs, a fair mix of preparation in having the right swords and sword styles, skill, reflexes and a bit of luck in hoping that the computer won't be a cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- which it's usually quite fair until you get to the highest difficulty.That being said, the game's got issues. That is to say, bigger issues than the ones mentioned above.For me the game at least works, which is more than evidently what I hear a lot of people get out of it with runtime errors at startup that, to be fair, they were (not so much anymore) patching on an almost daily basis. Sometimes the game crashes when I first launch it but that's generally an exception rather than a norm and usually I can get it to run just by opening it again. However, in the game I frequently get sound cut out- for example, during the torture events (which I will come back to), I frequently get NO sound for the whole event, only to have all of that sound play several minutes after the event is over and I'm off doing other stuff; it's a bit ridiculous when I hear my character drowning from the water wheel torture when I'm in the middle of a swordfight.On the same note as the torture minigames, during them the game occasionally just refuses any inputs altogether, from both controller and keyboard so I'm just left to die as I can't do ANYTHING as either A) I drown on the waterwheel since I can't hold my breath anymore, B) I get my junk split in half on a flaming steel horse, or C) I get crushed by a large pile of rocks. *sometimes* they work without issue, sometimes it just cuts controller support suddenly but I can still use the keyboard, but probably most often I'm left with nothing and just die because I can't do anything.EDIT- sometime in the couple of weeks or so since I last played WotS4 they fixed the controller support so now my controller works without issue (at least not that I've noticed so far, but I guarantee it's not ignoring input after EVERY kill like before), so as promised I've changed to a positive review."
,Not Recommended,312780,34867488,Posted: 10 September,all,Hans,"Loved the game when i owned it on console and put a lot of hours in it on my way to the platinum. So all these years when searching for something to play on steam and finding this on sale, how could i not get it.However, being a console game which is also rather old has not helped this game. The game crashes often and the options are unable to help the game run smoothly without any problems. The controls without a controller are also terrible and difficult to use. I still played a lot of it, and do stll enjoy it, but it's not something that i would recomend to anyone."
,Recommended,312780,34873082,Posted: 10 September,all,Black knight,"One of the best games I've played in a while it's weird, funny, AND historically inaccurate which I LOVE. I mean if anyone wants me to list of the inaccuracies I would love to."
76561198027308552,Recommended,312780,26102435,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MrChiron,Great and Fun. A lot of aspect of the story to explore. The past game influence the next. The Characters are very caricaturals. One last thing carefull with the waterwheel .
76561198009305108,Recommended,312780,28244959,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,"I love this game it has so many diffrent endings based of my actions but I really think japanese jokes towards British was to far lol,it also at same time has so many wierd things in it but still it is so freaking funny :]IT has crafting for sword only and allowes you to make your own fighting style based on things you learn in combat .I can not wait to see if Japanes developers going to make more funny samurai games like this but hopefuly not wierd way like this one"
,Recommended,312780,27885528,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Professor Sexy,u can use a big tuna as a sword
,Recommended,312780,27896356,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cezaria,"You can be a Ronin in Japan, tresspass woman houses. What you can say? 10/10"
76561198185885126,Recommended,312780,28162525,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,acousticbuddy,"This game has a high replay value, simple gameplay but with multiple secrets and endings. Just give it a try = ))"
,Recommended,312780,25457160,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Odinchild,"There aren't words to describe WOTS 4. There really aren't.It took a while for me to really get into it, a break for reasons I can't remember of an extended, unknown amount  of time...But I recently came back to it, and I hit the streets of Amihanahard.I just completed all ten endings and I have to say the range of emotions, the writing, the various storylines, the factions... Me personally, everything hit just the right spots. All of the characters are fleshed out just the right amount.The gameplay is superb, the combat is superb. I might be riding a high, but personally, it really is. If combat feels subpar, it's probably the style you're using..Which leads me to another great part about this game. It's a collector's wet dream. From styles, to weapons, to unlocks, to accessories and clothing, there's a veritable bounty to collect and find.Storylines, Endings, can be short and/or long, and it really in my opinion massively helps the replayability, the figuring out what you can do next, the coming right back into it. Atleast for me, I think that's one of the reasons I devoted as much as I did, once I started hitting my stride.And I still have so much to do. There are secondary quests, night crawling, fishing... I can see myself investing probably,realisticallyanother ten to twenty hours before I shelf this and move on. Maybe more. But it'll certainly be a game that I come back to, I have no doubts."
76561198121178315,Recommended,312780,17671383,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FDR,it was good until i bought it
,Not Recommended,312780,28572265,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,人斬り Deathwish Bossu~,"Crazy, raunchy, Japanese Samurai comedy at it's finest but not the best example of a Way of the Samurai game- a definite downgrade since the third installment in the series.The fighting mechanics from the old games have been dumbed down in favor of cheap minigames involving sneaking into homes to sleep with saucy ♥♥♥♥♥s and BDSM torture.I recomend getting WoTS 2 instead."
76561198007660756,Not Recommended,312780,28880911,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pmosher28,"Dissapointingly short. yeah yeah there are alternate endings but my character was just getting interesting and I had finally gotten some decent weapons when Poof! it's over. Day four into the gameworld and it's done? Lame. The game mechanics were poorly ported and there is no tutelage on how to use the weapon making system, this feels more like add-on dlc type content repackaged. I had very high hopes for a decent samurai game and they looked like they were being answered and then it was over."
76561197996049086,Not Recommended,312780,17277669,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Smegmata,"Game would not launch, tech support would not reply, issue not found on forums.0/10 would refund again."
,Recommended,312780,17199097,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,"Grink ""Skyrim the 13th"" da Boy",it's fun
76561197963802553,Not Recommended,312780,17355583,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,pootato,"I should have taken the hint when there wasn't a trailer with gameplay. Don't get it. The game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.The fighting mechanics are slow and frustrating.The story and characters are irritating--typical of japanese games.When you initiate fights, half the time the game doesn't recognize that it's been started and the NPCs just stand still until the game's mechanism for arrest just activates and you're stuck doing the stupid toture mini-game, AGAIN.Don't let all the weeaboos who rated the game positively fool you. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Don't waste your time and money."
,Recommended,312780,17235755,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Lord Martin,Got arrested and suddenly it turned into a BDSM game where my♥♥♥♥♥♥was dropped repeatedly on a torture device while a Japanese dominatrix repeatedly whipped me.10/10 would get arrested again.
,Recommended,312780,17193189,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jimmerson,"Accidentally surrendered during the tutorial, got tied up and hit by a horse drawn carriage.10/10 would samurai again"
76561197993316935,Not Recommended,312780,17278261,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,XIllicit,"I cant even get the game to work. Game crashes when I try to start a new game, and crashes whenever I try to up the resolution.  Why did I just waste money buying a broken game? I'm sure they'll come up with some convoluted work around but for ♥♥♥♥s sake why should I have to go through the trouble of installing and uninstalling♥♥♥♥♥♥on my computer for the steam version of the game when the torrented version works just fine.TL/DRDon't bother buying this until they un♥♥♥♥ its issues. Go herehttps://steamcommunity.com/app/312780/discussions/0/541906989393642176/#p9if you wanna see the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they already know about (which they havent fixed yet), and I'm sure theres more which will make you want to pull your hair out they haven't even found."
,Not Recommended,312780,20060669,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MagusLeo,Its not a serious samurai game anymore
76561198005129661,Not Recommended,312780,17440278,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,[EOGa] Candy Kappa,"It could have been good. But not only is it a bad port, you have to play through the game to unlock all off the character creation bits."
,Recommended,312780,22628679,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
76561197973300271,Not Recommended,312780,17364134,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,The menu's in this game are just aweful worst i've ever seen.  The controls are clunky and weird as hell on keyboard(I played over 1000 hours of Dark Souls on keyboard and that was fine for me this is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and dont make sense.  Graphics are weird faces look all gross.  What I can tell from story its cliche'd to ♥♥♥♥.  Like 40 dollars worth of day 1 dlc.
76561198090594541,Not Recommended,312780,17451673,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bubber Duckie,"Well, I was really expecting more  after hearing about the 'expansive' character customization the game boasts. First of all you can only be a man? I tried going through the options at the beginning and only having one gender isn't very expansive. Add that with only having maybe 3 things to wear at the beginning, 3 face types, and 3 hairs, and you have yourself the complete opposite of great customization. LOL. I'm all for unlocking stuff, but lord have mercy that is the worst starting options ever.The screenies were alright and it seemed like it would be pretty great overall. Wrong. Graphics have amateur problems that are REALLY obvious, even to someone who isn't getting into that kinda thing as a career, the animations and dialogue are sluggish and awful with huge gaps in between each action or person speaking. I liked where the story was going anyways, but then I experienced the god awful fighting system. Now, I'm not saying it's bad because I lost or anything, I actually did quite well with it, winning despite all the issues I saw with it. It was just really so bad I couldn't commit anymore after that.I ran around a bit afterward. No hud map or anything, which was a little strange. Attempting to follow instructions the beginning cinematic gave to continue the story led to me standing outside some closed gates to the Magistrate (which I was told to immediately go to) with some bots who kept running into the wall and talking about sinks and hair accessories. o_eI dunno about ya'll, but that is the worst first impression of a game  I have ever seen. Plus it was released in 2011! I'd expect that out of something in the earlier 2000s but after 2010 there's just no excuse for an ugly and poorly designed game like that.10/10 refunding this stuff. X)"
,Not Recommended,312780,21175463,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"I both love and am slightly weirded out by this game.Being a samurai is fun. Engaging in pervy mini-games ranges from ""ewwww"" to ""you have to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me"" on my weirdshitometer. Possibly my own fault for not doing more reading before I bought it on sale :DOn reflection I can't recommend this game - the ""Samurai Simulator"" part is great, but the pervy mini-games (including a steam guide on how to have sex with an under age girl - no I am not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you) might offend some people.If you want to play a Samurai game with fun combat and an over the top plot, and can ignore the pervy bits, then buy it.If you are want to be a Samurai and aren't in the least offended by the pervy bits, this might be your cup of tea."
76561198008467264,Not Recommended,312780,17306718,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Gramora,"Right now I can't suggest this game, for me it is extremely buggy and controller support doesn't work. I would suggest waiting a few more months before purchasing so they can correct a lot of these bugs."
76561198030615515,Recommended,312780,23219455,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kazuo Kiriyama,Story 7/10Gameplay 8/10Graphics 6/10Soundtrack 9/10Performance 9/10i7 4790k 4.00Ghz8gb ramgtx 980 ti
,Recommended,312780,17215569,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Gook,Now I can fug my Laura lolita on PC
76561198040864814,Not Recommended,312780,19108918,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Shek'Ov,"This game looks like it would be a lot of fun to play, that's why i bought it but i'll never know because it doesn't run.I've tried installing physx, i've tried installing windows vcredist_x64.exe (because when i run the game i get a msvcr100.dll error) and i've tried running it in various different compatability modes and still, the game wont load. Either i get the msvcr100.dll error or it just opens and closes right away.I don't know if this is a windows 10 only problem, it might run better on older versions of windows, but unless you're really eager to play this title or are incredibily proficient in programming, i'd give it a miss. Based on the fact that they have a stickied thread for work arounds and I found a few other threads made by others who can't run this game, my guessing is this port is very hit and miss for who it will work for."
,Not Recommended,312780,17994539,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,frrt,"Until the game becomes better patched, I will not have anything to say about it, which is sad considering it's a major favorite title of mine, and a reason I purchased a PS3."
,Not Recommended,312780,17332487,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Cavalyn,"Nightmarishly difficult to play without a controller. While it allows mouse suppoer it is a bit of a joke. I.e. wasd to move, right and left click tp attack - IJKO to move the camera about!? And trust me you will need that, the camera does not rotate with you or to where you face at all!Most of your deaths will be to a person off-screen who you are facing and attacking, but the camera prefers to look over your shoulder at the wall of a house. Attempt to reach the camera keys in time and you'll find the enemy happy to cut you a new throat.I can only assume it works easier on a controller. Similarly many of the combos and attacks require combinations of joystick movement and attacks, which don't work well on keyboard/mouse. It's a similar problem with Dark souls 2 - where countering was near impossible as it ""says"" at the same time, but due to keyboard input delay it is not the same time."
76561198038030827,Not Recommended,312780,21197168,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,President of Fedex.,want to fight all the time? too bad. your weapon will break after fighting one person. no matter how good it is. and if you are in the middle of a fight and it break then you are screwed.
76561198000755816,Recommended,312780,17206415,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,นิ้งหน่อง,"Very fun, remind me the old days..."
,Recommended,312780,17248164,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Not Drunk Chibi,What even.
76561198064053146,Recommended,312780,34138683,Posted: 9 August,all,whlnmchl,kinda tricky for newer pcs but if you get a phyx error go to seetings delete whats on their re download one and restar computer should fix the game not loading.
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,312780,17604285,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jackmobob,♥♥♥♥ everything about this. i never even got to the main menu. the cool video it shows at he start if i try to skip it it crashes. the sound doesnt work. if i try to just sit throught that cutscene it crashes. It sends an  error report  before that before that cutscenes even loaded and you have to hit tab to select the retry button. its not like my pcs♥♥♥♥♥♥either. it exceeds the grpachics recommendations. Horrible dont give youre money to this
,Recommended,312780,25884526,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Crypsis,Niiiiiiiiiiice katana..
,Recommended,312780,22915770,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Pabuam Estcola,I love This game
,Recommended,312780,31823407,Posted: 18 May,all,TYLER,fun.
,Not Recommended,312780,22038774,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nick Frost,Now that 3 is on Steam. I absolutely do NOT recommend this game.Lack of instant kill mode ruins this game.
76561198083271126,Recommended,312780,32166306,Posted: 3 June,all,TEMPALE,This game is one of the best games i ever played !!!
76561198058756098,Recommended,312780,26153299,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Aseomon,"i started to get Iaido training again, the game is that good."
76561198035557089,Recommended,312780,28247945,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,THE DOCTOR,holy ♥♥♥♥. no words. some of the most fun ive ever had playing video games
,Not Recommended,312780,22229965,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mischievous_Snake,"I'm changing my review.  This game was amazing on PS3 but this steam version is garbage.  It crashes EVERY time I go to the graphics settings and make a change, about half the time when I switch apps back and forth and crashes tons in the middle of gameplay/cutscenes.  The PC version is unplayable for me.  I do highly recommend this game for PS3 though as it is one of my favorite games.I will try to keep an eye on this game with the hopes it gets patched and update my review later.  I emailed the support people last night but haven't heard anything back.  -Windows 10."
76561198004488920,Recommended,312780,24005584,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Black Douglas ®,"Fantastic wee game this , Superb battles and many of them and most times fighting many or a great many over 150 odd at once""!.. lolAlso its rather twisted and sick in some ways also but its meant to be fun....I also had no controller / pad i have many controllers and simulator devices but no pad.. UNtil now arriving in two days.. lolALso i noticed many others having probs wi keys... I managed too assign some and re-arranged others and some ended up mouse binds"" :DSo On Controls / Keys .. Set H and U for ur heavy and light attacks... Those end up mosue 1 and 2"".. And for ur Guard Set that as I key that l end up middle mouse""..  If anyone finds out which key adds mouse side buttons 1 and 2 please add to this"".. lolAnd now I also found run""!... Run is the "" Hold "" key...So i re-assigned those a bit too... Now i have Hold as left shift"" Draw Sword as Left Alt""  and finally Left ontrol"" key as The kinda Mini Command key as per..Should help a bit so now ""Left Shift""  is  ""RUN"" and ""Hold"".. whatever that does..Loving the game , the fightings in its own... Having bother finding the DlC weapons n spector / ghost tho..Have fun all and Ty Devs..  :}"
76561198385591304,Recommended,312780,33660634,Posted: 19 July,all,JimBoChi,kill anyone who carrys a wepon truly bliss!
,Not Recommended,312780,28874055,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Joyride,"Very poor PC port imo, couldnt make the controls feel great at all with a keyboard though i assume it could be great with a controller"
76561198152708655,Recommended,312780,23779112,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jinkies Gang,make mankill lots of people side with britsave girlsave girlsave girlsave girlsave girlsave girldie in boiling water to old♥♥♥♥♥man who eats children
,Not Recommended,312780,17232794,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Arckus,"Game crashes in full screen 1600 by 900. Also in the intro it only shows the bottom half of the game, even in windowed mode. I suggest to wait for patches. (Using AMD card)"
,Not Recommended,312780,22009866,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DJ Zak,"Interesting characters (and by interesting characters I mean the three British ones and them alone) and setting (especially one that's often not seen) cannot save this game from the horrible combat mechanics (you're SOL if your swords break, and break they do rather quickly, even the more top tier ones) and frustrating pace. You'd think that you were purchasing the chance to go back in time, so to speak, and change Japanese history on the cusp of the Meiji Restoration, but yet you'll be wishing you could go back in time to change your mind about purchasing this game. Apparently I finished the game without even realizing that I had and to top it off the port, as other reviewers have said, is pretty shoddy.How do you make this period of history so boring? Why do we need to grind like we're playing some MMO? Did Michel Therrien design this game? Grind, grind and more grind. You are offered the choice to aid one of three factions - the British, Shogunate or xenophobes - or you could even go your own way, but the game is just so dull and frustrating that you'll never experience any of their storylines. Apparently I finished the game via the independent route without even realizing it. All of a sudden the game just told me that my samurai had become a legend within a highly touted Shogunate militia and left me wondering how I got to that point. What I did experience was just rather dull. Honestly, once the novelty of the loli ambassador wore off, I sort of just went through the motions. Nothing gripped me. I had no connection to the characters, and in an era of Japanese history (world history even) as rich as this, that's just a shameful display.The game's description says you can alter the course of Japan's history, but you never feel like you are at any point. I spent more time getting frustrated with how the grind was so unbearable - for example, there is a very short time to grab Dojima's sword at the hospital battle (yep - those special weapons are for a limited time only and you'll spend most of that time trying to pick up the damn things!) and I ended up focusing on that rather than how I was bringing modern medicine to feudal Japan.But of course, you'll never get through any of the storylines if you have a keyboard. Don't even bother playing this game with your keyboards. You NEED a controller for this one. The keyboard controls are horrid and the mouse support is barely there. You need to use the keyboard with its crummy control scheme to even do something as simple as navigate the menus. Seriously?All this game does is make you wish SEGA would port their Yakuza spinoffs - Kenzan and Ishin (which is set in the same period as this game) - to Steam and play those instead.At least I got it on sale. Definately not recommended."
,Recommended,312780,17193191,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,CaptainKrabbyPatties,"If you die in the game, you commit Seppuku in real life."
76561197995330276,Not Recommended,312780,17196384,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Ichi,"They definitely advertised that the DLC was included with this port during pre sell, dlc scam for 5 years old game. dont buy. heres proofhttps://twitter.com/ghostlightgames/status/626678900186349568"
76561198005295382,Not Recommended,312780,20600483,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Olddutchrock,"I couldn`t find this fun at all, the battles are terrible and the story is boring. Why would you play a game like this where your toughest enemy is the controller?"
76561198133512302,Not Recommended,312780,18327199,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,xzonwang84,Game doesn't work no idea why?
76561198315161299,Recommended,312780,29370101,Posted: 19 January,all,jakeleinen,It's good
76561198174410515,Not Recommended,312780,18231247,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,{S&S} !?!Steve!?!,"just bought game and cant get it to start up... downloaded fine, goes to start up says there is a problem start up WOTS4, and gives me options; abort, retry, or cancel. if i hit retry it will load up and play the intro then pretty much crash and says that there is a problem starting up your game. again."
76561198093947369,Not Recommended,312780,18007717,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ImWarg,"I have been a big fan of WOTS since it came out on playstation2.   for this review i am not critiqueing the concept as a whole but rather the changes between the previoius titles, and WOTS4.i do not recommend this game for the following reasons:- the camera is still terrible.  in this day of great video games, we expect that the camera can detect when we are completely unable to see what is happening in the game.  this game fails in that respect and you will often find yourself unable to see anything other than a wall, and have to stop moving and fighting to rotate your camera to a new angle.  unacceptable.  This mechanic has been broken since inception and should not take up to WOTS5 to be fixed.-moveset saved to character.   Your moveset is no longer tied to which weapon you use in any way.  This has to be the big one for me.  why i gave it a negative review.  In the past, WOTS was a sword collecting game for me.   I would play the game through every possible ending in order to obtain every sword.   Now that movesets tied to your character via skill books, and are obtainable from any random drop, this best feature is removed.  You no longer need to find the ending in which you can kill that elusive gang leader in order to get his awesome sword so that you can finally bust out that jumping spin, because all you gain is......   a fancy hilt for a possibly below average crafted weapon?  booooooo.  terrible change.-crafting system.  Again, this crafting system furthers the removal of sword collecting.   You obtain moves via skill books dropped by random enemies.  You now disassemble different weapons and then reassemble their mixed parts to make your swords.   These homemade swords are able to have great bonuses if you simply enter and exit the shop menu.  Go ahead and fight almost nobody, and craft yourself an OP weapon.   Difficult to obtain boss weapons not only dont grant you new moves, but the chances that they will hold any useful bonuses is minimal to zero.   broken system."
,Recommended,312780,22014763,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Goblin,That... Was Fantastic...
76561198232814984,Recommended,312780,26093590,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Azu,Pretty fun game
,Not Recommended,312780,17213737,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Admiral Oblivious,"Junk controls for PC. How ♥♥♥♥ing hard is it to add basic mouse controls?For this game apparently to hard. The sad thing is, there is a PS3 api for mouse control that ports easily to PC. Right now the expect you to use the keyboard to move the camera, as well as navigatee the menues. Eventhough the mouse curser is avalible, it does nothing. I give this game half a star, as it did not crash when I loaded it.Resolution support is limited. No 16:10 support, or 1440p, but they somehow support 800 * 600 and lower???Stay away, just another crappy port......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,312780,17236831,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Атомный Танк,"Haven't played a game with controls this clunky since I first installed Resident Evil. Dated graphics, audio glitches, and characters that make me want to put dents in my desk with my forehead. I've seen better story and character development in Hentai Games. Speaking of, I'd rather play one of those than subject myself to anymore of this game."
76561198051384176,Recommended,312780,17195676,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"I can only say 1 thing about this game.Get. A. Gamepad/Controller!!!!Ignore the fact I have a low game time because the Keyboard mapping is horrible.But do I recommend this game? Yes. Why?BECAUSE THEY AINT KOEI TECMO GAMES CO., LTD.!!At least the Spec Requirements on this game is Optimized and Playable!!"
76561197994686358,Not Recommended,312780,32684235,Posted: 23 June,all,Cymdai,I crashed 5 times in less than 15 minutes of playing. The resolution adjustment seems to crap out regularly (Geforce 980 Ti) and the keybindings show up incorrectly/don't store right.
76561198158720153,Not Recommended,312780,17245213,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,katie.janczak,Soooooo wasn't worth it waste your money on something else.
,Not Recommended,312780,25334685,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[King of Caylus]  Hipster,"Samurai Simulator sounds like it should be a slam dunk idea. However, the slodgy combat and dopey game world really brought this down for me.Swordfights feel like two men hitting each other with pool noodles. There is little strategy to the combat -- your best bet is generally to whale on your best move or two until the match is over. Parries don't seem to work well, so it's anybody's guess as to whether you or your opponent will have the upper hand after a block. Meanwhile your swords are rapidly turning to dust with each strike and parry.The game contains three major factions. One is a set of rabid nationalists, another are the local government / wacky BDSM connoiseurs, and the last are the British (a 12-year-old girl named ""Laura Rita [get it?]"", a gay man from a 2005 anime, and an Amazoness named ""Melinda Megamelons."" They're all tremendously stupid, and I couldn't bring myself to give a rip what happens to any of them. Why play this again and again to see how the story changes when everybody is lame?There's also a glut of dopey minigames: fishing, bdsm tortures, ""night crawling"". None of it really says ""samurai"" to me.The budget combat makes choosing a storyline a chore, and the crummy world makes choosing a storyline pointless."
,Recommended,312780,23245785,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
76561197991941715,Not Recommended,312780,17276352,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,76561197991941715,"I would love to give this game a good review, but everytime I fix a glitch I just get two more. First time I've requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,312780,17277587,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sigg0,"A trip down nostalgia lane for playstation vets, but not the best iteration of the franchise.  Get it if you played the old (and better) ones, and long for more of the same with a cheesier storyline."
,Not Recommended,312780,20682135,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Homogeneous Khalidius,wow. just wow.
,Not Recommended,312780,17396250,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,willtheweary,"Game has clunky slow fightingAll NPCs speak japanese so you have to turn subtitles on before playingGame starts you out with no sense of directionNPCs dont vary too often, just an occasional unique character will come byMissions are hellishly boring.REALLY wish i didnt spend my money on this game"
,Recommended,312780,24131933,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MinorDespera,"Grinding, queer japanese humor with meta jokes and out of era clothing accessories, cliched albeit likable characters, deep customization of own looks and weapons, deeply non-linear but rather short story.The most interesting aspect is the game universe continuity inspired directly by From's Souls series - elevate the town's crime rate and it won't reset on new game, meet your past characters wandering around, help the guy to become blacksmith and he will be there for you on the next playthrough, transferrable weapons, items and experience, etc. As far as I know console version even had other players' characters dropping into your game via online but I guess this feature was lost in porting.Load the Samurai Champloo soundtrack into your player of choice and blast off."
,Not Recommended,312780,32796167,Posted: 25 June,all,Dormouse42,This game and Windows 10... Nope. Returning.
76561198001978853,Not Recommended,312780,17268953,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sanastus,"promised dlcs with pre-orders, never got them"
,Not Recommended,312780,17242010,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,★ Livvy,The game is poorly coded and will not run on all systems.
,Not Recommended,312780,26559997,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kameraden,"Graphics:  Colorful, enjoyable, not top of the line, but to be honest, that isn't the appeal of the game regardless.Gameplay: Utterly Horrific.  Even with a Controller, it's the weakest part of the entire game.  Combat is boring, grindy, and for a game which you face multiple enemies they do not even offer a proper way to switch between targets.   It's pretty much a Fighting Game with solo fights among groups of many with a Dynasty Warrior style power attack that allows you to wreck an entire group when needed.  Gets boring quick.Story: Not to bad, the concept is sound, presentation isn't exactly that impressive though.  You have around ten different possible endings with different branches that can take you two those endings.  So definitely has variety in story going for it.  Counting on your choices you can literally play the game a few dozen times and still get something originality out of it.    Best part of the game really.  If you like Tell Tale games, I can promise you would likely at least enjoy this game for that.Characters:  Definition of Stereotypes across the board, and some of the worst character design I can imagine at times.   They feel like a poorly conceived anime.  Presentation of characters is so bad that it is almost embarrassing, the villains are pure cartoon villains with no illusion that they're villains for example.Playability:   It isn't the most stable game.  I've encountered a few Crashes, but nothing to really complain about.  Playing the game itself it's a nightmare at times.  Mountains of Menus for literally everything you do often.  Combine that with the boring combat in the game, it can get quite tedious.    Over all the entire game itself is tedious.  If you want to make a good sword you have to grind tediously, if you want to max your combat skills in a specific martial art, you have to grind tediously, if you want to make enough points to unlock everything you have to grind tediously.  Grind, Grind, Grind and more Grind.  For a game with so many different endings/possibility in the story they though it was necessary to throw tedious grind into a game that really didn't even need it to begin with to boost what might be 20-30 hours of content into 50-100 hours of all grind.   Something that did nothing but hurt the game honestly.In conclusion.  I like the game about as much as I hate it.  I had some enjoyable moments, even some laughs at some of the story and cutscenes.  Other times I wanted to literally bite one of my fingers off to keep myself from screaming at utterly horrible experiences I encountered.   Being I do not to give this game a ""Negative"" score, as that would emply it is a bad game, which to be honest, I think it is not a bad game, just not a good game either, it's kind of in between.  I really do not want to recommend it to anyone.  I think I will continue playing it just to say I've unlocked everything, but the grindy aspect of the game means I can only do that in short burst."
,Not Recommended,312780,17197364,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Ange le Carré,"-Hated the camera on it-Wouldnt let me turn camera- Tried looking on camera settings- Tried all that- kept running into wallsNot sure if I just fail and couldn't find the correct setting to let me turn the camera around the guy but I can't play a game where there's no option to at least look around your character / Turn the camera in sync with your turning of the character , when I turned the character the camera was still looking the other way.. I did turn up the camera settings to the max but still slow.Probably would of liked it if not due to the camera..Always the camera's fault."
,Recommended,312780,21678831,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,haysooz,im gay xd
76561198125593618,Not Recommended,312780,29608304,Posted: 31 January,all,thrownofclouds,spent 25 dolers on a game that wont even open let alone run very upset.
,Not Recommended,312780,17443755,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BL@DE#EZ_MMR!,"OMG....What the fock is this game?? Played the 3rd game which was better in the ps2 system.. focking stories , characters and mini games are cringe worthy...focking battle controls feels awkward by using solely keyboard to play and  no mouse support (can't believe I bought a PC controller for this crap) ! Character customization  feels limited even when you unlock everything..heck even voice acting is so focking cringe worthy ! I can't believe I manage to finish this game!"
76561197982545248,Not Recommended,312780,17378149,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Marauderrr,The end credits are longer than the game.
76561198082239596,Recommended,312780,25540912,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Rus,Samurai gamr aint bad at all 8.5/10
76561197961542248,Not Recommended,312780,20438046,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DarkKnight,"Boring, crazy grindfest slotmachine simulator. Not worth your time. DLC is a rip-off almost the price of game."
,Not Recommended,312780,32693433,Posted: 23 June,all,NordLead,"Way of the Crash 4......Terrible port for the PC, or maybe its just bad Compatibility for Windows 10 users"
76561197970701643,Recommended,312780,23788889,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,You can run around in a nappy.
76561198222979444,Not Recommended,312780,24032217,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dr.Death,it works better on sony playstation platformon pc it have many bugs ( hard to control - no key assigning option )
76561198024406445,Not Recommended,312780,17246685,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,AMAZON PRIME,"Can't run game, app crashes.  Double checked this issue online and it seems hundreds of people are suffering the same thing.  Not a GPU issue, or computer issue. ♥♥♥♥♥♥poor prep for release.  Another game that wasn't properly finished and released as beta.  Take a chance?  Nah I went with the refund."
,Not Recommended,312780,17556044,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Stöpsel,"WTF ...This might be the worst port i've ever ""played"".In 10 minutes of playtime the game crasehd 3 times !!!You can't use your mouse for attacking or camera.Do I have to write more ??? (There is plenty. Trust me)If you don't have a controller for your PC it's a waist of your time and money."
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,312780,24435466,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,stevealafogg,"Broken way the the samurai is what it should be called. please dont waste your money on this. if the creators and steam cant even fix this game after all these years of it being out and are still selling it then they really dont care and only want your money... very sad to becuase its a very interesting game and i really want to play it, but i cant. you walk 2 feet in the game and it crashes, you alt tab out of the game and it crashes, you try to modify the game in anyway at all- graphics- volume- a trainer- talk to a ranome person. anything and they game crashes. i really wish thye would fix this already but its not likely to happen"
76561197981572497,Not Recommended,312780,25123631,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,wize1,INCREDIBLE game. Combat great. Movement great. Tripping over dead bodies and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Slicing ♥♥♥♥♥s up. Pulling my sword out while i'm running and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hitting up the geisha girls. Getting my sword sharpened and not paying for it.BUT THE GAME IS TOO ♥♥♥♥ING SHORT.
,Recommended,312780,17438995,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Fastcarriage,YOU GET A GUN LATER IN THE GAME AND CAN SHOOT JAPSU S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S A  U S APEARL HARBOR NEVER FORGET
76561198091053719,Not Recommended,312780,17201834,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Redfield,"Unfriendly interface, terrible graphic, bugs and etc. It's not hard to find what you hate about an incomplete arpg in this game. Sure this game has some good points like free to choose your story line. But it really makes my play experience painful and boring. If you have time to kill and have no idea what to do, you can try it. If not, you'd better watch some players' video about it before you waste your time on it. Sure, this is my personal opinion. It's possible someone like it. But for me, I regret to waste my time and money on it."
,Not Recommended,312780,17208503,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Munthai☝,Spent my money dunno on what
76561198019259862,Not Recommended,312780,25284622,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fox with a Shotgun,"Picked up the game on a whim. I'll try to be polite when reviewing this, but I don't think that will hold.Graphics: 1/5. There are absolutely no graphics settings other than resolution, and it seems like the developers changed the textures from PS3-level graphics to something that belongs more on a PS2. For a game on PC, port or otherwise, this is...atrocious.Sound: 2/5. The voice acting is wooden, and the sound effects are somewhat...underwhelming. I literally cringed at the hit sounds when fighting; the sounds seem more appropriate in a low-budget anime.Gameplay: -5/5. So you've got lacklustre combo-based fighting, coupled with some of the least well-explained combat mechanics in any game. Sure, they explain heavy and light attacks, and directional combination attacks; and then you realise halfway down that there are grab attacks, that are never explained. Picking up items and equipping them requires a strange combination of keystrokes on both hands which does not pause the game while you switch to a weapon that isn't broken; enjoy eating a knuckle sandwich from your opponents in that time and get floored.Update: There are yet more frustrations with the game's method of implementation. Being framerate locked to 30/60 fps for processing causes odd behaviour during button mash sequences. Combat is normally locked on a linear course between two combatants, ala Street Fighter; but because the camera does not rotate to show the two fighters side-on to the screen, this causes directional commands on a mouse-keyboard system to become awkward. When an enemy is to the bottom right of the screen, and your character is top left, what does sidestepping become? It's never clear in this case. If you have a PS4 controller or a X360 controller, this may be corrected - but why are you playing a port instead of the original?Add to the fact that combat breaks whenever the two combatants aren't on the same floor level, and you've got even more problems. If there's so much as a narrow pillar in between you and your opponent, congratulations, someone else gets a cheap shot in your back because you aren't duelling them any more. Fighting next to stairs is next to impossible for this reason, as you are very likely to either knock them off the stairs or you get knocked onto the stairs, breaking combat.Overall verdict: 0/5.Easily the worst $20 I've ever spent on a game. Controls? Makes Fallout 4's menu system look like a godsend. Default key mappings are truly, utterly bizarre; in-game manual does not explain majority of basic combat maneuvers."
,Not Recommended,312780,17259889,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,LIl Criyote,"One of the best pc ports ever made.Locked at 30 fpsNo ♥♥♥♥ing mouse support.Over priced.I also like that I have to pay for♥♥♥♥♥♥that should already be in the game. (Overpriced DLC)You dont have a controller? Well ♥♥♥♥ you.I had more fun installing the game, had even more fun getting my refund.I should have just bought a real katana and killed myself"
76561198095215156,Not Recommended,312780,28683307,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Emi,"Every time I try to load this game to play, it crashes. I would not spend your money on it"
,Not Recommended,312780,17195597,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fawkzi,"I'd love to review this properly as I'm a huge fan of the WoTS series but I can't play the game for more than ten minutes at a time without it crashing on me during stupid things such as visiting a merchant or drawing my sword. Instant refund. I do not recommend, I was looking forward to this, even pre-ordered it.....lesson learned."
76561198013115752,Not Recommended,312780,17197819,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,noman1200,The game CTD wene I tryed to start a new game after trying 4 times got it to work then I got killed and it killed the game can't lode or start a new game.
76561198044646961,Recommended,312780,23009960,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ebon Wolf,The one game where I will accept the 30fps lock.
76561198042668176,Not Recommended,312780,27940610,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jorge,Absolute garbage.  I like silly fun games but this game is so unplayable.  Nothing makes sense and controls don't work.
,Recommended,312780,17190695,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,S71CKYR1C3,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrQAOvR5oFYAll you need to know.
,Not Recommended,312780,25890317,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,highTower,"Start, crash. Start, crash. Start, crash. Start, intro, crash because of tabbing out and checking why its only 30 FPS - crash...Uninstalled."
76561198080602150,Not Recommended,312780,32911401,Posted: 27 June,all,BAMorrison,"2/10This game will infuriate you, it's tacky, badly designed, bad looking, and most of all it's annoying to play, everything is a hassle to accomplish, everything is backwards and I quite simply don't see any value in this game, expect for it's ideas of sillyness."
,Not Recommended,312780,32913193,Posted: 27 June,all,5team Game Indonesia,cant operate in my windows 7 too..way of the error !wasting money
76561197999587941,Not Recommended,312780,32313020,Posted: 10 June,all,Deckard Cain,Nothing but crashes
,Not Recommended,312780,26744444,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,COCK,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequel
76561198087761580,Not Recommended,312780,33013466,Posted: 29 June,all,Megadra,"I hoped that I would get some kind of ""so bad It's good"" experience out of this like Deadly Premonition or Shinobido 2. Unfortunately after under an hour of playtime I can't force my self to continue. Unfortunate disappointment.Pros+ Had the honor of meeting a woman named Melinda Megamelons. I'll use that as my next famale character in any game.+/- The conversations and cutscenes are so bad they are actually kinda hilariousCons-Changing the resolution or Alt+tab crashed the game before getting out of the main menu.-I haven't played a game with this bad combat and overall controls in over 15 years. (some early ps2 games come to mind)-The first tutorial lasts over half an hour telling the most basic things and the phases last forever, ignoring if you even do the intended actions or not.-When finally I reached the first battle I chose the ""I don't like dogs"" dialogue option and the ""good guy"" decided to kill me. I had to start the game all over again and I seriously can't go throught that tutorial section ever again."
,Not Recommended,312780,32348102,Posted: 11 June,all,Kazu,This game should be called Crash simulator 2015
76561198014010906,Not Recommended,312780,17198597,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,djrobertjohnson,Why did the Master Race have to wait 3 years for a bad port of this game? I can't recommend this and I'm a huge fan of the series. Why does WOTS 4 look no diffrent then WOTS 2? Bad camera. Bad texures. Insta-refund.  If you're gonna have a story this dumb. You better have some boss gameplay. WOTS 4 has neither.
,Recommended,312780,23605684,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Noctris,Helps man with midlife crisisHelps unite japanHelps random peopleRuns dojoHelps someone find a jobHelps the homelessHelps old man with retirementGood for nothing10/10
,Not Recommended,312780,22908245,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,alexandhotshot,"This game is full of glitches and half the time the controls dont even work and ended lagging and freezing.  I would not recommend this game, because of the fact that the tutorial in this game is not that great and using a controller on this game is almost impossible cause the controls dont work."
,Not Recommended,312780,17192959,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kazencheff,"Voice stuttering, 4 year old graphics, awkward actions... not to mention the game was already in a pretty bad shape when released via Playstation 3 years ago. Wouldn't recommend unless the patch comes out to fix the horrible port and stutterings. Bit too many bugs to enjoy.フリーズは今のところ少ないですが、処理落ちは何度かしています。正直に言って、PS3版とあまり違いがないですね。"
76561198294916267,Not Recommended,312780,31824173,Posted: 18 May,all,alexphan1900,Game is crashed when start
76561198160549137,Not Recommended,312780,28510888,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,i am salty...,cant run
,Not Recommended,312780,23852084,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Facetime,Clunky controls and constant crashes. refund incoming.
,Not Recommended,312780,23998050,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Over 9000 spies,"Lame afsandbox for ants, sad customization,  and repetitiveMEH/10"
76561198079278386,Not Recommended,312780,24041304,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,✪ FlenTiX,Waste of money
76561198055899281,Not Recommended,312780,17197254,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Moosehead700,"Cant stand the  controls and graphics are bleh, could have looked nicer"
,Not Recommended,312780,17194635,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,∫(e^x)dx,A whole lotta garbage
,Not Recommended,312780,17194670,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MÅSMÅSMÅS,They are selling DLCs for a 3 year old game. WHAT. I hope this game will be swarmed with negative reviews.Thats an inexcusable move from the publishers.
,Not Recommended,312780,17195435,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mu'Ammar of Carthus,"Pros:- None so far.Cons:- Awful graphics. Crazy aliasing and 1080p is pretty much nothing more than 720p upscaled.- Awful combat and the 30 fps doesn't help. Attacks animations are like 2 frames.- Dialogues feel basically like background noise.I'm really into japanese culture (and asian culture in general), samurais and everything, but not to the point I'd play this for more than 20 minutes before I get a refund."
76561198068656072,Not Recommended,312780,17195046,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Shadow Dragon,ive played this game for a while now and its starting to get enjoyable but the controlles r stilll anoying so i wouldnt recommend this game unless u love this kind of game and have a lot of patience to get use to it but once u do its kinda nice.
76561198338858845,Not Recommended,312780,26189418,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nightshade1323,the game crashes even though i checked that i could run it and now am looking for a refund
,Not Recommended,312780,26427285,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Username,"Absolutely awful experience trying to play this game. Click start. Crash. Repeat cycle endlessly. It's probably just my potato of a computer, but I tried everything, and checked for compatibility, and I got greenlights for both Minimum and Recommended.Would not recommend, and I filed for refund. I hope and pray I get my money back."
76561198180914375,Not Recommended,312780,23425859,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,^_^shiro senpai^_^,i cant get it to work its so sad i really really reallllllllly wanted to play this game and i cant get a refund ether some one please help Q^Q
,Not Recommended,312780,23855381,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,zeek,This is one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest ports I've played on Steam.
,Not Recommended,312780,17192827,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Britbong,30 FPSForced 360 controls on screen making it hard to know what you're doing at all with keyboardGraphics look identical to PS3Thanks for the table scraps japs.
76561198163961089,Not Recommended,312780,30823245,Posted: 29 March,all,Brandonholliman231,Very boring
,Not Recommended,312780,34122896,Posted: 9 August,all,Dankmemesandbaddreams,Its boring
76561198009582230,Not Recommended,312780,17191032,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,McSOUS,terrible port
,Not Recommended,312780,17979059,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,3viltiki,"This game is a broken piece of crap and a resource hog. As entertaining as it could be to play through, I'm not willing to sit around and wait for the constantly seizing dialogue scenes to unglitch themselves, anywhere from 2 to 5 minute freezes that can happen multiple times per scene. I've heard great things about the Way of the Samurai series from friends who have played and enjoyed them. Unfortunately I can't count myself among them with this terrible PC port."
,Recommended,312780,17983505,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,R2-D2,"A guy with a skull on his neck can't be a good person. No, wait, he is... no, he's not.Awesome game, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,312780,18080617,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ToothlessRebel,I love this game!
,Recommended,312780,17525283,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Zhyma,"Absolutely love this game, have been playing WOTS since it ever came out.It is a bit different then the other ones and I think its a good thing.I recommend just kinda doing your own thing. I used a guide later on for how to do the endings because I also figured out new things I could do as well as finally being able to make my character look better.My biggest pet peeve about this game is the character customization, in the previous games I felt there were better clothing options and hair styles, however I haven't fully unlocked everything so here is to hoping!I would defintely pick up this game for 25 bucks."
76561198003075445,Recommended,312780,17191010,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Doofio,"As of typing, the game refuses to go past the game's splash screen cut scene. Upon launch it fails to read Nvidia physx asking me to ignore the issue, abort or retry. If I ignore or retry it it proceeds to play until the cinematic ends then CTDs. If I skip it, it CTDs.All my drivers are recent and up-to-date.Edit:So, they pretty quickly rolled out a series of updates that have expanded both the meagre graphics options and fixed a lot of the very basic crashes. As they did it within the first week I think it's worth saying that the game is now worth getting: It's still a rubbish port, but as rubbish ports go it's one of the best out there - very smooth, no crashing at all, constant frame rate, prompt load times."
76561198240083432,Recommended,312780,17611316,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RMX,"Has a few graphic errors (minor), but I STRONGLY recommend this game."
76561198016257153,Recommended,312780,17266443,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DraxTemSklounts,"stops working as soon as you hit play  retry or ignore gets it to the very long intro where if you hit space it crashes or you can wait and it crashes anyway. please fix i was excited for this and im not very happy with the what looks like a bad port of an old game with some bugs. itd be nice if i could play the game before i get to judge it. ill change it when i can play.Edit: Works now im having more fun than ever, can only get one ending though. gotta stop breaking things for my own amusement. 5/5"
,Recommended,312780,17535874,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,SomeoneOkay,"WARNING!!!!!: This game isNOTHISTORICALLY ACCURATE!!!!!My afro-sporting murderhobo with a fish sword beat up the heads of every faction, then told a geisha she had a nice♥♥♥♥♥ broke into her house, knocked out her husbando and (consensually!) crawled into bed with her. Weird things happened.Then I became soup. A+."
76561198033058381,Recommended,312780,17540311,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,「Kei-Chi」,"Its kinda like Gintama simulator, there are no aliens, but there are British, so it kinda counts."
76561198044225382,Recommended,312780,18223165,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,JulgaTH,"Loved the game. I've gone through 10+ replays and have invest 68 hours so far and I intend to put in more, because I really feel like completing this game (something I rarely do). The graphics aren't amazing, and some of the gameplay and the way the camera functions may be annoying at times, but overall the game has been really fun and it has been a long time since a game has entertained me for this long. The characters are like-able and memorable, the stories are amusing and fun, you fight and feel like a samurai, interacting with the world is enjoyable... I can go on. I've become a fan of the series and would be willing to try the three previous ones after have played this one."
76561198165146124,Recommended,312780,18215999,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dopey,The title explains itself clearly i believe :)
,Recommended,312780,18196569,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GODHAND,"I've played the WoTs series since 2003'ish so i'm very familiar with what to expect in terms of gameplay and story. I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys ""B rated games"" and has a sense of humor for japanese hijinks. If you're new to this game i recommend starting off on easy difficulty and farming money and swords till you can kill people more easily, it will improve your gaming experince (in my opinion). Also play this game with a controller :)TL;DR You will either hate or love this game."
,Recommended,312780,18803704,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zex Eios,"It's a silly game where you're a samurai and change the fate of Japan by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little town.Really though, this game is pretty great. Combat involves using different styles that have different combos, with you eventually creating your own, super cool custom style. Weapon customization has great depth and will have you making swords that are better than the one's you got from bosses. The story is pretty fleshed out despite it being somewhat short, and the ""true"" ending is pretty spectacular. Lastly, there's a ton of room for character customization in this game, so if that's your jam then you'l find yourself pleased. I'd definitely recommend going out of your way to buy this game."
76561198035897602,Recommended,312780,18259783,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Big To,If you're a fan of Samurai and are into slice of life games then this is for you.
,Recommended,312780,17509859,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Lαn,I killed the Chief Minister using a tuna fishnaked.
,Recommended,312780,18257194,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bhood,Great game
76561198201417394,Recommended,312780,18440926,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,z14,I love sensei!!
,Recommended,312780,18436661,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Dacian,"The plot although short is packed with content and plot twists that makes playing through again and again a really enjoyable experience as you learn about characters and their motivations from different perspectives each time.A lot of mechanics such as custom styles and swords increases the longevity of the game as you set goals for yourself to collect a certain move or sword part. The character customisation has just enough options available to the player, only complaint is the accessory limit could be higher but you can still cram loads onto your character.Difficulty in WotS4 is something you should aim to work your way up in, starting on easy usually and with the skills and weapons gained through your first playthrough you can work your way up to normal, then hard, and finally Harakiri. One shot kills gets increasingly common and strategic use of styles is required to counter this.  Large fights can feel like endurance tests with momentary lapses in concentration being punished with one shot kills.Overall I loved this game so much and played it in excessive amounts until I had finished almost everything, I plan to come back to it again later and finish the few things I've missed and master all the styles. Nothing else will make you feel like a badass samurai quite like WotS4, buy now."
,Recommended,312780,18537251,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,A9,Choose your own SAMURAI life.Your own WAY.
,Recommended,312780,18967577,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,FunLightDog,Make your way for your Samurai.
,Recommended,312780,19360592,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,misingleters,"Embrace the strangeness.Addendum: Deceptive depth. Sword combat that rivals the best of the Souls series. Definitely not for everyone. I get the feeling that this strange, strange, marvelous game is exactly what the developers intended it to be."
76561198009057261,Recommended,312780,19974629,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rear Admiral of Booty Brigade,I'mma keep this short and sweet. Way of the Samurai 4 isn't big. theres not much room to run around in. But for how little the game is. there is a TON of content. from running your own dojo to being stabbed in the back by your previous character.  It's actually a really intricate game. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,312780,20007095,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pino,"A really immersive game that has it's own unique features.The story changes as you select a choice, and is similar to the Witcher and Grand theft auto.From beating up someone, to giving a dog underwear you can make money from many things.Every character is interactive and provide information about current events, and you can recruit most for your personal needs.Character and weapon customization is also SUPERB!!! I cannot stress how fun and amazing it was to make my own weapon and name it. And also be a samurai without pants? You can also select which fighting style or stance you can do. From fist fighting, sword fighting, and using spears.Your character's info is based on what you do and what you say also.Other than that the game will suck you in into the immersive world between a war of the Prajnas and the (I honestly forgot the name but I'm just gonna throw out a name) Samurais!But overall, the game will provide a fun and unique feel as you play as your character throughout the story."
,Recommended,312780,19940236,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Doubled9911,it's okay
76561198027378219,Not Recommended,312780,20003595,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dat dad way,"Love the whole series but, the control layout is entirely too clunky to be enjoyed. I'm a massive fan of WOTS and really couldnt bear to play it. Refunded. Otherwise if you can get past that, it's a great game. Albeit a bit small, still a good amount of content. This could've been much better imo."
,Recommended,312780,20026207,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Loogie,If Dead RIsing and Yakuza had a child this would be it.
,Recommended,312780,20030953,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,quarkles,"If your a fan of the previous games you will enjoy this. Apart from the main storyline of which there are numerous endings if you get bored you can do pretty much anything you want.A. Talk to people to do random missions for cash, or notB. Simply kill them, or beat them up and make them join your dojo. I'm currently trying to get an all female dojo !C. Dress like a lunatic and then laugh at every cutsceneD> Flirt with women, sneak into their bedrooms, and then playfully smack your date around until her clothes come off.Not to mention , go fishing, play cards, talk to homeless bums, or Melinda Megamelons. The mini side games of torture are a bit on the wierd side but in keeeping with the ridiculousness theme of the game."
,Recommended,312780,19906444,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Daxxe,"I love this game. It has a funny dialogue system. The combat can be repetitive at times, but there are many different styles of katana combat available, some of which you have to beat it out of AI and some which are imparted to you by others.The torture games and night crawling parts are oddish, but what the hell.I would recommend it to others as this was made by Spike Chunsoft. I wish they ported over Kenka Bancho as well."
76561198119758582,Recommended,312780,19920427,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,President Pres,Incredible amounts of replayability. Incredibly goofy and fun. Surprisingly in-depth combat and weapon creation. Just in general a surprisingly incredible game.
,Recommended,312780,19831935,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mr1nkredible,If you're a fan of three series this is a game you should play!
76561198108754657,Recommended,312780,20245225,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Max911vegas,10 out of 10 so happy I got this game.
,Recommended,312780,20276613,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Apostle The Fraud,"My enemies say bad things about me. They ask, “When will he die and be forgotten?” If they come to see me, they don’t say what they are really thinking. They come to gather a little gossip and then go to spread their rumors. Those who hate me whisper about me. They think the worst about me. They say, “He did something wrong. That is why he is sick. He will never get well.” My best friend, the one I trusted, the one who ate with me even he has turned against me."
76561198056096151,Recommended,312780,17554647,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"Its 19 pounds in the UK and has the content of a game worth a quarter of its price especially because its not a new game, its years old from the Playstation 3.To compensate, the devs claimed it would ship with all dlc but thats a complete lie and all the DLC is seperate, meaning the game is further unreasonably priced than you might thinkHere are the good things:Very strong and wide variety of weapons (albeit their use is lessened by a point I'll get to in a moment)15 endings and a surprising number of missions in between, but most of them are fighting with the games very mediocore combat systemInteresting choices that actually matter and even carries on into other playthroughs (like opening a school for english to learn the british language for your next playthrough)Humour is hit and miss its very ""SO RANDOM AMIRITE???"" which may be fine for most, but don't expect Portal levels of wit from what is mostly a stock choice of charactersHere are the bad things:Escort missions are even further undermined by the AI being phenomally stupid and running into enemies, Allies seem to walk around picking their nose and occasionally attack (allthough its more likely they were aiming for a fly nearby)Swords seem to be made with paper and often break mid fight, instead of making cautious duels between opponents with precision attacks and cautious strafing, the game goes the dynasty warriors style of button mashing and occasional blocking when the enemy decides he has tme in his busy schedule to maybe think about possibly striking you, so enemies that are ""difficult"" simply result in a boss with unreasonably long health bars.There is a myriad of weapon styles for katanas and if your very lucky you might get a spear or gun for which to use in the next playthrough, but aside from the smithy, all the swords are usually found from bosses or random drops, so if you get into a situation where the smithy and his replacement is dead (A situation I got into because a mission uses the smithy's replacement out of nowhere for a boss battle) you get to eat **** and get stuck using martial arts or a blunt blade till you find a boss or group of enemies (Which are EXTREMELY hard to fight with the starting Martial Arts style)Enemy lock on is finicky and often your character will face the wrong way when he gets up and never once did I find out hwo to switch targets because it wasn't any button on the controller as far as I could tell, not the DPAD, not the Right analog stick or shoulder buttonsThe game often unfairly strings together boss battles during missions, forcefully depleting your reserve of healing items and whetting stones (to stop your cardboard swords from breaking)Wait for a *huge* price drop before you buy this game or rather, just buy a different better game.(Unless your one of those people who like anything to do with Japan regardless of quality or value for money, in which case this is the game for you!)BUT ITS JAPANESE SO I GUESS 10/10"
76561198064451677,Recommended,312780,20417646,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SlashingHades,As a fan of way of the samurai series I would have to say this is the most over the top game in the franchise.but that's not bad it's actually the opposite. This game is funny as hell.though personally I would've called It Way Of The Anime 4.
76561198102234451,Recommended,312780,20593893,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,็,good game really like the style.
,Recommended,312780,17221114,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Meretrix lusoria,splendid samurai + normal ending = cooked in a pottwisted world and twisted peopleremind me of the Shigurui10/10F♥♥♥ love this thing
76561198126323158,Recommended,312780,22138788,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Miklonz,Really enjoy the game but recomend the use of a control.
,Recommended,312780,22059300,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Drust,"Way of the samurai 4 is the more ""light-hearted"" of the series, Ghostlight did a very good job porting it from ps3. There are some graphical errors, as to be expected but nothing game breaking. If you want a game with good swordplay, interesting storyline, and a large selection of styles to learn and fight with, and don't mind comic relief left and right, this is definately the game for you."
,Not Recommended,312780,21966381,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,War Gamer,"Will it please get fixed with the graphics.  I am sure the game has its heart set in the best of interests.When I try to change the graphics to meet my monitor specs, the game crashes. I won't repurchase this. Thanks Steam for my refund!"
76561198042826325,Recommended,312780,21973837,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,FrogBiscuit,"Game is great.You can freely explore and effect the storyline in countless ways.  Build up a hefty arsonal of different weapons as well as different fighting styles which in turn really lets you find fighting styles to hone and really enjoy.The story (as well as the other absurdities that happen) is over the top Japanese humor and can catch you off guard at times, but its all pretty funny.The controls can be a bit wierd at times, but it hasn't stopped the enjoyment of the game for me.Turned out not to bad for a port and a nice buy after wanting to relive my time spent on Way of the Samurai 1, quite a long time ago."
,Recommended,312780,21996389,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,transce,"Way of the Samurai (WotS) is the original choose-your-own-adventure sword-fighting samurai series.  I already own this game on Playstation (all of the WotS games, actually) and I bought it on Steam in the hopes that it might encourage the developers to release more of these wonderful gems on any platform and especially on Steam.  If you've never played a WotS game, it has some of the most realistic sword combat this side of Bushido Blade.  Instead of the typical sword-fighting game where you simply mash one button continuously to do ridiculous combos, you actually need to use a bit of thought and quite of a bit of timing to be successful here.  The sword moves are almost all very realistic and although combat may seem strage at first, I find it very rewarding in a way that button-mashing sword games will never understand."
76561198133698015,Recommended,312780,21555064,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PhantomExia,A little hard at first but very fun with  multiple endings and fighting styles for replay also lolis
,Recommended,312780,21592699,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kalanree,"This game has good combat and amazing replay value.Seriously, if you like choice&consequence gameplay with different ends&branching story development you should really, really consider getting this game."
,Recommended,312780,21533181,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Aloysius Teapot,Samurai Champloo: The Game
,Not Recommended,312780,21349033,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,cseepe,"Forget trying to play this game on a PC. It's a console port that simply doesn't make the transition. I gave up, even after re-mapping the keys, after 5 minutes of game play."
76561198167751722,Recommended,312780,21296522,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mister_Steak,"If you've played any of the past games you know why they're fun. You get to be a samurai in an era where samurai are on the decline, and you get one last hurrah of honor. Or not, depending on who you side with and who you may or may not decide to arbitrarily kill. Your call.The combat is definitely less than perfect, but with so many fighting styles in the game that's at least understandable from a developer perspective.This is basically just Yojimbo or Fistfull of Dollars: The Game, and that's what makes it fun."
,Recommended,312780,21249479,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Real HecticHabib,"This game has got to be one of my favourite games over the past year, I find this game really enjoyable since it has everything I look for in a singleplayer game: Variety of clothes, items and character customizaitons (Not to mention weapons damn son) I really enjoy the characters and there stories, The missions in this game are really fund combined with the side storys and multiple endings make this game 10x more enjoyable. The fantastic looky lookies of the game (Get ****ED if you don't like how it looks M9).What I really don't like about this : Bugs (On many occassions I have came across from time to time a guy that will hit me and kill me in one hit for no reason) If you alt tab you will crash no matter what and of course the occassional bug where you will randomally grab someone without pressing the grab button.Just because of these bugs do not ruin this game for me and infact hardly noticable on occassions.The game is still overall a really fun and enjoyable game to play."
,Recommended,312780,20387765,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,VoidLance,"I do believe this is the greatest RPG ever made. It's certainly the best I've come across. Probably not for everyone - It's very centred around Japanese history (if you can call it that here) and doesn't take itself too seriously. It's also very difficult. However, the range of things possible to do and the attention to detail in places means that you will probably never get bored of playing it. So far, it is looking like it has the greatest replayability of any game I've played, probably because whenever you complete the game, you can save and go back to the beginning - keeping all of your stats, and potentially all of your items, if you have enough space. I'm not sure when the game was made, but for when I think it was, the graphics are exceptional. Either way, they still stand up to scrutiny right now, and the character design for J.J. especially is very attractive. The game even had a surprising amount of character customisation, allowing you to change your face, body, clothes, weapons, sex, and fighting style - although a lot of that is unlockable once you've already played through once or twice.The one complaint I would have is that the camera movement makes it a little difficult to see at times during fights.Other than that, as I said, greatest RPG ever. I'm surprised I hadn't heard of this before since it is much better than any Elder Scrolls game or the like in my opinion."
,Recommended,312780,20095486,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Reveal Your Meat,"This is a hard game to review, and a harder game to give a score or rating to.ProsThe combat is somewhere between Dark Souls and Dyansty Warriors, with grand flashy combos and special moves, but a delicate 1v1 life-or-death flavour.The crafting and skill trees are beyond deep, with nearly a hundred different martial arts styles to choose from, and five different weapon types (Katana, Spear, Dual Katanas, Guns [Muskets and Pistols] and unarmed kung-fu style fighting).The story is branching, fairly deep, and at times highly engaging, with clever plot twists, likeable and complex characters to get you invested, and a lot of replayability as you wind your way through the story tree in new ways to see every mission and eventually get the true ending.I think a lot of the sound design is good, with solid sound effects and a pretty excellent Spaghetti Western/Samurai soundtrack that would make Morricone proud.Very deep character customization system.ConsThe humour is clumsy at best, as the localisation team tried to keep all of the quirky humour from the Japanese release in the game. Unfortunately, at least in my opinion, most of the humour falls very flat, and the game would have been a lot more fun for me if it had been played off as a serious game. Some moments are entertaining for the sheer insanity factor, but the novelty quickly wears off.Nightcrawling is just a ridiculous mechanic, which in my opinion damages the tone of the game greatly while offering little in the way of reward.Very little in the way of graphics settings, which is a shame because, running at the default settings from the PS3 release of this game, it's pretty average looking. Sometimes the graphics shine, other times they're downright ugly. It's a mixed bag.No English voice-over! This would have made the experience a lot more enjoyable for me, personally, although some may prefer the authenticity of the voices here.Barely any tutorial or documentation makes learning the mechanics of the game difficult at best, downright cryptic at worst.You MUST have a controller to play this game, in my opinion. Mouse support has recently been added (which beats the old keyboard layout) but is still inferior to an XBOX 360 controller. Luckily, the controller support is superb; plug it in and away you go, no fuss or settings to tweak, all button presses on-screen represented with the correct icons.Final VerdictThe issue here is, a lot of these cons and pros are highly subjective; some people may enjoy the quirky humour, and although I express I personally dislike it, I also think it wouldn't be the same game without it, and I might even enjoy it less if it were absent simply because it adds a certain light-hearted character to the game, as if the game doesn't care what you think, it's going to be batshit insane anyway.All in all, WotS4 offers a great deal of gameplay, an exciting experience and a deep story for a fairly low price, and even lower on sale (£9.99 at the time of writing).I personally think it's worth every penny, but some may hate it. My advice is to buy it, try it, and get a refund if you don't like it; you'll know soon enough as this game is certainly love-or-hate.Addendum:I'd also like to mention that the developers for this game are superb. This game has only been released on Steam in the last few months, but the developers have been incredibly active in updating and improving it, adding highly requested features and plenty of bug fixes with each patch."
76561198069911330,Recommended,312780,20220056,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,itsokayko,So...the first thing that caught my attention was...a knight called...Melinda Megamelons...and then the following happened..- I proceeded to call the governments' henchmen dogs- refused to help a girl in distress and agreed to join in on the fun instead...- went around robbing onigiri from graves and shrines- sleeping in the cemetery- robbed a geisha- watching 3 chicks abuse a half naked guy...- getting killed a number of timesControls can be confusing at first but its pretty easy after awhile. This game is ment to be played over and over again as each decision you make determines the length of gameplay.
76561198277617763,Recommended,312780,24918343,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mmdprov,"Short game, but so much replayability. In 20 hours I think I played through completely 3 times, and had a partial playthrough. All the kinds of choice. Playing through other games at the moment, will be coming back to this though."
76561198085984689,Recommended,312780,24905871,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Delixcroix,This game is bloody briliant. You can feel powerful feel weak feel like you saved the land or feel like you just ♥♥♥♥ed things up. It is reminiscient of Majoras Mask in that you can basically choose your own adventure in the time frame the game gifts to you. New paths unlock as you learn new and different ways to choose your own adventure.The Combat feels satisfying while not a spectacle it gets the job done and you can make your character as powerful or as weak as you wish. I never got bored of fighting 100 targets with my sword that could slay with 1 strike.The difficulty at times makes me feel like it was designed to milk quarters in an arcade machine but all the same its easy win and easy lose. When you learn how to win this is one of the most entertaining Choose your own Adventures on Steam. Eat your heart out Teltale.
,Recommended,312780,24883592,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,taha.1411,One of the best Samurai games of all timeyou have the option to end game
76561198084392644,Recommended,312780,22088006,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Unkab,My character is walking with a big bottle in front of his d*ck with glasses on it 10/10
,Recommended,312780,25003635,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Linus,This game is very good and is basically the jojo's bizarre adventure of open-world games.
76561198031623507,Recommended,312780,28149169,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Othello,"TL; DR This game is a total mess and I love every single part of it.This is unbelieveable; Way of the samurai 4 has one of the worst pc ports I have ever seen. The game crashes every single time I alt tab. The camera controls are pretty bad and the graphics were outdated when the game came out.It actually took me 2 hours to start getting some enjoyment out of the game and now I love it. Yes, really.This game is the definition of ""it gets better"", but it gets better fast. First impressions are bad enough that you might consider refunding but I beg of you, stick with it if it interests you.The writting is cheesy as hell, the villains are totally obvious from the moment you see them and it plays every single samurai trope straight. Every. Single. One. And it is glorious.You can actually, legitimately, do anything you want; you can make a living fishing, become a beggar and do that thing where you slice people a bunch of times and then seathe your sword and they all fall over and it's super cool.You probably will need a guide to understand what the hell to do, but the less I spoil, the better."
76561198098385545,Recommended,312780,28041352,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jon Hanes,"While the gameplay and the graphics aren't exactly polished, the game makes up for it by having a large variation of things you can do differently.Granted, some events make it so you can't advance through the story but you're better off following a guide when aiming for different endings.The game is pretty over-the-top, nonsensical and comical.I would recommend the game if you can get past the clunky mechanics."
,Recommended,312780,19434832,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ashliet,"Let me start of by saying this is a terrible port. I'm glad this game is on steam but the port is horrible and you should expect crashes on everything at first on options on certain stores the game will crash once on everything and then it'll run fine except for if you want to alt tab. Want to tab out and look at something like you can on a normal game? Too bad you get a crash. Thats the technical issue now on to the game itself.It has one of the worst mechanics I have ever come across called Vitality. It's so awful that I can't put it into words and it's something you have to expierence for yourself. Good luck.I found myself enjoying it for the first day and so and then issues kept grinding on me I get tired of looking at the damn game the city you're forced in is so small and never changes and the only time I ever saw so many similiar npcs was in the first protoype game and this is one of the smallest cities I have ever seen in a game. Your crime rate which about anything lowers it force raises your prices and cuts away vendor inventory which is fine if money wasn't hard enough to get in this game. My biggest issue is saves what kind of game has no autosave function, this is my biggest issue when playing on HARD (and this is hard) even with a super strong weapon I would die alot and thats ok but the issue is some quests have 3-4 parts that just keep going with swarms of enemies getting stronger and stronger flying at you and you die once and its all over and you start at the beginning of the quest from 30 minutes ago, and it happens over and over and over. I will recommend it because of the price and the limited time of enjoyment you'll get. It's funny and clever the battle system is not as smooth as a samurai game should be and the voice acting is good to a extent.I would give it as go but keep in mind it has as many issues as good points."
76561198040343409,Recommended,312780,27426981,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,El Salami Grande,"Way of the Samurai 4 may just be amongst the weirdest games I've played. While at first it looks serious, soon it becomes clear that the game is a huge joke, and is so in a positive way. That's not to say it's not fun, or not serious at times.The gameplay itself can best be summed up as grindy. Combat relies on you beating up people to learn their moves, then beat up other people with those moves to get better at them. It takes a fair amount of time, and for the most part is pretty simple, with combat becoming difficult later on due to high health bars and instant kill moves. The swordplay itself is actually fun, with most of it making sense, even if the most efficient strategy I've found was to simply kick everyone.There are a variety of side-quests and activities, ranging from forging your own swords out of the scraps of your enemies' to  seducing every major NPC in the game, and a few side-quests which further improve replayablility.Replayability is a core aspect of this game, as it relies on a sort of New Game+, where you finish the story in only a few hours, then go back and play again, keeping all your items and most progress. This continues on and on, until at some point you can tackle the actual main storyline of the game.The story is nothing too special, but it makes up for it with silly stereotypes and stupid gimmicks, as well as an interesting twist or two. There's 3 big storylines, as well as the actual ""main"" one which is unlocked further, and a variety of different events happening depending on your progress and choices in previous palythroughs, all neatly shown in a menu. It's definitely worth to paly through the game multiple times as you are expected, because that's when the game begins to get more interesting.There also are a large variety of unlocks, from the ability to play a female character, to clothes, to the styles and outfits of major NPCs and the ability to play Hardmode. These can be purchased with currency gained upon completing a single playthrough."
76561198024910505,Recommended,312780,27383600,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dartasan,"Is fun, Should play 9.5/10 .5 off for the strange style of time keeping"
,Recommended,312780,27331817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LetsAMP,"I knew that this game was choice-based, means you get a story according to your choice, so I went full careful mode and still died after one day. Here my last 5 hours.""I found a member of a resistance group and knew he was a wanted man. I tried to confront him at noon, yet he pulled a weapon on me and wanted my life. I drew my weapon to defend my self, killing the man in the process. But... I never thought that that chain of events I actived would include A FREAKING DROPKICK FROM BEHIND AND AN APPREHENSION ON MY♥♥♥♥♥ I found myself in prison again, ready to face the consequences of my self-defense, which was trying to NOT CRUSH MY BALLS ON A STONEHORSE WHILE SOMEBODY DROPPED A MIXTAPE, LITTING THE FLOOR! And putting my Ex-GF with a whip on my side to hit me once everytime I escaped the ballcrush and the flames! And in the end, I got a ♥♥♥♥♥slap from her... That was too much. . . The♥♥♥♥♥♥I got in my face suffocated me from the inside... killing me.""GOTY 5/7"
76561198026055398,Recommended,312780,27639016,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Corner Engy,It's sort of like GTA in Feudal Japan.
,Recommended,312780,26978140,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeke,"Look at my hours in this game, realize my original impression was that it sucked after an hour of playing. The only humps to get through are that this is a PS3 port of a game from 2011 and it might take you playing more than a few hours for it to click with you."
,Recommended,312780,27136625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WooDee,"Not the prettiest game and not the easiest to get into. but after some trial and error, and learning the systems in the game. it became a joy and i ended up using more hours in this game than i thought was possible. ( ps3 )This port might not be the best. but i haven't had problems when i use controller. so i would recommend it for people that wants to try something different."
76561198003795142,Recommended,312780,27216746,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Daiemio,"Spend a good emount of time on this game, and I can only say -one- thing, being a Samurai, has never been as cool as this game makes it out to be."
,Recommended,312780,28794670,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Trippy Pyro (MPH! MPH! MPH!),"after some hours trying to get this thing to work i can say i'm glad i did.i will say: this game is very, very flawed. but it is actually really fun.so far ive done nothing but go on murderous rampages. but it is soooo fun doing so."
,Recommended,312780,28979853,Posted: 3 January,all,⛧ This is The End,"way of the samurai delivered what fable faild to deliver 2 years earlier and has advanced to a nearly perfect version of itself if you like samurai movies or animes youll love this game, with multiple endings, open gameplay, replay value thru the roof, and a fun character customizer you'll go blind like zatoichi with the hours you'll spend changing the fate of a village or just fishing and fending off your dojo from challengers while you try and get Dojima back in action, you can even have fun with torture and ""nightcrawling"" side gamesif your on the fence about it i say give it a try"
,Recommended,312780,28997363,Posted: 3 January,all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"Excellent game, I assume a bad port. I bought this game awhile ago but I never reviewed it, which is sin.Bad thing first: It has issues with fullscreen but the mix of windowed mode + borderless gaming (an application that forces borderless fullscreen) seems to fix the crashes for me. I recommend getting that in tandem if you're the kind of person that regularly tabs out like me. There are sound issues but I usually listen to a podcast or something when I play so that doesn't kill it for me.The graphics aren't great but I can still make a cute girl so I'm happy.+ A surprising amount of depth and relies entirely on its replay value+ So much customization, you can even move, rotate and resize accessories which should be a feature of every game with character customization.+ Every playthrough feels legitimately different. There are ways to break the game but I have so fun just screwing around I actively choose not to grind with illegitimate means. It's a mark of a good game to give you so much to do you literally forget to do anything efficiently.+Pretty good variable difficulty, providing extra difficulty options after your first few playthroughs (I recommend Normal/Easy the first time through anyways because there's a lot of upgrade potential for your character)+Like 10 endings"
76561198052327272,Recommended,312780,30242566,Posted: 28 February,all,goldenforge,super fun game with amazing replay value.9/10 would get kinked to death again
,Recommended,312780,29334622,Posted: 18 January,all,Diokaza,"Fun game , high replay value 8/10"
,Recommended,312780,35217400,Posted: 26 September,all,NeoGamma,"I would like to begin by saying I only recommend the game if you can actually get it to run, but it is worth trying to get to run though. There a LOT of problems with the port, just to be able to play the game I had to reinstall my graphics driver and physX, then verify file fidelity. That said after you are able to play, the game itself is very good. I wish you could change more graphics settings than just the resolution and it ran higher than 30FPS, but it's a console port so I guess I'll let it slide. The game is very content rich if you like to 100% stuff. There's tons of endings,  endless weapons and fighting styles to collect. You can craft your own weapon out of several different weapons of the same type ( katana or spear). You can even have more outfits than your credit card maxing girlfriend. I personally enjoyed the story a lot, being able to play along side the different factions, and working my♥♥♥♥♥off to get the true ending genuinely felt rewarding once I got it. The mechanics feel pretty good and the higher difficulties pose a pretty damn good challenge.So TL/DR: If you can get past all the bugs of the port and actually play the game it's very content rich, a pretty solid 8/10."
,Recommended,312780,35214661,Posted: 25 September,all,Faxe' Police :^),Remove all Gaijin!
76561197990024016,Recommended,312780,35252284,Posted: 27 September,all,Aperture Science,"Never had a single glitch or crash while playing this. This was my first way of the samurai game, it's got that weird japanese vibe to it. I mean you play a minigame where you sneak into the house of your lover to bang her. Also a minigame if you get caught doing some bad where you will get tortured (in a kinky way) by the 3 sisters. The game is relatively short, but it's meant to be completed multiple times as each path you take will unlock new characters, new weapons, new fighting styles, etc.The combat is a lot of fun, the story was enjoyable, the characters are charming. It's worth the $25 for it, definitely get it on a sale at the very least."
76561198029321399,Recommended,312780,35057914,Posted: 18 September,all,Mysticyde,This game is fantastic. Once you get used to the combat there is a really strong story here with tons of branching paths and different endings. Fantastic game.
