user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198012256820,Not Recommended,312790,14739348,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ShifterIsh,"Disclaimer: This is the first game in the Agarest line that I have played. I played a good number of JRPG's in high school and college, but it's been a couple years. Take this all with a grain of salt.Pros:-Extensive character customization-From assigning points to stats, choosing what skills to train and deciding the formation of your characters. Min-maxing this is a challenge in and of itself, and will feel rewarding for those willing to dive into it.-100's of hours of gameplay for those devoted to completing this game and getting the best ending (and for only $20 or less on sale)-Combat is showy and has big numbers (again for those into that)-Music is honestly great.Cons:-You need to know going into this game that when a character says ""hey, go here!"" you aren't going to get any more direction than that. Objectives aren't marked on the greater map, and you will actually have to go where the objective is to find it. (Once you get to the sub map it will show up as something being there.) Basically if you don't know where you are supposed to go you are going to end up searching the whole of the world for your objective.- I honestly found many of the characters to beextremelyabrasive.Once getting to the second generation, I kid you not, the first lines of the new main character is him saying (and I paraphrase here) ""I'm only doing this because I was promised ♥♥♥♥♥s"". He then turns to the female lead and tells her he would really like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her. O,o  The character treats women as property and they all seem to just go along with it and accept their fate to be sex slaves.-As far as equipping and improving your characters, there seems to be a lack of availability of improved weapons outside of the DLC that is offered. If you look at the other agarest games you can see that the dev's generally release a 20$ game and then 40$ of DLC which makes the game easy beyond belief. They give you a taste of what the DLC is like by including a small pack with the game itself. Can you beat the game without the DLC? Yes. Is it a complete grind? Pretty much.-When it comes to endings there are two: the bad ending and the ""one true ending"". (This is apparently a commonality between this game and its predecessors. ) Know that if you want the good ending you are going to have to make all the ""right"" choices, complete all hunters’ guild quests and complete every event available. It's a lot of work, and if you miss one thing you get the bad ending. If you don't care about what kind of ending you get then this isn't a big deal, just something to know before diving in.For people who are diehard fans of games like this, you'll enjoy it. There's a lot here to enjoy. If you are someone who like RPG's but are used to a more guided approach, this game can be very frustrating. For people who don't necessarily understand Japanese approaches to sexuality and duty, the motivation of Agarest's characters can be really confusing. If you are just looking to see anime boobs, go play another game or use google. There is some fan service, as to be expected, but it is actually a pretty small part of this game (thankfully).Personally, will I play this game more: Maybe? It's hard to say. This game is easy to lose time to, frustrating and ultimately decently rewarding. If you are iffy on getting this game, just wait for a steam sale, and consider picking up the DLC with it. It will make the game a lot easier and if you change your mind about using it you can toggle it off and grind the game like everyone else.I can confidently say I've played much better JRPG's. I'd give this game 5/10."
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,312790,15236324,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"The game in and of itself is fairly fun.  As the third entry (or so) in the series, the game's battle system has been much improved.  The game is a grindy rpg with romance elements and a highly scalable and complex  battle system that revolves around customizable characters (e.g. no fixed classes).The problem that prevents me from recommending the game is the high price of the DLC and the altered/removed content.  When I play a game, I like to know that I have a chance at least to see all of the content that the game has to offer.  I probably won't have the opportunity to play through more than once, so it is important for me to feel like I am getting the full experience.   As you can find detailed elsewhere, certain content from the original game is not in this steam PC version.Additionally, the absurdly high price of the DLC is a problem. The DLC items help reduce the highly grindy nature of the game and make it a more bearable experience for people whose available gaming time may not be what it once was.  The DLC would be fairly priced at $1-3 per pack, not where it is at the time of this review ~$8 per pack.  Purchasing all of the DLC would actually cost more than the original game."
,Recommended,312790,14552607,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Chompey,"All I have to say is wow, did they make this game a lot more fun than the first one in the series. Cutscenes blend both hybrid-CG art and dynamic 2d sprite events, a big step up from the much more traditional route the 1st game had. Even more important is the gameplay; they made combat MUCH better in my opinion. It's similar to Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth where emphasis is on chaining combos at a fast pace (still has a strategy grid as well, so it's a blend of real-time sRPG), instead of the dreadfully slow sRPG style from its predacessor. It definitely feels more engaged and doesn't make combat feel like a chore anymore.It's a huge step in the right direction. If you enjoyed the dating sim aspect of the first one but couldn't get into the combat, I highly recommend this sequel as it improves drastically over the tedious nature of the first game, it's actually fun to play."
,Not Recommended,312790,16623507,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TyanmirRise,"Trying..... But still falls flatMy exposure to the Agarest series has been quite long. In fact from the very first Generations of War, up until ZERO and now this. This installment was supposed to be the defining chapter for the series and to me, it fell quite short in very many ways. For every positive outlined below, there will almost certainly be an overbearing glaring negative.To begin with the new animated character portraits during spoken dialogue mark a fascinating turn for the series going forward. This simple addition to thevisualsprovides some flair to the tedium of still having to read through text ""visual-novel"" style. Did I mention that despite the voice acting present, all voices are in the native Japanese? While not inherently bad as the voice actors are competent, expect a lengthy script with PLENTY of reading. As for the environments, well there's some variety and even change when it comes to battle transitions. Sadly there's still no environmental interaction to be had within battlesGameplayrevolves around traversing a world map, transitioning to a battle screen, then taking part in grid-based turn-based combat featuring members of your party. In a marked departure from the earlier games, you don't position all your characters on the grid with a Move phase then Attack phase. Instead you can now determine formations prior to fights, obtain stat bonuses per formation then switch leaders around to change the formations (hence bonus) mid-fight. Since there is no separate move phase you get into formation and then press one of 4 Face buttons onscreen to perform attack types such as Launch and Stun etc. Since this system has become combo based in order to maintain high damage strings it's become a case of button-mashing with minimal strategy involved. And since the battles are RANDOM in nature......... Now, levelling up. This title has THREE separate level up variants consisting of ""Technical Points"" (for moves), ""Party Points"" (ability points shared out within the party) and ""Control Points"" (enabling you to SET moves in your character's repertoire including combinations). As you can imagine, juggling all these is complicated and tedious at best.Thestory...... is quite atrocious really. On top of the usual kill the demon and marry one heroine per generation (max out at 3), motives for doing what is needed are pretty much non-existent. Add to this the lack of any sort of intrigue (the light political intrigue of the earlier Agarest wasn't bad) and you end up with an unnecessarily lengthy tale whose characters fit set cliched molds.... At least the music especially in special boss dungeons is great. Don't let me even get started on how long it will take before you start fighting the heavy hitters with their loads of three-tier experience points.So, should you buy this game? Proceed with caution if you must, but if you are prepared for a LARGE chunk of your time being eaten up by a mediocre tale, then be my guest. Get it on a sale. A significant sale..... Ahhh yes. There's plenty of DLC offering weaponry, add-on dungeons, smithing loot and experience points for the spikes in difficulty. Which brings me to another demerit. Every single piece of DLC for this game is just pricey... Why would I have to PAY for stuff that should be ingame and unlocked especially if you meet special battle conditions/story conditions?You've been warned."
,Recommended,312790,14651590,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Krynoc,"I definetly recommend it for people that like RPG's and fans of the previous games.The combat has improved a lot,and it's much faster now,i think the game has improved quite a bit and it even has some minigames now.If you enjoyed the previous games i'm sure you will be pleased with this one."
76561197997216557,Recommended,312790,14878074,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ketchi,"I absolutely recommend this game to JRPG fans.  Of course it's not without its cons (every game has them), but something to keep in mind is that it's extremely good and easily appreciated for a 3 year old niche game.Favourite part of the game:• As always in the Agarest series, it has the incredible aspect of ""you will naturally end up with the one you like more if you choose options you normally would"".--> A lot of people make a claim that this is deterred by the desire to reach the ""true ending"".  If you truly want to enjoy this game, don't look up a guide for it.  Turn it into your own experience.  The developers have also learned from the other Agarest games and added a ""normal ending"", which doesn't restrict access to things the ""true ending"" gives you.Other stuff:• The combat is extremely entertaining once you get the hang of it and look up a tutorial video or two online.--> I was originally deterred by the apparent complexity and that it's unlike Agarest Zero and the first, but this was quickly overcome and this combat system is definitely more enjoyable (at least for me), because it's faster-paced without compromising strategy too much.• The characters are absolutely lovable, and for reasons other than their 'sexiness' and which waifu you like more.• The story always has you interested and plays out almost like a visual novel, which is fantastic since a lot of the cut-scenes can take up more than 10 minutes.Cons:• It's not obvious where you should go next.  Easily the biggest problem with this game, but it's not too much of a problem if you know how to navigate everywhere and don't mind being lost for a few minutes every once in a while.  The important thing is that it still says that a location has an event if it has an event.• Strict ""true end"" path.  I repeat though, for maximum enjoyment it's best to not look up a guide and odds are you'll get the normal ending if you actively try to visit most events and finish most commissions (small objectives) anyway."
,Recommended,312790,17096157,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Okuu,Totally recommended but PLEASE GO FOR THE TRUE END cause only regrets await for you who got normal end.Pros :- good story- really really really long gameplay- some pretty decent waifucons :- awful minigame- Combat system takes a while to understandanyway if u enjoy jrpg games you should totally give this game a go. Be weary of normal end!!
76561198024090899,Not Recommended,312790,14850990,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Gamer13X,"When you play a game do you like to play all the content on a single playthrough?  Do you like the freedom to make a choice when given an opportunity to do so?  Do you hate to follow tedious step by step instructions in order to enjoy all the game content?  If all this is true then you will hate this game like I did.  In order to get the "" true ending"" end game content, events have to follow a specific order that is not intuitive or logical.  Even if you follow a step by step guide it is still easy for something to go wrong and you end up missing the end game content.  Well if that happens you can just restart from the beginning right?  Well this is true only if you dont mind the endless amount of grinding.  The quests in this game are extremely tedious and thought of having to do them multiple times gives me the chills.  Another problem is pay to win.  The game is extremely unblanced do to the ability to purchase cheat content that undermines real progression in the game.  I refuse to play a game where a step by step walkthrough is needed to enjoy all the content and regret spending 28 dollars on this game."
76561198154966713,Recommended,312790,17054217,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sir Doctor of Darlings,"Good luck getting the ""True End"" for this game.Prepare to spend hours doing nothing, having regrets, and restarting.I've already thrown 21 hours into this game, and I've restarted nearly 3 times.The Bath house minigames are the worst.Prepare to get angry at the images of nearly naked girls."
76561198030127591,Recommended,312790,26638924,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Reighnvhasta,"*Quick note* Been seeing people complain about the DLC, but most of them are just ""cheats"" to get more gold and (basically) free level ups. None of the DLC adds to the story.Definitely not a game for people who just want a nice, short, and simple jrpg.TL/NGTR: If you're a fan of the series, have a lot of time to kill, like rewarding planning, or like games with high learning curves, get this game.Pros:+ A lot (LOT) less grindy than the previous games.+ Every important character has a gracious amount of screentime along with character interactions.+ Characters that look cool usually join your party.+ Each character has a different backstory and personality.+ High level of customization.+ Multiple endings. Offers replayability, which is always nice, but there is a negative side to this that'll be explained in the cons section.+ Highly enjoyable fighting system. After you finish the first generation, you gain access to tons more flashy combos. Some people might see this as a con, but to me, it's surprisingly fun to watch sprites slowly hit enemies airborne and then proceed to smash them into the ground.+ Tons of side quests and optional bosses to kill.+ (For me at least) Never felt overpowered or underpowered at any point.Cons:- Slow start. You get the basic magic and physical attacks to start and combos are scarely executed at all throughout most of the first generation.- Quest tracker? Yeah, this is pretty annoying. Most of the time, you're told where to go, but you have to remember where said area is. I'd suggest to download a true end guide and just marking down where you are in the story so you won't get lost. Don't neccessarily need to follow the choices for getting the true end unless that's the ending you want.- ***Big one for me***Multiple endings... It's extremely easy to get locked in to the bad ending if you don't do specific side missions. Mildy easy to get the normal ending. Hard as hell to get the true end. You'll HAVE to follow a guide (basically) step for step which takes away your freedom with choices.- Complex fighting system. It's really hard to learn what everything is and what does what in combat. I learned through just playing the game and eventually figured out everything though.Overall: If you're not sure about buying Agarest 2 at this point, wait for a sale and then pick it up. Invest some time and finish out the first generation before you decide if you want to drop it or keep playing. The game really picked up for me around the end of generation 1.I don't like the fact that the overall reviews right now are ""mixed"" because it isn't nearly as bad as other games I've seen with a ""mixed"" rating. There aren't any bugs, the game doesn't crash, it's pretty polished and well written. Visuals are nice to look at too, doesn't look like something I could've easily drawn."
76561198160868511,Recommended,312790,32834243,Posted: 26 June,all,Strayed Lynx,"Complex turn based strategy game with a very elegant artstyle,deep gameplaymechanics, an amazing story spanning multiple generations and as a cherry on top,multiple romanceable waifus.Sadly,this version is marred by some slight censorship compared to the original japanese version,then again it's one of the first anime games to be released on Steam."
,Not Recommended,312790,30517225,Posted: 14 March,all,garr596,"RPG aspect: First of all, I've read a lot of reviews about this game being incredibly repetitive and just ignored them, since I thought ""It's an RPG! Of course it will be repetitive to some extent!"". But I was being too optimistic. This game is incredibly repetitive BECAUSE every single battle feels the exact same. You obviously don't but it honestly feels like you're fighting the same character(s) in the same location. Now one thing that I can say honestly is every battle plays out the exact same way. Whether I'm fighting a random encounter or a boss, I have not needed to change my strategy even once and I get the same results. None of my characters get KO'd or run out of mana or anything. What makes it even worse is that I doubt I'm fully using all of the special moves and abilities. Because all of them are nearly the same and do nearly the same thing, I never felt a need to actually try. It truly is just a VERY VERY VERY repetitive game. Repetitive like saying VERY three times.Visual Novel aspect: The character you play as is very boring in my opinion. He has a very flat and cardboard-like personality. I think he's supposed to be a ""silent jerk"" type of character but anything he says is just so boring and uninteresting. The girls themselves are fine, just completely average girls you would find in any visual novel. But with a boring main character, you can't help but to be uninterested.In the end, it's a boring and bland game. You can probably find better alternatives. Although it doesn't have any dating options, you should try out Disgaea. It's kind of comparable to this, but switch the ""romance"" that this game has to offer and replace it with comedy."
76561198052647352,Not Recommended,312790,15230918,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Wolfie-san,"Still waiting for GL to give us the NA version instead of the EU version for this game. So far I can't recomend this game, and won't play it until they fix this mess already. Besides if they did fix this then I'd play it and give it an honest review this game should deserve. But, for now just lurk on the forums here since that's all that can be done right now."
76561198030250504,Not Recommended,312790,14708469,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Heatgold,"I really wanted to like and recommed this game as it is niche, bit I was put off by many issues. First, there is no auto-battle option as in the first two games and the battle system is a bit unnessarily complicated. Although I liked its graphics and waifus, its minigames which are very important for the true end are too difficult. While they are fun, they should not play a role in getting the true end, which is very demanding to obtain and requires literal adherence to a very detailed step-by-step guide. I hope the Ghostlight and Ideafactory take note and fix these issues in their incoming titles."
76561198014992779,Not Recommended,312790,23173809,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Fishhips,"Did you enjoy the previous games? Then delight as this new entry into the series completely forgoes the core of the previous games to deliver you a thoughtless battle system which world bore even the therapist you'll need to get after using it. But maybe you weren't in it for the combat, you were in it for the ""plot"". Then they've got you covered, more autistic character designs, blander characters,  a story that was inspired by that fanfic you wrote back in 9th grade, incomprehensible motivations, a massaging mini game with about as much depth as a water biscuit and waifus with even less. A commendable departure from formula and a great reason to give up on life."
,Not Recommended,312790,21433784,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[TechRaptor] Coboney,"I found the gameplay changes here to be a significant downgrade from the rest of the series and when I did play it - a while back - i was running into bugs.While the other games in the series had a unique gameplay set up and tactical feel, Agarest 2 does some weird things that I don't think work as well and devalue to some extent player placement. Additionally, the story and writing feel like they are doing the same thing with little changes with many of the characters being essentially reskinned versions of past.As for my hours - A) I accidentally left it on overnight a couple of times and B) I was trying to get through to review it for my site but eventualyl the game just didn't work for me personally. That said, if you didn't like Agarest 1's gameplay on the tactical side with the unique placements and wanted something different it may be worth checking out."
76561198075200509,Recommended,312790,14552690,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,"They Call Me ""Tater Salad""","Third entry in the Agarest SRPG series and the best one yet!Agarest: Generations of War 2 improves upon the previoustwo titles in the series and adds more depth and characterflavor then ever before along with improved visuals, improvedstory and revamped battle system.Ghostlight did a wonderful job of getting the game to run at 60fps andfix all the glaring issues the PS3 version had such as very slow loadingtimes and fps drops.I highly recommend this game if your a fan of SRPG and ninche titles in general."
,Recommended,312790,14554758,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mrblizzarder,"Ghostlight did really Great port and fixed all problems which PS3 version suffers from lags, long loading times, stuttering,... and PC version runs flawlessly. ( I've played 1st two AGAREST on PS3 it was runs so badly suffers a lot stuttering. But anyway i'm happy they gave us PC port )"
76561198082788781,Not Recommended,312790,22924577,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sarkael,"First of all, I was a big fan of the JRPG-Games, like FF and Stuff and this game seems to be a good game but hell why the f would you give a player coming fully new into this game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton of items to power up your characters to invicibility right off the bat? What is the point?I was very dissapointed cuz the game itsself looked very nice and like one of the good ones of the genre but one second after opening a new file you will be getting bombarded with op items and the maximum amount of money to begin with.You cannot dispose of this stuff and there is no orientation at all.So in conclusion I was so frustrated by the game taking the challenge and everything else away from me that I quit after like 2 hours and layed this game to rest.Its very sad because I think it could have been a pretty good, yeah generic but good game of the genre but this really messed it up for me."
76561198081541821,Not Recommended,312790,15227035,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,🖕SaltLord🖕,Very boring compared to modern day RPGs. Lots of grinding. Battles are boring.
76561198102377084,Not Recommended,312790,16763012,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Beast2403,"TL;DR Version- I like the game but cannot recommend you playing as its a love it/ hate it kind of game. Proceed with research in hand before contemplating whether you should buy it (MasterLL's channel has a playthrough of the PS3 version of his youtube channel if you want to see the game in action.)Full thoughtsOk so this is a weird one.The game has a fun combat system that can take a little time to get your head around. The flashy attacks, and fluid sprite animations are a joy on the eyes. Despite the fact some attacks can take a silly amount of time to complete, you may just end up never skipping them because they are so over the top, they're fantastic. Japanese anime like attacks at their finest.However everything else is just... meh. The characters are typical japanese anime tropes for the most part. There isn't anything wrong with this if they are done well, but I thought that only a few of them were entertaining to watch. The writing isn't too bad though and the japanese voice acting is above average. There is no english dub for the voices so if you don't care for reading subtitles this might irk you.The story is also sort of nonsensical. Nobody ever questions some of the stuff going on. For example you proceed through generations of characters where the child of the previous protaginist will continue on 18 or 20 years in the future (I think its around that long...). So some characters pass away yet another character who should be dead somehow manages to stay alive and, no one seems to bat an eyelid about it, despite him being human. The reason why is given later but you'll have probably worked it out yourself way before this happens. And generally the plot towards the end gets so little explanation that the objective for their quest begins to become questionable. I won't spoil anything but I've read better stories out of a childrens book.AlsoFANSERVICE. FANSERVICE EVERYWHERE.Seriously there are minigames where you have to massage your female companions in order to improve affection, their stats, or technique points. And if you are going for a paticular ending this may be seen as mandatory, unless you want to spend hours grinding. The fanservice was toned down in this version though as it seems to be censored during some scenes and images/dialogue was removed or altered.And you will grind in this game. Not for levels however, more for the comissions and materials to make better weapons. If you do purchase the game I'll give you a hint and say that the strength of your equipment if far more important than your levels, especially when you start reinforcing them.So despite the fact I've put around 143 hours into the game I can't recommend it. I like it despite the negativity you might be seeing from this review but honestly you could put those hours into a game that is far better than just anm average game. Proceed with caution if you do decide to play it, andPLEASE PLEASE PLEASEfor your own sake! Go for the true ending path (Might need a guide for this one.) The normal ending is a punch to the stomach after the time you put into it. Hope this review was helpful!"
76561198021662453,Not Recommended,312790,15117056,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Wagnarock,Worst game NA.What quest am I on? not sure no quest tracking.
76561198094491423,Not Recommended,312790,17431781,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ZDH513,"Honestly I tried really hard to like this game because is part of my favorite series and I loved 1 and Zero so much but I just can't bring myself to like this specific game in the series. The problem is that its missing everything that made the first two games so great and it falls short of being an enjoyable experience and more tedious than anything else. Lots of times I find myself backtracking just to get the True Ending by making sure I killed a certain amount of monsters. The issue is that some areas are just so far and tedious to get to that you will run from several battles just trying to get their. Honestly the change to an open world rather than an interactive Maps ruins the game because it doesn't give it a clear objective of where to go. In previous game there was always a red dot saying event and that was great because I knew where to go and red dots means places unexplored. In this game you are told in dialogue and thats it, a lot of times they will just reference that the team should go to a new cave or mountain without much detail where the mountain or cave even is making it a goose chase.All in all I think I will finish the game to get my money's worth but I cannot recommned this game with confidence. If you are a big Agarest fan just go in with the mentality that this is nothing like the first 2 then that should give you an idea to not get your hopes up. If you want to get into the series play 1 or Zero because those are amazing and have an amazing story.Pros+ Ability to escape+ Arguably better visuals+ There is a main central city with dynamic side characters+ Jainus + Chloe was a very touching story+ Improved Monster bookCons- Battle system isn't so easy to understand- How you learn skills is pretty difficult to understand at first- Main Characters past 1st Gen are not likeable at all- No sense of direction- Story isn't very enticing"
,Not Recommended,312790,24648543,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,samus_of_all_trades,"I really wanted to love Agarest War 2. It was pretty good, not great, until I got to the True Ending. It was all down hill from there. There were so many steps to get this ending that I had to follow a very specific guide. Of course, that alone doesn't bother me, but after all that, there are 8 more bosses you have to beat that are so much stronger than anything you have faced before. Suddenly, grinding for hours is a must.Unless the battle system is amazing, I really hate grinding. Agarest War 2's battle system is certainly different, but not especially interesing and in some cases, not especially fun. On top of that, the frame rate of this game just kept getting worse and worse. Battles became painful moments I had to slog through. I still could barely scratch the first boss.Something tells me that beating these bosses is possible in New Game +, which is complete nonsense. This game is not good enough to warrant a second playthrough.I do not recommend this game unless you are really into massaging anime girls to raise their stats and get them to like you. Oh, that's a thing by the way. The three bath house minigames star you and your many hot, female party members in various states of undress. I did not find them enjoyable. They are not required, unless you want the True Ending, which I did.TLDRThe gameplay is just okay until the framerate starts to suck. The minigames made me feel unclean. The True Ending requires stupid levels of grinding."
,Not Recommended,312790,22851163,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Telson,"God. No. Please. Get it away from me nowThe combat system is just gross. combos and special moves performed by combining certain skills are just all thrown into The next bucket to assign themThe turn timer feels ewThe characters are annoying. all of them. MAYBE except weiss. hes just... not there. mostly. I dont care. just like weissI tried. I really tried. But this game fails at world design (its empty and you never know what the ♥♥♥♥ you actually gotta do), combat feels like a chore (and not the laundry-grocery-sort of-chore, more like freeing a highway of mud in the winter during traffic sort of chore), dialogs are awfully.. plain.. and progressing feels like sloooowly rolling down a minimal  slope. You'll just sorta end up somewhere. Somehow. In a condition somewhere around alive. Or not.TL;DR only worth it on sales AND if you really want to play the entire series. Otherwise go Agarest Zero, really."
,Not Recommended,312790,16544701,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lyric,"I bought this game and had to return it after playing it for less than 5 minutes. Not only did it crash and refuse to start up again after said 5 minutes, but during which...my short time playing the game was not only infuriating, but absolutely overly confusing and much of that was unneeded.Here is a list of problems:1) The controls are EXTREMELY complex, and they do not need to be! It's a roleplaying game, whatever happened to scrolling through a menu to find an attack, or simply hitting the button labelled ""attack""?!2) The storyline. I understand that cliches are interesting at some points, but basing the entire story around tons of cliche plot twists that everyone who's ever played rpg games expects, along with mary sue generic characters that look like they're from a high school anime....it makes the game extremely dislikable.3) The crashing! It crashed after the first battle, and never started up again, even after reinstallation. The game is practically made out of gum and a toothpick and if you look at it wrong it will smash into a million pieces and never work again.4) Downloadable content is far too expensive without the flash sales. Some of them, like extra playable character packs, I could understand, but packs that give you items that you could find in the world anyways with prices THAT high? It is NOTHING BUT A WASTE OF MONEY..... Just like the game itself."
76561198104514925,Not Recommended,312790,16410849,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,☆Meowstical☆,"Heavily not reccomended. It's probably the slowest jrpg I've ever seen.The graphics are also a terrible not-quite-retro style, that wont please either people like me who like modern visuals, or those who like retro ones."
76561198038990541,Not Recommended,312790,20019488,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Forsaken,"A game really for the hardcore JRPG addicts out there, Agarest: Generations of War 2 is a mixed bag of results. The combat systems is well done for the genre, which is critical since the gameplay follows a linear schematic of running between cutscenes/dialogue sequences with battles sprinkled in there. There is not a whole lot of room for exploration. While that is not necessarily a bad thing (linear stories can be very strong and very well done), the main plot seems a bit repetitive even in the first generation and by the second generation is completely predictable.I will admit that I did not finish this game, but gave it about 12 hours of my time hoping and praying the game would get better, as many JRPGs start off relatively slowly. This one just never took off for me, and was genuinely offputting starting in generation 2. This might be up your alley if you enjoyed the rest of the series, but it didn't do it for me."
76561198019839359,Recommended,312790,14548530,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Rookie (ZOE),"While this title is still inferior to the original Record of Agarest War (not Zero), it still is MUCH more fulfilling than Zero was, that is for certain and while it doesn't surpass the original Record of Agarest War, it still is better than Zero.  All-in-all I have to give this a solid 8/10 since, unlike Zero, it doesn't hold anything back like in Digest RoAW on Zero (screw you non-existent Bride choice >_< ), you can have the chance to face the true sources of woe in Agarest in this AU story just like in the original RoAW and it is MUCH more longer than Zero was.  I recommend it more than Zero, honestly... ^^;   Also...  I HIGHLY prefer the original SP system since it was and still is more fair than the ""Ultimate Points"" that RoAW II replaces as well as the new ""wait"" system, I always prefer the original system but that's just me I suppose. ^^;"
,Not Recommended,312790,24144764,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jão,Altough the game changed its system it is still a great JRPG Cliche game
76561198013395249,Recommended,312790,30230418,Posted: 27 February,all,masterfocus [GameTame.com],"Agarest: Generations of War 2 is the third installment of the Agarest series, which are coming from the Playstation 3 console. It's a tough RPG with many different elements from another ones of its type, and it's really tough to learn to play. And it has dating sim elements, which are the main feature of the Agarest series.GraphicsThe graphics are ok, the characters animations are simple, like almost 16-bit animations, but when the characters speak with each other, their animations are a lot better, with good quality anime animations featuring their facial expressions while their dialogues are shown at the lower screen. Also, the CG pictures you earn through the game are really well done, showing the girls at sexy situations (but without any full or partial nude).GameplayThe gameplay scares away some people new to the Agarest series, because the battles are really unique compared to any RPG ever created. However, this specific Agarest game is way too different from the previous editions. Your characters are positioned at the right side of the screen and the enemies at the left and the position of you and your enemies will be important to plan your attacks, because the different skills (and there's A LOT of different skills) have different area effects and dimensions. Also, the skills have different types and elements and this affects the damage you'll do and the probability to hit the target. Don't forget the status changes of the atributes, like strenght and defense, for example, and status ailments, like poison or sleep, for example.You can use up to 4 characters to each battle and you can change one of them for another one during the battle, but if the exchanged character is down (he/she ""died""), you can't bring him/her back and need to win the fight and revive him/her at a city. Yes, you can't revive a character at the map, and this is annoying as hell.The game has so many elements that I'll need to be concise about it. Anyway, you'll control a party of adventurers, always with a lead protagonist, which will marry one of 3 girls, generate a son and the son will be the new lead protagonist and he will have 3 new girls to marry and you got the spirit. Each lead character is one generation and this game have a total of 3 generations, so you'll generate two sons until you get to the end of the game. You can choose any girl you like, but you'll need to have high love from her so you can generate a good son and a good event (with CGs and sexy animations, of course). You build love through events at the map, where you make choices and, depending of the choices, you'll increase or decrease one or many of the affection that your team characters have towards you. And, no, the male characters has affection, but it's not love, you can't go gay here (sorry, lgbt).How I said before, this game have so many elements, I needed to resume them. There are plenty of items, weapons, which you can unlock, craft and buy and sell. Just explore and try to get the hang of things. Once you learn the game, you'll like it better.Audio & SoundtrackOne of the stronger appeals of the Agarest games are its soundtrack. All characters has different voices and all of them are in japanese (but the subs are in english). And the music is amazing, specially the battle musics. You can't go wrong here.StorylineThe story is complex and you only learn the truth at the end of the game. Your lead protagonist, Weiss, is approached by a girl name Eva, which accuses him of killing a god (yes, a god can be killed here). In order to revive this god, he need to do a couple of tasks for her and the task is extended to his descendents, so his son and the son of his son will need to do the same. And she barely explain to him what's going on.The veredictIt's a new approach at the Agarest franchise and it's good, but really hard to master and learn. The dating sim elements don't please everyone, but are a nice touch at this franchise. I would recommend for any RPG fan which wants a game to spend hours trying to understand and master. But I advise you that it's not all of you which will like this game. This game you can only love or hate. But I hope you love it, because I love.Rating:Graphics: 8/10Audio: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,312790,19767575,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Engwyn,"Best JRPG I've played so far.+ Long, well written and interesting story (especially with True End).+ Deep, complex (in a good sense) and well-thought-out character customization.+ Dynamic, exciting and spectacular combat system.+ Challenging (especially without DLCs)+ Cute waifus+/- Sometimes grindy. I've never been bored though.10/10"
,Recommended,312790,33457787,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,"With a running length of several dozen hours (and that's if you're rushing), Agarest: Generations of War 2 is one of the biggest, most ambitious JRPG's on the market. Despite being held back by a poor opening sequence, Compile Heart has created an epic, sprawling world for players to sink months of their time into."
76561198084450182,Not Recommended,312790,18032708,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,GaleGunner,"Ok this time i make my 1st review after long not playing any game i own.pros:-Has many cool bgm.-Has many fanservice & good arts.-can choose whom you will marry.cons:-The-game actually has a good story, sadly is not directed to the actual story and seem random. when you choose the wrong answer choices, skip the missed some events and missions in the guild then forever will not have true end forever or even having to repeat the game from the beginning.-To a new player who plays this game is very difficult to follow because of the lack of a tutorial and can not see the tutorial again.-Too many features presented on this game make a new player confusion.-Dlc is overpriced.-The dialogue content is too serious not and many joke dialogues can be found here and maybe you will boring in 5-10 minutes.If you want to buy this game go ahead, i wont stop you, because every player has their own opinions."
76561198120569908,Not Recommended,312790,18709828,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dia'Mortis,the games story is great but im thumbing this down due to the conveluded combat system give me back the old combat system and ill give it a ten outta ten until then this game gets a 7/10... so far im finding myself torn in this game the combat removes the whole point of your team now i just need one guy and to spam the j  button and on top of that in order to get the true ending your forced to marry 2 women so that removes the whole rpg♥♥♥♥♥♥from the jrpg so the question remain bad combat lack of teamwork and forced romances... why am i playing this? 5/10
,Not Recommended,312790,19302405,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Innocent Hate,"Do not buy. Was really turned off at the fact that when I went into my item menu to view some free DLC items, my menu became stuck and would not let me back out at all. Restarted, made a new game, tried again, and the problem persisted. This is insanely flawed, do not waste your time or money, even when on sale."
76561197980170937,Not Recommended,312790,19519892,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Murr!,Extremely buggy for me. Hard crashes about every 30 minutes
76561197977632063,Recommended,312790,14567020,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Xetelian,"Great game, runs perfectly, scratches that tactical RPG itch."
,Recommended,312790,14677280,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tomcat,"You know, I nearly forgot how much I love these games.  This one is no different.  Concept is good, story is just what I would expect from jsrpg but either I'm thick or the battle system doesn't explain itself very well. Seems quite obtuse but, maybe when I get further along I can understand it more. Also, there is bouncing"
,Not Recommended,312790,33104006,Posted: 1 July,all,fukin kil me,Take a good series with good combat and then ruin the combat
76561198205217699,Recommended,312790,24471413,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,goat,"My crack-cocaine. I hate JRPG's, and yet I cannot stop playing them. This one is no exception. The combat is really fun, but I recommend resorting to DIRTY CHEATS or FILTHY CASUL MODE if you don't enjoy grinding alotand just want to enjoy the story, which is pretty decent as far as JRPGs go. The biggest concern of mine (and a lot of other people, I've gathered), is the needless censoring done by Ghostlight.Where da uncensor patch at?/10To sum everything up:Decent game, alright writing, (some) likeable characters, pretty okay waifus, intersting combat, great soundtrack, Schwarz.6/10 (That's not a bad score.)"
76561197978222857,Not Recommended,312790,28355650,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GronkJuice,"Yeah I picked up this game only because I wanted to see if it was as bad as so many people have placed it.BLUF: (Bottom line up front) The first game was the hight of this series, even zero was a pale comparison to itIt is!  In its defence it would have been better if it was a spin off.-The continents are so strange you can't place what one is what unless you memorized the names.-The Cast is so bad that you won't even be mad anymore that you have 2 less people in your party-The spell lists and books seem like a cool way to specialize your party, but both the skills given and the powers you recieve are worthless once you get the power of Arc-An-Ciel (AAC)-The main story is so pathedic that you mainly just use skip in order to get to the next crapy battleThe good parts of the game are very few-All party members get exp now, so no longer will you have a party member under leveled at a special battle that only they are in (which is also gone)-Battles are faster (if you didn't use auto battle for easy fights in the first two)-You can change your party mid battle (This one was actualy amazing)Neutral parts of the game (good/bad depending on player)- No longer are your weapons key points of skills you can have, now it is only better stats.  making end game items no longer character specific- Flashy combos are replaced with finnishing moves (no AP required, just tokens you get for break gage) allowing for quicker flow, and the ability to use multiple times in combat (even more then once on one foe)- Mini game added to agument relationships (good for those that want to experience a different story options but still want to keep brides happy to pick them at end of generations)Worst part of battles in this game, is that you had to specialize your characters so much in atks (one char had only holy atks ect) in order to take advantage of weaknesses cause of the crapy rotation skills.  But with the low skill count in thsi game for a large portion of it made it worthless once you started to get enough for specializing (See AAC)I did drop this game due to lack of interest, and just watched a speed up 'lets play' in order to see what I missed (which was my time and money)WORST PART OF THE GAME IS THE DEMAND FOR MINI GAMES!and it was made for a controler or motion control.  so the port to the computer was bad for adjusting for true ends.I believe that games like this, that abandon all the qualities that makes a game great and unique, end up killing otherwise worthly franchises.Final review: Only get this game if youA)Didn't enjoy the battle system of the prior onesB)Didn't enjoy the fact that wrong decitions in the story could prevent you from choosing a bride at end of generationsC)you REALLY want to see a sequil (oh wait japan companies dont care about us, so I guess a port when/if they make one?)"
76561198056352614,Recommended,312790,17286790,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"I will have to admit that this game is not as interesting as far as the combat system is considered when compared to the original Agarest. The storyline seems to be sticking to the original theme:1. Be a god.2. Find hot chicks.3. Make babies.The game still has plenty of endearing qualities, and I would recommend it if you are a fan of the JRPG genre, but I wouldn't say it is an improvement in my opinion over the original. In fact, I would go as far to say that the game seems a bit more grindy than most JRPG's. It saddens me, but I still need my RPG fix. So, it will do."
76561198007711660,Recommended,312790,18451336,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Avanade,"This is my first JRPG in Steam and I'm very pleased in my purchase of this game. I highly recommend this for JRPG gamers and for RPG gamers that wants to add an anime feel on their RPG experience. The story is immersing and the characters have certain interactions with the main character that makes you feel more ""into the game"".The only thing that I don't like with some of the JRPG games are the ""true endings"" route wherein if you make a false move, even for just one decision, you'll never be able to get a good ending. This made me become reliant on walkthroughs for the game since I always want to finish RPGs without walkthroughs in my first run. But since the story is so epic, I wanted to have the true ending in first run.That is the only CON that I can think of. The graphics are great and very anime styled. The characters profiles and stories are in-depth. The game mechanics are unique and very interactive since it has this combo feature. Overall, this is a good buy in the Steam store (you can always wait for a sale and its even better...  I bought it at a sale price plus all DLCs and I don't regret doing that) for the JRPG fans and RPG fans that want to try a new twist to their games."
76561198008717978,Recommended,312790,16999989,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Zeke,Other then the missing DLC of being able to get Ellis (from the first Agarest War)  I like it. Battle is very different but over all decent. Now if only Steam would add the Extra Cahacter #3 forbidden Tome.
,Recommended,312790,17809516,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"40 hours to complete a normal ending with almost all guild quests completed. Was actually trying to get the True ending BUT somewhere i may have been wrong and lost it. Thats why i had the Guild jobs done till that point. Used a trainer to have party points(I have cheated all Agarest games, dont really want to grind)7/10It was 8 but -1 for the Censorship first and foremost. The story itself was still ok but i may score it lower if i knew what i am missing with the censored material. The change of gameplay (for me) was a bit of a let down. It is still good but due to the nature of the skills. Instead of actually planning the places on where to cast the skill instead you ""plan"" during the skill menu then just spam click when you are fighting. Seriously just pick the skills that has an AOE for normal fights.Needs improvement on the leadership on why they chose a ""censored"" version to ship. The game itself and port is good, I would not discredit the devs but whoever decided to go ahead with the censored versionRare achievemnt Hunter: Was planning to Complete the game....."
,Recommended,312790,23198992,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Jyanto,playing the massage game on the keyboard is freaking tough. Especially the bath one where you have to rotate. . .its too hard. . . anyways yeah. Game is fun though. Bathtub scenes are great lol
76561198015229979,Recommended,312790,16002384,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,patyos,Like The originbal  Agarest You will have Hundreds of Hours of playtime and alot of exploring :D  This time around  you can explore the world map and battles are more frequent .Great  Adventure RPG  With alot of Depths and 3  Different Endings  although the True Ending is nearly impossible without a guide  the other endings are straightforward .If you are not already a Fan of Agarest Games I Highly Recommend you play Agarest Generations of war and AgarestZERO Before Agarest2
,Recommended,312790,14564121,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,King Sombra,"Still getting the hang of the controls this time around and it feels more simplistic than Agarest 1 & Zero, but I've enjoyed it so far.  I'd recommend it to everyone that's enjoyed the series and I'd agree with the Waifu Hunter (Curator) in regards to being a contender for Waifus of the Year.  A very powerful contender ready to blow the competition away from day one."
76561198143877333,Not Recommended,312790,15957312,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Brian,I bought while drunk
,Not Recommended,312790,28498730,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,1H 15M Man,"Wow. I must be getting old, because I can't stand the slow, drawn out dialog, after dialog, after dialog. I only made it 3 hours into this game, before becoming utterly bored. The characters feel so disconnected from the gameplay, I lost interest in the story within minutes of starting. I tried, but could not handle the disconnect. heck they even have a difficulty to make every fight ridiculously easy, so you can focus on the story only. I wish they focused on the story.I spent 2 out of my 3 measly hours failing to skip through the dialog and completely skipping the cutscenes all together, as the narration was incredibly dry and drawn out. The last hour had little progression, as I was triggering random fights, in attempt to learn the combat mechanics. The game provided ""helpful"" character hints, which turns into several long minutes trying to provide a tutorial, that could not be skipped and unfortunately incomplete. It kinda tells you how it works. It's like reading an owner's manual, without all the details. The information is there, but not in  an easy to understand/relatable manorI can tell a lot of thought went into the complex combat system and graphics, and the story was on an epic level, but felt more like a chore, than a thrilling adventure. I'd rather wash my already clean dishes. It came down to grudging through the already forgotten story, in hopes that the combat will make it all worth it, or give up...This game is now collects virtual dust."
,Recommended,312790,15259481,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DemiDeityLink,DefinItely for the hardcore niche. If you enjoyed gameplay in titles such as Xenogears this game is for you. The story leaves some to be desired but the addicting gameplay in terms of control layout makes for a type of JRPG that hasn't been seen in a while.
76561197977695708,Recommended,312790,14845829,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SIlent_PInes,Great game. Feels like the gameplay has become silghtly more difficult but I enjoy the overall story.
76561198093940143,Recommended,312790,15014553,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,†•Ðэатнsтяокэ,"First time i played this game was on ps3 console, and I loved it!!"
,Recommended,312790,14903624,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SoJason,"First time I play one of the Agarest games, but I am enjoying this one so far.You can put some time into it and I had to figure out most things.And you can force girls to marry you.Hand went straight to the♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
76561198056682679,Recommended,312790,23559362,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rene.perron,Great story good game play like all the Agarest series
,Recommended,312790,15597984,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Tentacle Bunny,"Ye be warned, fanboy...They changed the controls in this game, As well as the battlesystem.I've put this on the backburner for the time being b/c of those changes.Storyline, and everything else seems to be on par with what we've grown to love...The gameplay changed. Yes, its more interactive, although, I missed the old RPG menu battle style, which is what I fell in love with about the first one, and the genre in general.Still, a good game by Compile Heart, who also worked on Hyperdimension Neptunia.I'll still reccomend this,but, I'll reccomend you play Agarest: Generations of War, and Agarest: Zero first."
,Recommended,312790,16319281,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rishoune,"After having lost a few weeks of sleep to Agarest: Zero, I was eagerly awaiting Agarest 2. Infact when I saw it release at about 4am on steam finally, I could not have clicked the ""Buy"" button any harder. And for sure a lot has changed in the third game. Now that I found time to actively play through it thoroughly, figured a review wouldn't hurt.Overall, it's very fun. There are many, mostly positive changes to the series compared to the previous game, Agarest Zero.Story:If you're able to immerse into a game's plot or story, you'll enjoy Agarest 2 or any Agarest game. But whether you're a returning fan or new to the series, be warned that Agarest 2's story is far darker, cuder, and more of a ""grim reality"" compared to previous games. However, just like in-game, there's always light in the dark. You'll end up appreciating the happy moments all the more. Just don't go into it expecting child-friendly content. Just like in a good anime, there will be swearing, inneundos, and action a-plenty. Not for the easily-offended or too-uptight.(Personally, I loved Gen2. The character developement and characters overall were by far my favorite by the end.)Combat & In-game features:As opposed to previous entries where you would move your party around a board, then initiate attacks in turn order, Agarest 2 tried, and very well succeeds in changing the combat pace of the Agarest series. You no longer move around a board, rather you sit on ""your side"" and launchs attacks at enemies, which can move you out of formation or into enemy territory. And rather than picking a bunch of commands, you now input the attacks as they happen. While it will seem basic at first, eventually with practice you'll be chaining many different combo and group attacks in one long chain (and as a bonus, the bigger you combo chain, the more damage per-hit you deal for that chain).A few things were blundered with though. Firstly, navigation and finding events or even the main quest can be extremely irritating. You have no markers on the minimap, no arrow, no way to re-read the last event to see where you're meant to go, so if you stop playing the game for awhile and can't remember or did not write it down, you may spend a lot of time searching for it. And in the same suit, the game will often unlock 'optional' event fights or mini-bosses you can find around the maps when you complete Commissions, but it tends to be cryptic in that fact. I was nearly done with Gen1 before I even realized some of these events were actually spawning event-monsters.Balance:I remember one fight in Agarest Zero's 2nd Gen, that I shamefully admit was a brick wall, I could not beat it until I caved in and purchased the best weapon DLC pack they had. However, I've yet to encounter such a ""great wall of china"" difficulty spike in Agarest 2 (I tribute this partially to the new combat system, when learned it can be heavily abused in your favor).The temptation of DLC will always exist, and there are times when it does seem like it'd be a good idea to spend $5~$10 on a pack, purely for the sake of breezing through. I haven't needed to do so, but if you really like the game and are having trouble or don't want to spend a fair amount of time farming/upgrading, pick up any of the packs when they go on sale, even just 1 can make all the difference. But unlike previous games, some insanely powerful gear can be obtained early on with some time investment. But whichever is your personal preference, either route is enjoyable.Customizing & Chars:As usual in an Agarest game, there's a healthy and entertaining cast of chars you'll have throughout the game. And while they all come leaned towards one playstyle or another, the amount of customizing in terms of skills and stats you can do with them is rather interesting. Which is nice considering Agarest: Zero was rather restrictive in that sense.(I do miss the dynamic changing outfits based on their affections from Zero though).Overall it's a great addition to the series, as well as a good game for anyone new to the series, great game series overall, you'll spend a good amount of enjoyable time in any Agarest game really. But I will re-iterate that of the series, 2 is the darker of the games (not a bad thing, if you're more of a fan of the more serious stories. If you're more into light-hearted, I recommend Agarest Zero as your starting point)"
76561198081064214,Recommended,312790,20919399,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,theshining7,Love this game and the combat is great.
76561198065665696,Recommended,312790,14580191,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Vanpire,in this series there so many kind new system that u never play on the last ver of agarest. for first time it bit confused and the help didn't help much bit hard to find the combo like the old ver. but overall this game still give us much curious with the story + the dating one with bonus mode that u never seen before on the lates series and still u will find the bath scene 100% must play this game!! XD the for the story!! :3
,Recommended,312790,14585137,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dion07,"I have never played any of the Agarest games, but this one caught my eye. I pre-ordered it and waiting for it to be released.After playing it for 30 minutes, I got really tired of how long and slow the game runs. Charactor's move really slow. The battle system looks like it would be fun to learn and play, but again, since it is so slow, I lose interest.I hope they can fix this as I was looking forward to this game and got a disappointment instead.EDIT: After reinstalling the game and playing it again, it seems that there was an update that addressed the slow run issue. The game runs great now and I am enjoying my purchase :)"
76561198082835590,Recommended,312790,15181679,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,nightwing7280,the best game nothing but hyperdimension neptunia can touch it
,Recommended,312790,15106484,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Rust,Kawaiifus. 8/8
76561198031790778,Recommended,312790,14603874,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,hebajuba,great game great series...if a little unorthidox
76561198115153982,Recommended,312790,15141375,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Boss Gelo,bouncing♥♥♥♥♥♥.. highly recommended
,Recommended,312790,14572128,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,💔~Darksideofhell~💔,So far i love it great story just like the others :3
76561198065253687,Not Recommended,312790,15248329,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Irisviel,no
,Recommended,312790,14847366,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Redemperor124,"A game can be enjoyable even with a little bit of loli censorship.Gameplay is a bit confuse at first, It need a lot more planning and preparing characters than the first 2 games but it becomes much more the normal rpg style and less tactical planning in battle. you will know when you play.The story is somehow more serious than the first two game but also not complicated. It's the same agarest style.Enjoy Playing it so far. recommend to JRPG fans. At least it is better than Neptunia in my opinion."
76561197993421641,Not Recommended,312790,26252725,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FIGIOT,- Crap questtracker- overly complex combat- boring combat3/10
76561198078139901,Not Recommended,312790,20291711,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gundora,This engine is sucks! i prefer agarest zero models
,Recommended,312790,14752069,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Caviar,10/10 would try all waifus
76561198045333097,Not Recommended,312790,22321159,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fooly Cooly,"You don't want this game. Poor action, little (if any) customization and control options."
76561198037244940,Recommended,312790,14551875,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,shanesgp,Not to far in to the game yet but so far it is awesome improvement on the last two. While still having all the parts you probably loved.
,Recommended,312790,14629233,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,SpicyBeefBowl,10/10 would mash X again.
,Recommended,312790,16437848,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tatsu the Farmer,"Want a waifu?Want to marry a waifu?hate the main character in 'every' harem anime?If you said yes to any of those questions, this is the game for you. After playing this game and watching too much anime, I realized that I dont need a real girl in my life when I can just marry my favorite waifu. Don't worry there are many waifus to choose from, so there is a waifu just right for you.Pros:Various different waifus to choose fromMaking decisionsPlot and more 'Plot'Cons:grind-fest10/10 would marry my waifu again"
76561198165702940,Recommended,312790,16487526,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,EsdeathIsTheBest,"You know you're lonely when you play this game. Great and very annoyingly complex battle system, has mini games that give me nosebleeds and tutorials that give me headaches (But, lol i'm a masochist). 10/10 should choose Victoria and Vanessa. AWESOME GAME THOUGH!!! I'm definately gonna finish this :)"
,Recommended,312790,14588914,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ウォン うう〜☆💖,"This game is recommended to all players, if chu know what type of skills and combinations you know on the previous series. ♥"
,Recommended,312790,14756995,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Rin,Just Fantastic
,Recommended,312790,15438952,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Iris,"How I plan to marathon this.1) Lights turned off.2) Used the bathroom.3) Took long, hot bath.4) Six snickers bars.5) Five twix bars.6) Three cokes.7) Empty water bottle.8) Lotion.9) Tissues. (If I'm gonna marathon this in one go i need to burn off the calories i eat.)Door: LockedPants: OffShirt: OffBoxers: OffIncognito window: OpenHeadphones: OnPhone: Off (I don't have any friends so i shouldn't expect any calls anyways ;-;)"
76561198008749389,Not Recommended,312790,17351902,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,"Do not buy this game even if you love jrpgs I cannot stress this enough it is the most boring game in existence.Pros THERE ARE ♥♥♥♥ING NONE.Cons boring story, repetative music, long dialogs which you will eventually decide to skip out of boredom, ♥♥♥♥ing mission based event ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to get the true ending you need to do all this random crap and kill x enemies for every mission it's so booooooooooooooooooooooooring. God I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198025473699,Not Recommended,312790,14768741,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,quietChaos,"talking heads with a wall of text of banter that isn't interesting or goes anywhere, is a dumb way to tell a story."
,Recommended,312790,14573981,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Tea Time,Sugoi Gēmu
76561198056929088,Recommended,312790,14549587,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,nukeboy1100,about the game it self there is no problem grapichs could be a little better and combat could be faster overall no problem in it so i give it 9/10
76561198116044477,Not Recommended,312790,30482375,Posted: 12 March,all,nefathom,censored no reason to even play a jrpg
76561198307846206,Recommended,312790,27923641,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ready.Set.Duel,3 MINUTES INTO THIS GAME AND IM FREAKING OUT THIS IS MY NUMBER ONE FAVORITE SERIES OF RPG AND NUMBER 1 IN MY HEART DO I HAVE TO SPELL IT OUT AFTER 3 MINUTES I CANNOT BELIEVE WHAT I SAW I WILL PLAY THIS UNTIL THE DAY I DIE I WILL NEVER GIVE UP LIVE AGAREST. BTW IVE PLAYED THE ONES BEOFRE AND THERE JUST AS AWSOEM SO GET THE COLLECTION AND ALL THE DLCS BECAUSE IF YOU WANT FUN YOU KNOW WHERE ITS AT.
76561198007807564,Not Recommended,312790,14549265,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Drunetovich,"Unbelivably complicated, life points, party points, ultimate points, time points, story points, stat points, this points, that points, item links, formation links, activation links, combo points, button mashing, made my head spin heh. If you like complicated get it, stay away otherwise."
,Recommended,312790,14549879,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tears | Farmskins.com,Didn't even start to play yet but already know that it will  be a fun and enjoyable ride XD
76561197969749884,Recommended,312790,24949499,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Great mechanics, really grindy.Wort a look for JRPG fans, but beware that there are way too many tropes in there which would most likely make pretty much any and all feminists go commando on this game. If that's your thing, great. Otherwise you'll suffer the danger of getting offended."
,Not Recommended,312790,28091478,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ghola,I tried to enjoy this game I really did. The game mechanics are so different from the original 2 games and no manual or way to go through how things work a second time really just sucked the fun out of it.
76561198140571756,Not Recommended,312790,30062002,Posted: 20 February,all,CutDownTheMightiestTreeWithA,"I liked the first game.  I found the gameplay relaxing and I enjoyed strategizing.  But this disappoints in every way.  It's laggy.  It crashes often.  And there's no tech support available.  The combat has been streamlined, but that makes it more complicated to do what you want.  It's also less visually impressive??  I had read people complain about the censorship and thought, ""oh good, it's censored at least.""  But the censorship is just badly done, making no one happy.The main heroes are about the only thing interesting in this train wreck.  The rest of the characters have such asinine and repetitive conversations that even they seem bored with constantly talking about killing more demons and fetching items that have no connection to the story."
,Recommended,312790,22704842,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AomiN,I recommend it because it's quite good price/content ratio but I warn youPLAY YOUR FIRST PLAYTHROUGH ON EASY OR YOU WILL REGRET.probably the most frustrating and unbalanced of all Agarests
,Recommended,312790,34117491,Posted: 8 August,all,YAOI,like this game
76561197989789247,Recommended,312790,34593533,Posted: 29 August,all,threepwood007,"I loved this game for a lot of reasons. Characterization, gameplay, difficulty/challenge, interactions with the protagonists and the generations, and more.The port itself is really well done and much easier to play than the ps3 version.As for censorship and whatnot, I'm hella against it but having played the ps3 version 3x through and this one 1x through, I didn't really see anything worth having a kitten about. Should Ghostlight be reprimanded for it? Absolutely. Is this still a great game? Absolutely."
76561197974034771,Recommended,312790,34658810,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,"Decent game, even if i do not like the grinding part .... ok, i knew what i would get there."
