user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312750,12631986,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Cen,"This version of Final Fantasy IV is not the original, but a PC port of the Android app. The android app is a port of the DS version with improved text and sound and neat speech bubbles with character thoughts. It removes one DS feature, a little customizable eidolon named whyt. Whyt sucks anyway.The game is good. I will say that. You don't need more then 30 frames to play in this style of game, and the resolution and graphics are pretty decent. The menu's are obviously designed for a phone, but the game plays great with a controller.The story is THE BEST of the final fantasies. You will soon forget this is a port or any stupid problems you thought you had. I won't spoil anything but this version adds some unique post game challenges to overcome in the form of some superbosses.Also this game is hard as crap. Leveling and grinding isn't as important as smart boss tactics.The pricetag is a bit crazy high for a port though. I reccomend grabbing this baby on the upcoming christmas sales, because we know it will be there."
,Recommended,312750,32417877,Posted: 14 June,all,Spoony Bard,"Some explanation before a brief review -> This is a PC port of an iOS/Android port of a Nintendo DS remake of an SNES game (which was originally known as Final Fantasy II in North America). Whew. This charmful 3D remake is an oppurtunity for one put off by 2D graphics to check out one of the true revolutionary JRPG classics. While not the best the series, Final Fantasy IV was one of the first video games to contain an epic story filled with multiple characters (albeit one-dimensional). This is also the first Final Fantasy game to have the ATB system, which gives the turn-based combat a sense of urgency. In terms of replayability, the game features a New Game+ mode that allows players to retain certain items and seek out new ones. Not a necessary remake, but a fun one nonetheless.Note -> The English voice acting is rather horrible. There are ways to mod the PC version to feature Japanese audio. Inquire within the Steam Guides."
,Not Recommended,312750,28792449,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KoP,"Final Fantasy IV is a great game. This port however is an embarrassment - I can not bring myself to defend it.A quick bit of history, this is a PC port of a phone port of the (excellent) DS remake of the original SNES game. What I wanted was just to be able to play my DS copy on my TV. With this I got that... and some further changes.The aspect ratio, I've not seen anything like this done by a developer of SE's caliber. The 4:3 aspect from the DS, in order to fit a 16:9 display, has had the top and bottom cut off and then black bars added to the side to fill the rest. The result is that you actually see less than you do on the tiny DS's screen, and that animation can actually move large creatures and bosses awkwardly off the top of the screen a little - you can notice this early on with the Mist Dragon's idle animation.The UI is horrendous. It is the phone UI with its big round buttons and overinflated scale that takes up half the screen in battle. Important if you're trying to mash your finger onto a screen to perform an action but an eye-sore on PC. Icons are scaled up and bilinearly filtered - resulting in a big ugly smeared and edge-clipped hand cursor in the menus. The characterless arial font that they've replaced the DS's font with is even poorly clipped itself with little white dots appearing between certain arrangements of letters. A real disregard shown for any polish.There is a gameplay adjustment as well. An auto-save before every battle. So, now, gone is the whole point of dungeons in a game like this; where you would struggle on to the next save/rest point, the compromises you might have to make and rationing of items and MP. Now, if you fail, you're simply started right where the battle last began, to continue on as if nothing had occurred.Through that hacky aspect-ratio induced letterbox and under all that horrible phone UI... is still the wonderful game of FFIV. What a port though..."
,Recommended,312750,17459904,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Admiral Rinj von Scoot,"I hadn't played FF4 in over fifteen years, and I wasn't sure how well it would hold up--in the end, I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. The cast is full of likeable characters, the boss battles (especially on hard mode) are very fun and require far more strategy compared to most FF games, and a full playthrough clocks in at a very reasonable ~25 hours.It's worth pointing out, however, that this port is marred by several significant technical issues. This version is a port of the iOS/Android version which itself was a port of the DS version--both of these elements are very, very obvious. The in-battle menus are clearly designed for touchscreens, the character models are extremely low poly with the original DS textures, and battle scenes are locked at 15FPS. If you can manage to overlook these glaring, highly obstructive issues, though, you'll find a wonderful game underneath the surface.One aspect that, to me, stands out above the rest is the rebalancing of magic spells. Unlike most FF games, where status ailment spells are close to worthless, there is a use for every single spell in the game. Aside from Cure spells, Slow is perhaps the most important spell in the game! Most bosses will be suspectible to Slow and one or two other status ailments, and each fight becomes a puzzle to determine how to mitigate the boss's most powerful traits and abilities. Once you get to the absolutely punishing (in hard mode, at least) final dungeon, this applies to every random battle as well and forces the player to come up with winning strategies on the spot. Here are some spells that I cast on enemies that were crucial to completing the game: Slow, Stop, Silence, Reflect, Break, Berserk, Bio, Confuse. Seriously, how often do you cast those in FF games?I only played through on hard mode, and aside from three specific fights it was very well done, striking an excellent balance between challenging and fair. One early fight, Mom Bomb, took me more tries than any other fight in the game, including the final boss; it was an absurd early spike in difficulty that felt completely out of place. Dr Lugae relied partially on chance to beat, due to the confluence of his randomly cast Reversal Field ability and cast timers for your party. Finally, while the rest of the game required no grinding whatsoever, the final boss was actually 100% impossible to beat without gaining about 3-4 extra levels at the end, and even then it was reliant upon perfect execution of a very specific strategy. I know it's the last boss of hard mode, but they took it just a lil bit too far!This is just nitpicking, though, as it's worth reiterating that the entirety of the rest of the game was very well-crafted and well-balanced--just don't feel bad or get disheartened if you get stuck on those same fights. Just like most FF games, you'll always be at an appropriate level as long as you just fight whatever battles that pop up as you explore dungeons, no need to go out of your way to grind. If you mess up and die on a fight, you can hit Continue and it'll bring you right back to where you were, so no worries about losing progress. Cutscenes are skippable, summon animations are skippable, and there's a Quicksave option in addition to save points. Sadly, random battles still exist, and that admittedly will be a deal breaker for many.Technical issues aside, this is a textbook example of how to remake a game: keep the basic framework (plot, designs, etc), and update the gameplay in a way that provides a new challenge while feeling very familiar. In a word, this is a game that is respectful: of the original developers, of the source material, and of players both new and old. With the caveat that this is a poor port of an excellent game, I highly recommend it (and play it in hard mode!)."
76561198040024328,Recommended,312750,13072235,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Japanese roleplaying game, belongs toFinal Fantasyseries~Number of players: 1~Completion time: 35-50 hours~Remastered version of already existing titleStrong points+Story: A tale about maturity, friendship, love, hatred and dignity.+Content: A game suitable for both young and mature audiences.+Music: Don't take my word for it; just listen to the complete soundtrack(uploaded on youtube by TantrisOST)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMpzODudeks+Tradition: Create teams of five characters and face challenging foes in a turn based battle-system. ExperiencedFinal Fantasyplayers will tread on familiar ground while newcomers will adapt gradually thanks to the game's instructional early stages.+Not another grinding fest: Bosses require strategic planning not just level superiority.+Length: Neither too short for gamers who enjoy secrets, nor too long for those who get bored easily.+Characters, NPCs, companions with interesting background and distinctive personalities.+Remade: Enjoy one of the bestFinal Fantasygames with remade graphics, remastered music score and optional bosses/rewards.+Replay value: Keep certain key items and abilities, fight bosses exclusively to NG+, etc.+Controls: Customizable in-game settings, controller support.+For seasoned adventurers and newcomers: Normal and Hard difficulty modes.Weaknesses-Good old days: Fans of the original may find that this 3D version lacks the artistic depth of the original in sections such as boss modeling or spell casting presentation.-Price: Preferably buy it during a sale.-A few key items (e.g. Adamant armor) have an extremely low drop rate which makes the related  to them achievements quite frustrating to obtain.-Comparison to Nintendo DS: Basically the same port; developers could have spent more time editing certain sections of the game such as battle speed, visual effects, etc.-Auto-level up: Every time you level up, your stats are automatically allocated with no option to customize your character's attributes as you wish, making each character locked to a specific class.Neutral ground±Tread carefully: In opposition to later entries, which tend to be forgiving,FFIVdemands adaptability and cleverness; always plan ahead and choose your moves carefully.My rating4/5Remains debatable if it's better than the originalFinal Fantasy IV. Nevertheless, if you are a fan of Japanese RPGs or someone who cherishes old-school challenging games you won't be disappointed at all."
76561198040772865,Recommended,312750,12149387,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Rune,"What you should know:1. Non-battle gameplay is locked at 30 fps. Battle's are locked at 15 fps. This is because the PC version is based on the Android port that is based on the DS port. Kind of like an emulation. The 15 fps isn't too debilitating given this is a turn based game but there is noticable input lag that can be annoying and the animation looks stiff.2. I tested resolutions from 1920 x 1080 all the way down to 800 x 600 and you really don't notice much of a difference in game. The textures up close (usually during cutscenes) look terrible and neither an increase nor a decrease in resolution seemed to help much at all. 1080p DOES however make the excellent FMV's look even more stunning. Seriously, those are friggin beautiful.3. The game itself has really hooked me so far. Cecil is way more interesting then any other protaganist I have played as in quite some time. Really makes you wonder how SE could have screwed up so badly with the more recent iterations of Final Fantasy. For some reason, I never got around to playing this even though I've played every other FF that's come stateside and am really glad I picked this one up.As I have not played any other version of this game I can't give a good comparison review to other versions. The good is the game itself is great and looks pretty great most of the time. I enjoy the story and despite the 15 fps lock in battle after you get used to it it's not a big deal HOWEVER, If you port a game to PC it's pretty inexcusable to lock framerates so low. As PC gamers, we want to play the game as silky smooth as possible and I can understand why people are upset about this. Hopefully someone can mod this quickly.All in all, I'm glad I purchased this game. I can finally play the FF most people praise as the best one ever made. So far, this game really delivers and I'm having a-lot of fun. Take care all I will update my review if I have any further info or thoughts on the game as I continue playing. Peace!"
,Recommended,312750,12131150,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,RabbitBuster,"If you love Final Fantasy, buy this!! This release is the very best for Final Fantasy IV! 1080p, full screen TV, surround sound and Xbox controller. You can't go wrong with this amazing game which now includes voice acting for cutscenes!"
76561197992909722,Not Recommended,312750,12144697,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Reverend Ragu,"I love FFIV.  It's probably up there in terms of games I've spent the most time with.  Twenty-two years, and I generally find time to play through one of its multitudes of ports and remakes every year or so.  It's a remarkably well designed RPG and for what it lacks in freewheeling customizability it makes up for in perfect pacing and balance,This is a port of the Android version.  Actually, from what I've been reading here, it's an EMULATION of the Android version, for a double lazy point multiplier (lazy points can be redeemed for valuable prizes but eh too much work).  The Android version is a port of the Nintendo DS version, which was excellent, though pushing against the limits of that system.  This remake was designed as something of a love letter to long-time FF4 fans, that showed a deep understanding of the original game.  Difficult encounters and bosses were tweaked to be much harder, and their stats and scripts were cleverly turned around to make the old, well-worn tactics ineffective - yet every boss now has a trick to it, and it's immensely satisfying to discover those tricks.Plus the graphics are really cute (all y'all boneheads who think this game should look like FFXV or whatever are smokin' some loco weed), and the cutscenes are really well done - almost exactly like I envisioned the scenes of the game in my head as a child.The Android (and iOS) versions were basically just the DS Version, but in a higher resolution with uglier interface assets and the utterly mediocre system font.  While most of the game runs at a smooth framerate, as it should since it's not exactly pushing the limits of the hardware, the battle scenes are jarringly choppy.  Initially when I played the Android version I was thinking that they must not have optimized the game very well - but no, it's completely intentional, framelocked at roughly 10-15 FPS.  This is probably due to Japanese developers still coding like its their glory days on the PS2, like so many Al Bundys dreaming wistfully about those four touchdowns in a single game in high school.  All the animation is most likely keyed to that irritatingly low framerate, and bumping it up will either make the animation look really bad or play it way too fast.So yeah, the PC version is that version.  Unless they (or hopefully some intrepid modder) fixes how choppy the battle scenes are (and how dull the interface/font is), don't bother.  There are way too many other versions of FF4, all of which you can play on your PC somewhat less legally, but it's hard to feel bad when Squeenix can't even put in a cursory effort to give us a good experience."
,Not Recommended,312750,23794744,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Doctor Dusty Rhodes,"Port of the mobile version, very ugly, giant buttons designed for a touch screen take up huge amounts of screen space. 15(!)fps lock in battle and 30fps lock elsewhere. Content from the original DS version has been removed entirely.Play the DS version."
,Recommended,312750,13744083,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[VtW] Tom Badguy,"This is not a review of the game FFIV, which has been out forever now, more of a review of the new 3D version and its port to Steam. Personally, I think FFIV is one of the best FF games ever, definitely in my Top 3. It introduced the first complete and in depth story to the franchise and had one of the best soundtracks in video game history. Here are my pros and cons for the remake:Pros:+ The GFX are great for a remake, definitely worthy of any FF fan to make them want to play through the game again+ In game cut scenes and small facial expressions are an added treat+ Voice acting is not bad, I was actually shocked that there was voice acting in this game and it's not terrible+ Ability to skip cut scenes, which is great so if you're stuck and keep dying, you don't have to keep watching them+ Each weapon in the game has its own unique look, so not all weapons look the same when equipped, same goesf or shields+ Summons look AMAZING!+ The remastered music is great, it's what kept me playing until I beat the game+ When the game is completed, there is a type of ""New Game +"" feature where you can play the game again with all items/equipmentCons:- Rare bugs during voice dialogue where one sentence may overlap another- There are some parts in the game, that I felt, deserved cut scenes- There is an in ability to move the ""Switch Rows"" selection during combat, too many times I accidentally selected to switch rows when I thought I was selecting Item. I would much rather prefer it being either a different button or just hit right on the battle menu screen to select(which I believe the original SNES version was like that)- When defeating certain bosses or if something important happens, you can collect ""Augments"" which gives you an additional menu selection in battles(for example, you can use bardsong and not be Edward). Only down side is, you have to pick them up(they will sparkle on the screen). I missed too many because I didn't know there was some to pick up or it was placed somewhere that I couldn't even notice it. Would be better if you just got them automatically.Overall, play this game. Whether you are a die hard fan or just getting into Final Fantasy, this is definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,312750,14632652,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,DapperDanMan,"It's pretty decent. A great story, solid voice acting (in the cutscenes where it's included), decent combat (auto-combat is a godsend), but it's got severe technical flaws because it's a port of an Android port of a Nintendo DS remake. The maps and music and battles are done faithfully as far as I can tell, but the graphics suffer; low resolution textures, framerate caps of 30 in everything but the battles, which are a brutal 15 fps, and clunky controls make for a flawed experience. Still, it's one of the most underrated stories in Final Fantasy with some unforgettable moments and while it's slightly cheesy in spots a lot of the characters are endearing and memorable. All that being said I find Square Enix's lack of respect for PC ports a bit disturbing. This is my second Steam Final Fantasy and both have significant flaws. The PC audience deserves a higher quality product. While I plan on getting more, none of them are worth buying at full price, these are wait-for-the-sale games for sure."
,Recommended,312750,23766759,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr Torgue High-Five Flexington,"Final Fantasy IV is the first game in the pseudo-series of FF titles to feature a half-decent story, and it's a story worth experiencing.I was first drawn to FFIV in the form of the European release for PS1. In addition to a relatively identical game to it's original release, it had the added bonus of FMV videos featuring scenes from the game. Having enjoyed it so much I had to get it for PC as well.This FFIV while not quite the same, is still enjoyable. Mostly based off the iOS/Android re-release, it has 3D graphics, cutscenes, and the CG intro from the NDS version is included. Further notable differences mentioned below.So why is the story great? Characters are unique for starters. Good characterisation and good story go hand in hand to make rpgs popular. Unlike earlier games, your playable characters act, think and feel differently to each other. They each have their own dialogue, views, worries, hates and likes. Earlier FF titles just don't have it - saving crystals from evil tyrants netted about as much meaningful dialogue as moving from one world map tile to the other did. And it wasn't really dialogue anyway, as often the conversation told you what you could already see on the screen anyway!The story starts with you as Cecil, captain of the Redwings of Baron, returning to your King to hand over one of the world's four elemental Crystals, taken by force from another city because your King ordered you to. Not exactly the stuff of heroes. Cecil has problems coming to terms with the violence, racked by guilt and unable to take solace in the arms of his love Rosa. So straight away there is this underlying tension that serves as a great foundation to help tie us to the game.There are four other permanent team members as well as various casual allies that leave the party for their own reasons. I won't go into lengthy plot details, except to say the fight becomes personal for everyone involved, with lives lost, towns burned to the ground, and even a giant war machine set loose upon the world.Gameplay originally used to be 2D for FFIV, but the Steam release comes with 3D graphics - a move that will inevitably divide fans. At first I found the visuals a strain on the eye - big messy polygons with what seems to be very little effort made in making them look better (or they intentionally went for the cartoony look). Gradually I warmed to it though, after discovering the essential gameplay was the same.More in-depth about the gameplay:  Most FF titles typically revolve around the Random Encounter mechanic - you travel around, either on the world map or in a smaller dungeon or castle, and every now and then you are forced into a fight against monsters. You fight these monsters, gaining experience, to the point where you will eventually 'level up'. This makes you stronger and able to take on tougher enemies (often by increasing your health pool, increasing your physical strength, or increasing your magic), which enemies tend to do as you progress through the story. Characters have their own classes too, whereby they have access to certain skills other members of your team do not, eg. Kain can Jump.On the subject of abilities, the 3D version of FFIV differs from the original version notably. This version offers two difficulties, and the option to replay the game a total of 3 times with the same file. Some things can carry over into a 'newgame+', such as a few items and abilities. Some abilities can also be acquired as Augments, like the aforementioned Jump, allowing another character (other than Kain) the ability in combat. This allows for a whole new level of customisation the original title didn't offer, and although I needed a guide to help me make sense of it, I ended up thoroughly enjoying it, working out how best to allocate Augments so that all five of my final team had as much as possible.The colour palette and variety of locations (due in part to travelling all over the world, and then some) helps keep the game entertaining. The music isn't overly annoying or out-of-place, thanks to Nobuo Uematsu's several excruciating nights spent in sleeping bags in the office.One thing I absolutely love about this version of FFIV is the voice-acting. Gamers may recognise Michael McConnohie's voice from various Soul Calibur titles, The Last Remnant and Dynasty Warriors 4 and 5; Dameon Clarke from Borderlands (as Handsome Jack), and various Dragonball Z titles; and of course my all-time favourite Liam OBrien, for contributions to FFXIII-2, the FFVII Advent Children movie, and a plethora of other video games.There is no Whyt in the Steam version though, so the related minigames also do not exist here on Steam. Steam does have achievements though, and while none of them are truly hard, some are definitely more time-consuming than others.While I recommend a basic familiarity with FF titles, it is not necessary for you to enjoy this game. FF titles are typically stand-alone titles, despite the various roman numerals tacked on to the name. Guides abound all over the internet for new and returning players alike. While there are one or two tough spots, even Hard difficulty isn't too bad in my view.So for a game that offers a decent story, wonderful characters, some groovy crystals that levitate and talk, and a whole bunch of other reasons inbetween, you can't go past FFIV."
76561197960450124,Recommended,312750,22170653,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JohnnyDemo,"Final Fantasy IV (PC version) is a remixed version of the original Final Fantasy IV from 1991, which was released as Final Fantasy II in North America for the SNES because Final Fantasy 2 and 3 were never released in North America at that time. Confused? Don't worry about it, lets just focus on this game.This version is a ""enhanced"" port of the DS port of this game. On a personal level I feel the PSP version is a better port overall but again, it's just my opinion.GraphicsGone is the 2D engine of the original game from over 25(!) years ago, and we welcome a 3d engine. The graphics overall aren't that great but they are servicable. I much prefer sprite based graphics especially the older Final Fantasy's. The move to the 3D engine is fine but it creates certain problems. When you are wandering around it creates an almost ""zoomed in""  feeling when navigating dungeons and towns. This issue may be the result of me playing the original version in my youth and it not feeling quite right. This most likely is not a problem at all if you are a younger gamer. The Other slight issue is the pixelization of the characters during close ups when there is cutscenes happening, the characters become quite ugly looking.Sound/MusicThey pretty much nailed this. Music is a very big deal in all the Final Fantasy's, and the music made a massive jump in quality and scope from part III to IV back in the day. They did a fanatastic job in maintaining the quality of the original score. The sound/music for this port is very good, and if you played the original you'll find yourself humming along as you remember the songs.StoryThe story is very linear but gives you the illusion of not being linear in certain parts of the game. The overall narrative is very good and it's mostly always clear on what you need to do. The Story itself is actually not that bad and holds up pretty good even by today's standards. The cast of characters are interesting and each have their own motivations and agendas which helps you actually care about the heroes. Also this port they added voice actors for certain parts of the story, when I first heard this I felt that sense of dread "" oh man how corny is this going to be?"". I'm actually very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the voice acting for the most part, I found Rydia's character to be weaker than the others but it's not that big of a deal.GameplayThis game assigns classes for your characters you will not change jobs (well except for ONE character!) and you do not make your own characters. Also characters come and go from your 5 man party as you work through the story. The battles take place in a side view using a ""Active Time Battle"" system. This basically means that while you are making a decision on what your characters do the monsters will attack you. There is a way to change the speed of the battles and even a choice to put it in a ""wait"" mode during battle. Meaning the monsters may still act while you decide but they will not get more than one turn while you decide.Since i'm on battles I will bring up the fact that for some reason the game defaults to 15 Frames per second  during battles. Its actually quite distracting and jarring especially as you are exploring a cave at 30fps when all of a sudden you find yourself looking at a choppy mess for a battle. The first time it happened I actually thought that something was wrong with my game, I  turned it off and went online to find out what was wrong that's how I found out this was on purpose! I did find a fix that makes the battles run at 25fps which improved it quite a bit. I won't post it here but if you google ""Final Fantasy 4 PC fps fix"" you will find it. I will be honest I'm not sure if I would have finished this game if I didn't find this fix.The other strange thing is the ability to use items (like 'rod') during battles. In the original game you just selected Item and scrolled to the weapon you wanted to use and it would cast a spell. This version you need to select the item under the abilities menu OUTSIDE of battle to put said item in your options list during battles. After about halfway through the game it really doesn't matter as you won't be using weapons as item commands anyway.There is an Augment system they added as well where you get to customize the characters with different abilities and traits, i'm kind of mixed on this because I would feel pretty upset if I wasted a good Augment on a character that left your party never to go back in. It didnt effect me because I've played this game so many times over the years that I know the story pretty much by heart and incidently I know who the final 5 characters in your party are so I could place the Augments accordingly. As a new player I would have no idea which characters are in the final part. However, we live in the internet age and it's easy to mitigate this.Overall I recommend this game it is a good JRPG but there are flaws.7/10"
,Not Recommended,312750,18143708,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rumi,"Atrocious! So many technical issues. Little strong points.- The common complaint. 15 FPS battles. It looks terrible even though I got used to it pretty quick. Or maybe some of the other negatives made this point seem a lot more irrelevant.The game encourages you to play on active mode (Where time keeps going even when you're selecting spells) if you're an advanced player but navigating the menu is terrible because of 2 things.- The UI is terrible. When you're in battle and you're selecting commands, spells or anything. You gotta be careful you don't 'Kill an enemy' or 'Summon something' or you'll get sent back to the attack command.- Input delay, Selecting spells is a chore. You can't quick select  because you have to go through this 15 FPS half a second input delay nonsense to get to the spell. And when you finally do get it. Be careful someone didn't kill an enemy (see previous point)  or you get to do it all over again.Gameplay wise...- Spells take charging and then do as much damage in the same time than 2 physical attacks would. The game seems to encourage mindless ''standard attack'' command spam.   In the SNES version the backrow in FF4 is terrible right? Everything misses and does so little damage. In this game the backrow mages do about 1/3rd of the front row damage. Consistently as misses are pretty uncommon. There is hardly any point to using spells other than during boss battles or strong random enemies.  (Luckily for the game the first 1/3 is heavily mage-oriented.)- I ended up playing with the highest speed and wait mode. Yet battles still took forever. It seems like everything that happened just happened so much more slower. This combined with the fact that the best way to get through random encounters is spamming the stock attack command made random encounters feel extra tedious.But does it stimulate your senses?- There is little to no animation to getting hit. There's this huge buildup to the sage using the ultimate black magic. So powerful he's expecting it to take his life! Oh man he's about to do it!  And then a handful of boring little lowres fireballs fall down.+ They did well recreating the music without the SNES soundfont.+ The cutscenes are pretty nice. This is coming from someone that really doesn't like voices in places where it does not belong. Which I thought was the case for FF4, but the game has proven me otherwise.+ Seeing the thoughts of the people in your parties when opening menu was the best thing in this entire game.+/- The map system is pretty nice. Exploring is rewarded with usually pretty useful but not game-changing items and leaves you satisfied after exploring.  But completing maps takes exploring, which takes steps, which takes risk of having irrelevant random SLOW encounters."
76561198005254074,Recommended,312750,14425418,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Calandril,"A Flawed Port of a Classic Game.Final Fantasy IV, originally released in the US as Final Fantasy II for the SNES, is a classic game, and my favorite of the series, even to this day. While this version retains the story, characters, and music that helped make it a great game, this is not the best version of the game that has been made.This version is a port of the mobile one, with a few changes to make it better suited for PC play. However, the game still runs at a very low frame rate, and the controls are more suited to a mobile touch screen device than a PC with keyboard or gamepad. Noticable input lag and akward menu controls keep this from being a great game, but if you can get past that, you're left with a good version of a classic, still worth playing today, and still very enjoyable.Recommended to Final Fantasy fans and those who have played the SNES version of the game and would like to revisit it. However, if you have played the mobile or DS versions of the game, you may want to skip this one, as it is essentially the same game."
,Recommended,312750,12137474,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Sambo,"Square's JRPG classic 'Nintendo DS iteration' makes it's debut on Steam!Final Fantasy IV is considered by many the best entry in the series, released on the Super Famicon (Super Nintendo) in 1991 and from gameplay to story it is the pinnacle of the classic JRPG formula.The game has been updated with a re-worked soundtrack, partial voice over and new 3D visuals which was released for the Nintendo DS handheld system back in 2007 in Japan and 2008 worldwide.Final Fantasy is well renowned for it's enthralling story lines and loveable characters, Final Fantasy IV is no exception. The story remains unchanged albeit with some previously missing script worked back in, as well as a few new welcome additions to the gameplay mechanics, this makes it feel fresh to those who have played through the original. An example of a new mechanic is the Augment System, this system allows for certain character-only abilities to be transferred to other characters who did not have them in the original and previous re-releases of Final Fantasy IV.Overall Final Fantasy IV is a masterpiece in it's genre (for me it just falls short of Final Fantasy VI) and well worth the 20+ hours you will more than likely invest into this game. With full HD resolution support and achievements this is most definately the definitive version.If you're a fan of JRPG's or have never played the earlier entries in the Final Fantasy series, now is the time! 10/10"
,Recommended,312750,12168658,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Autumnal Nocturne,"This is the fifth time I've bought this game in my life and I still can't get over how great it is. My one big complaint is how all the maps seem to be zoomed in, so it's easy to get lost, even if you know where to go. I'm also kind of disappointed that this doesn't include The After Years sequel."
,Not Recommended,312750,20689034,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Cammy Koopa,"Good game... terrible port.Square Enix really did not take any time optimizing this game for PC. It's apparent they just wanted another quick cash grab. The UI is awful, along with the 15 fps battles."
,Recommended,312750,34166472,Posted: 11 August,all,Fnord,"Final Fantasy IV on PC is a port of a phone game that in turn is a port of a DS game, which is a remake of an SNES game. Confused yet?Final Fantasy IV is one of those classic, almost genre defining games, that made a big splash when it was first released, and which helped cement the Final Fantasy series position as THE JRPG series in the west (Dragon Warrior/Quest was not as popular over here as Final Fantasy, while both series were huge in Japan). Despite a questionable translation, the game captured the imagination of a lot of people, and remains to this day the favourite for a lot of people.I did not play it on the SNES, and apart from getting to the first real boss on the GBA version, this was my very first experience with it, so there's no nostalgia involved here. From what I've gathered, this is supposedly a slightly harder game than the western SNES release, but I don't know what makes it harder, if they just fixed some exploits, or if we're actually playing a remake of the Japanese SNES version (which was harder than the SNES version).Graphics & SoundYou can tell that this game was made for a system with relatively weak hardware, as the models are blocky, and the textures are low res. Very little seems to have been done to improve the graphics over the DS version. Personally, I prefer the look of the SNES version, even if that game had relatively poor graphics for an SNES game, but that's a matter of taste. Neither version is a graphical powerhouse. At least the enemy design is strong, and despite their low-fi look, most enemies look intimidating and distinct. So while the graphics is technically weak, the art style is good.But where the graphics is nothing to write home about, the sound is pretty good. You've got Nobuo Uematsu's legendary score, and it fits really well with this game. Nothing feels weak or out of place here. The sound effects are also pretty good, and you can often easily tell what's going on by sound alone.Story & SettingYou can tell that this game is old by the way its story is structured, and how its setting seems to be a smattering of different ideas that don't quite come together. Don't get me wrong, I do have a soft spot for these 80's & early 90's type game settings, in fact I find them very charming, and I liked the setting in Final Fantasy IV, but it's not as coherent as you would expect from a more modern game. You've got a mix of sci-fi elements in a classic medievalish setting, and nobody seems to really be bothered by it. And no, not just the typical Final Fantasy steampunk-esque things, like steam powered blimps, but full on killer robots shooting lasers, spaceships and that type of stuff, mixed in with dragons and medieval knights.You're playing as Cecil, a Dark Knight and commander of the airship fleet ""The Red Wings"". You've just returned from a mission that the king sent you out on, where you stole a magical crystal from an innocent group of people, and you're feeling guilty about it. The king then sends you out a mission to deliver an item to a village, but the item turns out to be something that ends up destroying the village, and this is where the story really starts. How could the king, a man you once respected, make you do such a horrible thing? And how come the king is evil, and there's not an evil emperor that wants to do something bad to the good king, like in pretty much every other classic Final Fantasy game?Over the course of the game you get to learn what's really going on, meet a varied cast of characters and kill hundreds of monsters while you're at it. The story is mostly well paced, although it does go off on tangents that feel like they're padding rather than important plot elements. If there's one area where I think the game falters, it's the world building, they really should have spent a bit more time on it, introducing elements of the setting to the player and giving you a more coherent understanding of the world. As it stands we mostly get what's important to the story itself, with relatively little ""fluff"" outside of that. The characters also feel a bit less well developed than those of later Final Fantasy games, with some of the party members being little more than stereotypes. At the time of release, at least for a console RPG, this was still more characterization than most got, but compared to more modern games it falls a bit flat in this regard.GameplayFinal Fantasy IV introduced the ""active time battle"" system to the final fantasy series. Rather than taking turns, like in the games that came before, you've got a bar that fills up, and when it's full, you get to perform an action. Unlike  many other games using a similar system, there's also a windup time for most abilities, which means that casting something like a high level spell might end up nearly twice as long as casting a low level spell, and you can't cancel this windup once initiated. This hurts casters pretty badly towards the late game, as physical fighters end up dealing more damage than them, because they can attack more often. It does make it more of a strategic choice on what ability to use though, something that becomes extra important to consider when it comes to healing and protection spells. Can you afford to wait for a big heal, or will you be better off casting a quick heal? Will you waste a quicker ""phoenix down"" to resurrect your fallen party member, or cast a slower spell, which just costs mp?Most of the game is pretty easy, but it feels like there are some ""grind gates"" along the way, places where enemies deal so much damage that you simply don't have time to respond before they kill your party, so you need to grind a bit to reach a level where you can actually fight the enemy. These grind gates are mostly the regular trash enemies, with bosses being stronger, but also more predictable, so you can get by with more strategy against them. For an example, in the final dungeon there were some enemies I simply could not beat, yet the final boss was a bit of a pushover once I had figured out how it worked, and the same thing was true for many of the other bosses during the second half of the game. If you can survive the first two attacks the boss throws at you, you're good to go, while the more unpredictable regular enemies can be far more challenging/unfair.Closing thoughtsYou can tell that Final Fantasy IV is based on an old game, and without any nostalgic attachment to the original, I don't consider it one of the best Final Fantasy games. But it's not a bad game, just one that's a bit rough around the edges, and a bit underdeveloped in some regards. Fans of JRPGs should check this one out, but those new to the genre, or who only play one once in a blue moon should probably go with Final Fantasy IX, VI, V & VII  first (I've not played any of the PS2 games, so I can't comment on how good they are)."
,Not Recommended,312750,12301485,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Junoh,"Final Fantasy IV is a great game.  Probably one of the best JRPGs ever made.  That's why it pains me to tell people that they shouldn't buy it on Steam.  It could have been a good experience but it's probably the worst port I've ever play.  The game would be fun if it weren't for the extremely low battle frame-rate that's under the flicker-fusion threshold for the human eye.  It would be even better if it didn't have any input lag.Unfortunately it has both the horribly low frame-rate and the input lag so I can not recommend this game.  In fact, I will do the opposite.  Do not buy this game until the problem is patched.  If it never gets patched then do not tell Square-Enix that this is acceptable by buying this game.  15 FPS in battles is just ridiculous on PC."
,Not Recommended,312750,18880016,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ozzie Arcane,"As someone who played the original I absolutely despise this version of the game. The graphics do not look good on a monitor and lack any of the aesthetic charm that the 2D models in the original and PSP versions of the game have.They also made several of the boss fighters ""harder"". And by harder I mean they spam annoying status effects on you. I've seen people say this forces you to use strategy, but having important party members getting disabled doesn't require strategy, it requires you to brute force through the fight as fast as possible to avoid getting screwed over.If you really want to enjoy Final Fantasy IV stick with the original or the PSP release. Honestly the PSP version is what should have been ported to PC, but since that included the After Years they wouldn't have been able to charge us separately for two games."
76561198115108027,Recommended,312750,12156465,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,JadedMystery,This game as it was released in the U.S. in 1991 on SNES (as FF 2 BTW) was truly my favorite game of all time and I've been an avid gamer ever since I could walk. Im now 30 and was so happy to finally see this game released on PC or the big screen if you will because I have truly loved this game since it came out and I've played the psp and ds versions and they are great. This game is basically the ds version on the big screen except the camera is zoomed in so close its really quite ridiculous. If you havent played this game 100+ times through like I have you'll be lost alot of the time and even a guy like me who has played this game since childhood I still get turned around sometimes. I also hate to say but upclose the pixels get pretty ugly on the characters not so much on the face but the bodies are horribly pixalated. I will say however with these horrible faults for any true fan of this game i would still recommend and maybe just maybe they will fix the camera probably not gonna fix the awful textures but I can live with that as this game is a true classic.
,Recommended,312750,34088289,Posted: 7 August,all,Helevorn,"Another review in the ocean..My first FF tattoo was a young Rydia, just like at the SNES times..Final Fantasy IV was and still is one of the best RPGs and one of the best games ever. Better played on the SNES, but this version and the GBA one are still definitely enjoyable.I really don't know what to add, everyone has already said everything about the Final Fantasy series and on this game too.. This game in particular employs a system in which every character has its own history and its own ""class"", and this is something I love even more than the FFV job system or, more generally speaking, the extremely-customizable systems. More to the story, but the gameplay is still great.Take into account that the American SNES version was already easier than the Japanese one, and this one is still easier so it's not an epic grind before the last boss like we were used to..I don't have nothing new to add, it's one of the best games ever, not as great as Final Fantasy VI but we're talking about 9/10 or 9,5/10.Play this now! XD"
,Not Recommended,312750,12205091,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Maya,"I've played many versions of Final Fantasy IV, this by far is the worst. This version of the game is just the Android version being emulated on PC. Due to this you have the same performance as if you were playing this on a phone. The most glaring issue with this is battles. In this version of the game battles are locked to an amazingly high 15 FPS. Another prevalent issue is the clunky mobile UI that was designed around a touchscreen, even if you're playing on a Windows 8 PC with a touchscreen you can't use the interface that way. I personally couldn't get that far into this version of the game. Before seeing any of the other issues just playing the game normally there is the standard story intro told thorugh text in front of Castle Baron I could see the clouds jumping about the screen. If you really want to play FF4 that badly I'd recomend picking up Final Fantasy IV Complete Collection on PSP or PS Vita. There is no way I could recomend for someone to drop $15 on this horrible verison of a beloved classic."
76561198173735626,Recommended,312750,29789285,Posted: 8 February,all,Son Samurai,"I've played almost all the final fantasys (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 12, 13) and FF4 is still one of my favorites. Even though I'veplayed the SNES version enough times, this one provided enough so I didn't feel like I wasted my money.The story might not be anything to write home about now but this was the first Final Fantasy to actually have a pretty deep story ( by 90s standards). It still holds up but a lot of things (ATB, multiple form bosses) have been done way better so it doesn't have the same impact playing it brand new today.This version is pretty much the DS version without Whyt. I never played the DS or PSP version and this one adds alot of stuff compared to the SNES version. The main thing being a lot of the fights have been revamped. You WILL die on alot of the boss fights if you play them the same way as the SNES or GBA version.I say get it if you haven't played the DS version. Otherwise, the only thing that might make you want to play is the achievements."
,Recommended,312750,13682235,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DaringVulpix™,"Make no mistake - this is a port of the Android version of Final Fantasy IV, which in turn is a port of the Nintendo DS version of Final Fantasy IV, which in turn is a remake of the 1991 SNES original. As such, it still has a lot of touch-friendly UI elements, and much of its design feels more suited for a 5"" phone screen than my 21.5"" desktop monitor. Battles are also locked at 15FPS for some reason. That being said, this is still a pretty good game, with solid battle mechanics, a well-written story (complete with cutscenes featuring questionable voice acting here and there), a damn memorable soundtrack and cast of characters and overall, it's completely worth the purchase, but I'd wait until a sale - I wouldn't pay $16 for a 23-year-old game, even if it's an enhanced remake. Just seems a bit much.(Why am I reviewing this game with so little time logged? Because I already nearly beat it on the DS, but my party was very ill-equipped for the final dungeon and I didn't feel like starting over until now.)"
,Not Recommended,312750,29133268,Posted: 8 January,all,jsabsd,"This port is actually quite lazy. It appears to be a straight up port from a PSP. The art isn't bad, but textures are insanely low resolution. The screen doesn't fit in 16:9, so they cropped the top of the screenANDadded black bars left and right for the worst of both. The default controls make no sense on a keyboard (but a controller is quite natural). Overland travel is a mess because the cropping lets you see little of the world around you.Final Fantasy IV is a great game. I think it's the best story in the series. But this is not the treatement it deserves. For this reason, I cannot recommend it. It needs a new PC port, not a port of a 10 year old remake from a handheld."
,Recommended,312750,12887741,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DeadCrescendo,"Before you check. No I haven't beaten the PC version. But I have beaten the DS version which is what this is.First off, my bias - Final Fantasy IV has, is, and always will be my all time favorite of the series. The characters are great and develop well over the course of the game - the intrigue feels ""Real"" and not ""Forced"" like in other later games in the series (I'm looking at you. VII.) The music is well done and honestly I recognize a lot of the remixes from the ""Celtic Moon"" album I bought WAAAAAY back in the day. Very cool. There's extra content in this version of the game that certainly makes it worth another playthrough - the graphics are slightly dated looking but if that's your primary complaint I feel like you're barking up the wrong tree - great graphics do not a great game make.The game runs flawlessly on my PC, and my gamepad works fine with it. The achievements are fun to see pop up as I never thought in a million years I'd have achievements in my FFIV. I know it's superficial and pointless? But it's pretty fun regardless.The translation is great. Miles ahead of the flimsy Ted Woolsey translation of the early 90's. Focusing on more of that ""Proper Fantasy English"" we've come to love in recent years (Remember the Final Fantasy Tactics remake on PSP, or even XII's stock translation?♥♥♥♥♥♥made it much more epic.) And of course they keep a bit of fanservice in there for the old fans. (You spoony bard!)For me, this release is extra special. As I had to give up my DS and couldn't even play the mobile version due to my eyes worsening and being unable to focus on tiny screens. So if anything, I thank Square-Enix for bringing these updated classics to the big screen so I can finally enjoy them again without causing myself pain.I recommend this for any fan of retro gaming, Japanese RPGs, Final Fantasy, and just plain great storytelling.9/10 (I gotta knock off 1 point because I hate Square's always online thing they've been pulling)"
,Not Recommended,312750,22908207,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hitzugy.J.Pax,"Im a great Fan of FF saga, but im so sad and disappointed with this version:Glosary: Best Weapon (Bw)1. The developers not include the ""Cave of trials"" so all of you will miss this weapons:a. Triton's Dagger (Palom)b. Apollo's Harp (Edward)c. Seraphim's Mace (Porom)d. GodHand (Yang's Bw)e. Thor's Hammer (Cid's second Bw)2. SPOILER, at""Lunar Ruins""you will not find or buy (i will mention the most important):a. Abel's Lance (Kain's Bw)b. Gigant Axe (the best Axe)c. Perseus Bow and Arrow (Best weapons for Rosa)d. Mystic Whip (Rydia's Bw)e. Sasuke's Katana & Mutsunokami (Edge's Bw)f.  Flare Sledgehammer (Cid's Bw)g. Asura's Rod (Palom's Bw)h. Nirvana (Porom's Bw)i. Loki's Lute (Edward's Bw)j. Lightbringer (Cecil's Bw)k. NO characters Trial3. SPOILER:You only can play with Cecil, Rosa, Rydia and Edge near or at the end.4. If you played the DS version before and enjoyed the ""Whyt"" minigames,this version not includes it, same for Whyt.5. Easy diffculty even if you try Hard from the start.6. IMHO , if you are nostalgic , do not buy , you will be disappointedI know it's a bad taste review, but to be a remake of FF IV things have to increase , not remove them.And seriously if you love FF saga stop being a fanboy and open your eyes, this game is good, but you are paying a high price for a game which it is not half as good as the original."
,Recommended,312750,12665275,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Frost,"Final Fantasy IV is one of my favorite video games of all time, and easily in the top 3 of favorite Final Fantasy games.I came into this port after having completed (and enjoyed) repeated playthroughs of both the SNES incarnation (FF II) and the GBA port.First Impression:I'll be honest, the first impression was quite bad.The art style can not be objectively judged, but the texture and model quality certainly can. It looks, purely from a technological point of view, inferior to even PSX titles (specifically FF7) and the camera during the travel segments is zoomed in so far, moving by minimap is basically essential.Dramatic frame drops during combat certainly did not help matters, resulting in the sluggish interface handling I've come to know with the GBA port. Not a killer, but I certainly would have appreciated a little more finesse.In terms of audio, the game sounds convincingly like FF4. Nobuo Uematsu's masterful soundtrack has been slightly upgraded, but not completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized (as has sadly been the case with FF8, another favorite of mine).Once again however, technologically, there is a bit of a letdown to be found.Rather than presenting us with proper volume adjustment, FF4 seems to think 4 levels of audio, for Music, SFX and Voices respectively, are plenty.This becomes especially grating when one considers that older FF titles implemented a substantial amount of grinding.The gameplay itself is a slightly overhauled FF4 incarnation, with a lot of fresh air and solid functionality added to classic and beloved abilities.More than anything, the updates this version has made to Edward have elevated him from a distracting nuisance, to a legitimate party member, even if he is never along for extended periods of time.The maps have been revised to accomodate the minimap exploration and are thus much smaller, something I actually hate a lot less than I thought I would.At last, the bosses have all learned new tricks and it is now possible to fail them. Initially a good thing, this unfortunately introduces the Shin Megami Tensei issue of having to play the bosses way far too often.The very first elemental fiend for example, is a serious problem when tackled conventionally, but an absolute pushover if spammed with healing magic. Clumsy.This sort of thing continues throughout larger parts of the game, but it never becomes offensive - it merely works its way up to annoying.As far as the voice acting is concerned, I can once again not speak objectively on the choice of actors.In my head, over 20-ish years, the characters sounded quite differently. This is not a problem the game can be expected to tackle or even regard, so it would be unfair to fault it for not doing so.Technically, as in whether the actors were good or bad actors, I can not find much fault in FF4. Some lines sound a bit awkward, but it remains within the borders of realism. Some of us simply sound weird, after we've had a cry.As a final point, people praise this port for having an increased difficulty.Speaking as someone who could not possibly care less for ""Hard Mode"" bragging rights, I have played it on normal and it is indeed tricky at times.Like most poor quality difficulty mods for games however, the difficulty starts off rock hard and rapidly declines, as the characters build a cushion of Abilities to use in battle.If you are planning to buy this for the increased difficulty, you are essentially buying it for the first two hours plus the occassional ""Alright, what do you want me to do?"" boss fight.Final Fantasy IV (PC) is a solid game, all things considered. It is far from perfect.I sincerely recommend looking it up on YouTube before buying it, if you love the classic incarnations. Depending on your individual taste, the new features might make or break it for you."
76561198032572800,Not Recommended,312750,13755589,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Claith Seebach,"It is hard to play this game, as the original is one of the most important games to me in my life. There are a few good things, so might as well start with them.Pro: The music is just as great as ever, and transition work from the 2d originals to the 3d environments seems to be pretty decently done. Inclusion of a Hard Mode is quite nice.Con: Almost everything about the presentation. I don't think that more than a few that worked on this version cared about the original. What it really comes down to is the change of presentation. They removed important scenes and added new ones that don't matter. For example, at the start of the game, Cecil invades Mysidia. In the original, there is dialog with your character being begged to not take the crystal and there is hitting of old men and wizards. This version has a few quickly shown sepia-toned still images of what should have been that scene and then they tried to fix the impressions of what happened with dialog. Aside from things like that, they seem to want to have the dialog be an inpersonation of olde english in a soap opera form. They go out of their way to tell you what the characters are thinking and the cutscenes are really ham-fisted.I am honestly happy there isn't a FF6 version made like this. I might have to find something to burn if they did the Opera scene. There isn't, is there? I don't want to look.Overall: If you want to enjoy this game correctly, get the original through some other means. I want to enjoy this game, but even from the perspective of some one that hasn't played the original, aside from a few areas, there isn't nearly as much charm or quality."
,Recommended,312750,33144342,Posted: 2 July,all,Tiramisu,"This game is beautifully written and I enjoy the classes. Nervous and uninformed, I did not know which game of Final Fantasy to buy on Steam. I had not played an older one, was disapointed by 13, and had only otherwise played 15. I read the reviews and this one seemed most promising.I am so relieved I chose this one. You cannot change classes, and the otherwise bit of boring grinding I did, it was outweighed by the sheer amazing story telling. The music is okay, in some scenes it is better than others, and you will get annoyed by the music that you will hear constantly in battle. But this was a great game and I reccomend it to any person who has played other RPGs and enjoyed them."
,Recommended,312750,25074085,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Josh,"10/10Would call a bard ""spoony"" again."
76561198055693421,Recommended,312750,32279132,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"I don't generally like revamps of FF games but this one is great so far!  Locked at 30fps, not many glitches considering this is an android port and I love the voice-overs.  HIGHLY recommended."
76561198040304061,Recommended,312750,27027961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swoley Paladin,"25 years later and this is still one of my favorite games of all time.  This was the first game I played on the SNES.  The story is a classic with the main protagonist Cecil traveling a path of redemption to atone for his previous transgressions.  Along this path he is forced to choose between those he cares most for and saving the world.  If you have never played Final Fantasy IV I highly recommend it!One to be bornFrom a dragonHoisting the lightAnd the darkArises high upIn the sky toThe still land.Veiling the moon withThe Light of Eternity,It bringsAnother promiseTo Mother Earth withA bounty and mercy."
,Recommended,312750,12146243,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Theje,"This is essentially a direct port of the mobile version. Not that it's a bad thing, but the textures haven't been improved since the original 3D remake for the DS. All of the beloved (or loathed) framerate caps are also present and accounted for, no matter how much horsepower you have in your graphics arsenal. If you've never experienced the 3D remake, then this will be a fine first taste, and may even be worth it if the last time you played was on the 3DS. But if you have a modern smartphone, the mobile version gives you the same experience, plus it's, well... mobile! Check out my full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCTUYJ5QZWg&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,312750,16406008,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Yu Narukami,What a great game that Final Fantasy 4 remake was ported to steam. The Story was about a Dark Knight Name Cecil that he was under the order of a corrupted king which Cecil has the will to become a paliadin to forget the bloodstain past and the sins that he done while being the dark knight.Pros:Great StoryTime battle systemRemake from originalCons:Controlsbetter off when it gets cheaper10/10 i dont have any problems with Frame Rate issue when in battle
,Recommended,312750,28967052,Posted: 2 January,all,bahamut_king_of_the_dragons,"I remember this game when I was in grade school as Final Fantasy 2 on the SNES system. This was the game that got me interested in RPG video games. I pick this up every now and again. This, FF 7 and FF: Tactics are my current favorite FF games."
,Recommended,312750,14370526,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PageofVoid (TZ),"Note: I know my playtime is low but I can confidently review this game as I have completed the DS version twiceOk let's just get this is out of the way: Final Fantasy IV (a.k.a Final Fantasy 2) is one of the most celebrated games in the franchise and there is no doubt that any Final Fantasy or any JRPG fan should get this game. The following ""review"" are just my thoughts and observations.Firstly this isn't a new edition of the game exclusive to steam. This is a port of the Smart Device version of the game which itself is a port of the Nintendo DS remake. There are differences between  this versionl the Original SNES and the GBA remakes. One notable difference is the Augment system.  The way this system works is to ""Augment"" the party characters with abilities that can be used activley (i.e. Darkness) or as a passive effect (i.e. Auto-Potion). The way you obtain ""most"" augments is through party members, should a part memeber have had an augment used on them and leave the party permantley they will give up to three augments based on their abilities depending on how many they recieved.Secondly I have to point out the graphics. The graphics are by no means bad but it is apparent that it was designed for devices with low graphical and processing power. The Textures on the character models all appear pixely on 1080P resolution. On lower resolutions this may not be as much of an issue but it should be noted none the lessI have nothing else that I can comment on. There is not much i can fault FFIV on and I hope that my review has helped"
,Recommended,312750,20710828,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Brojasu,"Final Fantasy IV is itself a classic of the genre, however this port leaves some to be desired.The magic system has been improved, and the cinematography is a pleasure to behold; the soundtrack is just as strong as ever. However, as with what seems like all of the Steam FF games, the SE menus are annoying and the port is quite lazy.Battles are frame rate capped to 15 fps and normal gameplay to 30 fps. The game also has some features of past games missing.Overall the 3D models and cinematography are a great fresh coat of paint for this classic installment, but there are much better versions of FFIV out there (most notably the superb PSP version).  The steam port of FFIV is a satisfactory version of a game that all JRPG fans should enjoy at some point. However, there are better versions available  that can be recommended over this one to those who have the options available."
,Recommended,312750,12562559,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,INTERDIMENSIONAL PSYCHIC VAMPIRE,"A good remake of a classic JRPG.  I really enjoyed the new translation, as it gave much more depth to the story.  The voice acting in the cut scenes could have been better, but it wasn't too painful to listen to.  The hard difficulty setting can have some pretty unfair fights, which leads to a lot of grinding.  Overall, I was very happy that I played through this updated version of the game.  I would say that if you're a fan of the SNES era of JRPGs, this game is well worth the 15 dollars I paid for it."
76561198137147311,Recommended,312750,16938490,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Rawb,"I have never had the pleasure of playing earlier final fantasy titles since they were made before I was born but I am really glad they were adapted for steam. FF4 feels like a classic to me, the overarching storyline is simple but gains more depth as the game progresses, the characters are balanced and the gameplay is satisfying.Firstly, this is a game with a heart. Each character has their own development related to the overall plot and you really get to know everyone's story. Cecil is great as the protagonist, his calm and yet conflicted character is a rock for the cast, balancing out more fiery characters such as Cid and Edge. The bubbly Rydia, motherly Rosa, romantic Edward and strong willed Yang round up a solid group to follow.The gameplay is old school RPG style active time based battle, encounters are dictated randomly on the world maps and each character has their own wait bar before performing an action. There are also plenty of weapons, armour and items to collect throughout the game and I ended up using a walkthrough to find all the best ones since they can be difficult to obtain alone (mainly because many required long unrelated side quests).The music is always appopriate and some of the themes such as the Lunar Whale's has a very epic feel to it. Also the opening cutscene is beautiful despite the boxy graphics you experince in game (this is meant to be a remake but I got used to the graphics in the end. It looks so awkward when they zoom in on someone's pixelated face though).Overall, I enjoyed FF4 a lot and would recommend to anyone looking for a solid RPG to immerse themselves in."
,Recommended,312750,27355052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zanth,"This is my favorite game ever. Sadly, it is not the best version of the game. Get the PSP version, amazing.The pros of this version are some cool new gameplay options and battle mechanics, as well as an extended story.Great music, amazing characters, good story. Well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,312750,14845600,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Light & Zoey,This has always been a favorite of mine since playing it on the DS in a little on the Virtual Console but it was the DS version I beat and I really enjoy that the Steam version is that of the DS version so I can easily recall...most of the stuff and I'm really glad you can see secret switches easier.
76561197995208686,Recommended,312750,28025304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sigfried Mishima,I enjoy this version of the game for many reasons.  There is enhanced content and the challenge is increased.  The only issue I have is the slowdown that comes with the port of the DS version.
76561198078887625,Recommended,312750,20272166,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nullicle,"I have been a Final Fantasy fan for years, mainly starting from Final Fantasy VII on PS1 up to the new PS3 releases. I was happy to notice that some of the earlier ones were available on steam, so immediately bought III and IV and IV - The After Years.This turned out to be one of my favourite FF games, mainly due to the story. The gameplay of course is fun but the story is what makes this an excellent RPG and goes on my all time favourites list.If you are wanting a very good story, turn-based RPG and remade graphics, this is a must play game."
,Recommended,312750,27966650,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Trizzy,One of the better remakes of a classic. Great story and characters. Definitely worth checking out if you're trying to get into the Final Fantasy series.
,Recommended,312750,33688452,Posted: 20 July,all,TOP KEfKa,"Final Fantasy IV, how do I even begin to explain how amazing this game is.Final Fantasy IV was the game that introduced me to the Final Fantasy series. It's truly an excellent game and definitely worth playing. I love the game so much I actually went ahead and got all the achievements in the game. But that's not at all convincing, so I'll go into more detail as to what makes this game truly spectacular.Story: The story is incredible for a game made originally on the SNES. The story's main protagonist is Cecil, a dark knight, who is leader of the Red Wings of Baron. The main goal of this game is to hunt down Golbez, who is planning to seize the world's crystals and use their power to destroy the world. During your quest, your party will frequently be changing, meaning your battle strategies will have to change, but I don't want to go too in depth about that to avoid spoilers.Gameplay: This is where the game gets very interesting. In this version of the game, there are things called augments, where if you use them on a character, they can be taught abilities, such as Dualcast for double spell casting, or Omnicast for casting any magic on all allies or all enemies. This makes for some really interesting and customizable gameplay that you won't find in any other version of this game.Music: This is in the top 3 soundtracks in final fantasy in my opinion, can't say it's the best because it does get repetitive, especially if you grind for many hours straight as I did.*Fun Fact* This Final Fantasy was the first to introduce the ATB (Active Time Battle) system in its SNES version which was a staple in many of the subsequent Final Fantasy games we know and love.Do I recommend this game to people who have never played Final Fantasy before? ABSOLUTELY! It's a great way to introduce the core mechanics of Final Fantasy games to someone who's never experienced them before. Ever since I first played FF4 I haven't had enough of the Final Fantasy series.One final note: If you decide to do tail farming for achievement purposes like me, expect to be at each tail for many hours. 0.4% drop rate!"
,Recommended,312750,12736947,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nomad,"Oh my goodness, this game is amazing, I wanted it the moment I saw it on Steam. It is exactly like it is on the original version on the SNES except graphics are a bit updated and look nicer though not meant to be top notch. The story is amazing, I love it, I'm having fun with it so much right now and this was my absolute favorite from childhood.It's totally worth the money to buy this game as it is amazing to play and a really great story with some voice acting in certain parts othe game and in my opinion even the voice acting is good and you really do get used to how the characters look in this game and comparing to what the game used to like this is a major improvement.I'd give it 10/10 and I love it, I would recommend some grinding as with any Final Fantasy game to be slightly ahead of your foes and is great to have this classic back, I really wish they would do more of the Final Fantasy series and even recreate the Star Ocean games to work for PC as well, The Second Story was my absolute favorite and I haven't been able to find or play the first one."
76561198027193725,Recommended,312750,27871342,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grakos,"Still one of my favorite games. Just wish there was a way to use 2d sprites, not a big fan of the 3d."
,Not Recommended,312750,35320079,Posted: 29 September,all,Necroshine,"One of my favorite RPGs of all time..... well, the SNES version is anyways. This is a terrible slapped together remake of that legendary game. I can forgive the sub-par, late 90s 3d models that got no upgrade for PC. I can forgive the semi-locked, terrible frame rate that dips to 15fps in some battles and maxes at 25-30ish in others. I can forgive the fact that hardly anything was improved or optimized for PC over the 3ds handheld version (I can barely forgive that... mind you).What I absolutely cannot forgive? That the devs were SO incredibly lazy that they left the original viewing distance of the overworld and dungeon maps zoomed in as they had to be on a hand held system. Seriously. Look at some pics of the screenshots of characters walking around. There is NO zoom feature. You literally have to check the map every 3 seconds because you can't see the landscape around you.This is one of the laziest ports I have ever played. I wish I could get my money back for it. Good job, Square! Not that it surprises me. You used to be the kings of the RPG world and are now barely a shell of your former company. Please. Do NOT buy this horrible port. Get an emulator and SNES version of FF2 or any way you can play that version. This PC version is absolutely horrid and should be deleted from Steam.1.5/10 (the 1.5 is simply for the nostalgia provided by the music in the game, the actual game gets a 0)"
,Recommended,312750,12141444,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,interesting Output,"Let's cut the crap shall we? Before you moan and groan about how this is another ""ported from mobile"" edition, there's a few glaring differences esp. when controls are involved. The cutscenes are automated where there's no ""press for next dialog"", and if you are uninterested, you can SKIP THEM. Also, the cutscenes are voiced, which is a surprise to me, being a player of the original SNES edition (FF2US). If you are getting plastered by hardtype editions, Easytype makes a small comeback -- choose Normal as your difficulty.Everything is rendered as 3D as most can be, but it is still a decidedly 2D enviroment, excluding some buildings. And odd class-specific abilities (like Edward's Healing) are introduced to you as Augments, where you can use the specific Healing ability to dish potions to the whole group. But there's more Augments to be found.And finally, you can automate the battle. For small skirmishes, you can set commands for your party members that they will use automatically, and then just throw battles on autopilot with the press of a button. However, should your battle become dire, it is easily turned off with the same button, allowing you to regain control of your party members.I was going to initially say ""Oh, a boring phone port"", but there's something about FF4's 3D transition and portability that has been done right. You can get party member's thoughts on their current plotline position by opening the menu as that character. What Cecil would think in one spot, would be a different thought to, say, Rosa.And if you've never played the SNES, GBA or PS1 versions before, now would be a great time to find out what makes FF4 so fantastic.Ratings are from 1-10:Story: 9. There's no notable flaws that keep you from enjoying the plotline. The voiceovers will throw you off a bit, but still true to the plot, and they only happen during automated cutscenes.Gameplay: 9. A redeveloped controller system for what would be a mobile port makes command accessability somewhat easy.Sound: 8. A little grainy with the SFX, but the music more than makes up for it. Fantastic.Graphics: 7. Mind you, the textures are again from the mobile port, but that's nothing bad considering the details. It looks great.Score: 8/10Definitely worth the money? Yes."
,Recommended,312750,12137592,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Abysmal Helix,"They basically took final fantasy 4 (FF2 in America for SNES) and remade it into a nintendo 64/PS1 style 3-D game. The graphics quality reminds me of Legend of Legaia for PS1. This is a very good remake, and an ABSOLUTE MUST for people who loved FF2/4. My favorite part of this is that they added a hard mode for people like me who want to trudge through a game that is much harder than our beloved and nostalgic FF IV."
76561197986760552,Not Recommended,312750,22472295,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shockwave,"I cannot recommend this game over the original. FF4 is one of my all-time favorite games and it’s really rather sad how badly it’s been butchered in this remake.The game has been remade 3D. Not good 3D mind you but rather with terrible, ultra low polygon models using ultra low resolution, pixelated textures. The clean 2D pixel art of the original quite frankly was a whole lot better.While I could get over the 3D by itself, what makes it extra terrible in this game is the camera. While they have nearly exactly recreated all of the maps tile by tile and even added a map system, the camera is zoomed in so far you basically have to have the map up the entire time to see where the hell you’re going at any given time, even in town. The original let you see 6 tiles in front of you and 7 tiles in the other directions. In this one you can see only 2 tiles in front of you and 3 in other directions, leaving so little viewable area you really can never see enough to tell where to go without the map.Finally there’s the UI. They basically just took the mobile remake’s touch UI and did absolutely no work what so ever to rework it for PC where the vast majority of people are going to be using a gamepad (like they would be using with the original). The original combat command list held up to 5 commands with the Defend and Row commands available by pressing left or right. Here they just left the touch UI, which only holds 3 commands, and the Defend and Row commands have just been added to the bottom, forcing you to constantly scroll through a list that should be able to be seen on the screen all at once. Even the main field menu has to be scrolled to see all of its items as the UI hasn’t been sized down at all from its mobile version.Just unforgivable, especially from a company such as Square Enix that has the resources to devote to making it right. This game is a total cash grab with no regard to their fan base.-Playtime-About like the original, expect a good 25-35 hours on the first play through with completing all optional content.-Achievements-Utterly terrible. While there are achievements for completing the game on Hard Mode (which I didn’t really find to be all that much different than normal) and the two optional super bosses that weren’t in the original game, getting 100% is a total grind. To start you have complete the entire game again in the New Game+ which doesn’t offer anything new. Then comes the utterly terrible part, there are 11 different items that have to be farmed that have an abysmal 1/256 drop rate. I ended up setting up a macro and leaving the game overnight, on multiple nights, to farm most these. These achievements are a completely artificial way of bloating the games already very long playtime. They weren’t fun, they weren’t challenging, they were just irritating.Not recommend."
,Recommended,312750,13989866,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,NCR SC Hubley,"This game is amazing!!! Loving every second, very, very happy they are starting to remake the older ones with updated visuals. They also added many new things that i will let you discover for yourself. Well worth the $18."
76561198103341551,Recommended,312750,25294755,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Light Shift,"What a fantastic game!Last time I played this I was but a wee child, so I was initially hesitant about the move to 3D graphics, revamped score, and tweaks to the story....could I have been more wrong?This is one of the best Final Fantasy games out there (next to VI and IX), and beleive it or not, found this version to be a funner experience than SNES or GBA. Aside from the story being completely in tact, characters how I remember them, places generally looking the same and the overall atmosphere being consistant with the original, not much has changed, save for difficulty.Now, when I say difficulty, I don't mean this game is out-right hard, or at least harder than the original. I mean that this game makes you use tactics instead of my tried and true method of overpowering my characters and throwing as much physical damage as I can at the bosses. That used to work before, but now they made a lot of the boss battles so that you have to use skills and certain magic in order to proceed, some of which will become impossible death matches if you don't use things like slow, haste, shell, protect, or reflect. This challenge increase really made the game a great deal funner than the original.If you've played the SNES or GBA versions, but your hesitation aside and pick this one up. If you're new to IV, you couldn't have picked a better version to play.10/10 - I wish the future FF games had a bearded and manly Cid like this one! VII's Cid has nothing on this guy!"
76561197999434939,Recommended,312750,26052924,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Warwolf,"When I was a kid I had this game on my SNES, which was of course then called Final Fantasy II here in North America. I had loved the game at the time and even though I had only one complete playthrough that I recall (I grinded my characters to lvl 99 on my main save), many of the characters had always stuck with me.The Steam version is the first remake I have played of this game from my childhood, so atleast for myself there were many updates or enhancements to the original game that I had not experienced via FF IV's other iterations. Keep in mind that this version is based on a 3D Nintendo DS remake, which was then ported to mobile devices. Unfortunately the changes to make the game mobile friendly are still present in this version which doesn't appear to have had its controls and UI adjusted for a PC player.There are two difficulties to choose from Normal and Hard and even a type of NG+, which atleast 2 playthroughs will be necessary to complete all of the games achievements. Additional dialogue, cutscenes with voice acting, and character thought bubbles while accessing the games menus all serve to improve upon the games narrative.An addition to the original game in its character customization comes in the form of Augments. Basically through a small side quest, finding in the game world, or progressing the story, can lead to an augment; a key item in the form of an ability that can be given to a character to learn. While this was an interesting and helpful addition to have, I found it very frustrating to understand if relying only on in game information. There is little time spent in the game explaining how to get augments and once obtained, the item screen does not give any information as to what the skill actually does. A skill like ""Kick"" is easily understood as the party member Yang comes with it. But any ability that a prior party member has not had is not explained until you have already used the ability, a permanent choice. You will have to rely upon online sources to fully understand how to get the various augments as well as understanding what they all do.While the overall graphics are still blocky and appear blurred at times, the 3D updated graphics still manage to look good and I didn't find as a detraction. My biggest complaints on this version, would be the menus and the framerate. The menus for non battle segments are not as bad besides the incredible annoyance of sorting your magic spells, as the screen fights against you at every step. The main issue is in the battle screens. When opening the item list or scrolling through your magic spells, the menu covers almost the entire screen. It is partially transparent, but it is quite annoying to be scrolling through your spell list as it covers the majority of the screen and your characters are taking damage or acting out their previously given commands.The second main issue I felt was that of the locked framerate. Out of battle is locked at 30 FPS, while in battle is a sluggish 15 FPS. The battle FPS was the real issue I found as it didn't feel smooth, made battles feel slow and tedious, and really made the game feel too outdated IMO. However, there is a guide here on Steam from user Greger, that through a HEX editor allows the battle FPS to be changed. This was my first experience using a HEX editor and I was able to follow the guide and fix the FPS. The guide says to change the FPS to 25 but in my playthrough I felt that 20 FPS was the best overall as it seemed just perfect to me.Overall while there are some annoying elements to the design of the game, the vast majority of the updates compared to the original are welcome, with a focus being on the story and dialogue. This was the first real turning point in the Final Fantasy series and while it doesn't meet the level of greatness it's later iterations would, Final Fantasy IV was the clear highlight of the first 4 games. It was a joy to play through this game again and if you were ever a fan of the original game for the SNES, you should enjoy this as well. However, if you have played the various remade versions throughout the years, there may not be anything in this Steam version that is new for you. Either way though, it is definately a game that should be in your gaming collection and a must play for fans of the Final Fantasy series."
,Recommended,312750,24789064,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,KingSpirit,"Honestly, I didn't know what to expect when I first bought this game. Considering this was the first Final Fantasy game I'd ever played back when I was a kid, I was stoked to replay it, but had heard about Square Enix porting the DS version to Steam and how it was extremely difficult. Being a fan of JPRG's in general, I loved this game and am happy to have 100% of the achievements which are possible. The story and setting was excellent. The characters were well fleshed out and had significant character building throughout the game. The combat system was again very much like what you'd expect from a typical Final Fantasy game (other than auto-attacking being OP in most cases). The music by Nobou Uematsu was breathtaking and flawless (Theme of Love makes the top 3 compositions in a FF game for me along with Blinded by Light from XIII and To Zanarkand from X).The difficulty curve in this game was actually quite bad. The game started off with some really easy mobs with a decent drop-off mid game. The late- to end-game mobs were actually quite challenging and required some setup to take down (Behemoths, Armored Constructs, Dragons and so on). The bosses were mostly quite easy to fight against once you found out their pattern (the end game boss was challenging in NG and was a push over in NG+). Coming to the superbosses (who you can only fight in NG+), Geryon was pretty easy to kill. The other superboss (Proto-Babil), on the other hand, felt like something straight out of the Dark Souls universe with his unfair moveset and high HP. Grinding for the trophies which required you to get all the hidden summons and the onion set was a real pain with how bad the hidden summons were and the insanely terrible drop rate of 0.8%. It took around 10-15 hours just to grind out the items required for acquiring those achievements.All-in-all, I'd say I got my money's worth with this game and would recommend it as a excellent entry to the Final Fantasy universe for a newcomer."
76561198133983165,Recommended,312750,34184518,Posted: 11 August,all,williamson462,"I just finished this game for the first time and I most say I really love it.  It is my first Final Fantasy (first JRPG too for that matter) and it has made me extact to play the rest of the franchise.  The normal mode really did help ease into to the combat system and I highly recommend it as a first JRPG.  While the plot and characters could be considered simplistic by modern standards, both aspects have been oddly endearing to me.  I also am really look forward to playing it again and fighting all the secret bosses I couldn't the first time.  In summary this is not only a great introduction in the Final Fantasy series for those outside the fandom but also is a great introduction to JRPGs as a whole."
,Recommended,312750,12436503,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Pwnznewbz,"I wanted to finish the game before finally submitting my review.  I completed on hard mode last night.  Without getting into where this ranks in the FF series (near the top!) - I originally played on the SNES, so this version was very different than the SNES version.1) Story - Character driven story.  It was nice to see proper translations, which actually made the story stronger than I remember.  But, the 3d animations take away from those 2d sprite emotes that I grew up loving.2) Battle - Fighting is a key component of jrpgs and the leveling grind was excessive at a few points.  I don't recall this on the SNES version, but this version seems to have a few boss battles where you literally get 1 shot if you haven't reached a certain level threshold.  This is bad design.  I got stuck on the CPU battle in the Giant of Babil due to the 1 shot laser barrage mechanic, where I had to spend a few hours grinding up my levels by the save point/moogle sales npc.3) Abilities - The SNES version did not have certain abilities, such as Rosa's Pray.  This is a great addition!  It adds some class distinction and play options that can be fun and awesome!4) Augments - Another addition that I knew nothing about.  After reading the forums and figuring out some augment combos, the hard mode of this game became instantly easy.  Learn about augments prior to starting the game!Overall - 9/10.  I want to give this a perfect score because of nostalgia and great story/fun gameplay, but the truth is that the ds/phone version of this game are not vast improvements over the 2d version.  The game itself is amazing, but there was no reason to release the 3d animations over the original 2d.Regardless, this game is worth buying and playing.  Even if you wait for a sale, take the time to play through one of the best jrpgs ever made."
,Recommended,312750,12579253,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,mdhyena,"Good, but no so old remake of the classic Final Fantasy IV, first time on the PC, straight from the NDS (or Android, or iOS; who was the first: an egg, or a chicken?).Well, technically it's a one-to-one cross-platform port, with no differences I've found so far. Even the graphic remained the same: low-poly models, small-res pixelated textures with no filtering (on the last point: why, Square Enix? Why You didn't added at least a bilinear filtering?). So, don't expect an HD-remake, with tessellated models, tons of normal/parallax mapping and HDR.The story remained the same, plus or minus. By the modern opinion it's quite silly sometimes, but hey, I, personally, love this kind of naive plot. It's like a time machine to a bright past, when I was 10-16, and my life, as well as the games and game plots were simpler.About the sound: good voice acting in the cutscenes and, imho, not a best choice of an instruments bank for a music.For the bad thing: in-battle FPS is quite low, resulting in twitching animation and delay in the input. But I got used to it quite fast, so not a problem for me.So, summarizing I've wrote so far. Yes, it has some flaws, but if You love the classic, SNES-era Final Fantasy titles and don't have NDS or iOS/Android based devices, or just want it for a collection - it worth it's money.P.S.: hey, Square Enix, time to renew the Chrono series."
76561198027983219,Recommended,312750,27516944,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,poobah_kryos,My favorite game of all time. I have played all versions of this game and love them all.
,Recommended,312750,34708999,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr_Hugo,"Final Fantasy IV!Is it worth playing?So I am an old school gamer when it comes down to it, love playing some older NES and SNES games because they were from a time where things were simpler including me. However one game series I couldn't properly get into was Final Fantasy, no matter how much I tried.However in saying that I picked up Final Fantasy IV on steam a while back now, played it a few times and I can say it looks amazing, it's technically a remastered version as Final Fantasy IV was sprite based not 3D models. The game runs really well and has a story that is worth playing for. I will say that it ignited the flame inside me for an RPG, to the point of going out and getting Final Fantasy XV.But bringing everything back to Final Fantasy IV. I will say yes this game is worth buying if you want to play a game where you will not beat it in one sitting, you will be left wanting more and more the more you play.Final Fantasy IV gets a 7/10 from me because it has aged so well for a game I am playing in 2017 and it's still really fun to play."
,Not Recommended,312750,25421779,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sakif X9,Hard to enjoy. Crashes a lot of times during battle. Play the original or DS version of the game.
76561198012906125,Recommended,312750,30549593,Posted: 16 March,all,NoMoneyDown,"Final Fantasy IV is the perfect evolution of Final Fantasy with its revolving door of strong characters, unforgettable music, and bosses you can't necessarily tackle the same way, even if you're familiar with the SNES classic. If you're new to Final Fantasy, this is the best game to start with. Dive right in, and get ready to have your turn-based tactics put to the test."
76561198048879263,Recommended,312750,32880118,Posted: 27 June,all,SarcasticPersona,"Easily one of the best Final Fantasies in the series. A classic tale of redemption and romance. The 3D character models are a bit weird, but the voice acting is a welcome addition. Gameplay is the same ATB turn based affair in the usual Final Fantasy. If you want to play FF4 I'd say play either this version or the PSP version."
,Recommended,312750,14481104,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Castor_E,"Like a fine wine, Final Fantasy IV is a game that has aged remarkably well over the years. I can't ask for a more stunningly gorgeous reimagining of this landmark game. Perfect example on how to remake a great game up to modern standards. Definitely a must buy."
76561197965813702,Recommended,312750,31837000,Posted: 19 May,all,Drexel,"Mechanically a very standard, but very solid Final Fantasy game.  The drive to keep playing comes from the characters.  The protagonist Cecil and his supporting characters are well established, with refreshingly relevant reasons for being in the plot.The story isn't afraid to get dark either, as the Hero begins obstensibly as a hired thug that invades weaker kingdoms on orders of his king.  Characters die and the protagonist has to learn to live with his actions and atone.  It isn't all dark either, as there are lighter moments and levity throughout.There is a bit of an unfortunate turn around towards the end, and things get very 'standard' in the fantasy/hero sense.  But for the majority of my 40 or so hours I remained engaged and happy with my time with FFIV.I've a slightly more fleshed our review on my site:http://theboilingpot.net/final-fantasy-iv/"
,Recommended,312750,15632757,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lemmyk,I remeber having this game on ds it is really fun now i can't wait  for the after years
,Recommended,312750,12283726,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,oldnames,"I have been really enjoying this 3D remake of the FF2 SNES game I played back when I was a kid.  So far, all the hidden paths and shortcuts to get some good gear early are still in the game from what I remember in the original.  The FPS in the battles is lower than the rest of the gameplay, but not enough of a downer to not play the game.I am playing on the new Hard difficulty, which is in fact harder; you need to actually use specific strategies to defeat bosses instead of just grinding/power leveling your party.  It is nice option that I recommend if you are not new to the game.  A new feature is the Augment items that you can give to party members, allowing them to issue new types of abilities in battle.  These can be very powerful and quite helpful when playing on the Hard difficulty.Seeing the world in 3D, hearing the characters speak in cut-scenes, and seeing your weapon and gear changes in battle is pretty cool.  Thoroughly enjoying this game once again!  $16 is a small price to pay compared to the $90+ I remember the SNES game being back in the day."
,Recommended,312750,30486356,Posted: 13 March,all,Murderlol,"This review is based on me only having played the SNES version prior to this and having played through it completely about 8-9 times since it came out.A decent but ugly version of one of the best Final Fantasy games. This is a port of the DS version which uses ugly chibi character models  instead of sprites. The game also runs at a very low locked framerate for some reason (15 fps I believe), and the entire screen feels zoomed in, making it hard to see around you. In terms of the FPS, there are mods available to fix that, I recommend the 20 FPS mod over the 25 FPS mod any day (try both and see why). That being said, it's still Final Fantasy IV, and the game is voice acted in this version. In fact, the translation here is quite a bit better than the original and the voice acting is a lot better than you'd expect.If you want a version of the game that looks much closer to the original but better, the PSP version is hands down the best. Otherwise if this is your only option, by all means because it's still a great game no matter how it looks and has additional content compared to the original.Edit: Leaving the original parts but adding this because I played more of this version.This version of the game does have a bunch of stuff that actually improved on the original. First off most of the characters have more abiltiies than they did in the SNES version, such as Edward being able to turn single target items into party items (even phoenix downs) or Cid being able to augment his weapon with elements using attack items. There are also augments that give your characters new abilties, such as giving them counter attack, bard songs, auto potion, and more. Also, this version has a better map than the original and it also works in caves and you get bonuses for completely exploring maps. It also shows chests so you know if you've looted everything on a floor.I should also note that many of the boss fights in this version are different from the original, notably Dr. Lugae and many of the mini-bosses in the Lunar Subteranne. This version also features multiple difficulties and new-game plus with two hidden superbosses to boot.Honestly I still dislike the graphics in this version, but the new gameplay elements are all quite good and make me enjoy this version a lot despite the flaws."
,Recommended,312750,17401650,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Younacotts,"Great game, but the added content that wasn't in the original isn't much of a boon, over all. I don't feel that it really added anything of value to the game, just allowed them to create some difficult to unlock achievements."
,Recommended,312750,13683876,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Big-D,"I REALLY WANT to like this. I REALLY do. Sadly i am only allowed to give it a yes or no recommendation. when really i want to give it a meh. Anyway i am going to be objective as possible. Personally for final fantasy 4 i will say the GBA version is the best. it wasnt 3d, there was no voice acting and everything that was supposed to be in the original was restored. The GBA version is the game at its most natural state. Then came the DS and PSP remake. When that came out i was very excited, and could get over the FF7 like graphics. the Cutscene opener looked great and then i played it. the story played out as it always had but the RNG was broken beyond playable. maybe it was my cart, but basically leveling up was meaningless and the characters typically didnt get any stronger for me. i never touched ff4 again until i heard they were porting it to ios and pc. I thought that was cute, but it turns out really it was just a port to ios. they removed a few ds specific features and slapped it together as quickly as possible. pc / steam version was even sloppier. now i am not a professional developer but i know porting things is not THAT complicated. 90 % of the work has been done aleady for you and sadly it shows here. The menu is identical to the IOS and android versions, and its slightly broken. If you pick up a peice of equipment that is usable in battle you must configure a command prior to the fight to even be able to use it. given that some characters come with a ton of commands it will be difficult to pick and choose if that oppurtunity comes up. The other thing they got rid of is the RNG development. this can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on who you ask. In the past the RNG hated me and broke my game and experience so in a way i was happy to see it go. But in its place is a VERY static character development. as far as i can tell it looks as if the character stats are meaningless. Combat formulas seem to rely solely on the level number the character is on. I know this because if you poke around the guides you will see one written by me detailing memory editing and plugging numbers in stats doesnt seem to affect anything, though editing the character level had a profound effect.lastly is the 3d levels. for the most part the entire game has been remapped into 3d. but the lack of camera controls makes it somewhat difficult to navigate. the good news is the maps are pretty much identical to their 2d counterparts.i feel weird for saying this but i think i liked the 2d sprites and graphics better, but thats just me. Here eveything has has been converted to 3d enemies bosses maps, the works. to their credits its the most effort square enix has put to porting a game ever, and the 3d conversion is a leap in a positive direction, but then you see the effort they put into releaseing ff13 to pc and you see corporate politics murder something great. its a shame really.Anyway tl;dr: Its ff4 for the most part fully rendered in circa 1997 3d. cookie cutter character development is pretty much the only reasonable flaw i can find."
,Recommended,312750,15928898,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,XxJustin93xX,loved this on the snes love it here
,Recommended,312750,12179810,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Solacing Tor,"Final Fantasy 4, i really do highly reccomend this game, just not on the pc, as soon as i found out it was on pc i bought it right away, because i loved it on the psp, the ds, even on the gba, it is an amazing game, with an amazing story and an amazing soundtrack, but the game is optimised for smaller screens, not for pc screens, that and the menus seem to be full of bugs, it may just be for me though but when i come out of a shops menu the game just goes black until i can find my way out of the shop, so nothing game breaking, but just down right annoying."
76561197970717304,Recommended,312750,12156228,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Al Bundy,I bought this game because the original was awesome as a kid and most new RPGs are suck.
,Recommended,312750,15747525,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Hector Plz,"great stuff, can get pretty hard some times.Good/10, would not beat again, ♥♥♥♥ing endgame dungeon took me 6 hours"
,Recommended,312750,22213159,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Phunbaba89,"This is a pc port of a moblie phone game i think, the game is similar to the ds version but in my opinon looks alot better. The style is almost close to final fantasy IX with nice pixel textures on 3d models that are slightly more humanised then the ds. the games is locked to 30 fps and in battle its 15. this can be fixed by opening it in a hex editor and changing some stuff, check out the thread on the community page. i changed mine to 20 fps and i belive that looks best. sometimes it gets a bit laggy and youl have to restart if this is done however.  Im not to far into the game yet but the encounters seem upped and so does the stakes in battle from the original snes and ds games (its pretty tough)overall i consider this the best version of this game with the mentioned fix.8 out of 10 (not as bad as others say)"
,Recommended,312750,22134832,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,damianherman,"I was a bit surprised at how much I enjoyed this game considering how old it is. The story and world are capitvating, but the battles can be a bit monotonous with the limited variety of magic, summons, special attacks, etc. This was still a very enjoyable game though!"
,Recommended,312750,20337347,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ｓｈｏｖｅｌ™,"Finaly Fantasy IV has been half enjoyable, but half frustrating. Though the game has a more than average plot, I personally had a lot of problems progressing through the game because of how brutal the random encounters were. If you're in for a challenge though? Go for it! Just know that this really isn;t the Final Fantasy game to start off with if you're not used to the real time system."
,Recommended,312750,13942168,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Elliott,"I had never played the original or DS remake, so I approached this with a fresh pair of eyes. Despite the age of the original, and the fact that this was a ported mobile version, I was engrossed by this game. The story is fun and paced excellently. The characters are memorable and distinct - in fact it felt that having well-defined characters with no formal job system works a lot better than some of the other games in the series. This is balanced by the augment system, which adds an extra dimension of customisability. The music is good, and the overall game mechanics work really well. You do not need to grind for experience on a normal playthrough, and the auto-battle feature makes it a lot more bearable if you want to go for the 100% achievement, which I was compelled to do :-)"
,Recommended,312750,16488084,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sperglord77,It's very addictive and the same classic game we all know and love. It is the same verison as the one you get on the iPhone/Android and I have to say I enjoy it more on a full screen than a phone screen. If you are a fan of RPGs get this one... it is well worth your time.
,Recommended,312750,25122416,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Baltybaby,"One of my favourite Final Fantasy games after completion. Voice acting by Cecil and Kain were great due to other works they've done. Within The Giant probably broke my top 5 final fantasy songs as well as it is a true masterpiece.Gameplay wise, I like the forced jobs. FF3's job system adds a sort of choice I don't want to make in Final Fantasy games. Leveling is slightly difficult as selecting places to grind is a little sparce, so choosing an area and sticking to it is definitely recommended.Story wise, much deeper than the previous 3 games. Twists and turns of the game are actually enjoyable, and surprising. The game brings a love story, a complicated friendship, family issues, and ancestral problems that make for an awesome plot :P"
,Recommended,312750,21419009,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,akiraxander,"Lots of great characters, but what I liked was the great old school JRPG combat and leveling. If you looking to scratch that JRPG ich can't go wrong with this one."
76561198088949781,Recommended,312750,29504344,Posted: 26 January,all,MrWomble,This game's story is great... Some of the gameplay is frustrating at times but in the long run it's worth it.Many a rage quits were involved in the completion of this game.
,Recommended,312750,21450787,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Concas2605,"So...Let's start this lil' review.Final Fantasy IV I gotta say it...It's my first (and favourite)Final fantasy in the entire saga.Why,well:1:The story. No spoilers,if you wanna know it buy it or watch a gameplay.2:The carachters. Especially Ridya for*coff* *coff*...Reasons.3:The bosses. Strong but not too much.The pros for the Steam version of the game are: Easy to buy,and download.The cons for the Steam version of the game are: FPS Counter is locked at 20/25 FPS,The graphics...Good game,but bad porting from NDS.Still would reccomend."
,Recommended,312750,12456280,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DvMg,"Final Fantasy IV - A classic JRPG.And by classic, don't expect any hand holding in these early titles, guides whilst not required to enjoy and complete the game at all, can be invaluble.Whilst this is a port of a port of a remake, the core of the game is firmly in it's early 90's origins, not without having it's entire world and cast remade for the Nintendo DS, side content expanded, FMV intro, characters and story flushed out, among several other small changes make this a worthy remake.The port itself, being a port of the Android/iOS port of the Nintendo DS remake, runs fine, some fps locks, full controller support, no issues with crashes or glitches. Downsides due to it being a port of the Android/iOS version, the UI is firmly centered around touch controls and as such the UI is large to accomodate fingers, and would be massively improved by being scaled down a bit for PC.The story itself is fairly basic, but with a lot of humour, and surprisingly for some, a lot of emotion. Final Fantasy titles are known for changing with each game, FFIV follows some of the other early ""classic"" era titles with the story revolving around Crystals, and a quest to retrieve the Crystals to save the world, in this version characters have been slightly more flushed out in back story, and voice acting adds even more to the experience, overall though pretty basic, it's a classic story told and somewhat updated, well.Graphics:As this was remade for Nintendo DS, older fans who played the original in it's 2D sprite glory might be put off by the DS style chibi-esque graphics, I find they actually add charm, now they don't contain the sharp details a 2D boss sprite can achieve, and at 1080p, it's a bit distracting at first, but that soon passes and you'll either love or hate the updated visual style, it certainly doesn't look bad and this being a pro or con is totally down to you.Pros:- Excellent music, a staple of Final Fantasy games.- Length (and depth) - On average it's not going to come close in playtime to the newer Final Fantasy's many know well, such as 7 or 8, but it's not a short game, and for it's original gameplay and story having to accomodate cartridges, it holds up well in content.- likeable and varied cast in personality and combat (No job system ala FF3)- Voice Acted cutscenes - Whilst they aren't voiced by ""A List"" voice actors and are short and well paced throughout the story, they are well done and really help immerse you in a world full of text.Cons:- UI - Designed for touch, using it via controller works perfectly, it's just a bit unsightly in my opinion and would work much better being smaller.- FPS - For me personally, I don't find it an issue, but many do find 15fps in battles distracting.All in all, FFIV is a classic JRPG that should be in the collection in any JRPG or Final Fantasy fans collection, does it have problems? Yes, but the pros outweigh the cons, and for the price it is, it earns its value."
76561198043355962,Recommended,312750,12281810,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jasonbb2,"Those who don't know this is a JRPG, this is a CLASSIC game, It first was released in the 90's, it is apart of the Final Fantasy Series.This game IMO has a deep and moving storyline, you get attached to the main cast, the Music is good but some what dated, the graphic are improved from the orginal.For those who are new to this game I recomend it.  You will have more then 40 hours of game play and all the usaly fun with JPRG's."
,Recommended,312750,12279968,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,curt,Retro turn-based RPG deliciousness that has updated graphics. One of the best Final Fantasy games that has put this series on the map. Soundtrack that is unforgettable.
,Recommended,312750,12307940,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,DrGrimReaper,"One of the greatest games of all times. Final Fantasy 4 is undeniably one of the games that paved the way for modern gaming. Not only did it brought refinements to an already excellent gameplay formula, but it was also one of the first games that showed that video games are capable of telling good stories.The game puts you in the role of Cecil Harvey, a dark knight working for the kingdom of Baron, who is questioning the nature of its kingdom's actions. Cecil begins to question his own humanity and sets out in a journey of redemption. Though I won't spoil much about the story, suffice to say that's it's full of great moments with a great cast of characters and memorable moments. Many games would later on use Final Fantasy 4 as a blueprint for story telling, especially in JRPGS.The game plays out as a classic turn based rpg, though it does have its quirks. Unlike the first entries, Final Fantasy 4 has an active battle system where you have to wait for a bar to fill in order to attack. This leads to a more fluid experience, as both players and enemies attack in a faster form and enemies don't wait for you to pick your attacks. However one of the things that makes it more interesting, is that the game is constantly challenging your expectations. For example you might start out with a party of a swordsman and two mages and suddenly you shift to a party that it's more melee focused. This is great, because it forces you to use all party members and to constantly adapt. Right when you are getting used to a team, the team gets a radical shift and you have to adapt once more.Now if you seen the screenshots, you'll notice that this isn't the SNES version. In truth, this version is an improved version of the DS remake. Having played that version, I can say that this is by far the superior one. The attention to detail can be perceived better in a big screen than in the DS' limited screen and resolution. The improved graphics also come with a remastered soundtrack. I honestly though I wasn't going to like it (FF7's remastered OST wasn't that great) but I was actually pleasantlty surprised, it holds up pretty well. One of my favorite themes is the Airship one, I could listen to that all day. Also, cutscenes have been added along with voice acting for key events. These make the memorable moments stand out even better. There is a particular cutscene related to Cecil nd a mountain that is simply awesome.  That said, the only slightly negative thing I noticed, is that sometimes battles are a tad low. Seem to be in 15-20 fps, but it not a big deal, given that this isn't a fast paced game.For those of you that already played the game, aside from the graphical/music/cutscene overhaul, there are a few gameplay additions. There is a particular sidequest involving a hummingway that is quite humorous.All in all, Final Fantasy 4 has always been my favorite FF game and this remake does it justice. RPG fans should not miss out on what is easily one of the cornerstones of gaming. If you are looking for a good, fun and long game, look no further than FF4. You won't be disappointed.Now let's just hope we get to see Final Fantasy 6 grace Steam someday. With IV, VI, VII and VIII here, JRPG fans will have a lot to look forward to."
,Recommended,312750,29735774,Posted: 5 February,all,Hatredcopter,"I purchased final fantasy III, IV, V and VI together. These were the first 2d final fantasy games i'd bought and played and number IV was the first one that i really got in to. A job based system is used for combat and although the story is nothing truly special it certainly kept me engaged enough to get me through the game.I'm not looking through any rose coloured glasses when i recommend this, i did not enjoy final fantasy III at all but number IV is really worth buying."
,Recommended,312750,15128657,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Cow64,One of the best FF of all time!
76561198008592396,Recommended,312750,12328446,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Red,"I am a big fan of Final Fantasy, I have been playing it since I was little. FFIV is nonetheless a fantastic part of the series, this particular version being the iOS (strangely enough) version, which has been ported for Steam. FFIV in particular was remade in 2007 for the Nintendo DS, and the iOS port is the very same, with a few tweaks and removals of DS features/additions of extra features to replace them.On the subject of the actual game, it's the same thing I could say about any Final Fantasy game. This one has its quirks however being an early entry to the series, but this game is when the stories really started to take form. The soundtrack is fantastic, having been also remade for the DS version, and the combat system - ATB (Active Time Battle) - is akin to the more classical Final Fantasies, and the battle system you see most often. The visuals are quite crisp since they're from the DS version and give it a unique taste, but don't expect anything extravagant. The Steam version also has a plethora of achievements for hunters to grab up, following suite with the other Final Fantasy additions to Steam.I suppose the only downside to it is that, being an iOS port, there's definitely some quality lacking here and there - the most glaring issue being the UI. The DS version looked much better, but the unique style and font was sacrificed for iOS playability. It's not that big of an issue, though.A must have for FF fans, a quality addition for those who aren't. Definitely among the most 'classic' of FFs."
,Recommended,312750,33278178,Posted: 5 July,all,ferris euler,"Story is good, praying that enemies don't instant kill your back row and backtracking through every other dungeon however is not"
,Recommended,312750,33098983,Posted: 1 July,all,Pix,"I have never EVER played a turn-based RPG before this one, and I'm ony 5 hours in, and I'm hooked. I never thought it would be this fun.Graphics are nice considering this is originally a DS game, it scales well at 1080p. The biggest problem I've had with pc ports of older 3D console titles is controls, but I had no troubles with this one, it controls as it should. Voice acted cutscenes are nice and I would recommend this to JRPG fans or really any fantasy fans."
76561198155010291,Recommended,312750,14334130,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,J-Bone712,Final Fantasy................... Need i say more?
76561198054542994,Recommended,312750,12148858,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ArchonZach,"Well I was hoping to get a litttle farther into the game before writing a review but since everyone and their mothers is crying about some 15 fps crap I figured I might as well give people some straight forward answers First off I haven't noticed and bad frames besides in the very first scripted battle and that lasts all for 30 seconds tops so if thats a deal breaker for you then you have issues, also most of the people writing negative reviews don't even have a hour in the game! SO at the of the day if you love FF 4 or the Final Fantasy series in general then this is another port to add to your collections and for people who might not be has familar with the series I'd like to think that 4 is a good starting points unlike 3 which is also on steam characters have set classes so you dont have to worry about making a party that can't get you out of the first dungeon."
,Recommended,312750,12149206,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ǁᴿᴬǁ That Ninja,"This is the definitive classic Final Fantasy experience. This is the game that solidified Final Fantasy as a series and paved the way for all the games that came after it. Despite there being 3 games that came before it, this is the one that really nailed down what to expect from a Final Fantasy game.Now, I'm not about to say the game is perfect, as it has it's flaws. I will say, howevr, that this game has stood the test of time and that I have played it many times over the years. I still deeply enjoy the story, the characters, and the world it takes place in. This is by far my favorite Final Fantasy game (with 6 in a VERY close second).I would urge any fan of the series to play this game and experience it for themselves so that they could hopefully garner s much love for it as I have. That being said, it is not going to be for everyone, especially for those who want something more akin to games that came later in the series."
76561198062234285,Recommended,312750,12154244,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,j0ngfg,This was my favorite game as a child on Super Nintendo (Final Fantasy 2). One of the all time great RPGs. This remake seems slightly easier than the original so far. More up-to-date translations for items and skills too. Every now and then there's a dramatic cut scene with voice acting which is almost perfectly timed and not overdone. Very deep story and character growth. One of the all time great games now in 3D.
,Recommended,312750,12143063,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Nathaniel (No PC),Let me start by saying the game is amazing but the port is not that great. Final Fantasy IV is my personal favorite Final Fantasy and I can replay this masterpiece any time. They added a hard mode which has never been done before for this game and it makes it extremely difficult. Having achievements is also nice.  I dislike however how they ported over the DS version instead of the perfect PSP version since the 3D looks bad in 1920x1080.  The port has many graphical errors and texture defects in any resolution. The FPS is capped very low during the battle scenes so it looks sluggish and unnatural. If the hard mode and achievements does not catch your eye then go buy the PSP version of this masterpiece.
76561197982947272,Recommended,312750,12186985,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,dragonvare,It is in my opinion one of the greatest RPG's ever made and the best out of all of the other Final Fantasy games.  This game has it all a great classic turn-based battle system and an awesome story.  I must have played this game all the way through a 100 times and will probably do it another 100 before they put the nails on my coffin.  This was squaresoft at is best.
,Recommended,312750,24071094,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mia Skywalker,"Final Fantasy IV has always been one of my favorite games.  I must have played it 30 or 40 times between my SNES and my PSX.  I've seen some reviewers who complained that this version has had some of the extras it was given in the DS stripped from it, but I've never played the DS version, so I don't really care about those particular things.I am greatly enjoying the upgraded graphics.  True, they aren't high end graphics (other than the opening sequence), but I like the graphics we do have nonetheless.  I haven't run into any of the glitches or bugs that some of the other reviewers have mentioned; the game has run very smoothly for me.I love the fact that the game autosaves every time you zone, and when you start the game and select ""continue"", it starts where you last zoned.  I've been using that as a fast save alternative, and finding it very convenient if I need to turn off the game in a hhurry.  (Which I suppose is why it was added in.)I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes the genre.  Those who are used to cutting edge graphics like Witcher and Elder Scrolls might look down on this game, but anyone who is a fan of the old SNES style graphics, or RPG Maker games, this is a vast improvement over any of them.  This was always one of the very best games to ever come out on the SNES (along, of course, with Final Fantasy VI).The voice acting is also very good.  My personal choice might have been to swap the voice actor who did Cecil with the one who voiced Kain, but I'm sure the developers had a reason for their decision, and as both voice actors are very good, I don't really object to it.  I just think Cecil sounds so very young, and at the beginning, when he's in that Dark Knight outfit, it seemed a little silly.  His voice made more sense later in the game, just not at the beginning.This game gets a 10/10 from me, but I think that unless they had really messed things up, it wouldn't have gotten anything lower.  :)"
,Recommended,312750,12414476,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Final Fantasy perfection. This game is meant to tell a story and it accomplishes what it sets out to do. It's one of the best Final Fantasy games in the series, that isn't an opinion, just a fact for people with taste and that have been there since the dawning of the series.The only game that rivals this in terms of quality is Final Fantasy VI, I'm still a bit torn as to which game is better... I believe FF6 is the total package but 4 tells a great story and has amazing characters, music and art design.My only gripe about this game is that it's basically a tutorial up until the 90% mark... The game is on auto-mode because of the perfect pacing. You never really have to grind out more than 5 levels to conquer new areas... so long as you know the bosses weakness and have a strategy, you'll win every fight with ease.The game doesn't really begin to give you a whole lot of freedom and customization until the final dungeon and almost makes you feel a bit ill prepared. There are a few side quests to knock off before the finale and they give you some of the best gears in the game but most of which are all found in the final dungeon so it doesn't make it easy on you going in.Other than that, fantastic addition to the series even though it's a bit over done...Things about this version in particular:I dislike this 3D look and prefer the newer PSP 2D edition but I do like how they kept it simple and didn't really add on too many extra things.The Augment system is welcome, I enjoyed having a bit of customization this time around but having to start from scratch on a NEW GAME+ really hurts the replayability because the pacing should be much quicker your second time around but it stays neutral.It only allows you to keep the BEST of the BEST items... like Adamant Armor or Onion Gear... that's it...So all ultimate weapons and your character levels are reset at the start of NEW GAME+ which hurts the game as a whole... The entire point of NEW GAME+ is to whip through the game quicker and double up on gears so you can have everyone with best in slot stuff... but if fails on that front.Still worth a purchase though if you haven't gotten a chance to play this version. The FMV's are also very nice to look at... it's nice to get a glimpse of what these characters would look like if Square had a bigger budget. It brings them to life and makes them feel even more real than they already do... lot's of personality here."
,Recommended,312750,12150007,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Sam,Spoony bards 15/10 GOTY
,Not Recommended,312750,25684364,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,"Like.... 1,000 Ninjas","The gameplay and story of FFIV are absolutely fantastic!However, this PC version is not a good port. The battle sequences have to be fixed by a hex editor/community mod because they run at unacceptably low framerates, it makes battles unplayable. I have to hit the key to change menu option multiple times before it'll take. This is a very concerning issue since the battles do not pause when you're selecting actions. On top of that, my controller will frequently ""bug out"" and my character runs in random directions.I've played this game and experienced the story before. It's great, but I cannot recommend the PC version to anyone. I feel if you haven't played FFIV before then you should not buy this since it will give you a very bad taste for this game - which as I've said before is a wonderful game outside of it's terrible PC port."
76561198041448227,Not Recommended,312750,15834967,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,sypha1985,"Being that I have played and beaten the original several times... this was a let down to me. It didn't take me long to realize that this version panders to a whole new crowd then honoring the glorious title I remember on the SNES. From the get go there was change in the demeanor of the cast, Cecil went from the biggest badass until Cloud to being the biggest sissy in gaming history in the first half hour of the game (yes, I know his character struggles with inner pain blah blah blah but originally he bottles it up to fuel his vengeance and takes stride as a true hero against evil instead of ""SOBBING""  <---- actual dialogue box from Cecil)  ... A lot of added dialogue that took away from the original spirit of the game, a lot of seemingly minor changes that i thought wouldn't bother me that also took away from the spirit of the game...if you have never played the original ... PLAY IT INSTEAD!!!"
76561198047207013,Not Recommended,312750,15906785,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gatorbait,"Loved the original on the snes but can't say I feel the same about this. I really wanted to like this but the constant crashes killed that idea.Please note that this is not a port of the original Final Fantasy 2 we played in the US on the super nintendo. Its a port of a remastered version from the gameboy I think. Its similar but there are certainly differences. I wouldn't have minded but as already stated, the games constantly crashes.I personally prefer the original graphics over the remake but that didn't effect my review."
76561198156538284,Recommended,312750,25035466,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,captainturbo,"Having played and beaten both the DS and SNES versions of this game I will state that the port of FFIV here on steam isn't as good as it could have been.Don't get me wrong their is a LOT to love, especially if this is the only time and way you've ever played this game but I do have a few gripes.1. The interface is terrible, from what understand it's essentially the IOS port and looks very ugly.2. The graphics, on a DS they look good, for steam not so much, the 3D models aren't as bad as the ones in FF7 but they could have done with smoothing out.3. Slow down, not a common problem but it has happened a few times, this was a problem again in the DS version and one it doesn't look like they fixed.Other than that though I would recommend the game, even if you've played the original SNES version it's still cool to see the story be told using 3D models and even some voice acting (which isn't great but nothing terrible)."
76561198147031914,Recommended,312750,12661259,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Swolebroham Liftin,"As a long term final fantasy fan I am very impressed with this games port to pc.(yes I know it has only been brought over from the DS version)The graphics,whilst not exactly stellar when compared to the likes of ffXIII, hold up well and give the game a storybook feel that is hard to beat. This storybook feel is further promoted via the games soundtrack.This soundtrack is in my mind one of the best a game, that i have played, has ever had.The games story is one of my personal favourites. the characters are relateable and have genuine development ,which is uncommon in many supposedly story driven games we see today.The roster of characters and classes does well to add to the rich universe the game is centred in ,with classes including a Bard and a Ninja.The games plot is incredibly involving and is full of twists and turns that are genuinley hard to guess at some points.(A thing that has been lost to the a lot of modern media)so overall if you have 35+ hours to spare and cash in hand i would highly recommend this game, it may even give other final fantasy fans a more enjoyable experience than the recent additions to the series."
,Recommended,312750,23335697,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Gregoerbrudy,"One of the first classic OMG NO WAY moments in RPG\'s for me was this game. Its got redone graphics in 3d. Reminds me of Playstion 1 or Nintendo DS graphics. Great story with amazing Characters! Really dont pass this classic game up if you get the chance, jump on it!"
,Recommended,312750,27355386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LawfulGeek,"Final Fantasy IV is one of the best in the series, with strong characters, a fantastic plot and enough twists to keep you enganged. There are secrets, betrayals (though some become a recurring thing) and over the top action in turn-based-format.This version I originally played on DS, and I love the number of tweaks it has over the original release, with extra skills to pick up from characters and locations if you follow certain steps. This lets you nab spells like Meteo or the ability ""Cast All"" later in the game, which change the dynamics of battle considerably.Also, playing this game on hard makes it really, truly, verifly, indubitably hard!"
,Recommended,312750,12145915,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Ocenau,"So far it is a great game, However I would recomened using a controler due to iffy controls for keyboard. I am not that far into the story on PC but I played the Mobile version with 100% Complete save It has a great Story."
,Recommended,312750,12381029,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ze Master Killer,"I have played through this game many many different times on many different platforms, the story and gameplay have always been one of my favorite things about this game and would probably make this my favorite Final Fantasy game made, I highly recommend it to any fan of the series or any RPG player in general."
,Recommended,312750,12372198,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,GnuHorn,"A great buy if you're nostalgic about the older Final Fantasy games.  I completed this game several times over when I owned it as ""Final Fantasy 2"" on the SNES.  While this is the updated version for the handheld, and as such the graphics aren't as good as, well, any other PC titles out there... but they're good for those of us with some nostalgia for the older consoles.The game really benefits from the gamepad or console controller, in my opinion, but doesn't exactly rely on twitch response time so playing using the keyboards is fine.I would love to see this game updated with some higher res textures, updated cutscenes, and PC controls to leverage the mouse as a control mechanism.  I would easily pay $60 for a fully updated version of this game.Having said that, this game has it all for me, including the amazing soundtrack.  It was easily one of the most memorable soundtracks for me in my gaming history.  I love it and would highly recommend it if you enjoyed the older Final Fantasy games... but if you're looking for a modern PC-style RPG, this may or may not be the game for you."
,Recommended,312750,12145529,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Jarfulous,"Pros:-Almost everythingCons:-I don't especially care for the targeting system in battles; Instead of moving the cursor to the enemy you want to fry by going left and right and stuff (like I'm used to, thanks to FFVII), you scroll up and down a list of potential targets as the model itself is merely highlighted. This seems to me like the result of a somewhat lazy port of the iOS/Android version.-Also, the camera seems a bit too zoomed in for a big screen; again, lazy port.These two complaints, however, are not very important, and detract very little from the overall experience of the game.9,987/9,999P.S.They kept ""You Spoony Bard"", in case you were worried."
76561198046213596,Recommended,312750,20957594,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Justin,"Oh man, where do I start? This is one of my favorite games of all time, and probably in my top 3 for Final Fantasy games. I have a copy of FF IV on the GameBoy Advance that I used to play all the time, probably played through the game three times or more on there alone. I was excited when I found out I had the option to purchase it here on Steam! The graphics are pretty decent, from what I can tell they are the same or maybe very slightly better than the Nintendo DS version of Final Fantasy IV.Gameplay is fantastic, and I absolutely love that I have the option to play on a higher difficulty. It's also interesting to see certain little things changed here and there, such as how Cecil's Darkness ability works and whatnot compared to my copy on the GBA.The music is pretty nice sounding too in my opinion, and that's one of the biggest factors that draws me into a game more. Music has to be good, and I think it hits home for me really well.All in all, definitely pick this one up if you're a big fan of the Final Fantasy series! Or even if you've never played a Final Fantasy game, this one is (in my opinion) one of the best!"
,Recommended,312750,12139852,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ZuliuZ,Some of you asked for this. I know I did.*God has answered our prayers!Get those Augment guides out!
,Recommended,312750,12228654,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Jertagadlafrata,"This is an excellent port of the DS remake. If you haven't played FF4 before, I'd recommend the PSP version, but once you have your foot in the door I'd defenitely give this or the DS version a play. The augment system and stat changes give the game a new feel and balance. My only complaint is that this might be the easiest version of the game. Most bosses die before they perform any actions, even in ""hard."""
,Recommended,312750,20196695,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WraithLord1984,"There are many things I can say about Final Fantasy IV. The second Final Fantasy game I have played, Final Fantasy for the NES preceding it is probalby my favorite Final Fantasy game out of the whole bunch, and I've played all of them except XII. The characters all have unique abilities (though augments were added in this version to share abilities between characters) that make having them at specific parts of the game useful. The storyline is rich and engaging, and you generally start to develop an emotional attachment to some of them (depending on your playstyle and level up depth you get into games I suppose). A good time sink, and luckly this version includes both Easy Type (Final Fantasy II US Release) and the original Hard Mode from the Japanese release of Final Fantasy IV on the Super Famicom. So if you are looking for a challenge, you'll get it as the game get's very difficult, very quick if you don't grind to learn spells for specific bosses.As a forewarning, this is not the Final Fantasy that most everyone and myself fell in love with when it release back in November of 1991. The game contains the core coding for all of the characters, leveling, and monsters along with all of the proper translations the 1991 US release lacked. As much as I don't care for the graphic upgrade they gave it (should have gone with the SNES / Super Famicom graphics) the graphics do NOT make the game. The storyline and the combat system make the game, and those remain flawless. I highly recommend to anyone new to the series, and to those wanting to get a whiff of nostolgia to join Cecil Harvey once again on his adventure of Love, Betrayal, and Atonement."
76561198018237994,Recommended,312750,31289551,Posted: 21 April,all,MaliciousPit,good updates to the ds port!
76561198100228600,Recommended,312750,19729666,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,livinlifefosho,"I remember playing this game as a kid, I never got very far because the game got difficult for me quick. So when I saw it on the steam store I thought, ""hey, for the sake of nostalgia I'll try it!"" With only a few hours in I am noticing how rich and emotional the story is! And the game has difficult moments but with good strategy can be overcome! A beautiful classic!"
,Recommended,312750,22161581,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,¤јεŝuš¤,"One of my favorite classics. Decent port of a remake, I kinda liked all the new visuals, sounds and music."
,Not Recommended,312750,18591991,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,play_helix,"For 16 dollars, this is an insult. Apologists may be able to get past everything wrong, but its straight up trash.Both ff7 and ff8 cost LESS than this game on steam, and realm reborn costs 4 dollars more for a game that is 100x more polished. You may think this is one of the best stories ever told, and one of the best ATB systems or whatever, but don't put up with it here. 'Oh man I love that character! Oh thats interesting! Oh this is fun!' Are not phrases that come to mind while playing this game. It's rather 'Oh they hired that voice actor again! Oh that looks terrible! Why did the framrate just dip?'They did not take any effort in porting this game, the framerate is garbage outside of battle, and EVEN LESS while your in battle (locked to 15 ♥♥♥♥ing fps, disgusting). The UI is so poorly laid out and extremely ugly, obviously taken from another lazy port. The UI in battle is what you're looking at and using so much of the time, but it looks so lazy its pathetic. In battle its big, transparent boxes with tiny text thats in a generic font.The actual graphics in general are just from a goddamn DS game, they didnt bother making ANY textures look better, let alone any models. Every part about this game looks so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it does not look like a professional game made by Square Enix of all people. Its sad when the original final fantasy has better graphics and UI than one released now.So now you just end up with this disgusting mess of a port thats 16 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars. There are so many better games to get on steam for around 16 dollars that have actual effort put into them, even better final fantasy games. If it's on sale, it's not worth it since you can get a better version for free easily.I don't know how people are okay with this for 16 dollars... just seriously"
,Not Recommended,312750,14351214,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,LadyJaneFace,"This is a good game, ruined. The 3D is clunky and ugly, the voiceovers are flat, and in particular this port is abysmal."
,Not Recommended,312750,16459527,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lust,"I prefered the 2D version, the artwork looked really amazing,This looks kinda cheap, but I suppose imma finish it for the story and all that jazz."
76561198037255528,Recommended,312750,21006059,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,D4rkAlph4,Great game!
,Recommended,312750,14889824,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Cootie Edward,EDWARD IS LOVEEDWARD IS LIFE
,Recommended,312750,12194232,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,FallenWest,"Final Fantasy IV is...an amazing game! This game has a deep story, challenging combat, and all different kinds of things to do. This game will grip you from start to finish. I got this game for DS and GBA for my birthday a few years back. I also played this game on the NES too. This game blew me away. The different strats and ways people do stuff is amazing to see! The augment system is ideal for this game, and the different characters and their sacrifices they make to help people live or die. All in all, This game is one of the best Final Fantasy games to this date! I hope you buy this game, because you won't put it down! This game is one of the best games I have ever played. There is much more to say, but i got to go. Buy this game, you will log over 30 hours in this game before you know what happens. See ya!"
76561198079821997,Recommended,312750,21883251,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Valar Morghullis,"Anyone who has played the original will enjoy this wonderful rendition!  Play it through the normal setting and try to find all the little things they changed/modified that are different from the Snes version.  Obviously, with the 3d models, everything will have that new car smell to it just by playing.  The cut scenes and voice acting are well done as well.  But if you're hard core, play the hard mode.  The challenge is refreshing since the original is a walk in the park.  I've got to say, this mode is not for the feint of heart!  Monsters deal 3x-4x the damage!  Every boss encounter is an actual duel to the death, where sometimes you're the one who winds up dead.  Hit the continue button and they put you right before the last battle you fought.  Giving you the ability to reconfigure your team to meet stradegies needed to prevail!8.5/10its still an old school rpg, but its done about as well as it could be."
,Recommended,312750,21342827,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dreamtildead,"Burn the damn village, burn the girl, burn this whole damn world.. Mwahahahaha"
,Not Recommended,312750,28332815,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,NoobixCube,"This is just a port of the mobile version.  The world map is so tightly zoomed in, you have no idea where you're going.  3D graphics are nice, but with no camera control, that's a deal breaker for me.  You're better off playing the GBA version."
,Recommended,312750,27882233,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sage,One of my favorite and first final fantasy's from when I was a kid.
,Recommended,312750,27847999,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,macigimagic,"I have played this game on Snes, Gba, Emulator, Ps, Psp, Ds and now i have played it on Steam."
,Not Recommended,312750,15819729,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Party Man Paulson,"This is nothing but a poorly made port of the android version. Overworld travel is locked at 30 fps, and battles are locked at 15 fps. The ui and fov is designed for smartphones, and somehow the textures look even worse in game than the screenshots. You're better off emulating the snes version."
,Not Recommended,312750,14569093,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Louman,"This version feels like it's emulation of another iteration of the game, and not a good one at that. The frame rate stutters a lot, the aspect ratio looks odd on a monitor and some graphics have tearing in them. There's also no explantion during a battle of what a particular spell or ability will do and the map system in the overworld is annoying. My biggest issues though lies with the frame rate. In battle the frame rate drops down drastically and everything becomes delayed. It really messes up the ATB system because of this. I really wanted to enjoy this, but I couldn't. I ended up buying the orignal version of this game on the DS instead."
76561198019910044,Not Recommended,312750,14396094,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ackranome,"I played American FF2 on the snes - it was much better than this game.  I'd not recommend the game.  It may look ""slightly"" better (as the old-bit technology has a charm to it) but the game play is significantly worse (ironic) as you had far more options availalbe to you in the old version.They added a few ""uniques"" to the game such as ""darkness"" for Cecil (drains your life each time you hit for greater damage) and basically all the characters got something along those lines. Other than that... I'd rather be playing the old Snes version.The story is basically the same.  Some okay voice acting.  The cut scenes are kind of goofy.  I got this on sale and even then I... just don't think it is worth it."
,Recommended,312750,13153850,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Syrune Starlight,"From what I've played so far, I'm really enjoying this remake, love the new features and fresh graphics, though it still can't beat the original."
76561198066745288,Not Recommended,312750,15359280,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Salty Spike,"Yo dawg, I heard you like Emulated games, so we Emulated Final Fantasy IV from DS to Andriod, then emulated the Android version to PC. #Lazyness.Don't get me wrong, I love Final fantasy IV. It was my second FF game (FF8 Being the first), and I loved it. But this version is just eh. Its max framerate is at 10/15 when on the map, while in battle its locked at 30. It makes the game super choppy.  The one thing I do like is that they added a few new features. Plus the achievments. Gotta love achievments.But overall review, buy a different version, or get the SNES version on emulator. This one isnt worth the money in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,312750,14349204,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[BT] Littlecolt,"I was really excited for this, but it's a port of the android version, which is a port od the DS version. No improvements were made. In fact, the UI is pretty bad.I recommend you just get it on the Nintendo DS. If you want to play it on PC, emulate the DS version. This is not worth any money at all."
76561198021757575,Recommended,312750,12241644,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,ABOUT ♥♥♥♥ING TIME STEAM MORE FF!!!!!!!
,Recommended,312750,12141964,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Bucket of Bolts,"It's a port of the DS version from what I've read about it, and it's pretty great."
76561197986986653,Recommended,312750,12135427,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,misled_youth11683,"I grew up playing these titles and it's great to see them coming back...again. If you like JRPG's, or just classic RPG's this is a must get."
,Not Recommended,312750,16703194,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Draven Havok,"first game I ever returned on steam, doesn't run well and lacks a lot of the features from the PSP game. Very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,312750,13717686,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,"The good:It's Final Fantasy 4 with N64 Graphics, FMV sequences, and voice acting. The Voice acting is about as good as Final Fantasy 10s was... minus the annoying Tidus laugh.The Bad: Limited option menu choice. The only thing you can set is the screen resolution and your controller/keybinds.Nothing for Sound.In fact, you'd be better off getting a DS copy of this game, instead."
,Recommended,312750,20259514,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chão,10/10 had way too much fun farming rainbow puddings. So much fun I'm still doing so.
76561198013656175,Not Recommended,312750,19833942,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Dusade,total garbage to how it was when the game first released in america for SNES
76561198346289401,Recommended,312750,28794222,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lherbe18,"I never played the original NES version of this game when it came out in the 80's, but my brother did.  He was old enough to play and follow the entire Final Fantasy series from the 1st to XV.  When talking about video games the other day, he was astounded that I never played this game and instantly had me pull out my steam account and download it.Upon the first few minutes of the cinematic opening, we both said at once, ""They're talking!?""For me personally, I've found the game very fun, and destpite never playing the orignal, have really enjoyed the remaster with its added cinematics and voices.  It's been interesting to play through a game that broke the mold of storytelling back then as well as helped define the roles and abilites of RPG characters.  My brother has shown some dislike because of the loss of some of the abilities like ""duping"" and some other cheat mechancis.  Maybe I haven't figured it out yet, but like I told him, I can't hate losing what I never experienced.  And so far, it hasn't hindered my experience or enjoyment of this game.As far as the chibi art style...I don't mind it.  I think it kind of goes with the story and doesn't take away from it.  And yes, the world might be small and the story and characters are very predicatablea and cliche...for this day and age.  Keeping into account this game came out nearly thrity years ago, this was a very compelling fantasy/adventure story of its time.  However, I think the upgraded graphics and audio do a good job of bridging that gap.  All in all, I think the remake of this Final Fantasy game was well done, a great salute to a great game, and a need-to-play game for any fan of the Final Fantasy franchise."
,Not Recommended,312750,21642419,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,UAIOE,"Great game marred by a questionable port at very best. Stick to the DS version (or better yet, the PlayStation or fan-translated SFC versions) instead, unless 15 FPS battles, touchy controls, and a horrible UI sounds like your idea of a good time.(What's the deal with the random artifacts in text windows, by the way? I thought that was just my current PC, but they're even on official screenshots. Odd/interesting/maddening.)"
76561198038552111,Recommended,312750,17128259,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Phruler,Perfect game for someone who likes grinding :)
,Not Recommended,312750,21783614,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SilkySlim,THE BATTLES UNPLAYABLE CUZ THEY SO CHOPPY LIKE 15FPS OR SOME STUNT UNTIL THEY FIX IT DONT GIVE SQUARE NO MONEY
,Recommended,312750,12576543,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,dead,"Why didn't you port the PSP version instead, though?  :("
,Recommended,312750,18027118,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Prinny!,"I never played the original but this remake was really fun. Played this right after completing FF3, and you can really see that it was in this game that the series really started to take on a more involved plot. A change from FF 1-3 as this is the first one to use the ATB system, and the job system is gone or at least different from the previous games. Instead of having blank slates for characters that can be anything that you choose for them to be, each character has his/her own role and stick to it.If you like old timey games you'll like this one, but this one comes with voice acting o_o! Its nice but if you played a lot of older RPGs, especially on console the voices are the usual suspects for some of the major characters. (the main character cecil is none other than yuri lowenthal)"
76561198262977888,Recommended,312750,19595412,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,chaddehart82,"First and foremost, I want to say that I have played this game from start to finish multiple times on multiple systems.  I started with the ""easy"" Final Fantasy 2 North American release and played that at least ten times through.  I played this on PSP, Playstation 3, Gameboy Advance, and now on Steam.  Here are the pros and cons in my book for this game that still has me playing after 20 years of its inital release.Good:Beautiful music, decent voice acting, turn based goodness.  I will say first and foremost, I LOVE turn base RPG's.  The story is simple by today's standards (you can tell what is going on unlike some of the later Final Fantasy games, talking to you 13 and all of your weirdness).  The combat is turn based, strategic, and fast paced (even with the atrocious frame rate at times I still didn't mind grinding).Bad:Ok, I said ""decent"" voice acting.  It is ok I guess.  It is weird hearing names of the people that I thought were always pronounced differently.  Yang is pronounce Yong and I thought Cecil was pronounced SeeSeal not Sessal.  Oh well, after twenty years I know.  The game is pretty dang hard.  Some of the tricks that worked 20 years ago do not fly right now.  Notably the putting the wall spell on yourself to reflect Bahamuts special attack.  It does not work so Bahamut is not a pushover any more.  There are other things that used to never happen like tons of counter attacking and so forth but I am glad to see it get to be more challenging.Overall:  I know that since Square and Enix merged they have been money hungry.  However, the $16 price is worth the experience to be sure.  Final Fantasy purist may cry fowl that the game has been modernized and new players to the genre that started on 7 or later may not appreciate the gem that is FFIV.  However, I fully support this game and would love to see FFVI get the same loving treatment.  I will gladly shell out $16 for it."
76561198131334476,Not Recommended,312750,17433000,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Vasparian,"This remake is pretty good as far as remakes go. I like the agument system, the updated music, and some of the new cut scenes. I am not a huge fan of the graphical style. I would love to see the PSP Final Fantasy complete collection on steam in 1080P. It looked amazing and it has all the extras along with the after years and a bonus game. I really can't recommend this remake unless it is on sale like I bought it."
76561198039061982,Not Recommended,312750,17197714,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ijuakos,"This is one of those games that Square likes to remake and rerelease on multiple platforms as they become available.  The last time I played this game was when it first came out on the Super Nintendo.  Sadly, this version tries to look better than the original, yet I find myself at many times wishing I was playing the original version.The most obvious change is that the characters are all modeled in 3D space.  This allows them to do even fancier things such as add flair to cutscenes.  The original format does not have cutscenes; it came before a time it was popular in the gaming world.  The graphics would probably be bearable if the character models didn't look like a first year game development student could pull out (and I'd almost bet tthe student could pull out better models).  Judging from the style, I'd say they ported the models from the Nintendo DS version of the game.  The quality looks just as bad.The biggest flaw in the graphics, though, is not the models but the way it is presented.  The camera is, of course, coming down on your character at an angle - standard for 3rd person 3D games, but the camera is damn near on top of your character all of the time.  Fortunately, you can press one of the shoulder buttons to pull up a map overlay.  Unfortunately, you will not get to enjoy much of the DS-quality graphics since that damn map will be up all of the time because you really cannot see what is going on when you need to go down on any map.   Most of the dungeons I've ran through, I navigated almost entirely off the map since it's easier than just popping it up and down as needed.   That isn't even fool-proof though since the icon for your character doesn't exactly fit around the terrain as easily as the map indicates (several times, I'd get caught up trying to round a corner).The music is probably the strongest point.  At least they didn't try to butch it all too much; most of the music is how I remember it.  It was one of the things I liked about FFIV the first time I played it.  Some of the spell sound effects are different, but it wasn't enough to sound like it didn't belong.Other notes: some of the fights are different than how I remember it.  For example, I don't recall seeing the ""reverse"" attack that the doctor in the Tower of Babel casts on the group.  Took me a couple rounds to figure out what was going on.  Random encounters are way too frequent in some areas.  I think it was like that originally, though; I wish they would have tweaked it since they were already tweaking other things.Overall, I'd say if you have this game for any other platform, pass on this one.  It might even be better to download ZSNES or other SNES/Super Famicom emulator and play the original.   If you really want it on your PC, get it on a Steam sale."
76561198013426446,Not Recommended,312750,18008796,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,OReach,"I don't usually write negative reviews but, this version of the game is absolutely terrible.This game was my favorite game as a child until the release of FF6. I've beaten it over 10 times and spend hundreds of hours playing the original. I know this game inside and out.This release is absolute garbage and I can't in good faith recommend it to anyone over the original.The horrific graphic style aside, it also runs horribly slow and it's extremely clunky to play. It's absolutely painful if you've played the original.However, being a fan of the game, I could overlook this.If it wasn't for the camera.The camera is zoomed in so far it looks like you're staring directly at the top of the head of your character for most of the game. You can't see anything around you. Some of the maps are enormous and you feel like a rat in a maze...because you can't see anything. You can't take in the sights of maps or the overworld...or anything. Maybe this was an appropriate camera for a handheld, but on a big screen it looks ridiculous. I can't enjoy playing the game like this at all.Verdict? There's simply no reason to play this when you can play the original. It's a fantastic core game ruined by enorous oversights."
76561197963437606,Not Recommended,312750,18431338,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,FireAlarmPuller,Like many other people crashes on startup.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTILL THEY FIX THIS!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,312750,23514951,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Zilexion,"This version of the game has… issues, it’s missing content such as the cave of trials or whyt, battles are locked at 15 fps though the rest of the game isn’t, and there are a couple instances where voice lines in cut scenes jarringly overlap each other,Beware story spoilers - not my video, credit goes to Galaxia Shadow, the channel holder,Video proof of line overlapping at around 29 second mark. It’s an emulation of the mobile version, so it has unappealing and intrusively proportioned interface. Overall the base game isn’t bad, in fact, I’d say 4 is my favorite FF game, I just wish my first time playing it hadn’t been this. It’s not beyond enjoyable, but you’re better off with pretty much any other version in existence, so if you have another platform, get it on that instead."
76561197999072624,Recommended,312750,28884754,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Beige&Confused,"An excellent remake of a great game, stays true the source material and just updates the presentation for modern audiences, just as advertised.  Everything looks and sounds fantastic. That a game released in 1991 can have better characters and story than anything Square Enix has put out since 2000 is saying a lot, but here we are.  FFIV somehow manages to be both definitively retro and ridiculously ahead of its time all at once; for modern JRPG sensibilities is arguably the earliest Final Fantasy that represents what the series would become.  Its gameplay is classic and no frills (except the ATB system) and still manages to be fresh and fun by adding tons of fun, challenging, and creative dungeons and boss fights.  One of Uematsu's best soundtracks doesn't hurt either.  Timeless."
76561198108031310,Recommended,312750,21122384,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"One of the most overated FF games to ever get a remodel. Well it is good, just not as good as most would say. It has voice overs now, and thats actually a nice addition. Plus it runs smooth as a butter in July. Buy it, play and beat it, and then go and play part 7, becuz we all know thats the best game of all time. Good soundtrack as well.7/10"
76561198088795322,Recommended,312750,29943954,Posted: 15 February,all,LunaBear,10/10 nostalgia trip with upgraded graphics
,Recommended,312750,19718900,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dude Jesse,This game makes me wish Square still made good RPG's.
76561198354210584,Recommended,312750,30891194,Posted: 1 April,all,MZMan185,"One of the best classic FF games. Great story, characters, and gameplay."
,Recommended,312750,21540652,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sedres,Classic JRPG. What's not to like?
,Recommended,312750,18862828,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pip,"Yeah, get it!"
76561198142276741,Recommended,312750,18467015,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,kersidio,"I disagree with the negative reviews of this game, for I thoroughly enjoyed it. My guess is people are forgetting this is an RPG from 1991, from when the RPG genre was still being pioneered. Deviating too far from the original would have ruined it. I found it to be a well-made remake of a beloved game from my childhood. If you played it as a child, or are interested in classic RPGs this version won't disappoint."
76561198192887059,Recommended,312750,25772503,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Big Mike,"DISCLAIMER: DO NOT PLAY ON HARD MODE IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST EXPERIENCE WITH THIS GAME.The game itself is okay, nothing special in my opinion. Characters are fairly bland without any real development to show throughout the story (Besides one major plot point early on). The world is certaintly interesting and varied, with a lot more to explore than just the one overworld.My main gripe with the game is just poor design choices that ultimately hinder the game.Quick Pros and Cons:Pros: Good port, stable (for me at least)World scale (feels big and varied)Plot is interesting and takes you on a pretty great adventureAUTOSAVE FUNCTION!Chocobo themeCons: Insanely low drop rate on rare itemsMissable augments that are arguably nessecary for the late game.A lack of chracter developmentNonsense plot moments that really don't serve any purposeWhy is everyone so ready to off themselves at a whim? These moments are cheap and often laughableDungeons lead you through the longest possible routes for unnessecary game paddingCharacters who leave the party DO NOT ALWAYS UNEQUIP THEIR ITEMS! (They are better stocked on return)Hard mode isn't just hard, it's cheap.Maybe if I played this game as a child I wouldn't be so critical of it, but other FF's hold up so much better than this one. The game is good, but certaintly not a shining pillar of the franchise. I've heard other iterations of FF4 are superior to this, however."
,Recommended,312750,12153451,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,HiddenSquid,ff2 for SNES... yes awsome... remake of the old game
76561198150964261,Recommended,312750,16198935,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,trevornick87,"love final fantasy IV one of my fave's of the series, diffently recommend you play this game"
76561197968446250,Not Recommended,312750,20710549,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Nemesis,"If you're feeling nostalgic about the original SNES title I suggest you get an emulator. This version is much harder and less forgiving. The graphics are neat and the voice-acting is fine. No (working) trainers and no cheats means you're grinding forever to level. I wanted to replay this game for the story and to experience it again, but it's just too much grinding to be worth my time."
76561198062459131,Recommended,312750,14397313,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Echelony,10/10 water looks realsitc -ign
,Recommended,312750,16653965,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fauxetrot,"Well, i mean, it, like, it has a good story and the characters are cool. .......................................................pfffffff....................................the gameplay is just as good, if not better, than other ff games of this type."
76561198251704672,Recommended,312750,18571836,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Arkmage,did not play until realease on steam. regretting missing out on this great rpg with great gameplay and a story that sounds like it was written by shakesphere.
,Recommended,312750,26936354,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Konzash,"2D version is better, but this is still worth it for fans of the classic titles."
,Recommended,312750,25297683,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im sorry eh,"Great story, and its a long♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198035192891,Recommended,312750,31478467,Posted: 30 April,all,midgkahn,"I may come off baised towards this game because I'm a big fan of the series but will try to review both good and bad for the game.I never played the original version so the handheld port to pc graphics didn't bother me. Also I loved that redone intro scene. Without spoiling things this one challanges you by locking the classes to specific characters. This means you have to be able to adapt and deal with what you have rather than always having what you want; minor inconvience but makes the game funner by challanging ya. The story line while different from the three before it, is similar to its predecessors. That would be my biggest complaint, the length of the game and the story.The game is decent length, average play through is about 30 hours. When combined with it feeling similar to the previous ones (just with a new cast) it feels lack luster at times. The upside to this is its easy to keep track of where you are and what you're doing if you have to put the game down for a while, unlike some of the later games in the series. Enjoyable but not gripping and driving. The option for a hard mode is nice but didn't really make to much of a noticable difference until towards the end.Other than that I really enjoyed the game. I liked the personalities and tinkering with the augments to achieve a better team. If you like RPGs, the Final Fantasy series, or games you can pick up/put down easy and get back into this is definitely your game. Final rating I would say 3 out 5 stars."
76561198364852233,Recommended,312750,31643295,Posted: 9 May,all,robert.erker,"I found this game to be very entertaining. Surprising I enjoyed the story, gameplay, and battles. Only gripe would be the augment system but everything else was great. 9.3/10."
76561198178531917,Recommended,312750,17313959,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dazer,"Good Game, Hard on some places since it's an old game but i liked that^^"
76561198178865482,Recommended,312750,23061356,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,davidjlbrownca66,I love this classic game and the newer modeling and character design is a true pleasure.It's a winner in my books.
76561198089176109,Recommended,312750,24270503,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ipatchi002,Yes.
76561197969457174,Recommended,312750,24330641,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Trux3d,great
,Recommended,312750,18583844,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nikita2337,Broke my controller because of the difficulty 10\10 would break more controllers
,Recommended,312750,24488032,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AngeLys,"One of my favorite Final Fantasy games ever. I absolutely love Rydia, and the whole story and gameplay. I am so glad it is available on PC. Recommending to anyone enjoying RPGs."
,Recommended,312750,24734177,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tschisi,Very nicely made remake it's all the same as the original just a *little* polished ^^Perfect to play while sitting at work ;)
76561198056458662,Recommended,312750,24883026,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,truechaos,i actually prefer the SNES version of this game.
76561198032600860,Not Recommended,312750,13862954,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Soloeus,"This was a great game back in the day.The battles in this version are slow and clunky.This is just a port of a port of the android version.Square Enix insults you with a cell phone version of the game running over an Emulator.The graphics are blocky and clunky, the characters look like weird bobblehead dolls that have minature feet and get wider as it makes its way to a big head.This version is vastly inferior and I cannot reccomend this game until they at least put in an option for Retro (SNES) graphics."
,Recommended,312750,17948346,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Guatemalan Insanity Pepper,"This is a port of a port of a remake of a game that came out butchered in 1991... and it is fantastic! This 3D remake does have quite a few new changes from the original 2D version, but for the most part it is the same game through and through. Everything holds up quite well, so both new players and veterans should equally enjoy this updated SNES classic."
,Recommended,312750,22749375,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,S4GONGO4,GG
76561198041441171,Not Recommended,312750,13875252,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Unknowngamer,"Framerate capped at 30 but the battles are only 15 fps.When/If they fix the framerate i'd say get it if your into the older rpgs,but till then def not worth 16 bucks."
76561198072378255,Not Recommended,312750,24876593,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sieghart,DO NOT buy this game. I've had several crashes and just recently after finishing the game during the ending cutscenes. I dont want to go to much into detail so i'll make it short. you're better off playing the SNES version since this version is basically a port of the mobile version with zoomed up screen to fit PC. game is unfair and better of saving like $16
,Recommended,312750,12690878,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ice-T [buut],best FF3nd best jrpg
76561198085518700,Not Recommended,312750,14778660,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Freyer,"This is an extremely lazy port of the mobile version of this game. The camera is extremely zoomed in relative to other versions of the game and essentially make it unplayable IMO. The battle menu is garbage and you can not save cursor position, so playing with ATB is broken. I've loved every version of this game, but this one is broken and it's insulting that they're charging $18 for a cheap mobile port. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,312750,28327715,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,huskobon,"54 Hours later, all the grinding, all the enjoyment. Would play all over again. Love this entry!"
,Not Recommended,312750,17405191,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Stolen!,Play it on another system!! It's not very good on PC.
76561197996551596,Recommended,312750,12406373,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Hekteur,Everyone needs at lleast 1 copy of FFIV. Get yours now!
,Recommended,312750,25710836,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NOOB,i love this gamei still rememmber an old past when still play on consoleand gonna cry when hear the theme song from this series
,Recommended,312750,13118719,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CoolFreakingName,"If you liked the GBA version, you will love this one even more. The updated graphics and voice acting are a big step from the original! It's a good game to get if you have or haven't played it before. A MUST for ANY Final Fantasy Fan!"
,Recommended,312750,23401847,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TadCooper,Not the best version of FF4 I've ever played but it's passable.
,Recommended,312750,20616127,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kira Yamato,NEGATIVE REVIEW WHEN I COULDN't FIND A PINK TAILPOSITIVE REVIEW WHEN I FOUND A PINK TAIL
76561198006362932,Recommended,312750,12935906,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Milkman_Dan,"Got a pink tail to drop on my 2nd Flan Princess battle, felt like I just won the lottery."
,Not Recommended,312750,20926784,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,paranoia,"This remake ruined the game. The last level is a grind fest for hours. All you do is constance fight bosses as regular emenies for about 4 hour without save points, HP or MP fill ups, or any sort of interesting interactions. This is a garbage remake."
,Recommended,312750,17804010,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Flyii,good game
76561198096574197,Not Recommended,312750,20016754,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gabba.01.mt,"This remake is absolute garbage. I've played previous versions of this game on both the PS1 and GBA and was enamored by them. But this...this ABOMINATION!!...is totally infuriating. Want to grind for some gold? Too bad, the drop is miniscule. Facing a boss that's 80% of your average party level? It's still gonna beat you within five turns. And yes, I'm not a fan of the graphics either. It seems like I'm playing a game with some serious lag. I loved the predecessors but the creators took a huge dump on this release and forgot to wipe!P.S.Am I allowed to swear?"
,Recommended,312750,18558782,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Toshiko,"While I did play through Final Fantasy IV before Final Fantasy VII was a thing, I will have to admit that I did so after playing through Final Fantasy VI. As such, this game has always felt disappointing to me by comparison, and very much overrated. It's a smaller game from a smaller team very early in its debuted console's lifetime, and this fact is more than apparent. Plot points happen purely because they're plot points, and not because of anything actually compelling. Character design is there, and sometimes a bit of personality comes through, but it's largely flat and even absurd.In the sprite-based versions of the game, I would even say that the gameplay is lacking, but the DS version that this (and Android and iOS) version is based off of improves it a bit. Bosses aren't quite as mindless a walk in the park anymore, which does wonders to keep things interesting. No more limited inventory space to curse at. Cutscenes with voice acting add a touch more personality, even if the in-game character models all look like they're dying of boredom. Okay, so it's still pretty corny, but it's at least less one-dimensional.Final Fantasy IV will never truly win me over, and The After Years really did nothing to help this case, but this is definitely my preferred version to play, and gets my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,312750,17057797,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Yung Padowan,pastrami
76561198018412763,Not Recommended,312750,14678185,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Dark Necros,Game unplayable. Need 30 fps fix for battle.
76561198157508815,Not Recommended,312750,19401236,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,grandautosnake,yeah id like a refund on my purchase right now soon as i bough the game it was lagging like hell and i couldnt even play it it was way too slow
,Not Recommended,312750,17094206,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,uncolober,"I'm not rating the game or even the remake here, I'm rating the port.GOOD:-- Runs natively.BAD:--By Jove is it ugly as sin.--By Jupiter is it clunky as hell.--While overworld and cutscenes run fine,battles seem to be capped at 15 or so FPS(I kid you not). The jerkiest animations I've seen in a while. It's eapecially jarring since the rest of the game is so much more fluid. They've been made for the 3DS, where the game could easily have been running at 15 frames, and they just kept it."
,Recommended,312750,31530198,Posted: 3 May,all,DrNick,"It is the first ""Final Fantasy"" as we know them, I liked it, it's a good remake, it has the advantages of a new way of tell the story which is OK. You could think that the story was finished in this game, but it's not, you must play the FFIV TAY..."
76561198018083635,Recommended,312750,34176764,Posted: 11 August,all,Toph,A nice smaller scale remake of a classic.
76561197974661829,Not Recommended,312750,17239215,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Not Eric,"I actually played 5 minutes of this game just to be able to post a review. Compared to the original, the visuals and voice acting are worse that reading text and dealing with Super Nintendo graphics. I'm just going to use an emulator if I feel like playing this game."
,Recommended,312750,28761115,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Chik Nuggs da Sequel,"This game is iconic, so if you're looking for some ""back in the day"" good old SNES RPG fun with a new graphics job and some slightly cheesey voice acting, this game is perfect for you.There's just enough new content to be interesting without ruining any of the core gameplay.Playing on hard is actually really freaking hard though!"
,Recommended,312750,12144093,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Lungkisser,"This is a competent port of what I believe to be the Android version. I've had a few minor glitches switching between menus too quickly and things like clipping into a doorway through the wall, but nothing major. There is some screen tearing, and no options for antialiasing (or anything but resolution, really) so that's a bummer.Audio and voice acting are great though!However, my biggest complaint is that the camera is just waaay too close to the character. If  you don't already know your way around, you might get lost without pulling up the very inconvenient map, which covers up the whole screen and is translucent. If I could just zoom back a bit and see as much as I could see on the SNES, that'd be amazing.However, for $16 this is still pretty great, so I recommend it."
76561197967605168,Not Recommended,312750,20926459,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,exile,The 3d makeover ruined it.
76561198081940107,Recommended,312750,12133298,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,yovandsum (BlindUmpire),"When I saw that Steam had Final Fantasy VII, VIII, XI, and XIV, and then added FF III, I was hoping that we would sooner or later get Final Fantasy IV, in my opinion the best in the series. And, now we do, My only complaint is that's it's the remake, honestly 3d is just horribly overrated. Some of the characters look ridiculous, but that's a very small price to pay for what I think was one of the best RPGs of the SNES era. It would have been far better if it had been in it's orginal 16bit glory, but  you take what you can get."
76561198030786844,Not Recommended,312750,13581694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,slcowden,I had played this game on SNES when I was significantly younger. I apreciate how they remastered the game and stayed true to the origional. The reason I do not recommend this game is there are several very weak moments in the story and dialogue which makes the game's plot feel rushed and unengaging.
,Recommended,312750,24981165,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Spook Rooster,rydia's breasts.
76561198008809799,Not Recommended,312750,20127740,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Troels,Someone wrote that this was a remake of FF3 from SNES.It very clearly isn't. The intro shows some characters from there which I knew and some I could not recongnise. It was only fair since it was more than a decade since i packed my SNES away. So I bought it and after playing for well over an hour I can say that thus far there is no resemblance between the storylines and that its not even very close.FF4 here might not be a bad game in itself but I have to say I got stuck in a desert and couldn't find a way out.I'm not going to play more than this I think. My apologies to the fans but this was not what I expected.
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,312750,14427450,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Big Daddy Nasty,"this game is way harder than the original even on easy , bosses take way longer to defeat like 10 - 20 try's before you win a battle cool game but original is way better"
,Not Recommended,312750,18819432,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Swagdonald,this game just isn't very good. It shows its age and I find the combat system boring. I guess if you're a die hard fan you'll like it.a
,Recommended,312750,28814009,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dudeman1107,Totally awesome port
,Recommended,312750,16271381,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,★Stylo★,"I hate this game. The graphics are like they're from a console. The gameplay sucks, and all the kids die."
,Not Recommended,312750,23910458,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HalfNHalf,"It's a shame;  This game has not stood the test of time, even with the graphics revamp.In light of the many games later in the series, this story seems juvenile and hacked together.  As a pure fantasy with no pre-emptive thought, it's a pretty far stretch to accept the characters and plot points.  The dialogue is shallow, the macguffins and plot twists are campy and numerous, and I really don't feel like there's any internal character development or, oftentimes, explanation. Especially for bosses, a lot of them are purely foil characters who are interesting, but have no reason to be there other than to be an obstacle.The gameplay is tedious compared to the systems of the Newer franchise installments, and I found grinding to be both more necessary and more tiresome.  I found no joy in reliving the extra hours of walking back and forth to get into fights.  Luckily, the Auto-Fight feature allowed me to level crunch in parallel with some of my house chores.If you played this in the past and have fond memories of it, I'll warn you now: Let them stay memories.  They won't be relived if you're at all lucid for a new playthrough, today."
76561198030751248,Recommended,312750,26305259,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,pacati,"I'm not sure what a Nintendo DX is, but I've solved this game at least 5 times on the SNES.  Given the character models look awful to me in the screenshots, I went in with very low expectations.The scenery graphics are actually pretty good (if you run at 1024x768 in a window).  The music is Nobou Uematsu's, but it's been re-recorded with different instruments.  If you hate the sound of old video game music, you'll appreciate the update.  To me it lacks the charm of the original SNES music.In nearly every way playing this game on a Windows SNES port app like SNES9X is better, but if you've played that version more than 5 times, the fresh approach is so nice that this port is one to recommend.I'd recommend it to women, too.  All the characters look like girls and girls seem to like that."
76561198031190155,Not Recommended,312750,13421590,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Zenuge,"This game is a slightly easier, somewhat enhanced version of the original, which I thought, ""Great! Old school JRPG time sink to casually plod through."" While it is indeed still a bit difficult, I ran into my first freeze bug, which occurs randomly when the game is closing a dialogue box. This happened multiply times, once during a cutscene after a big boss fight, and now again, right at the end of another big boss fight. I was looking forward to sitting down and getting a good 30, 40 hours out of the game, but the consistent freezing up during pivotal moments has me putting this one back on the steam self till it gets patched. Stick with the original guys, this should be pulled till it's fixed."
76561198064886574,Recommended,312750,13826098,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Toadkiller Dog,MOST DEF SON.
,Not Recommended,312750,12145481,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Kermode Bear,"Hey guys, Square Enix here!We're going to re-release Final Fantasy 4 on the PC! We'll update the graphics and the music and everything! It will be AMAZING!Instead of being able to see most of a room, let's zoom the camera in REALLY CLOSE so that the player can only see 3 tiles around his character! And the music? Instead of making it really good, let's make it sound like a 1980s Casio keyboard!Oh and lets make the art assets really pixelated, because all the kids are into that these days, and don't forget to have severely out of proportioned character models. The heads can never be too big!Voice acting, yeah we can throw that in too. It will be a great selling point. The players will really love the completely uninspired, stiff reading of those lines!The fragments of all of those shattered expectations and the tears of those who remembered FF IV in a good way will be so delicious!On a more serious note, I cannot recommend this port of FF IV. FF IV has a great story, memorable characters, and a lot of play time, but do yourself a favor: Go find the SNES version and play that. It's a far superior product despite being about 20 years old by now."
,Not Recommended,312750,30050578,Posted: 19 February,all,Wildboy Wiley,"Final Fantasy IV on PC allows for high resolutions (1920x1080 144Hz), but then during actual gameplay, the game is capped at 30 Frames per second, while in battles, it's capped down to 15 frames per second, visually you can see this, and honestly the game is just clunky."
,Recommended,312750,19944566,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Generic Player,positive
76561198007023939,Not Recommended,312750,12250236,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Autumn Dust,"Do I recommend this game: Not here I don't Cecil looks like he has Boobs. Kain too, and they chose poorly the voice actors for both characters. Rydia is smiling even as she cries over the body of her dead mother. Rosa suddenly looks like she stepped off of a porn movie set. It's as if whoever did this remake just Rule 34'd the whole thing. Admittedly I only played for just over an hour, but this is a very very bad remake for that 1 hour. If you can, play the original instead, or even the playstation version. but not this. Unless you just want to perv on Rosa. Or if it suits your fancy, Perv at Cecil and Kains Man-Boobs."
,Not Recommended,312750,28309319,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Coco,Go play snes version.
,Not Recommended,312750,29939906,Posted: 15 February,all,Jão,"Buy Android version, not the pc port, because its basicaly the same only crappyThis port is Broken, randomly crashes, and again its same as android version"
,Not Recommended,312750,12183579,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,NetEnemyWomb,I saw the tag remake and bought it on the spot like a fool. The remake was actually on the nintendo ds which was then ported to android/iOS and then ported to PC.If you are looking for a good old school rpg get Phantasy Star 4 and avoid this pos.
76561198063920595,Not Recommended,312750,33063704,Posted: 30 June,all,Egres122,"This game grated me. Yes, I know this was a revolutionary game in the past and has it's fans today. Well so was Super Mario Bros and Sonic and playing those games now bring joy rather than annoyance. I could go on a tirade about how grinding in single player games is not fun, but I'll leave it at this. It became apparent that in order to beat the final boss of the game who performs an one shot AOE attack even with defensive buffs (which he can remove), I would need to grind for hours. I didn't have the patience, so I watched the ending on YouTube."
76561198135952022,Not Recommended,312750,30618938,Posted: 19 March,all,Mage_Man.1842,"would not recommend, game doesn't work with my PC game controller."
76561198027515030,Not Recommended,312750,25773574,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,rendrake,"They ruined it.The 16bit version is aesthetically less objectionable.Also, why are all the male protagonists so effeminate?"
76561198010708806,Not Recommended,312750,12165542,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ChuKoe,"Interface is poor and the game is very slow. The controls are very clumsy. It is nice that the is in 3d now and the environments are recreated. Random battles will annoy you to no end, however. I think you would be better off downloading an snes emulator and getting the old rom. It would have slightly less frustration in the controls and you could turn off the random battles (you cannot with this game)."
76561198087053719,Not Recommended,312750,31907041,Posted: 22 May,all,Farquad4[ThePontifexOfFE8],I know that I haven't played many Final Fantasies and I like the story but here's what I dont get. People say the combat in FF 2 was horrible.To me after about ten minutes of 4 on PC i thought the combat in FF 4 i horrendous as well. I didnt play when it came out so I don't have the nostalgia like some but this combat is slow even when the battle speed is up the enemies get in tons of shots after you heal and the first boss deals tons of damage bc you leap in midair the boss turns into mist and you cant cancel your leap.You spend so much time worrying about timing you cant ever safely use abilities for fear it will take too long.Great story but not fun combat I'm starting to think its overrated and is reall just as bad as 2. I want a refund
76561198254923900,Recommended,312750,19207968,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kyo Uzuki,this is the verison from the DS which is known for being harder boss wise then the. nes or gba of psone verisons. i loved this game and it is worth the buy if you are willing to do alot of leveling cause it is a good buy and one of the good final fantasy games.
76561198141124365,Recommended,312750,19272537,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chubby Ebichu,Very fun to play. It reminds me of the good old days
,Recommended,312750,18958528,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Redditor,Nice.
76561198129574600,Recommended,312750,19507897,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Artorias,"My favorite Final Fantasy game of all time and the game that got me into the series (Eventhough I played 8 and 6 before playing 4) great story , great music , great gamePeople may have some issues with the graphical style but I personally dont mind it"
76561197973014470,Recommended,312750,19631161,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Robo Jones,"A rather great port based on the DS remake of FF IV, thought the fights run at 15 FPS while the rest of the game is at 60FPS which can be jarring"
,Recommended,312750,20156921,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,NESGamepro,"I got this game the day it came out on SNES, it was so fun and quirky. This version loses some of the quirkiness but makes up for it by being the definitive translation of the game. It really pulls together a lot of the story that was lost in the translation of the original. Even including scenes that were completely missing or so poorly translated that they turned a monologue into a single sentence.I really like all the extra features, some were cut from the original (summons) and some were additions from the DS version (augments). They make an old game that was at times a slog into a smooth experience. There are a lot of reviews bashing the graphics but of all Final Fantasy remakes I've played I think it was done best here. The characters are cuter but just as expressive and they never stray too far from the original design, the world design looks fantastic in my opinion. The menus are clearly designed for smart phone and took some time to get used to, that was my biggest issue.So many people praise the PSP version but in my opinion it was the absolute worst, the translation of it is highly inaccurate and includes lots of modern references and cringe worthy memes. The extras there don't make up for how awful the rest is. This is the version to get.FF4 is my favorite of all the old school FF's and I really enjoyed playing it again, this version adds plenty of new that kept me hooked and plenty of old that kept me nostalgic. You don't need nostalgia to enjoy it though."
76561198073092131,Not Recommended,312750,20163414,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jackie the cuddler,this game is unbalanced to the point where it is physically infuruiating the random encounters are so easy they put you to sleep while the bosses can be so incredibly difficult the make you want to tear your own hair out. Long story short if you want to play an amazing RPG this is not the place you are going to find it. Play a different final fantasy or RPG if you are dead set on this one play the original version on some free website instead of wasting your hard earned money on this sad confused remake.
,Recommended,312750,16907358,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Raffe,"This was a pleasant surprise. Not the best re-make ever, but much better than most.Pros:New literal translation from Japanese.Original SNES area maps, complete with secrets.Classic JRPG game with new indie-style art.Hard mode is actually challenging.Works with a steam-configured generic controller.Cons:Uneven art direction during the first 15 minutes.A few engine glitches during scene changes.Very amateur-looking battle menus.Mist Dragon looks very uninspiring.Translation: while I don't speak Japanese, comments from a professional translator lead me to believe that this is quite a literal translation of the original Japanese script. It's not the same as the US SNES release, and I haven't seen any frat-boy jokes yet. All good so far. Note that the English SNES release did change the story in some small ways, whereas this tends to keep Japanese cultural references.The maps appear to be 3D tile renderings of the original SNES tile maps, complete with secret areas. This is good news because those old-school game designers sure knew how to make compelling explorable areas.The art style is uneven to begin with, featuring a modern FMV, the in-game graphics, and two different styles of concept art. This doesn't make a great first impression, but once you get into the game things settle down. Be prepared for some cognitive dissonance when you first meet Rydia. The new 3D pixel art has its own charm. You'll get used to it, I promise. Some of the re-modelled bosses look pretty ordinary though.Gameplay: this is very close to the original SNES game, with a few new features. The battle menus are frustratingly unresponsive, and look terrible. They look copied and pasted from a mobile release. Whoever made them has no appreciation for font sizing and use of space. You'll spend a lot of time waiting, and then frantically fighting the menu interface to enter commands.TL;DR: if you're sick of re-makes that suck out all the original gameplay and charm, try this version. It's not half bad (only around 20%)"
76561198060921421,Recommended,312750,16861015,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Princess Molestia,"It's a number of little things that really irritate me, and over time, it has really disappointed me.  I still recommend the game for FFIV newcomers, and for those who don't have PSPs or GBAs (or their emulators) but us returning players will find several issues.As other reviewers have said, this is a port of the Android version of the game, which is itself a port of the DS Version.  Why they didn't simply port the 25th Anniversary Edition on the PSP, which was a) better-looking, b) higher-performance, c) more stable, and d) had more stuff, I have no idea.This leads to many small issues that can, at times, seriously impact play.  For instance, whenever I'm at a shop and back out, sometimes the screen will go completely black, except for a small corner in the bottom right.  I fix it by opening the game menu, but it's still a very common and annoying problem.  The same thing occurs when I use any kind of item that features an animation in the World Map (such as Tents or cottages, or Emergency Exits), except this one does it all the time instead of only part of the time.  It's especially egregious with Sirens, because it will automatically pop back up only when it's one of your party members' turns to attack.  If you get Back Attacked or Surprise, you're outta luck unless you survive.  And for those of us who are trying to farm Pink Tails from Flan Princesses, we're boned if our entire party gets berserked (which should never happen if we're smart).There is also another glaring bug.  Sometimes, while using a controller, my directional input will ""hold,"" as if on the DS I were holding said directional input down.  It does this for several seconds, always varying in length, and sends the party either running in a direction I don't want them to go, or it scrolls through menu options over and over, sometimes in battle, making it hard to fight back.  The only fix I've found is to open the start menu (not the characters menu, but the Pause menu), hit the button opposite the one that is being held, and then hit the one that's being held.  This should unstick it (it has for me, at least).The game itself also runs capped at 30FPS, which while understandable for an Android port of a DS game, I feel it is completely unacceptable for a game this small on PC.  Surely you could have taken the extra time to ensure smooth movement.  It's even worse in battles, where it's capped at 15FPS, which definitely is jarring on at least my eyes.This being said, the game overall is alright.  The story is engaging, the DS's music is top-notch (what else would you expect of Uematsu?), and the game is challenging.  It's more difficult than other versions of IV, as the DS version is widely-considered to be the hardest of the lot, but that makes for great value for us returning players.  The ATB in this iteration aged like milk where the rest of the game aged like wine, but there's only so much you can do about that when you consider ATB was an experiment in this game.  The characterization is strong as well.  Now, the character polygons could use some better polishing (again, understandable given it's a port of a port).HOWEVER...As I play through the game, I find a number of things that really are starting to detract from it.  Especially given that this is a game on the PC.  A port, yes, but still a PC game.  The big one is that, as far as I can tell, there is no bonus dungeon.  The GBA and PSP versions has the Lunar Ruins, and the mobile versions had the EX Dungeon.  As the iOS app does not have said dungeons, they were not included on PC.  Unacceptable.  PC has room for more memory and power than the iOS version, and as such, all bonuses that appear on other systems should be included here.  All we get is a New Game+ that basically lets us keep playing the story over and over.  I believe I can't even change my party members for the final battle either, which is also disappointing, as that is a feature easily implemented (as is the above).tl;dr:  If you're a new player of FFIV or you don't have a PSP and/or can't download a Gameboy Advance Emulator and ROM, I recommend it, as it is essentially the old game with a polished look and a bit harder, but it comes with its fair share of distractions.  If you're a returning player, save your money and get the PSP or GBA versions instead (assuming you have a PSP or can download a GBA emulator and FFIV Advance ROM).  They come with everything this game comes with, save for achievements and augments, the first of which you can live without, and the second of which only slightly impacted gameplay for me.This being said, my earlier score was 7.5/10 as I just entered, before I found all of the missing stuff and distractions.  Now, after experiencing it all and with the experience of other versions of the game, I cannot rate it that high, and lower it to 6.5/10."
,Recommended,312750,16947086,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,xsleepypanda,"- This game is based off the DS version, so it introduces the augment system which will save your life if used correctly.- The game is time based (just like most final fantasy games).  It's not turn based like Final Fantasy X.- This game is an RPG, expect a long story.-  It will take you awhile to beat this game.  Maybe around 30-40 hours if it's your first time- This game doesn't really pay much focus to humor.  Want some?  Play Final Fantasy VI, or VII.- This game has fixed classes.  It's not a game where you can be any class you want (like Final Fantasy III)This game is a decent final fantasy game.  It could be the case that you grew up with this game when it first came to the US translated as Final Fantasy II.  If you did play the original version, I recommend reliving the story with this 3D version of the game."
,Recommended,312750,16830687,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Denis Levesque,"Love this game, it's challenging, unlike most of the entries in the series. The original FF4 in NA was known as ""Easy Type"", having its difficulty dumbed down from the japanese version. This game (the DS version) is a lot more difficult than even the original japanese version ! You have to use spells you rarely had to use, like slow, haste and reflect even for some normal encounters. Other than that, FF4 is the first game in the series to have a very good narrative, with memorable characters and events, as opposed to the previous ""Light warriors vs. evil emperor"" stories. The music is also very good as usual, particularly the battle themes. The only downside are the pixelated 3d models, as this game was originally for the DS. Looks a bit off on a 1920/1080 screen."
76561197990037766,Recommended,312750,17668927,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,steelelfknight,Always a classic and always a great game to replay.
,Recommended,312750,18119376,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,JoeBot64,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ TABLET PORT OF A DS PORT!The control scheme is straight from a tablet. Serious if it was like the original version then not a big deal. Other wise it's  Final Fantasy 4 DS, which is a great 3D upgrade for a classic. If you can stand the controls then it's still worth a play."
76561198218285677,Recommended,312750,18137210,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,intothelight35,I love it! Brings back so many memories of my childhood. This was the first rpg I ever played including my first final fantasy game when I was only five years old. I believe they done a spectacular job and would rate it five stars!
76561198035351179,Recommended,312750,18101594,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ZaNdAlOr-02,"What can i say about Final fantasy IVOne of the greatest games of the Snes gaming era. This in my oppinion is where the Final fantasy story started to get great. A large group of memorable characters , locations and an amazing soundtrack. This game is also the first final fantasy to feature 4 characters in battle. This version is much more difficult than the original releases of FF IV so keep that in mind. If you like Final fantasy then buy this game you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,312750,18106238,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Megawarui,"I love the port, sadly after updating my graphic driver the V-Sync is all messed up on full screen, just wish there was a way to fix that."
,Recommended,312750,16122815,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fleppie,"If you accept what it is, namely a port of the DS remake of the original Final Fantasy 4...and you have a soft spot for the old school Final Fantasies, then this one is right up your alley.I already own this on the DS, but re-bought it for the ability to play it in HD and get some achievements too. :) I like the cut-scenes they added as well the new/old school graphics. The story is still awesome.Highly enjoyable for any Final Fantasy fan."
76561198065913373,Recommended,312750,16126216,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Batman's Giant Penny,"This game is very buggy.  After buying items from a shop, the screen goes black until the menu is opened.  When using a tent, the screen goes black until the menu is opened.  Great game otherwise, but if you are hesitant, at least wait until the next patch comes out, if it ever does."
,Recommended,312750,15766271,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,HippeusOmega,A Classic game that can still draw me in to play. Lost count of how many times I've beaten this game.
76561198045861816,Recommended,312750,16374437,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tekenu,Love the SNES version. This remake stays true to the original and only makes changes for the better.Highly recommanded if you're a fan of FFIV (SNES).
,Recommended,312750,16405450,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,kyrei,"The game that got me into the series.  It has been a love of mine for many years, I remember doing speed runs of the game in my teen years.  It easily ranks as my favorite game of any, and I would recommend the title to anyone who has not played it, familiar with the series or not.  This iteration is a port of the DS version, but appears to be missing some optional content(Rydia's companion summon being the most noteable).  I was never a huge fan of the DS version, the augment system aggrivates me.  I would have been much happier with a port of the GBA version and its expansive bonus content.For all its flaws, however, I still enjoy it."
76561198042788006,Recommended,312750,16463840,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,JAD Pale Horse,"One of my all time favorites for the old SNES.  I was happy to see the game updated with better graphics.  Storyline is phenomenal, and the game is all around enjoyable!"
76561198025318338,Recommended,312750,16465038,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Master EVOPK,"Probably my favorite FF Game from SquareEnix this port of the DS version to the computer is worth any price, Just don't get to attached to any party members...and I mean ANY Of YOUR PARTY MEMBERS!"
76561198066134935,Recommended,312750,16470119,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Golden Dragon Rider,"FFIV was one of the first games I ever played handheld (the other Pokemon Emerald) and so when I saw it on PC I had to buy it. I just finished it tonight, because I have a habit of leaving games unfinished -_-). I'm not a game reviewer, but I can tell you, I had a lot of fun with it. I wish it contained the extra features that the advance version on GBA had like being able to customize the party before the final dungeon and more ultimate weapons. At times there are clippings of textures, but nothing that takes away from the overall game experience. 7/10."
,Recommended,312750,16474943,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rivis666,"Great classic port, other than the 3d remake."
76561198011352496,Recommended,312750,16201140,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Slade The Ninja Rat,"Very good port of the DS remake done in the last decade.Holds up pretty well as a classic JRPG with voice acted cutscenes, adoreable graphics which feels like the 2D snes sprites are in 3D sort of like 3D dot game heroes on PS3 or Minecraft.Cutscenes and most animations (summons included) run at 60fps on my 2.4ghz laptop.There are 2 save options in this game.Quicksave lets you do a save and quit the game so you can return precisely at the point you last were but when you reload your save file you have to save again otherwise you will lose data since your last ""True Save"".And you have the standard true save which you are all used to.The story and old school turnbased combat of this game is the best in the retro era of this series.Only negative I can give is ""Do not try to change your name when you meet Namingway the moogle- if your using a 360 controller or any other USB controller because you cannot switch to keyboard controls to type and this is the only feature where typing is used and this is an optional and easy event to evade"".Should mention that if you ever close the game prematurely or die at boss fights you instantly respawn few steps back before the event so that way you can prepare to sort out any cursed allies and wear the correct items to win or set up a winning stragety.recomend hard mode even if you haven't played this game because the original normal mode is too easy with no effort while hard mode will force you to use tatics to win."
76561197990135651,Recommended,312750,13232857,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,rman 37,"Having done more to diagnose the previous issue, now am having no problems with the game. That said, this FF title really isn't my cup of tea, but it does have merit non the less. That said, FF fans should at least give it a shot."
76561198186900585,Recommended,312750,18278893,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zandar88,"This classic game has New features, great graphics and some nice cut scenes added. The only thing I didn't care for was that You cannot re organize your spells like in the original, makes it harder to quickly access the spells you want."
,Recommended,312750,17952342,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JDP,"Final Fantasy 4 is very easily my favorite Final Fantasy game, and one of my favorite RPGs in general. It was the first RPG I can actually remember going through as a kid, although I know I played the original Dragon Warrior/Quest years prior to playing it. As such, this is a game I will very happily replay every time I have an excuse to such as a re-release, or souped up version. So how does this one match up?This version is a ported version of the iPhone port, which in itself is a port of the version designed for the Nintendo DS. It retains most of the functionality of the DS version with a couple of tweaks both good, and not good. The good is that the text is a bit much easier to read than the stylized text they originally used in the GBA, and DS versions of the game. However, that may have more to do with the tiny size of the screen you had to use at the time to play it. The graphics are 3D rather than sprites, and while they look alright - the depth of field and the closer view at the characters makes things look a little wonky at times. Nothing that makes the game unplayable, but still hard to not notice.The Big Chocobo minigames from the DS version have been removed. Rather than earning the augment for doing these games, you instead have to go hunting for a group of summoned monsters that have left the Feymarch. Thankfully, this isn't all that difficult. You get hints as to where they may be, and you can go get them at your leisure. Overall I'd consider this a positive change as the minigames I barely even remember, meaning they would have simply been busy work I didn't care about.An odd change involves using an equipped item in battle. Originally you were able to go into your items menu and simply push up to access your item. Now this only gives you a prompt to change which item you have equipped. Instead you have to manually go into your abilities and change your Attack command to a Rod or whatever. This is mostly annoying simply because you'll be doing it for the mages, such as young Rydia, who basically needs it to do any degree of damage without killing her mana pool immediately. It'd have been a little less bad if there was some sort of thing in the game hinting towards doing it this way, but alas.The biggest negative to the game is actually not specific to this version, as it originated in the DS version. There are a series of rare items. This isn't the negative. The negative is that they are so rare that you have a better shot of winning the lottery than you do at getting them to drop. If it were one, or two items this wouldn't be nearly as bad as it is. However, you have Rainbow Pudding which is required to progress the Namingway quest chain at around the midway point of the game. You have the four hidden summons for Rydia. Then you have Pink, Black, Red, Blue, Yellow, and Green tails to get the Adamant Armor, and Onion Equipment sets. That makes ELEVEN seperate items with the extremely crazy 0.04% drop. This is very tedious at best, and not at all fun. Thankfully, for the most part these things are optional. However, you'll absolutely want an Adamant Armor for the two hidden bosses. Hell, you'll want a couple of them more than likely. The Onion Equipment is alright for leveling, but I wouldn't consider it really worth the effort required. The summons aren't very strong at all and you'll only use them just to see what they do (although Cockatrice is good for stuff weak to stone). If you neglect the pudding, you'll miss out on at least three seperate augments in the chain following it.Another minor negative is that this version doesn't feature the bonus dungeon, and the ability to swap around your final party that you have in the GBA and PSP versions. This is the clearest example this is just a straight port of the DS/iOS version. I can't really count it as a true negative since it wasn't in the DS version either, but still a shame.Still, in spite of those negatives the game is still a good experience all around. Those who found the DS version too difficult will like that there is a slightly easier difficulty option as well. I recommend the game, but be aware of what this version actually is in advance."
76561198055440933,Recommended,312750,18245437,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mr Bond,"I wrote a negative review of this game back when it first launched due to the low fps, well this mod pretty much fixes it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=436082829"
76561198059682274,Recommended,312750,17984969,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,DeltaPhoenixHawk,FFIV... a game that stole my heart years ago and still does each and every time I play it. I mean how can you NOT love this game? A knight who uses dark powers trying to be a hero to the lands. Friends... take it from someone who has played a lot of Final Fantasy games... IV is one of the best ones ever made... Now.. if only they would put VI on Steam as well dag nab it!
76561198166029276,Recommended,312750,18688918,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kaega,"This is one of my favourite games of all time!I've played about every version you can find. The original SNES, a translated Japanese Super Famicom ROM, PS1 version, GBA version, and I've played the DS version which this is based from. Haven't played the PSP version, heard it was a polished version.If you're a fan of the original and are wondering if this is worth trying as an upgrade, I definitely recommend it.If you're trying to choose between this version and the DS version, get the DS version. Most of my positives are specific to the 3D remake overall, where most of my negatives will be directed to the PC port+ This game is hard! Yeah, I put that as a positive. This version gives the option of an Easy mode, something that isn't available in the DS version. The original was hard for a Final Fantasy game (except the original SNES) but you really have to use your tactics in this one. But this allows you to exploit tactics that were practically considered cheating in the original. The extra augments really help too.+ Lush 3D environments really bring out the mood of the game+ The voice acting is pretty good. I wish there was more of it. Some of the longer scenes are really sped up due to the fact you don't have to drudge through the text+ New Game Plus - I don't think I need to say more- Your characters can't use as many weapons in the original. This affects the DS version as well. There are two specific parts of the game where this bugs me.When your'e going into the Dark Elve's cave, I would always equip Cecil with a bow and arrow and put him in the back row. Instead now they has supplied three elemental daggers that have 5 attack. Now I just make him a healerThe other is after you get Edge, in the original I would use Yang's claws with edge when I knew I was fighting particular elemental enemies. This provided a large advange, but is no longer available.- Graphics are the same as the DS. This is the PC, at the very least why couldn't you update the textures? The higher resolution makes it a little better, but still. I would like to have seen a more polished game- Controls are crap - I believe this comes from it being a port of the Android/IOS versions. This is NOT an issue in the DS version. I use a controller to navigate menus, and there is constantly a problem with the cursor not moving when you press a direction, or it going too far. I can't count how many times I press back to multi-target, just to have it go past multi-target and target the last party member or enemyThe enemies or party members come up in a list, and you always move up/down to move through them. Sometimes it's hell when you want to target someone who you usually wouldn't target (ie: beserk on an enemie). This was also not an issue in the DS versionThis last issue may just be an issue with my controller, I haven't seen anyone else report it. But I don't have this problem with any other gamesSometimes when pressing a direction or button my game would continue to act like I was pressing it when I let go. The issue would not fix it's self until I pressed it againFor example. I might be pressing up and when I let go my character/cursor would keep going up until I pressed up again. Really annoying.Out of all the issues I had, the controls was the only one that made me reconsider whether I should have bought this game. I'm still recommending the game, but please take this into consideration before buying.And as I said in the beginning, if you have a chance to get the DS version instead, I recommend buying that version instead"
,Recommended,312750,18514847,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,etaylor8,This has been a favorte since the days of the SNES.  It defines classic in every since of the word.
,Recommended,312750,12271653,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DᕱᏒКᎩ,best final fantasy of all time one of my favs
,Recommended,312750,12412371,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ultima_Aeon,"One of my all time favourites of the Final Fantasy series right after X. The story is so immersive and intense as you'd expect, much better than some of the others. The characters and their stories and adventures they will take you on will ensure many feels. The gameplay and amount of things you can do is endless and of course, hours of grinding for some items and rares but they're VERY VERY much worth it. There's actually a few things they've added into the game I never EVER noticed before after the countless playthoughs I did originally. If you've never played Final Fantasy, I would highly recommend buying this one as you will be doing lots of extras playthoughs to get all the augments on everone and lots and lots of fun. So great to be able to play this on a big screen too I might add."
,Recommended,312750,12297300,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kelpy G,"Well, You can't say much about the game that hasn't already been said.You play as Cecil, A black knight with an identity crisis. That's pretty much it.Anyways, the game is a port of the DS version and Android version, so...8/10"
,Recommended,312750,12368354,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LifeSiphon,"This is a good port, of a questionable port, of a perfect remake of a great game...For those that don't know what I mean. I mean this:This game is a near perfect port (to PC) of the, questionable port FF4 made to Phones (For the FF fan on the go! *wink*), of the DS masterpiece that is the Final Fantasy 4 remake/remaster.The only downside is the battle menu, limited to three buttons before needing to scroll the menu down, due to it being a phone port (and their screen size compared to the size of a PC monitor), but if you can overcome this little draw back you will find no game better to pass the time than this."
76561198068290094,Recommended,312750,12371936,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Cidolfus Orlandeau,"Although this version is a port from the Android, it still makes for a good port. The battles are locked at 15 frames per second, which can be a little jarring at first, but you get used to it, there will be a patch that fixes this that should be out soon. For now, This issue can be somewhat fixed if you set the battle speed at the fastest. The battle system in this is good, the way its set up is that you really need to decide what you do next in a strategic manner. The characters are somewhat memorable, you actually feel bad if something tragic happens to them, I just wish there were more voice acted cutscenes. The voice cast does a great job of capturing some emotional scenes. The music score is top notch, its an FF game what did you expect? The graphics are somewhat washed out, but its a port from the android so I wont be too harsh on it for that. The game has a lot of achievements, there are achievements that you can't get in one whole playthrough, so for all the achievement hunters out there, this is a good game.Overall a good game, and one you should pick up. My score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,312750,12163481,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Arten,"Though it doesn't hold a candle to the original, it's worth a playthrough if your an FF4 fan."
,Recommended,312750,12254989,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Plifet,"Final Fantasy IV for the PC is an awkward game to recommend. Technically, this game is a near-direct port of the Nintendo DS version (the only difference is the image resolution). The biggest killer, I suppose, is the framerate lock: battles are locked at fifteen frames-per-second; overworld and town movement is locked at thirty. But, setting these detriments aside, the core game of Final Fantasy IV is still here and it is absolutely amazing. You, the player, gets to experience Cecil's journey of redemption in its entirety in a manner that's new, yet familiar. If you have played the game before, this game is still worth purchasing for replaying an awesome JRPG (sort of; $16 for a semi-half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port is a bit much). And, if you haven't played Final Fantasy IV yet, this is a very good way to play it."
,Recommended,312750,12228263,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"Final Fantasy IV is a great game. No wonder it's regarded as one of the best of the series.This version is a port of the mobile version, which was a port of the DS version, which was a HD remake of the GBA version, which was a remake of the SNES version, so chances are that you already played this game in some form. It's still basically the same game, but with small tweaks in gameplay.Despite being locked into 15 FPS and being low-poly, it looks nice and it's light on the computer. The really important aspect, the game itself, is what you would expect of a remake of a decades old game to age better in current times. You don't have to grind so much and you have the New Game Plus if you want to really perfect your run. You also get to see more cutscenes than you had on the older versions. Not only that, the translation this time is much better.I enjoyed it quite a lot."
76561198017683658,Recommended,312750,12228601,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Relan McStone,"For those of you who enjoy the old Final Fantasy games, this has a lot to offer. This is basically the DS version of the game, available for PC, and with a few extra little tweaks."
,Recommended,312750,12334015,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tweak,"I'm not going to write a full review because I've never played this game before and only have spent a little time with it. What I do want to say for the time being is that I do not feel the graphics snobs out there are justified in their criticisms of the frame rate.While it may be true that I am older, grew up with the atari and understand quite well how to love a good game without being bothered by how it looks, I simply cannot say that the combat looks as bad as others led me to believe. I am very glad that I took my chances and ignored them because the game is perfectly enjoyable as it is."
76561198048550423,Recommended,312750,14539351,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,JBelmont,"This is an absolutely fantastic game, but not a fantastic port. I had a few instances of slowdown during my playthrough, both during cutscenes and gameplay. In regards to the gameplay, the fact that you need to use the map constantly, yet when it is open it covers the entire screen, is not my favorite thing. It obstructs the scenery! This is not a problem in the Nintendo DS port, since the map is on a separate screen, and the game runs very smoothly. I would highly recommend getting the DS version over this port, but if that is not an option, then this version will still do the job. It is one of if not the best of the Final Fantasies out there."
76561198193683727,Recommended,312750,16056870,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,reversepolarity 진리탐구자,"I've played just about every iteration of this game since I first got it for the SNES back in about 1991 if memory serves. Back then it was called Final Fantasy II. This game has great nostalgic value for me as it captivated me during my childhood and the engrossing story and gameplay kept me coming back for more over the years. While I did play the first Final Fantasy released for the original NES as a child, this is the one that really hooked me for the Final Fantasy series and for RPGs in general.This game is a classic in all respects that a classic should adhere too. Play this updated version for steam and try your hand at the original SNES/Super Famicom version and make your own judgments."
,Recommended,312750,15881098,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"So I took my time and spent 35 hours completing the game the first time around. If you're a fan of Final Fantasy, and of FFIV/II then you should definitely pick this up. Decent voice acting, Nintendo DS level of graphics, replay value and new Augment system makes for a nostalgic play with newer generation (from the SNES, that is) bonuses.The story is amazing, so much so I've been playing around with the idea of turning the thing into a TV series it has so much depth. Family turmoil, death, planetary annihilation, moon whales, ninjas, monks, underworlds, airships, Cid, Chocobos, Light vs. Darkness, redemption of the soul, true love, the moon... Seriously, how does FFVII even hold a candle to this and FFVI? Oh yeah, graphics...Anyways, if you can stomach the grind of random battles, love a great story with relatable and rememberable characters and/or want to kick it old school or buy something for a younger gamer looking to get into RPG's; then Final Fantasy IV is what you've been looking for.TL;DR : Get the goddamn game and add it to your collection if for no other sake than to have all the Final Fantasy games and just be happy the voice acting is better on this than the first Resident Evil and there's no game crashing bugs to infuriate you."
76561198131904111,Recommended,312750,15876309,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,kamikaze9699,"The Operatic storyline is one of the main draws to the title, ripe with themes of honor, redemption, vengeance, love, and family bonds. Although still partially kiddiefied (nowhere near as bad as the original release), the mix of fantasy and sci-fi elements still holds up today. Gameplay wise, the Augment system adds a bit of depth and customization to the static character types, and the game has been rebalanced, making some areas easier an a couple bosses harder than earlier ports. For completionists, this game makes it feel worthwhile to 100%, especially with the challenge of the  bonus bosses and extra items/augments collected via replaying the game."
76561198030534445,Recommended,312750,13776830,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,smoye008,"Even with a few nitpiks with the graphic models for the characters, the game is great. I've never had a chance to play the original on SNES as I was too busy playing Mario Cart and Mario All-Stars at the time. The gameplay is great and an imporvement over the third installment with the timer. The story involves several Final Fantasy tropes but is still enjoyable as is the dialog and the words ""Spoony Bard"" still make me laugh. Only complaint other than the character models might be in that we get this cool opening scene but the other cut scenes are using the chibi models.Overall, I love this game."
76561198114270070,Recommended,312750,15317353,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Shadow Midnight,Great game that feels like the orignal! The graphics are very nice. Only annoying thing so far is the world map feels way to zoomed in on your character and it is a little more difficult to tell where you are going. If anyone loved the orignal Final Fantasy IV then they will enjoy this game as well.
76561198058546129,Recommended,312750,14813261,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,aerotale,great game
76561198145637700,Recommended,312750,15296728,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,PutAHatOnIt,Fun game would recommend.
76561198092187138,Recommended,312750,15297590,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DarklordZeromus,Loving the 3D remake almost as much as the original.
76561198050547834,Recommended,312750,16147421,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,gozilla,"I first played this game on the Gameboy Advance and I really enjoyed it. I wasn't sure at first if I wanted to play through it again but I'm very glad I changed my mind. This version surpasses the Gameboy Advance version to me. I've only beaten it on Normal and only unlocked 72% of the achievements but here's a list of my pros and cons.Pros-Wide variety of characters with their own abilities (although the mages kind of overlap minus the summoner Rydia). You'll get to play as Yang the Monk who whoops♥♥♥♥♥and Edward the Bard who sucks♥♥♥♥♥ You'll also get to use a Dark Knight, Dragoon, Paladin, Sage and others.-Great story, the DS version adds cutscense that add to some missing parts of the story from the previous versions of the game. Plus, the voice acting is great, (pretty sure Kain is voiced by the same actor that did Gaara from Naruto).-Lots of things to do, I beat the game in about 22 hours but there's also a hard mode and more things to do in the game, such as hidden ultimate weapons, secret bosses and an annoying rabit thing that I missed the achievement for doing all his damn things.-Summoning. I love summoning in a Final Fantasy game. This version they're called Eidolons and they're pretty sweet. You got your usual, Ifrit, Shiva, Ramuh, Chocobo that come with your summoner when she joins and some sweet hidden ones like Leviathan or Bahamut. The hidden ones are fun to find and are well worth the search and grinding neccesary to acquire them.-Combat, you can either have Wait or Active combat. Both are like what they sound like, Wait you get a chance to figure out what to do when it's your turn and Active keeps the battle going. I preferred active as it made things go by quicker and made the battles a bit harder.Cons-Back to the variety of characters, you won't get to choose who you use. It's set who you will use when and where and that's why this is a like and dislike. It means I won't have to worry about leveling up all of my characters to stay close to the same level but what if I wanted to see if Edward stops sucking? Or bring someone else to the final boss other then the ones I'm supposed to use? It's not a huge gripe since I liked the five characters I had to take to the end but it still is a gripe.-Now I've only played it on Normal so far but I found the game to be a bit on the easy side. When you bring up the menu to start the game, there is an option to Continue. I thought this was for a quicksave but actually, it brings you back to where you were when you died. I got to one treasure chest guarded by a tough monster and instead of taking it back to when I last saved, it continued me right next to the treasure chest to try again. This isn't a huge con but it doesn't make me feel worried about going into a fight with low hp, cause I know I'll be able to continue right where I just was and try again.-Can't skip cutscense. I pushed every button I could and I had to watch them no matter what.Overall-I had alot of fun playing this game. I liked the characters, the story kept me interested and the game was challenging to the point where grinding was needed in order to keep going. I might take a break before trying hard mode but for now, I enjoyed my time with Final Fantasy IV. My rating for this game is a 9/10."
,Recommended,312750,16256078,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,DS port land itself to PC and soo gud!
,Recommended,312750,14735758,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Diabeetus Cannon,"This is a port of the Nintendo DS (Android) version of Final Fantasy IV. That being said, it is not as good as you would hope. In the normal difficulty, some enemies are harder than bosses. Most bosses being incredibly easy. Endgame, you will be extremely overpowered, to the point that you basically can't die. There is a new game+ option, I've yet to completely replay the game on Hard and the new game+, but it feels like it will be a chore. Mind you, FFIV is probably my favorite game of all time, this is a solid port of a mediocre remake. If you want to play the best versions of FFIV, I recommend FFIV The Complete Collection on PSP, or FFIV Advance on GBA, which include endgame dungeons and the ability to use almost all the characters endgame. All in all, this is an ok port.6.5/10"
76561198068051703,Recommended,312750,14611734,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,"The Steam release of FFIV is a port of the Android/IOS version of the game.  For better or worse, it has all of the touches that indicate if came from a mobile port.  This version keeps the DS version's upgraded graphics of the SNES classic while incorporating some of the GBA version and adding some changes just for the mobile version.There are a few problems in this release for veterans of the game.The camera is EXTREMELY zoomed in with no way to zoom out.  Maybe this was passable on mobile platforms with a limited size and resolution, but on PC's/laptops/HDTVs it makes things a bit frustrating and causes the player to rely on the mini-map.The ability to use a weapon as an item natively has disappeared.  If you want to do this, then you need to equip it to an augment slot.  While the ""solution"" is there, you lose versatility to choose which item effects you'd like to swap between.The limit break augment is limited to only 1 period.  This used to be 1 per playthrough and that was eliminated.While these issues are not deal breaking, they are still present and frustrating for veterans.  At the end of the day, it provides the classic Final Fantasy experience and those who already loved FFIV will enjoy some nostalgia with a few upgrades.  If any of the earlier issues are an issue, then the DS version may be better than this one."
,Recommended,312750,14136591,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Precision,"Although there is some dissapointing frame-rate issues in battle, this re-imagining of the original classic does the old version justice, breathing some new life into it. Story cutscenes often have well-done voice acting, even further enriching the experince."
76561198167893538,Recommended,312750,14233312,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,geodyyvonne,"I have also played many different versions of this game.  I still enjoyed this version which breathed new life into an old friend for me. I have not noticed any problems with battles or sceen frame rates. perhaps others have forgotten what it was like to play on an eight or sixteen bit machine but I have not as I still play on the old ""klunkers"", as a true retro  gamer would.  I liked this game."
76561198109897679,Recommended,312750,14156898,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DreamsOfElectricSheep,"I will start off the hop by saying that this is not an exact duplicate of the original, which I myself never played, but my husband has.  One major change is that a large number of the enemies now have counter attacks which can be really annoying.I love the game, I love the story (I really REALLY loved VII, it was the first game that I would say I really loved infact, and I can see where it has borrowed from this title, fairly extensively).  It, to me, is everything I expect from a JRPG.There are pitfall's of course;The steam achievements are very grindy (you need items that have a .4% chance to drop, and yes, that is a point four, not a piece of crud on your screen, but an actual decimal point) and it is possible to mess them up such that you need to start the game again to get them.  On the bright side, the community page has a lot of helpful guides.The interface is a pretty obvious port and feel clunky, however they kept a quick save feature, which, as someone who played on an old PS1 back in the day, is a very nice feature.The inventory system is terrible to use in combat and not much fun out.The opening video is beautiful, they made some exquisite models, but you never see them again.The music is beautiful.If you like classic JRPG's I would say that this is a staple, a must play."
76561198009720851,Recommended,312750,13974442,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Riso,Fantastic! gimme gimme after years! xD
76561198034749551,Recommended,312750,13720396,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Toxic Candy,Great Remake of an old classic.
76561197971426595,Recommended,312750,13602418,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,super_veggeto987,Love the old version and now with updated graphics it is awsome.  Only one thing I don't really like is it has no zoom out to where I can see more of where I'm moving to.   other than that great game
76561197987011627,Recommended,312750,15086784,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,porcupine_70,"A very good remake of the original FFIV for SNES (or FFII fur us North Americans) but not as good as the PSP Complete Collection.There are more side-quests in this version, but the timeing on abilities in combat feels tighter and just better balanced on the PSP version.I would recommend this for the extra content and the voice acted cut scenes, but only if you don't have a PSP, or just really like voice acting."
76561198111965561,Recommended,312750,14980587,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Shade in the woods,its a great game one of the best final fantasy games
76561198022035007,Recommended,312750,14081377,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,almightybum,final fantasy 5 is amazing although towords the end the grind is quite long. I am on the moon at the moment and am grinding up my levels. Also there is lots of save points and always save points in the caves normaly at the end of a cave and in the middle. The game has a good voiced story just as good as the rest of final fantasy. The game isnt to short either and will keep you playing till you have completed it
,Recommended,312750,13754594,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NoMore Mr.NiceGuy,"20 January 2015Thanks to Steam user Z3phyr I've managed to narrow down the problem to my video cards (2x Nvidia GeForce 560Ti SLI'd together).  The game runs (finally) and I'm even able to improve its appearance by forcing AA and Anisotropic Filtering through a hardware profile for the game.  That's good news but I still haven't yet determined what setting I changed that got things running in the first place.  If I ever figure out what it was I'll post it here.  Despite my personal technical difficulties this appears to be a functional port.As to the review itself...This game is a classic JRPG with a colorful cast of characters bound up in an epic quest to save the world.  The old-school turn based battle system has all the depth, complexity, and clunkiness of RPGs of the era.  There's as much to love as there is to be frustrated by since the game hasn't seen as much of a mechanics upgrade as it has a visual upgrade.  Some old design principles are timeless, but others were abandoned years ago for a reason.  Final Fantasy IV makes no recompense for this, so you'll either be charmed by nostalgia or you'll pass on it entirelyI never played the Android or Nintendo DS versions of this game, but I did play the original SNES version.  The addition of occasional voices and cut scenes plus 3D models really adds character to the game's old, blocky sprites.  If you liked Final Fantasy IV on SNES then I think you'll find this version to be a nice upgrade to the experience.My understanding is that there are more inexpensive ways to get this version of Final Fantasy IV on Android and DS (which is where this version was ported from), so I recommend wiating for the Steam version for when you can get it on sale.  Your platform of preference should be the deciding factor for determining where you get this game from as I understand the modern ones are all virtually identical.I recommend Final Fantasy IV as a classic JRPG with new drywall and a fresh coat of paint that's as fun as I remember it being all those years ago.1 January 2015I would love to give a positive recommendation, but I'm unable to get the game to launch.  It crashes immediately upon clicking ""Play"" in the launcher.  I've owned this copy about 24 hours as of this posting and I haven't once gotten to even play it :(I'm still looking for a solution for this and will update my review when I find one."
76561198108838937,Recommended,312750,13377816,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,blastfreak,"Great remake, not as good as it was on SNES as I feel the story lost some of it's depth (sign of the times I guess :( ) but over all very good. One question (and I know this is gonna make me feel dumb when answered) but how do I access the Jukebox?"
,Recommended,312750,14999471,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,aFROZENcanadian,"What an incredibly nostalgic experience! A very good port to PC.  The controls are tight with Xbox gamepad.  Graphics are right on par with the DS. maybe a little better...hard to tell on such a small screen. Sound is excellently orchestrated, and its overall a great experience from the days when Sq-Enix (Square then) wrote great storylines. Enjoyed it from beginning to end! a must have for any RPG/JRPG afficionado"
,Recommended,312750,21701467,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tensei017,A great classic that must be played for all FF fans!
76561197992197952,Recommended,312750,21754687,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KeltikKam,"No matter how many times i play it, It still passes the time in an entertaining way."
,Not Recommended,312750,22101531,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dengeki Matsuko,"This port is a huge disgrace to the original and the other more superior ports on GBA and PSP. It feels like Square-Enix got lazy with this and took the easy route to grab a few extra bucks. Call me a fool for buying it, but I like the game and I honestly feel like I was betrayed.I've been a huge fan of Final Fantasy IV since its first release as Final Fantasy II on the SNES; played pretty much every port that's been made, including the WonderSwan port. Then, I found out Square annouced a DS remake, which got me excited, but disapointed when I found out how the graphics looked. I understand the DS couldn't render 3D graphics better than that, but they still seemed a bit too limited. Also, the DS version was at least twice as hard as the Final Fantasy IV we never got on the SNES. You have no idea how many times I had to restart the battle with the Giant's CPU because of that stupid Laser Barrage attack. I also wasn't able to beat Zeromous until I was at least at average level 70, and it still was still stupid difficult.Where am I going with this? Well, this is a port of a port; DS to Android/iOS. The DS port is the inferior version of the game. Why use that? The PSP remake is leaps and bounds better, displaying better visuals, classic grid-like movement in the overworld and such, and also included the extra dungeons and party swaps from the GBA version. Why did Square-Enix take the lazy route and run a stupid Android emulator with the Android port of the DS port? I just don't understand and it makes me both angry and, as I said many times while typing this, disapointed."
,Recommended,312750,22098267,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mikaroni,"Play the original Final Fantasy II for SNES (or better yet, the translated version of FFIV). This version, while updating the graphics, feels clunky as hell. When you try to polish a classic, you end up removing the polish the original had.This game is pretty fun, but they left out a lot of secrets from the original, like how the dark elf in dragon form was able to be killed in two hits when casting weaken on it. In this version, he is immune, as if they didn't even know the original FFII at all. Overall, it's OK, especially if you grew up with the original and want to have some fun.I must admit, though, that it is pointless to have an achievement where you have to beat the game twice, plus beat it on hard. WTF man."
76561198190622367,Recommended,312750,20192088,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Screebs,"This is by far one of my favorite Final Fantasy games.The battle system seems to have framerate issues in the beginning, but seems to fix itself after the first battle.  Now, the battle system does take some getting used to, though.  It does have a few errors and glitches, but nothing that messes anything up.The game has actual cutscenes with pretty great voice acting for its time.I played this originally on the DS and gotta say that even a second playthrough doesn't disappoint.  I bought it for a few friends while it was on sale and they all love it.  The characters are lovable and the story is an adventure worth taking part of.I absolutely adore this game."
,Recommended,312750,20240640,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Geekanomicon,"Final Fantasy IV (formerly II when first on the SNES) is an RPG everyone should play. It established a guideline for how RPGs should be created. In addition, there were nuances that are still used by the industry today like allowing the ingame engine to take control for a cut-scene utilizing thus keeping the player emmersed in the narrative. Lastly, Nobuo Uematsu, the man literary created the theme of music being a must for ""any"" game.This is a masterpiece that should never be forgotten. Without its success we might never have been able to play Final Fantasy VI."
,Recommended,312750,20208062,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,VWV,"Yes, so much YES.First of all I must say that I never played FF IV in the SNES, though I did play FF II ;))))About the game itself, well... It's not the same thing. I can say that essentially is very similar, but they tweaked some parts. (Oh, btw I'm currently playing on Hard mode(and about to defeat the CPU) so no idea how is the Normal mode)Most noticeable changes:The difficulty is higher indeed(some bosses are unfair though(so far just Dr. Lugae)) and yes, you will need to slow them A LOT.They also added some more abilities, a frame cap(if you can get used to it GG),3D graphics(they are meh, but still 3D), cutscenes(with voices), maps, etc..The menu is odd(it wasn't made for PC) but you can get used to it. Same goes for the battle menu.8-direction movement.But as I said before the game it's pretty much the same. If you can play it without being bothered by its cons then by all means go and buy it(while it's on sale of course, unless you are desperate)"
,Recommended,312750,20266054,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Los Pepes,"Awesome game and a real challenge, Proto-Babil"
76561198032573734,Recommended,312750,20388657,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ielliott,Final Fantasy 4 was my second game I played in the series and its very enjoyable. This version of it seems to be more difficult then the versions I played for the SNES or other systems.Anyone who played it on SNES and wants a chance to play it through again I'd play this.
,Recommended,312750,20426494,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,8BitBox,"Final Fantasy IV (II) for Super Nintendo was the first Final Fantasy I ever played. I loved it, and it holds fond memories.  When they released the DS version, I loved all of the updates and new features.  Now, I love playing this game fullscreen and not on the tiny split-screen of a DS!  Plus, the achievements and the rare drops masochistic but still achievable.  Lots of fun for completionists."
76561198002569074,Recommended,312750,20398540,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dreadlord,This is a great way to replay a fun classic!  If you enjoyed playing Final Fantasy IV on the console back in the day then this is a must have for your Steam collection!
76561198059672983,Recommended,312750,20281043,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Funkbasz,"Playing the oringal FFII in the USA on SNES, Yes was FF2 in USA on SNES. I like how they changed it with more modern graphics. But after a few hours of play, I am currently having issues with crashes. ONly this game.  and no not system by far. AMD FX 9350? Black 8-core 4.01 32GB Ram and the NV550ti in SLI the 4G DDR3 cards. Seems only happening when leaving battle. Will look more at it. But other than that yeah its good."
,Not Recommended,312750,20460932,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,XyNosaur,This is just the iOS version badly ported to the PC...textures are weird and you can easily see some lines in the tiles on a regular basis !Just hope they will make a mod to arrange this one a little bit because at that price (even in sale) it is NOT recommended !!! (except if you love to lose money !)Get an emulator or whatever to play this classic...
76561198074912500,Not Recommended,312750,20318806,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Amavaniat,"If i could givew zero stars i would. The gameplay is so, so much harder and the bosses REDICIOUS! I NEVER had this much trouble before on gobez in the dwarf castle!!"
,Recommended,312750,20498810,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SLASHER,"Dude, those guys worrying about this being a bad or good port are so boring, this is Final Fantasy and that's all that matters, a must play for FF fans"
76561198048136444,Not Recommended,312750,20499890,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,k_qtran,"Lots of bugs. Unbearable to play. Game starts stalling for no apparent reason after a few minutes of play. Have to quit game and restart it to resolve the chugging, only to have it repeat a few minutes later."
,Recommended,312750,20515707,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"An Amazing game that doesn't feature job system, but is not needed to enjoy a nice story. Rhydia Ftw! 10/10 A must have for Final Fantasy fans."
,Recommended,312750,20450638,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Wereboar,"Epic Grinding and To The MoonThe game is typical for the Final Fantasy Series, with a lot of grinding required to get the oponents crushed. The story is epic, spanning over three ""worlds"". The Sound is good, the graphics dated but still playworthy.With the Summons now on a more powerful and more important role the game, making them very useful against stronger foes. A lot of stuff and secrets are hidden very well (for example the sidequests are often hidden in the dialogues).With each character havin a good background story, and each one finding either death during the story or is lost through permanently debilitated status you have to make some tough choices.Actually this is one of the RPGs with the most death scenes, which makes the story a bit too dark and brooding for a lot of people.Pros:Runs smoothly even on weaker PC Systems (Tested with an DC 1200).Good sound and reasonable Graphics.Large and epic Story.A lot of Cities and Dungeons to explore (Exploring dungeons actually will give a reward)Exhaustive expansion to the Summons System.Cons:Too many death scenes - this gives the game a brooding factor.This game literally is a grinding mill, you have to grind a lot to keep your characters with their skills ahead of the oponents. The grind for the purple tail and the rainbow pudding is especially bothersome!Inventory... clutter! Typical for this style of games.Quite linear design, you feel railed for more than 7/8ths of the game.Recommended, but(!!!)Overall this game isn't bad, most of the FF-Series are highly playable games, especially given the fact that the games try to give a good feeling during playtime, even grinding is not as frustrating as in a lot of other titles (even other JRPGs), balancing though is a bit off. A friend said, ""Those older games never pulled their punch!"", that statement is deemed right, but some bosses might be a real tough adversary to punch, when you haven't leveled enough, and by leveling I meant grind.I read some walkthroughs and I have to say that some of them got several things wrong with their descriptions, and some have even forgotten things hidden (I found some additional Gaia Drums in a town for example). Look everywhere for hidden augments (glitters on the floor).Again I am missing a neutral recommendation option for games, this game is really bothersome in grinding - actually it's too much of it. When you read in the forums of the game, that one player required over two hundred hours to farm a piece necessary to solve one sidequest, while another one farmed the same item with just the third group of mobs... you ask yourself - ""go on, or quit the game?"""
76561198063230048,Recommended,312750,20000464,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,falke84,"Final Fantasy IV it has aa good story, ost and secrets.It's a classic J-RPG, I also recommend to buy cause is really amazing, new graphic and new secrets XDDI like the Final Fantasy saga so if you like JRPG you must to buy."
,Recommended,312750,22234759,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Crash,"It's the good old FF II SNES with revamped graphics. A true Square-Enix remake, with 3D graphics, CG scenes and cutscenes for the DS.Why does it get so many negative reviews, though?2 reasons. The first one involves this being ported from the DS to Android systems and then from Android to PC. Which means this game was designed for the 2 screens interface of the DS, meaning things are either ""rigged"" or tottally lost, like the map system, the party screen on the menu and stuff like this, or the Whyt feature that was removed. This IS bothersome, but does not make the game unplayable. In fact, it is doable and you can play without too much convenience loss.The second reason is because there was a PSP version with ""more content"" and old-school graphics that could've been ported to PC instead of the DS remake. Well, although this is a consistent complain, I think it's unfair. The PSP version offers no innovation at all compared to the GBA port or even the SNES original version. Interlude is mostly fanfic level stuff. So is the After Years, although being good, you can still get it on steam. The DS version is the only one that offers a real innovation, both graphics and gameplay-like.So if you like Final Fantasy games, get this one, it's on my top-3 FF games. It's not a perfect port, but it's still fun and, in my opinion, was a better choice over the PSP version for Steam. Of course, the most hardcore fans will still struggle over an option superboss that was left aside, but... really? Is this what ""fun"" means? Minor optional stuff not ported over? I don't think so."
,Recommended,312750,22381192,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Atreuce,"I've played pretty much all versions of this game.. and I gotta say this one is my absolute favorite. The voice acting, and cut scenes are amazing. Game play is exactly what you'd want out of a game like this too.Coming from the FF2 SNES version to now - it's just amazing. I absolutely recommend this to anyone who is a Final Fantasy lover such as myself."
76561198129264100,Recommended,312750,22076852,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Elliot Anderson,"I love it, but I switched to Linux. Please make it compatible with Linux T_T"
,Recommended,312750,21995268,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,09 F9 11 02,"Originally released in 1992, this game is a classic. It features the updated graphics, voice acted cutscenes and increased difficulty from the Nintendo DS rerelease.That said, this is a very bad port. Even accounting for the restrictions of the DS release (low poly models, pixellated textures, 24fps cap during battles) it has a horrible UI taken from the iOS port (making this a port of a port of a rerelease :/) which means that it cannot display the whole battle menu without moving down (any reasonable PC display should be able to show the whole thing, hell, the console versions could) yet there is no mouse support which you'd think they could have done given the iOS port as a base. Also, gamepad support is fairly terrible, no Xinput or just DirectInput, though my 360 pad works it has deadzone problems (detects axis motion where there is none) which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥So while I recommend this game as it's a piece of history, beware of port issues - consider buying a different port. The Chronicles version in particular can be played right off the disc on PC if you use an emulator though it has 16 bit graphics and a poorer translation."
76561198133168481,Recommended,312750,22093140,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,celimous,So far it's a fairly resonable remake of the orginal game. But I don't like some of t he redesigns of the characters. Still it's a nice touch overall.
,Recommended,312750,24476347,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Atisheh,"The Story was so nice and exciting (that's what you expect of FF games)I never played it when I was young and even later had no chance to, so it was a first time and it's worth buying and playing it! So beautiful!"
,Recommended,312750,30818416,Posted: 29 March,all,Rustyknight: Weeb Edition™,"the game is pretty fun. The story is good, the gameplay is fun... that's pretty much all I can say, other than the good music."
,Recommended,312750,26509640,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Lapis Best Gem,"Great game. I played through the psp version, and this one is just as good, if not better because of the voice acting in some sections. Only thing I really think it needs is more voice acting throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,312750,26374461,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Ω ⒺⓂⓅⒺⓅⒺⓇⓄⓇ,I swear the mobs were lot harder than the final boss himself.10/10 would over level up again.
,Recommended,312750,30951759,Posted: 4 April,all,DaShite42,"One of the best classic Final Fantasy games. Great story, characters, and gameplay."
76561198086941941,Recommended,312750,17025605,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Rozier,"Great game with a fantastic story. Enhanced graphics from earlier versions.This game is a classic Final Fantasy RPG. The game offers a great main quest, but also includes interesting side quests and a lot of different equipments to find and collect. There is also a New game + feature, where you retain some of your rare items to the next playthrough and where you can fight optional super bosses.The game has two difficulties. If you are looking for just a casual play choose the easier difficulty. However if you are up for a challenge, go for the harder difficulty. Unless you've played the game before I bet you can't avoid getting a game over...Epic game and I recommend it to both casual and hardcore players out there!10/10!"
76561198030600759,Recommended,312750,27684879,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JestemGruby,Simply amazing
76561198007705600,Recommended,312750,27347999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,phatanorexic,Still the same game as the SNES just with a new graphics update.Watch as your favorite Sage casts Meteo.......
76561198023244227,Recommended,312750,26995545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sho Nuff,"Long ago I played this game when it was called Final Fantasy II here in the U.S., and I loved it.  It is not the same game, I think we can all agree on that.  That being said, it is still enjoyable to revisit the characters and the world, and the additions made do not take away from the overall fun of the game enough for me to give it a thumbs down.  Yes, it is a bad port of a bad port, but I liked it enough that I would recommend it to those who never played it before or to those who can set aside their nostalgia and/or their preconceived notions of what it should be and enjoy it for what it is.  There really should be a sideways thumb."
,Recommended,312750,27378364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nightscar,"However many rpgs come out this is still one of my all time favorites.  If you loved the snes version, the play station version or any other version I am sure you will like this one to it is just a really fun old school rpg.  Perhaps the greatest addition over all to this particular version of the game would be the voice acting which I really enjoyed.  The only gripe i have with it is the battle fps which does not get in the way of enjoying the game it is just one of those things that is kind of annoying."
,Recommended,312750,27263926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cymix,"Released in 1991 as Final Fantasy 2, I can remember playing the original on my SNES as a kid. I can't recall how many times I've replayed this game over the years but I've come back to this game time and time again and I am so happy that I have a copy on steam. The story and music are wonderful. The port leaves a little to be desired, at least thinking back with rose-tinted SNES shaped glasses; perhaps not how I would have imagined it in 3d if I were the same kid playing it for the first time back in the 90s. For anyone that has never played this game on SNES or DS (or iOS/Android?) for that matter, please play this game - if for nothing more than an enjoyable story."
,Recommended,312750,27442253,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BlackRed,I feel like this is one of if not the best Final Fantasy game (To me) it was the 3rd one I ever played and i've just had a fun time whenever I play it
,Recommended,312750,26617381,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],fairly decent port.
,Recommended,312750,27554721,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NeoVincent,"One of my favorite old school Final Fantasy games, the storyline is engaging and the characters are relatable. Definitely give this one a try."
,Recommended,312750,15896332,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jasmar,One of my favorite FF's. Better the second time around
76561198056352614,Recommended,312750,17895046,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"It reminds me of a time when I would just sit in a battle in FF and go cook pizza rolls, and maybe play a little soccer to come back into my bedroom to see my avatar humping the air on my screen waiting for my next move.Old school graphics, and a tale to be told that was missing from the American release during the initial phases of this amazing series.I would recommend it if you are a fan of the lore of this series. They have made some improvements to the game, but the graphics are pretty outdated as you might expect."
76561198119805499,Recommended,312750,17906642,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Demondud OG,My favorite Final Fantasy to date. The story and gameplay are both excellently crafted and the remake only offers more than the originally. definately worth the buy.
,Recommended,312750,17910717,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ashennae_Ronuken,"A classic JRPG that everyone should play at least once. And now there's a version for those who haven't yet played it yet!Love the voiceacting aside from a few hitches (Seh-sil rather than See-sil?). Graphics are divine. Is the perfect 3D voiceacted remake so far.Plot still stands the test of time. Rosa is one of the most badass white mages in JRPG history to date (Though beaten by more active white mage types such as Rena Lanford of Star Ocean).Anyway, 9/10. Would redeem myself again."
76561197993330208,Recommended,312750,27403618,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pwnjones,"I nominated this game for ""The Test of Time"" award with good reason. Since it's release in 1991, I have played it countless times totalling hundreds of hours across many platforms, re-releases and updates and it never fails to feel just as good as the first time. I'm at the end of my third playthrough of the Steam release and the sound design and characters are some of the best in the series. Especially the sound, it's as perfect a fit as you could ask for any game, ever. Every effect fitting, every song a legend. There is actually some subtle strategy to the combat that isn't found in later Final Fantasy games. If you're a fan of the series I highly recommend this entry, and also the excellent PSP/Vita version, which is closer to the original and is still 2D."
,Recommended,312750,29435677,Posted: 22 January,all,papaStuds,"Classic gem. If you like the handheld version, you will like this."
76561198312875008,Recommended,312750,29352755,Posted: 19 January,all,Hammer0311,Awesome remaster of a great game!!!
76561197997576832,Recommended,312750,29368535,Posted: 19 January,all,Erik,"This is a solid remake good for anyone who never played the original, but enjoys classic Final Fantasy. The voiced cutscenes are only present for the major story moments, but the voice acting in those scenes are top notch. An enjoyable experience for casual players or power gamers alike."
,Recommended,312750,29621192,Posted: 31 January,all,MonsterSinge,Good game. Was hard to stop playing. Worked without hitches on my newer rig with Win10.
,Recommended,312750,30201719,Posted: 26 February,all,Liohn,"Story is good (nothing exceptional), it is challenging and complex game to a point that fine tuning your party could bring give an huge amount of hours. Replay value is great. The augment addition is awesome. The characters are mostly well developed and easy to attach to.Final Fantasy IV has to be one of the highlights of the series, it's a really fun game."
,Recommended,312750,31181449,Posted: 16 April,all,dewbertb,"This was my first time playing Final Fantasy IV (I didn't have an SNES when I was growing up). I realize this is a port of the Nintendo DS remake, and not the original, but I enjoyed it! I needed an old-school(-ish) JRPG/FF fix and this game delivered!! The story, gameplay, characters, and settings were really good!!! My only real complaint is the lack of a setting to revert to  2D graphics. The world & cutscences are fine in 3D, but I wasn't a fan of the graphics during battles. Something about enemies/characters pulsating and wiggling!? (Sounds creepy just talking about it!)Overall, a very good experence! A great way to celebrate Final Fantasy's Anniversary!!"
,Recommended,312750,30294581,Posted: 3 March,all,Yiff Me Daddy!,"All time favorite game,I've first played this for the SNES when I was a kid, i've played every version of this, i've been it easily 30 times, it's a wonderful story, of love, loss, and betryal. Around 15 hours the first time through, I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,312750,31325823,Posted: 23 April,all,DR3WPEY,"One of the greatest gaming stories ever told. RIght up there with FFVI and FFVII as the greatest entries in the series. Not overly simple or complex, just good fun. Even farming levels is fun with some of the regions."
76561198295061500,Recommended,312750,31247256,Posted: 19 April,all,MisterDelusional,"If you're looking for a gate way into the Final Fantasy series, this game would be an ideal recomendation. The story is easy to follow, even when it goes from fantasy to science fiction (for a series critized for complicated story elements). Combat is simple and requires you to think, because, the only reason why I died was because I was too stubborn to change my tactics. And overall, I enjoyed this game and anticipate future Final Fantasy games."
76561198149850613,Recommended,312750,31466521,Posted: 30 April,all,GenocideEndGame,"Being a die hardcore fan of the origional FF2 as it was first brought over, then as number 4 remade of playstation, and no, this latest incarnation of it here on Steam.  The gameplay has ben smoothed out.  Adding achievements rocked.  The only issue I have, is that th game is much more cartoony than any of the previous.  However, it is a small price to pay to actually see your enemies move (or not if you Stop right).    As well, there are now reards for completing the maps of each dungeon.  Nothing like free rewards for being a Geek and serching very nook an cranny for chests.  All in all, it is a stand up, fight for it's place update of FFIV.  If you never played the games before, this is a good one to start with."
76561198075019418,Recommended,312750,33201936,Posted: 3 July,all,Angel Kat,"So far what ive played of the game is not better feeling than the snes version, but it is still fun. It could use some fixing, maybe the FOV, fps, and possibly a graphical update, and yes i know this a port version, but coming on the pc like this is ugly. ATM and as far as ive gotten into it id recommend the snes or the PSP version. The once thing i do like about this is that the combat has an auto-mode for the tedius small fights and also the combat speed can be adjusted. IF you can't get the older versions then this one is still worth playing so look around, the internet has everything including mods/hacks to fix this game but atm nothing that makes game feel better than the old ones."
,Recommended,312750,33170132,Posted: 2 July,all,Captain Stu,"At first I was a bit put off by how slow it ran, even on a high end gaming PC. And then, I was getting even more frustrated towards the end of the game. I broke down, found a patch for faster (~25fps) speed and BAM, it instantly felt much better and playable - also, quite enjoyable. I was purplexed by how hard the game was, though, given that I've literally beaten all of the other versions on all of the other consoles. And then, after finally beating the game with 12hp shared between 2 surviving characters, I see the achievement of ""Hard Mode"" unlocked.... le sigh. Apparently I'd decided that since I was such a cool frood for beating all the other versions, I could wing it. Hard mode is....hard. OMG. But fun.TLDR: Get the patch early, period. Once you've got this, it's an enjoyable port of a classic FF game. My fave 2d FF with a beautiful redemption story, fantastic music and now cutscenes and even some voices. Well worth it."
76561198042702552,Recommended,312750,33950118,Posted: 1 August,all,For The Boys,Glitchy but a great revamp of a classic game this is probably one of the better Final Fantasy Games if you are looking for a classic JRPG with a great story look no farther.
