user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312840,14220392,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","UPDATE: The bug I mentioned below has now been fixed in an update. I've also finished the game and there are no substantial issues with the game, or any real changes outside of the fact that the stealth sections have paths on the minimap showing you where to go now in order to make them easier. The game's last moments still leave a bit to be desired, but the majority of the story is good enough that I would definitely recommend this.As a word of warning, at the moment this game seems to save your game based on your steam name. What this means is that changing your name causes the game to forget where your save is, and if you have any quotation marks, question marks, or any punctuation that isn't allowed in a windows folder name, the game just freezes after you choose your language at the start.I haven't played the game past the opening yet, but I finished the original Indigo Prophecy and the original Fahrenheit release from GOG and assuming they haven't broke anything it's a great game aside from the ending so I'll leave the recommendation at a yes anyways."
,Recommended,312840,14234754,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,HeavyMetalBakesale,"At $10 regular price this isn't bad. I remember playing the demo for the game when I was younger and always being intrigued. Having played the whole thing now I can say I was a little disappointed.+ Story holds up well until the final act+ Port runs very well. Maxed out and only had a few weird FPS drops in cutscenes.+ Acting is pretty solid all around+ Gamepad support+ Uncensored version :)- QTE's in this game are ANNOYING, simon says stick moving that goes on forever or controller breaking button mashing- Like I said, the story kinda falls off towards the end- Awkward camera$10 is a fair asking price for this game, but if you're on the fence, wait for a steam sale"
,Recommended,312840,32261785,Posted: 7 June,all,DINNYFORST,"Back to 2005, Indigo Prophecy (or Fahrenheit as uncensored version) developed by Quantic Dream. It's first game that introduces new combination between adventure game and interactive cutscene. The idea is to provide the movie-like experience and let audiences participate on each event rather than watch the whole scene.The story introduces supernatural drama thriller where all the things begin in one of New York's Diner as very strong intro. You take control the character perspectives for both murderer and investigators. Each character is intriguing and has their own personality where you learn from story and your interaction. Whats make Fahrenheit unique is storytelling and choices, most in-game interactions and dialogues have consequences in term of moral and ethics. It could impact on your character mental state or change the pace of story or both along with well-executed and connection between characters.The gameplay involves environmental and dialogue interaction that required mouse swiping as it gives strong feelings of control. Some scenes allow you to explore small section and interact at you own will or switch between characters to observe and progress the story. The game also contain heavy QTE in most physical action sequences. Require player's reflex action which might distract player from whole cinematic scenes.Remastered version offers sharpen textures, new UI, and some typographical changes which are slightly different from original. It's also uncensored version which contain some nudity contents I used to play on retailed version.On the other hand, mouse interaction are quite unnecessary in some parts. Transition between two types of QTE might get annoying and bit over usage. The story pacing also heavily change in final. It's bit letdown and less interaction compare where the first act is so interesting.Fahrenheit might have some gameplay flaws and story itself left some unexplained answers. But it first brings fully interactive movie into video games. It's classic, unique, and intriguing in direction. Set the new standard of video game as we see nowadays.Plus, I personally did love songs and ambient soundtracks"
,Recommended,312840,14221139,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Staemboat,"this game is cool.. and then gets entertainingly weird, definitely worth playingNot much of a 'remaster' though.. at least it's cheap+Points for continuing the trend of being able to switch to old graphics and back at the touch of a button in re-releases"
,Recommended,312840,25423245,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,-3xA'Lu©κy (idling),"A cult classic with a unique approach to storytelling and a polarizing third act.2005’s “Fahrenheit” or “Indigo Prophecy” (the latter was the name given to the censored version released in the USA and other countries) was marketed as the first interactive film. At a time where few games dared to be like movies, David Cage (who was lead director and writer) aimed to bridge the gap and show that video games can also tell deep and meaningful stories. Whether Fahrenheit actually did this successfully is up for debate, but what’s known for certain is that David Cage changed the landscape of video games in a huge way.The idea that this game is indeed a movie or movie-like experience is reinforced several times. As soon as you launch the game you’re greeted with a main menu with several options. One of them happens to be “New movie”, and when you hover your cursor over the option, a billboard with the game’s title appears on your screen. When you decide to start a new game: your screen becomes permanently letterboxed (which once again gives you the impression that you are watching a movie). This game desperately wants for you to think it’s a movie but thanks to the intuitive controls and surprising amount of gameplay, you’re greatly immersed in this adventure.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686668516Controls are a pretty simple affair. The WASD keys move your character around whilst left-clicking and swiping your mouse is needed to interact with objects and other people. This all feels very natural and you can even just hold right-click and left-click at the same time and use your mouse to move the character instead. In-between regular cutscenes are action scenes which are essentially long QTE sequences. There is a hell of a lot of QTEs in this game, which some have likened to a game of “Simon Says”, and they can be quite annoying unless you stick with them. It’s arguably Fahrenheit’s biggest flaw and I had to warn you all in case someone comes to my house and kills me for recommending this game. There are also lots of choices to make, which directly ties in with the game's mood mechanic (certain options or a combination of them will either make your character happy or send them into a depression), but the game is ultimately a linear experience in the end and this mechanic is not as irritating as it sounds.Fahrenheit’s story on the other hand, is harder to judge fairly. Fahrenheit has arguably one of the best intros in all of video games - and there’s so much potential - but by the time you’ve reached the end of the game: the tone, pacing and story has changed so dramatically and so quickly too. This is sadly due to the fact that this game was meant to be part 1 of a trilogy, but at the last minute this plan was ditched… and the developers tried their best to conclude the game with what they had. It’s not a terrible ending, but most players will definitely be left confused after thinking that this was a crime-thriller title. I guess this is why Fahrenheit has become a cult classic.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686638376Even as a huge fan of this game I have to admit the writing from French developers “Quantic Dream” is pretty hit and miss. One character named Tyler (who is African American) is treated in such a stereotypical fashion which undermines the serious tone of the game and David Cage’s intent to honestly tell a deep and meaningful story. Tyler has become something of a running joke in the Fahrenheit fan community but I guess it’s just another one of those things that led to this title becoming a cult classic. All of this aside, Fahrenheit’s story is still decent for me and there’s some truly epic moments sprinkled throughout. I really felt what the characters were going through at certain times (this can be attributed to some of the great tracks in this game) and most of them were relatable to me because their situations often had them doing mundane tasks.As for the remaster done by Aspyr: most of the texture work is subtle. There’s a minor facelift throughout but in some areas the original textures might be preferred. Thankfully there’s an option to change from remastered textures to original at any given time (via a single button press) which is pretty cool. The QTE buttons that appear on your screen have also been slightly changed in both appearance and size (they’re much larger now). It's worth noting that Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy, which is the name for this remaster, is also the uncensored version of the game which very few countries ever got. Another plus in my book. The game hasn’t aged really well but apart from some minor screen tearing, which I only noticed on my last playthrough and may not have been the game's fault, it worked just fine on my PC. I wish Aspyr did get to change the models in Fahrenheit but apparently they didn’t have access to much of the original game’s art pipeline.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=594985543Obviously I’m a bit biased when it comes to Fahrenheit but I’d still recommend it to anyone who is in the least bit curious about the title. It’s a quirky, unique game and for the price of $10 you really haven’t got much to lose. I’ll give it a 7.5/10.P.S. If you like these reviews and want to see more of the same, you're more than welcome to follow my curator page. If you don't like curators or groups, I completely understand (I'm not a big fan either). It's just a much easier way to find old and new reviews I've made:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/rblc#curation"
,Recommended,312840,14234311,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Biribiri,now you can accidently kill yourself with alcohol in high definition
,Recommended,312840,14263044,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Stealth Ico,"Edit: Save file glitch tied to Steam name and most startup issues have been fixed. 2/2/15Nothing much has changed, textures have been slighly updated but are still blurry in some areas, controller support was extremely well done however. 10/10 in that department.Sure, you know the usual complaints of how the story gets a little in the ""meh"" side as the game ends, but the ride is still fun. And for only 10$, I think it was worth it. Although if you still don't want to get it, you can always wait for a deal.I had some issues with trying to get the game to start with a dual monitor setup (obviously just playing on one screen still)So if you are having problems with the game starting, go to the fahrenheit.ini and change fullscreen=1 to 0. Then just click in the window when the game begins and it will work.8/10 game7/10 port"
,Recommended,312840,34389229,Posted: 20 August,all,mishka,You will enjoy this game if you enjoy just 1 of the following things:- Quicktime Events- David Cage Memes- Early 2000's Hollywood- NickelbackI personally enjoy 3 of these things
,Recommended,312840,29534236,Posted: 27 January,all,Burn,"Quantic Dream went off to a good start in the mass gaming market with Fahrenheit. At the time the story was morbid, unique and engaging. The characters were well written and believable, and the game was truly innovative. Both the director, David Cage, and his studio were hailed as ""visionaries"" and propelled to celebrity status in the gaming industry (their ""visionary"" status would continue to be held in high regard with the release of ""Heavy Rain"", but later diminish due to underwhelming reception of ""Beyond: Two Souls""). Fahrenheit is well worth a playthrough for any kind of gamer. Can't wait for Quantic Dream's new game ""Detroit: Become Human""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=851213003http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=841797649Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,312840,32243320,Posted: 7 June,all,Mike,Like games like Heavy Rain and Beyond two souls?Then this is a game for you.
,Recommended,312840,18920717,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Para,"Thought I was playing an interesting detective thriller with some spiritual tone to it.Turned out to be a Wall-running, Kung Fu, bullet-time, super jumping Matrix game in which you fight enourmous fleas while trying to succesfully complete the longest quicktime events in videogame history.-35, Depressed.10/10"
,Recommended,312840,16202100,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,dead_alewives,"This used to be one of my favorite games ever, about ten years ago. I loved the concept of the game - you're a man who has murdered someone but who was not in control of his actions and you must find out who or what has done this to you. Meanwhile, the police (who you also play the game as) are hot on your trail. Will you figure out the mystery before the police catch up to you? It's all pretty exciting...though recently I bought the game again, however, played through it twice in a row and began to realize how completely full of plot holes it is and how certain decisions that the writer of this game chose just don't make any sense at all. Luckily, it's pretty short - after two playthroughs I've only clocked in about 16 hours.If you're not a fan of quick time events, you definitely won't like this game, since that is all the game uses in order to proceed. There are QTE's for fighting, QTE's for talking, QTE's for damn near anything. It never really bothered me all that much, though I did start to realize that at times it can be kind of hard to focus on what's happening on the screen since your eyes are focus to a game of Simon.Overall, I'd recommend this game simply because of it's intriguing concept, cool fight scenes and short length...though that may just be nostalgia talking"
,Recommended,312840,15146015,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,"Well, I must say this was a experience iIl will never forget. I will start this review by stating that this is a must play if you are a fan of Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls. Now, This game has everything, from a murder mystery, to the apocalypse. Fahrenheit has a incredible cast playing a incredible set of characters that you will NOT forget. The atmosphere is just breathtaking as you get deeper into the story. This is a must play 11/10. keep it up David Cage and Quantic Dream"
76561197961364717,Not Recommended,312840,23280380,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jenkins,"I have a hard time with this. I remember playing this game when it was released and thinking it was innovative and amazing. It's story had depth and its cinematic visual style was new and exciting to see in a video game. However, it has not aged well. I was able to get through the game again on pure nostaglia. The QTEs are cumbersome and intrusive as they prevent you from actually seeing what's happening due to all your concentration being on the Simon mini game or manically mashing your A and D keys. Aside from that, every damn action requires you to move your mouse in some kind of pattern. Everything. Want to take a drink of milk? 1)Move mouse up to open fride. 2)Move mouse left to take milk. 3)Move mouse left to drink milk. 4)Move mouse right to put milk down. 5)Move mouse down to close fridge. My. God. Plus, I don't know if this is because I'm just older, but there are things that some of the characters do in the game that makes it incredibly difficult to suspend my disbelief as well as set pieces that just make no sense (why is my bathroom as large as my bedroom and how the hell can I afford a place like this in New York?!) Look, bottom line is, if you have never played this game before, despite what I just said, I do in fact recommend it for the story and the experience. If you've already played it before and are thinking about picking up a great game you remember from your past...skip this one."
,Recommended,312840,17130775,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Spider3,"Definitely an underrated game. I started it today and played straight 11 Hours. Now forced to go sleeping because tomorrow I am going to work..but it's definitely an amazing title, I would say comparable to telltale games! ;)The only negative thing I could say about it,  it's the excessive QTE, otherwise the rest of the game is fantastic - the story, the characters, voice acting, soundtracks. Can't wait to keep going on playing tomorrow ^^"
,Recommended,312840,22721064,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sir Legar,"PROS:+ Story has huge potential, it's really good.+ You decide whats gonna happen; different possible endings.+ Very creative scenes which have lots of tension and excitement.+ There are sex scenes :DCONS:- Lots of long, boring and unreleated QTA's and minigames.- Very bad camera and movement controls for keyboard&mouse.- Mental health concept is useless and have certain bugs.? Some scenes are very unrealistic, it would be better if the game was more realistic instead of being fantasy-like.- Game is not challanging at all.- You cant skip cutscenes even if you replay the chapters.- None of my achievements unlocked despite the fact i accomplished them.VERDICT:You should buy this one. Great story and movie-like story telling. Very good game for its price."
,Recommended,312840,14226472,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ninja0Pain,I've beaten the game 3 times and I still don't know what the hell is going on.11/10
76561198036662065,Recommended,312840,14371194,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Hashash,"This new steam version of Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy, is both cheap in price & with better resolution. This is also the uncensored version, which is a big plus + I would never have bought it otherwise. This is a story of - Mystery, Horror, Love, Suspense, Sex, and Violence, also great repetitive gameplay."
,Recommended,312840,33113235,Posted: 1 July,all,Gazoo,"Calling this game 'Remastered' is a lie, plain and simple. I've only played 20 minutes into the game, but common sense is that the entire game should have been facelifted equally, and I can guarantee that apart from perhaps a higher resolution and somewhat updated textures, the game looks just as boxy as it did back in 2005. A decade has not been kind to the visuals.Entitling it 'Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Re-Released' would be far more accurate. I'll say it again just so it sticks, calling this game 'Remastered' is a bold faced lie.I will still recommend the game as I think the story is compelling and only falls apart towards the end.Buy it on a sale for 5$ or less, otherwise hold off."
,Recommended,312840,32303404,Posted: 9 June,all,Bongus,"I really wish there was an option inbetween good and bad on Steam, because that's what Indigo Prophecy deserves.Starting off on a fairly shallow point, the game does not look good. It's aged pretty poorly. The animations are clunky and awkward, the character models are blocky and robotic (kinda like the original Sims). The environments actually look a bit better, but are still pretty rough. Along with visuals comes audio though, and I love this game's soundtrack. Take your time and listen to the music as you play, it's pretty great (especially when you play as Tyler and move on into Funkytown)Let's move on from that though, onto what you're really going to be interested in with a game like this- the story (this review is pretty much spoiler free). I think it can be divided into 2 main parts. The beginning, everything is very mysterious, VERY interesting, and VERY intriguing. It very much does draw you in and makes you want to discover more. You have interesting characters, a great paranormal murder mystery, just very great stuff. But then, around halfway through the game, you start actually discovering the truth of things and, in my opinion, it goes MASSIVELY downhill. Without giving specifics, everything gets so ridiculous and over the top and goofy. It feels like you go from this interesting tense murder mystery to some campy, wacky anime series, and I find the rapid change in tone very off-putting. Maybe this comes down to personal preference, I like more of a tense kinda gritty story, if you like things getting weird and over the top you could enjoy the second half MORE. I just wish they could have chosen ONE of these themes and not switched between them halfway through the game.Gameplay wise, it's pretty much what you expect, it's an interactive story. You walk around, make some dialogue choices, throw in some quick time events, and there ya go. You'll often find yourself doing everyday tasks like getting a drink or using the bathroom or playing with a yo-yo. Personally I found these little things fun and not trivial. One really cool thing is that you do play as 3 different main characters, each kind of with their own tone and general settings. You can more or less choose in what order you play as them, which I very much like. One very unique gameplay aspect of this game is the Sanity Meter. Throughout the story, small interactions can affect your sanity. Things like finding a clue or a positive dialogue interaction can raise your sanity (even small things like drinking a cup of coffee), and things like a major sad event or ♥♥♥♥ing up a sequence can lower it. Go too low and you'll get a Game Over where your character will go insane or commit suicide. It's a fun little system, i've played this game about 3 times and have never had a character go too low.There is one aspect of the gameplay which I find insufferable- the Quick Time Events. Normally I dont mind these, in fact I think in a lot of games they're kinda fun. Indigo Prophecy's quick time events are not fun in any sense of the word. You really only use the analogue sticks. Two Simon-like circles appear in the middle of the screen. A direction lights up (so for example, the top part of the left circle) and you move your analogue stick in that way (so youd move your left stick up). It's simple and usually pretty easy, but the thing is they go on for WAAAAAYYYYY too long. It's mind numbing how long some of them are, and it's not even like you can actually really watch the action on the screen unfold since you have to keep your eyes on the two spheres at all times. It's. So. Boring. It's not fun at all. There's a REALLY UNGODLY long one near the end, and if you mess up on it you have to do it all over again and I swear its like 20 minutes long and on this recent playthrough it honestly made me just stop playing and give up. That's how insufferably dumb it is.There are also a few flashback segments as well, and they're always a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and not very fun. They mostly revolve around stealth, which I mean I can give them credit for inan attempt to change up the gameplay a bit, but like I said, they're usually just a pain.Overall, I DO recommend you play Indigo Prophecy, just be warned it's very flawwed. If you enjoy Heavy Rain, it's a must-play of course. Fans of interactive stories definitely need to play this, as I feel it really kind of paved the way for a lot of the genre today."
76561198025301599,Recommended,312840,14225628,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"Developer Quantic Dream, makers of Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls, made this gem too, if you played any of those before then you will know what to expect here. if you haven't then beware, this isn't the regular type of action game you know. it is more like an interactive movie where you have to make choices and do some QTE (kinda like Telltale games) to progress. I found this to be an immersive supernatural thriller, introducing Quantic Dream's unique brand of ""interactive movie"" gameplay that they do so well.There's an overall cinematic feel to Fahrenheit that lends a unique atmosphere to the presentation. This is evident from the very beginning, which is probably one of the best opening scenes (not better than Silent Hill 2 though).- regarding the story (no spoilers), it's a psychological thriller that, as it progresses, takes on more and more over-the-top supernatural elements. I think many would be turned off by the far-fetched twists and turns that the plot takes, but I really liked it and was hooked till the end.- Gameplay is a mixture of moving around like the known adventure games, look around for stuff to interact with and doing many QTE (Quick Time Events) which kinda looks like the old toy (Simon) where you have to follow the lights sequences and push the buttons in the direction of the lights. also, it has the ""choose your own adventure"" style of dialogue (several conversation options at select points  (you're asked to pick one quickly to determine where it goes from there). sometimes if you fail you will die and have to restart the sequence.- The graphics of course looks really dated (kinda similar to Max Payne graphics). while it isn't the remaster i was hoping for it is still better than the original and much better than the PS2 version. the price is fair i think. i even saw the option to play it at 4K but my screen is only 1080p so i went with that. but no matter what resolution you use the textures aren't gonna improve much, I highly recommend playing it with a controller (Xbox 360 or xbox1 controllers works perfectly).- I really have huge respect for Quantic Dream, they took big risks in making this and their later games in a way that won't appeal to everyone and won't sell like other AAA games but are great and unique none the less.- The port ran fine for me so far except one scene in the office where all characters vanished and i was just hearing voices then the game froze and crashed, other than that one instance eveything went fine and dandy.- Small note to the developer, it would be better if i could highlight the resolution i want then click apply than having the screen flashing on me while scrolling through resolution options."
,Recommended,312840,23218871,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Aspyr, Quantic DreamPublishers:AspyrInitial release:Jan 2015 (remaster)Genre:Adventure, QTE#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and Summation...David Cage is weird...Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy is an adventure game from the prestigious David Cage of Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls fame.Despite its original release in 2005 and this remaster released  in 2015 the game still very dated. Not in a performance or visual way but in its overall feeling or vibe. You can use gamepad or mouse and keyboard, typically I don't bother to bring this subject up but other than the obvious differences. The game actually plays quite differently. As in you have direct analog control with a gamepad and should you choose to play with mouse and keyboard (as I did) You will be greeted with tank controls. Which can be a bit jarring when camera control is taken away from you and to the games credit it when it is taken away the camera seems to direct you in very helpful ways as to not get you lost but does indeed take some getting used to try and find your roots again with tank controls.The game has this feeling of Resident Evil mixed with Eternal Darkness. Both because the general horror nature of the game and Eternal Darkness because there is a mechanic in which you must monitor your every action as it effects the mental fortitude of the player character.You play as 1 of 3 characters. Lucas Kane, Carla Valenti, or Tyler Miles. You switch in between them after their specific sequence is over. In the beginning it feels a bit odd. As if you are being forced to take a side. As you probably know, its in the trailer, it happens in the first 5 minutes, this game is old; its not a spoiler but Lucas Kane murders a man in a bathroom. Carla and Tyler are the detectives assigned to the case. So right from the very get go you are given subtle clues as to which side you wish  take as well as have plenty of character moments. This is a David Cage game after all and every little decision means something down the line.The main interaction with the game is walking around and finding clues or talking with people. Action sequences are either directional quicktime events, a sort fake simon says game or a test of endurance by pressing left and right a bunch. There is also a couple of sequences which I didn't find very enjoyable and tested my patience quite a bit. Without saying anything explicit, it involved moving very slowly, regulating your breath and searching for a clue relevant to the situation.There is also some VERY strange sequences with licensed music. Specifically with the band “Theory of a Deadman”, a band I listened to in High School. It felt very strange, maybe a little forced but in all honesty is wasn't the first time the game started to feel a bit campy and stop taking itself so seriously.THE GISTFahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy is a very good adventure game, though in all honesty my ending did not feel very satisfying. The story goes places I never would have guessed and in my story one character had a very dramatic change of character that felt incredibly forced as if it was just something people expected from a blockbuster film. It made zero sense and I'm completely baffled by it. However its more a of a sub plot thing even though its alluded to as otherwise.Very old feeling adventure game but with some modern convenience. Sort of tows the line between nostalgia and something that telltale might do. Voice acting is well done but some of the sequences repeat if you ask too many questions I couldn't tell if it was a bug or just to reiterate things so you didn't forget them.The games has some problems but the story is engaging and the characters are rather interesting so the small issues it does have can be overlooked.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,312840,28147404,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Gaturrito.-,"This game is great. The story, the graphics, the voice acting, the characters, the plot, the soundtrack, e-very-thing. As you can see, this is the remastered version of Fahrenheit. HD, joystick support and it's the uncensored version. This game came out in 2005 and finally we have the remastered after ten years. If you like adventure graphics games based on your actions and decisions, even if you don't like that kind of games, this is a must buy."
76561198111625055,Recommended,312840,16507475,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Banshee666,"Plot: 10/10Carla/Sam: 10/10Insane amount of QTEs: 0/10Another classic I totally missed back in 2005, a dream fulfilled now. This game deserves at least a sequel, in my opinion."
76561198022867449,Recommended,312840,20037905,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Messo,"If you are into the games of Quantic Games (Heavy Rain, Beyond Two Souls) and missed this one, it is a must.History: 9/10Gameplay: 7/10Music: 8/10"
76561198004622791,Recommended,312840,33769780,Posted: 24 July,all,Coffee,A homocide case turns into the matrix
76561198100367355,Recommended,312840,30547620,Posted: 16 March,all,d_kaiserchief,"The game is obviously for people who loved this game back in 2005 in the first place.Back then Fahrenheit delivered very unique performance which was completely new at that time. Outstanding motion capture, staging direction, music and fun gameplay did their best for keeping the player interested.Surely Fahrenheit has flaws in its plot which is fairly silly overall but still very entertaining.Aspyr did a good job with the Remaster. Textures and resolution are much better than in 2005 and look fine for someone who loved the original version.However it's unlikely the new players will enjoy the game as unfortunately Fahrenheit itself has become quite outdated in its technical implementation.Dated graphics, bulky characters animation (by the 2017 standards), ancient manual facial animation and direction that was great 12 years ago. Video games have evolved since then in every aspect Fahrenheit represents. Modern AAA titles leave Fahrenheit no chance and even the next David Cage game Heavy Rain released in 2010 made a huge step forward as an interactive movie making Fahrenheit just an interesting step in history.Still for those who spent countless delightful hours with the original this version will certainly provide some fun once again with the help of the refreshed textures, high resolution and perfect Xbox 360 controller support."
,Recommended,312840,14290517,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SilentHiller1992,"This is one of those games I use to play as a kid on the PS2 multiple times not only to see the various outcomes but also because I got so much into the story. Now before people buy this thinking it is a ""psychological drama"" will be disappointed. I went in originally expecting just that but instead got a over-the-top but engaging sci-fi thriller. It grew on me and I really came to enjoy the game for what it was worth.Also please note if you're looking for next-gen graphics or a massive improvement of the old graphics you will also be disappointed. The graphics were never the prettiest to look at, and they've only been enhanced not redone. The gameplay is pretty much identical to the original release of the game, so yes those QuickTime Events still are in there. They are very dated, yes, but they don't overwhelm.With only ten dollars being charged for this game, I don't think you can go wrong!+ Engaging story and characters.+ Around 5 or 6 different endings depending on the choices you make in the game.+ You can switch in-game between both old and redone graphics.+ Memorable score from film composer Angelo Badalamenti.- Story goes overboard in the final acts.- QuickTIme Events feel dated.- Controls can be frustrating."
,Recommended,312840,24997154,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Emki,We do not talk about second half of Fahrenheit.
76561197991756666,Recommended,312840,14406948,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"I have this game on DISC; as FAHRENHEIT, of course :-) I bought it when it first came out (a few years back), it had a BIG influence on me at the time.I find myself divided on what I am looking at playing out before me, BOX shaped paper-bag-like-heads, ""& I thought this was HD :-)""-It made me think games could be deep, and that dramatic chapters could be played out.-The story was interesting and engaging, realistic yet entertaining (I wanted more of this).-Through this game my mind opened up to the idea of gaming on PC, broadly!-The narrative was/is warm and detailed.-This game offers more INTERACTION than your casual POINT & CLICK games on the market, again it's not the norm but exception in this GENRE.[This game gives good rivalry to more modern outputs by TELLTALE games, like THE WOLF AMONG US, and other similar point & click games]I was captivated. My attention was bought (CAUGHT:-).I am pleased and satisfied it has been remastered & put on STEAM, it is now easily accessible to me[I can now put my original discs in FRAMES & hang them on the wall :-)], allowing me to FONDLY consider a re-play.My thoughts on the remaster? It functions admirably!Still I was greatly influenced by it,in retrospect I look back,I have come a long way gaming since then.I hope it has as huge as an impression on you as it had on me.It may feel a little like THE CALL OF CTHULU:DARK CORNERS OF THE EARTH, to some. Where that may have been set in the 1915's the setting here is much, much more modern. Think along the lines of 2009. They both have an occult centred storyline.Game on"
76561198174821266,Recommended,312840,29860087,Posted: 11 February,all,daggs.james,"I recommend this game, but not for the reason most people would.I'm just gonna say, right off the bat, that Indigo Prophecy is one of the dumbest, most insane games I have ever experienced. The characters are all cut-out stereotypes, the action sequences are laughable, and the game's attempts at trying to be emotional and dramatic are equally as laughable. Gameplay is functional (for the most part), but nothing to really write home about. Judging this as a video game, Indigo Prophecy ranges from mediocre to awful, with a bevy of questionable design decision. As an experience, however, it is absolutely something that I recommend everybody look into.This game's biggest claim to fame, as is the case with most David Cage games, is its emphasis on story and player choice. These are two things that this game fails to achieve. The story feels like David Cage went on a movie binge one night, putting on everything from The Matrix (especially The Matrix) to Silence of the Lambs to even a blaxploitation film for good measure, decides to take as many of the cool or memorable parts of those movies and attempts to replicate them and make something awesome and inspiring. Unfortunately, in doing so, he forgot how to make a story that was cohesive and give us characters that we could give a damn about. David is far more focused on delivering ""spectacle"" than an engaging narrative. The story starts promising enough, but quickly devolves into just trying to copy other movie scenes and throw together this ridiculous prophecy story. Entire sequences of the game are literally ripped straight out of those more popular films, with one sequence late in the game showing off some of the goofiest motion-captured fight choreography I have ever seen. I have never laughed so hard during a game. Oh, and not to mention there are two laughable sex scenes in the game that have no reason to be there (one of which is accompanied by incredibly unfitting music from Theory of a Dedman, the one band David could afford for this game).As for the characters we end up playing with? Well, we have Lucas, a boring wannabe Neo; Carla, a straight-edge independent female cop; and Tyler, the token black guy that seems to have gotten lost in the 1970s (he even has '70s funk and R&B playing just about everywhere he goes). And really, there's not much to these people beyond those basic characterizations. Lucas is dull and boring the whole way through, Carla eventually devolves into just another (incredibly forced) love interest, and Tyler is mostly put on screen to be the ""hip"" character rather than be all that good at his job...or even relevant to the story as a whole.You can also expect to come across other colorful characters, like the token angry police commissioner, the token girlfriend, an incredibly offensive Chinese stereotype, the prototypical gay best friend, a discount Hannibal Lecter. This game has every token cliche and stereotype under the sun.Those who have played any other David Cage game (specifically Heavy Rain) should find the gameplay familiar. The game is divided up into a few main gameplay styles. The most common of which is exploring your environment, interacting with stuff to either just faff about or actually use to advance the story. There are a few scenes in the game that do slightly change depending on how you approach certain objectives, but a lot of them make me question why on Earth they would even offer multiple ways of doing things if the outcome is going to be the same regardless. In the beginning of the game, I'm expected to clean up the crime scene. I do so, pay my bill, go outside and get away just as soon as the cop discovers the body. I go back to that same sequence again, only this time just washing my hands and leaving the corpse as is. I do everything else, and the game plays out exactly the same. Another annoying thing to note is that I'm expected to help Lucas dodge the police, only to be switching over to the police and trying to make them do their job and try to capture him. Do you want me to help Lucas or not?Then there are moments where you get to interact with other characters picking dialog choices. Most of the dialog is merely there to add some extra context to a situation. There are points in the game where you can potentially make ""game-changing"" decisions, but more often than not it does not matter what choice you make as the story will continue on in a linear fashion. Say for example Lucas's girlfriend calls you asking to come over to his apartment, I can tell her no if I want to, but she is still going to come to my apartment later anyway regardless of me telling her to leave him alone. Either David Cage didn't think a lot of these choices through, or he only wanted to provide the vein illusion of choice to make his game seem deeper than it actually is. The only major change that occured from that exchange is that I got more depressed, in-game that is.Speaking of which, that's one of biggest parts of the game. Each character you play has this ""Distress Meter"" of sorts. It more or less acts like a glorified health bar. If it goes down completely, your character can get so depressed to the point of committing suicide, or simply moving away to Florida. Basically, it's a game over (Yes, David. No matter how many times you say game overs are the failure of the game designer, this is in fact a game over). Your depression goes down by either making specific choices, interacting with certain things in your environment or simply taking too long to complete an objective. This is very poorly implemented as there are moments in the game (especially for newcomers) where losing points is all but unavoidable. How was I supposed to know before hand that looking at my family photo would make me more depressed, or looking in the mirror and seeing the illusion of a ghost?The other main gameplay section in the game are these glorified SImon Says QTEs. Follow the direction of the colors and you'll succeed. Fail too many times, and your story ends. It can be finnicky with reading your movements at points, but for the most part its functional. The biggest problem I have with this gameplay style is that I can't pay attention to the ridicuous action sequences. This Simon Says gameplay also gets incorporated into regular cutscenes as well, but aside from making you more depressed if you fail they don't offer much.Other little scraps of gameplay are thrown in for the sake of adding variety, like during action scenes you where you multi-tap buttons to do streneous tasks. There are also sections of the game where you have to carefully tap back and forth to help with breathing or balancing. And then there two of some of the most phoned in, most poorly implemented Metal Gear-esque stealth sections that occur during flashbacks. These sections are easily the worst parts of the game.So for as negative as I have been about this game, why do I still recommend it? It has to be seen to believe. Indigo Prophecy is an experience. It is an interesting, mind-boggling exploration into the mind of David Cage. It offers some of the most hilarious, ridiculous moments I have witnessed in a video game. It's story and characters are so easy to riff on. This is a game that is at its best when you bring over some unsuspecting friends of yours that have never heard of this game, and watching their reactions to the madness. It is absolutely great in that regard. Get Indigo Prophecy if you just want to have a good laugh.Thank you, David, for being so pretentious and unintentionally hilarious."
,Recommended,312840,16382949,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RAGNOS #ADC,"Overal rating: 10/10Good:+Story+Mini games (part of the actual gameplay)+Interaction+Awesome narration for such old game+""Tank"" movement, something like first Resident Evil+Various of character to play with+Different personalities of each character+Ambient+Strange feelingBad:-Nothing really bad except ""something"" that everyone who played this game knows what it is, don't want to spoil-No achievementsConclusion:I don't usually play remaster games because I think these are not worth playing at all, but when it comes to Fahrenheit there's no doubt its an excellent revive of the series and game of this genre. There are no much games like this, which is perfect, classic and rich with both feelings and story. Nostalgia is something ahh...Anyways this is overal awesome remaster, they really put some hard work into it to increase the graphics level and stuff, well done, hats off. I wish there were more games like this...EDIT: There are no achievements but theres plenty of stuff that could've been done as achievement."
,Recommended,312840,33140163,Posted: 2 July,all,OutrageousTomb1,"For me, I knew what was coming when I saw Angelo Badalmenti's name in the credits. All the works I've seen with his music, from Twin Peaks to Mulholland Drive, have started normal and turned strange by the end credits. But I always come around to loving the material, being hooked from an interesting start and becoming intrigued as the plot thickens into what it does.Fahrenheit is the exact same way. With a gripping start to a very pecular end game, I was hooked. The characters and mystery had me wondering what was happening from the very beginning, from the opening murder that gave me chills to the revelations that had me in a strange form of suspense. It's certainly a unique tale by the end, one I think should be experienced and not spoiled, but whether that use of ""unique"" is good or bad is up for personal opinion.What I did not expect was the style of gameplay. This was my third experience with Quantic Dream (following playing Heavy Rain and Omikron: The Nomad Soul) and this almost had a middle ground between the two. It had the simple almost Telltale Games style of gameplay of Heavy Rain, but with the diversity of Omikron. This, however, was not always a good thing. Several segments, like the police station with Carla and the opening murder scene with Lucas, stuck out as very memorable. Others, like the flashback stealth segments, were downright frustrating, but kept me enthralled in the story nonetheless.For $10, I don't think there's much to complain with value. It's a decent length game (at least 6 hours) with unlockable bonus content, as well as different endings and different gameplay choices that give some form of replay value. If Fahrenheit seems interesting, there's no loss in trying it. Just expect things to get real strange as Fahrenheit reaches its boiling point."
,Recommended,312840,35394395,Posted: 1 October,all,Al Ches,"Mystical adventure-action game with movie elements, which makes this game similiar to interactive movie.Main plot of the game for first time seems bizzare, yet fit to each other to make real big picture with ancient artifacts, conspiracy theory, illuminati, magic in real world and e.t.c. We will venture into story through playing a several heroes: a guy, who make a murder and couple of detectives, who searched him.Most time of action scenes in game will be Quick Time Events. If you dont like QTE and you dont have any type of gamepad - I better not recommend to buy this game (in mine 16-en I was playing in this game with my older brother on keyboard - he press left circle and got the right, cause he can't do it alone). Always feels a pain to make good screenshot during amazing scene, cause 1 mistake and you have to play damn portion of game till savepoint.Soundtrack of the game sounds really nice.  Most symphonic tracks, which was created by Angelo Badalamenti perfectly creates atmospehe and reflect emotions of the main characters of the game. Also includes couple of tracks written by Theory of Deadman.Sometimes I replay this game, during some years cause of nostalgia.Masterpiece of 2005"
,Recommended,312840,34824442,Posted: 8 September,all,Benito Mussolini,Great for David Cage memes10/10
,Recommended,312840,14339073,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,get back im evil :^),The qtes are painfully annoying. this game has terribad controls. yet i love it. love hate relationship!(Story starts out amazing but kinda falls off the rails by the end. still love it)I would only buy this if you haven't played it yet. As others have said it's not really a re master. Just higher res support and it recognized my controller. :/. This is the same price as the original on PC tho .
,Recommended,312840,23027989,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,FrozenStalker,"Story driven game full of mystery, quick time events and dialogue choices. You take the role of 3 of the main characters which helps you understand both sides of the story reaching to an epic finale. The only game that made me scared and have nightmares (I was young when I first played this)."
76561198261197586,Not Recommended,312840,24925800,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,marianoyuba,"Game is beautiful as always (this is not much of a remaster...more of an upscaling), and it was a TREAT to get to play it again. However, i cannot recommend this version with its, frankly, unfathomable but serious problems. The game kept going into windowed mode randomly (not too bad, but still annoying), the mouse motions sometimes were not at all detected, and...worst of all, it froze up on me after about an hour, and then wouldn't go past the profile screen. I cannot believe that a game such as this would have these kind of problems nowadays, but it ruined what should have been a fun, nostalgic experience. Returned it for the time being."
76561198172046409,Recommended,312840,14234545,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DarkYamithe3RD,"It's pretty much the same as I remember playing it the first time around a couple of years back. The story is still interesting if a little crazy at times. The more ""adult"" moments in this game are still  as bad as I remember..... HD doesnt do that side of things well I can tell you. Still a fun game/movie that I still wish had a sequel today."
,Not Recommended,312840,14487469,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"""Fahrenheit: Quick Time Event Prophecy""In Summary:I am played this on SteamOS and it's a mixed feeling overall. You can't fault the game for being how it was designed years ago. I think Aspyr did a great job on polishing up the graphics for what they were (High Definition != High Detail!!!).  The sound seems to crackle a little in-game, noticeable in cutscenes or the main menu. The game has a great and weird story to it. The one thing that kills me, is the ""DDR-Like"" button quick time events. These use the Joystick, and if you know your Linux, Xbox 360 controllers can be hit or miss depending on the implementation. During the ...SPOILERS?......""Office Survival"" QTE sequence, I was extremely frustrated do the the Xbox 360 controller's tendency to fling its resting ""center"" to the far right, which made some QTE actions register wrong. And when this sequence is as fast paced and forgiving as this one, it makes you angry. Play this one using a PS3 controller (USB or Bluetooth). You'll thank me later.Pros:Overall the game has a nice opening, and a very nice detective feel to it. The soundtrack is very good and the characters do get their fair bit of attention each in the character development department. The ""mood"" meter is a nice addition to the gameplay, and it forces you to carefully evaluation your actions and responses to conversations. The character models are ok, given the time this came out, and the games budget at that time of it's original release.Cons:The quick time event system is frustrating as can be. I soon lamented every ""Get Ready"" moment, especially when the game was unforgiving enough not to allow me collect enough ""lives"" to live through the tougher parts of the game (which I beat with one life..oi vey). Seriously, if you cannot tolerate QTE's whatsoever, this game will drive you mad. Furthermore, clunky movements, accelerated by the very odd ""action"" system (where in you push the joystick to do things), make it even worse. Many times, the center positioning of my gamepad lost it's way, forcing me to switch to a PS3 controller from an Xbox 360, due to the better axis precision. No other game I own on SteamOS / Linux / Windows does this.The graphics were polished up decently enough for what the original game was, but there could have been more done. This is likely understandable given the team's budget. The story near the end takes a very odd turn, with some of the dialogue leaving you quite confused.This remaster is most certainly for fans of the original, and it definitely teeters on the edge of Yes/No for a recommendation here. I'd say, if you can stomach the QTE's and wonky controls, give it  try."
,Recommended,312840,16376831,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blaaargie,"I normally don't write reviews but for this game I can make an exception. This was an absolutely fantastic game. It was a blast to play it, I personally just interacted with every single thing and wasted more time than I should of from time to time. But it was really fun to do so. The story line was pretty good as well. It really had me thinking about how it all pieced together, especially with the choices you have to make. Over all I thoroughly enjoyed the game and I believe it is definitely worth a play or two to see what you could do differently. 10 out of 10."
76561198230413508,Recommended,312840,16195614,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ZenRoshi,Great game with nostalgia and updated graphics. With the price of $4.99 you can't go wrong. Story is amazing and game play will have you hooked in minutes.
,Recommended,312840,14308786,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,iddqd,"I've waited so long for this game to return to Steam. And it was well worth the wait. The controls are decent now, just like the graphics. Sure, it has a lot of QTEs, but at least they're managable. Since every decision impacts the story's outcome, multiple playthroughs are to be expected. You should definitely buy this game as it's the only of its kind on Steam!"
,Recommended,312840,21850017,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bacon,"Has a few issues starting up on my end, but spamming enter gets it past the black screen after the company logos.Textures have been updated and game controllers are supported, overall its a pretty decent remaster. I own both this and the unmastered one and love them both. From memory, you are able to select remastered graphics or classic which I think is good (Being PC and having options is what its all about)."
76561198254468444,Not Recommended,312840,21679383,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,skeleton_fingers,"PROS:+ Very ambitious idea+ Individual sequences can be thrilling+ Visuals look alright for an old gameCONS:- Not emotionally involving enough- QTE's aren't fun and soon become irritating- Quality of voice acting is either great or awful- Tone of game is all over the placeI played this game after I finished Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls, so maybe I would have enjoyed it more had I played it before those two. Clearly the team was still figuring out how to combine story and gameplay effectively when they released Fahrenheit. The game can be enjoyable and ocassionally even compelling, but mostly the potential here is wasted. I'm sure this was a good experience in 2005 but it hasn't aged well, especially when compared with the storytelling in games right now. Overall, this is one of the most disappointing games I've played recently and it does not hold up in 2016. Try out Quantic Dream's newer titles instead of this one!"
,Recommended,312840,31751769,Posted: 14 May,all,qwad1000,"One of the best game stories I played.But it suffers from broken xbox controller. Right stick has very strange behaviour which breaks all qte scenes.Downloaded GOG original version, patched it with XInputPlus and enjoyed the game."
76561198011011137,Recommended,312840,15887314,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,thedrumkid92,"Indigo Prophecy first released in North America in 2005 to mixed reviews. It couldn't compete graphically with many of the AAA titles of that time, and the gameplay was something the industry hadn't seen before. At best, it was a neat experiment that (critically) fell short of greatness. The story felt like a sped-up version of Lost. Engaging, exciting and mysterious at the start, with a ridiculous theological (or in this case science fiction-y) ramp-up approaching the end. Because of the game's strict adherence to its ""dynamic story"" feature, oftentimes your play-through would result in not enough information or justification for the ridiculous plot points. The only way to get the full picture was to play the game <em>perfectly</em>. While that wasn't particularly difficult, it did require subsequent runs through the game, which is a clumsy way of providing a satisfying conclusion.The new HD remaster, by definition, addresses none of those issues apart from the graphical fidelity. As with my REmaster Review, it is unfair to rate the game based upon story or gameplay elements ten years after the fact, so this review will cover how well the developer remastered and ported their game to PC, Mac and Linux.Graphical Upscaling:Where other remastered games add things like newly rendered cutscenes, character models, environmental or weather effects, light bloom, dynamic lighting or increased particle count, Indigo Prophecy Remastered does nothing of the sort. Visually, the new version is almost unrecognizable as a different game. The only noticeable differences are that it runs at a solid 60-ish frames per second (which </strong>is</strong> a huge leap from the PS2/Xbox era) and the ""film of standard definition"" has been wiped from the screen; it's no longer blurry or fuzzy. Object outlines are clear and concise, the snow particles don't make traversing the street segments a chore, and it is now easier than ever to spot clues or interactive elements. While that certainly makes the game more playable, it doesn't match up to other more intensive remasters.Read the full review athttp://casualsgaming.com/2015/02/16/indigo-prophecy-review/"
,Recommended,312840,29193476,Posted: 11 January,all,Trevor,"Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered is a cinematic interactive drama written and directed by David Cage.The game takes 10h to finish, however, there are some choices you have to make which lead to a few different endings. You get to play as multiple protagonists: Lucas Kane, Carla Valenti and Tyler Miles.The story starts on a cold New York City night in January 2009, Lucas Kane is caught in a trance and stabs a man to death in the restroom of a diner and then flees the scene. Lucas attempts to uncover the reason behind the murder. Soon after that, you get to play as both Carla Valenti and Tyler Miles in this investigation.Each of the characters has a sanity meter that is affected by choices the player makes and interactions with the environment.There are a lot of QTEs here...like a lot, recent Telltale Games have less QTEs and those games are just QTEs and dialog. There were times where I would've loved to just sit back and watch the action without an 8 button input on the middle of the screen.Thesoundtrackis brilliant and it was composed by Angelo Badalamenti, best known for his work scoring films for director David Lynch.I enjoyed this game for its story, however, gameplay wise the QTEs can get annoying from time to time."
,Recommended,312840,20049647,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,"I have not played the original so I cannot make a comparison between it and ""Remastered"" edition. However, I can judge the game based upon my experience with the Remastered version as I have completed it over the past few days.I think that it's fairly unique and if you like Telltale's narratives then you can't go far wrong by getting this. It has its flaws: clunky controls, very repetitive quicktime events, and a story that admittedly goes off the rails nearer to the end. It also has its positives: a functional dialogue system, multiple choices/endings, and a generally well-written story (despite some diabolical moments). Voice acting is also top-notch. It's worth it for the money; especially when on sale.7/10 from Dave"
,Not Recommended,312840,14264924,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Real Hotfire™,"Felt like showing a few friends this dumb game I played in 06, had to go into the .ini files to actually get it windowed, crashed after you go to investigate the diner as carla.When your ""HD"" (I use that term loosely) re-release is worse than the original PC version, you've got a problem."
76561197975019257,Not Recommended,312840,31477142,Posted: 30 April,all,[TMK] NeoSpartan646,"I had a hard time making a decision about whether to recommend this game or not. At times I was very interested, but got frustrated with the controls (using a controller) and the excessive amount of Quick Time Events.The storyline is subjective to personal taste. I was intrigued early on, until mid-game, when it got ridiculous, and I had a hard time taking it seriously. I was hoping the ending would redeem the plot, but I was disappointed.PROS* Unique story telling device, allowing to control different protaganists.* Murder mystery dealing with the occult, or is it?* Interesting characters.CONS* A lot of QTEs, there are many parts I wonder why they bothered adding them in.* Controls are terrible, even with a controller.* You have to quickly decide dialog choices.* Dialog options can sometimes be very unintuitive."
,Not Recommended,312840,14274011,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hissen,"Fahrenheit is the second game by developed by French game maker Quantic Dream developed in 2005. Keeping this in mind, this is a review of the remaster as if the original did not exist. The first thing to be noted is the texture work. While impressive for 2005, the ""HD"" remaster is only a small refinement on the original.Overall, the gameplay is far from inspired with most of the play revolving around controlling clucky characters and battling annoying and repetetive QTEs. There are times when Farenheit attempts to act as a game, but this is when it truely falls apart. The stealth section is poorly writen and overall frustrating without any real satisfaction in the end. The greatest failure of the stealth level is an entire lack of feedback given to a player, instead giving an arbitrary ""Game Over"" screen, not even indicating who spotted you.The only redeeming element of this ""interactive movie"" is the story itself which holds a certain amount of interest. However the story does little to combat the gameplay.  Afterall, the story could have well fit into a 2 hour movie, yet was stretched into a  7-9 hour game. The amount of fluff is painful, with one section being nothing but lifting weights in a gym.Perhaps this game has some value in a historical context, but unless you are doing so out of academic interest, it is best to avoid it."
,Recommended,312840,29881041,Posted: 12 February,all,PT Lyon,"I never got to play this title back in the day, so it's a good thing we can now play the predecessor of Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls, two great games. The visuals are outdated (nevermind the ""Rematered"" part), but you barely notice it when you are focused playing the game, so don't let it be the reason not to play the game. As a 12 year old game, I was honestly impressed by many things that this game already had, back in the day. Some scenes are very impressive, and the interactive narrative is pretty much like Heavy Rain, with an interesting plot, although it doesn't keep it's consistency until the end. Usual critics for this genre still apply: Don't play it if you want good gameplay or if you don't like quick time events. The gameplay can be frustrating, although I don't know if that comes from the original game or from a poorly executed port, and the quick time events are... well, quick time events. Play it if you like a good story with cinematic influences and player choice."
76561198083686500,Recommended,312840,33419252,Posted: 9 July,all,ultimagicarus,"amazing storygood voice actingbut i hate the qte, cant see whats happeningalso the movement control is a bit clunky.still a true gem on ps2 era."
,Recommended,312840,16194493,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Darwin,Excellent game. An unwitting spiritual precursor to more contemporary adventure games.
,Recommended,312840,16407853,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CanadianCannabis,"Will update review once I complete the game for a first time.So far, this game is such a satisfying game to play. Multiple storylines with endless possibilities on how the story plays out, you really feel like every decision you make will alter the future gameplay and story, and for the most part, that's true.The controls to me are just fine, tank controls for movement and utilizing the WASD and arrow keys for the ""action"" sequences. Outside of action sequences you use your mouse (or controller is that's what you prefer) to interact with the world around you.Back to the topic of the action sequences, so far they have all been in very appropiate places in the storyline I am going through and they have a nice balance between it being severely difficult to simon says for kids.As big as the game might seem from the looks of it, it's actually quite linear, it's mainly the dialogue options that give you the diversity of your story, as well as what actions you did, and when, and how, and in what order. There feels to be a lot to this game and I can't wait to make it to the end and replay it in a tottaly new way, I'm ashamed to have ignored this game as long as I have.Also this port works superb for me. Have not had a single crash or any problem with the game it self at all. Runs smooth and is definitely a joy to play, it even makes me feel better to have taken advantage of the summer sale deal on it and bought it for only 5 dollers, it's definitely a good investment to consider since if you at all enjoy adventure games, story driven games, games like ""Heavy Rain"", then you will like this game.The only reason I can see someone not liking the game is if you don't enjoy single player, stories, tank controls, or thought processing.EDIT (9/27/15): Just beat the game for the first time, it was quite an experience, I still feel the same way as I had written before, absolutely great game, with a great story. I look forward to playing it again sometime from now, and make some different major choices than I hadn't decided to go with.Absolutely great."
,Recommended,312840,25536357,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,EF,"I've always realllllly wanted to play a game from Quantic Dream, and since I'm not gonna pay 300$ us to JUST to play Hard Rain, I decided to give their ""first"" game off it's style.I'm only about 5-6hrs into the story/game, and do not rgret buying this game at all.Sometimes the qte/events in F:IP I want to see in other cyoa games, like the psuedo-cyoa stories that Telltale give us. I feel TT need a few lessons from Fahrenheit.Sure this ancient game still has a number of bugs that were in the same nonremastered version.Doesn't really bother me, story is compelling for me"
76561198087413029,Recommended,312840,25657032,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,georgi.patchov,"Compelling story, the pioneering of 'interactive drama' game genre. You will have to make quick time-based decisions. The graphics are old, there are few technical glitches that spoil it a little bit, but it is playable and I enjoyed it immensily.One thing - play it with Joystick! The mouse-and-keyboard was very hard for me. It was designed for joysticks, I used the PS4 one with this free software -DS4Windows(http://ds4windows.com/). Worked great."
,Recommended,312840,23044448,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chrispy,I absolutely love this game. Played it on Xbox back in the days and I still enjoyed it when I got it last year. The QTE get kinda boring because they are basically the same all the time but the (♥♥♥♥ed up) story keept me going.
,Recommended,312840,28056298,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,host leave plz,"The only true nominee for the ""Test of Time"" steam award."
,Not Recommended,312840,18805254,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Propellergator,"The true story of one man's struggle against bad guitar controls as he attempts to win back his ex-girlfriend. Also, hilarious sex scenes. And weirdly out of place basketball destuction of one of your co-workers. Otherwise, an endless stream of quicktimes events and some mediocre plot involving Mayan doomsday prophesy wank.It has its moments, but those moments come at the expense of endless dull QTE flicking around. And when I say endless, I mean ♥♥♥♥ing endless. You sometimes even have to do QTE events to make your character think harder. The ♥♥♥♥?"
,Recommended,312840,31073408,Posted: 10 April,all,Fulltimespy,"Awesome game if you like good stories, not a big fan of the quicktime events, but it's just something you got to ""endure""."
,Recommended,312840,14495175,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,JP Shadowman,"I've been playing this game on multiple platforms for years, and I still can't get enough of it. This Steam version is the unedited and remastered version of the game, which looks nicely polished. The original Indigo Prophecy had a grainy look to it. I suppose that they foolishly added this to the game to give it a movie feel; that grainy look is gone in this Steam version, thankfully.This game is an interactive movie with a great soundtrack, and a well written storyline. This game is almost perfect! My only slight complaint with the game is that some scenes have fixed camera positions, which can be awkward, while other scenes in this game allow a full 360 degree motion with the camera. I would have liked to see them allow the full 360 degree motion with the camera in all of the scenes, but it didn't happen. All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198027757459,Not Recommended,312840,29557860,Posted: 28 January,all,UncleDanno,"First off, I did actually enjoy most of this game. The first 2/3s of it anyway. Then it quickly goes down hill.Pros:- Story has a strong start, surrounded in mystery.- 3 main characters are interesting enough.- Game content has aged pretty well.- Some QTE's suit the situation, putting the player under stress.- The main characters' mental health gauge is an interesting mechanic.Cons:- Controls are absolutely terrible. A game pad is a must, unless you are a PC master race fiend.- A lot of the end story isn't explained very well for a story driven game. Random people and clans are added with hardly any explanation at all.- The last 1/3 of the game turns into a s**t storm of QTE's, that become very tiresome very quickly.- Awkward looking sex scenes.- One of the characters just disappears near the end, never to be heard of again.-The fact that Carla goes from wanting to put Lucas behind bars for life, to being madly in love with him in the space of a few days is utter crap. Made even worse by the fact that Lucas isn't even phased about the recent death of his ex-partner, who still cared for him.It was almost as if the writers saw The Matrix just before they decided on an ending and said, ""F**k providing lore and a mystery that isn't solved until the very last second. Lets make the good guy and bad guy fight in midair."" Which is a shame because I spent most the game looking forward to the ending and when I finally got there, I couldn't care less what happened. For a story driven game, that kind of defeats the whole purpose in playing it.Grab it if it's on sale. Just don't have high expectations."
76561198031555641,Not Recommended,312840,14712241,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Corporate_Investher,"I really want to recommend this, but... I cant get through the first couple minutes. It stated 'Full Controller Support', and it's not. Couldnt get through the first scene without reaching for my mouse and/or keyboard."
,Recommended,312840,16512600,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Johnathan,"One of the best game what i played. Great story, amazing soundtrack. Thanks Quantic Dream for this masterpiece. I  advise this game for all, who love deep sense."
76561198022292799,Recommended,312840,34865442,Posted: 10 September,all,thelastone96,"It's a good interactive game, with a good story.Back in the day, was one of those let's-try-something-new games that went out. The story is HEAVILY influenced by the movies back in 2002-2003, specially matrix."
,Recommended,312840,16080750,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,🍊M-I-K-U-X🍊,I don't know why don't is Heavy Rain on steam anyway this game is awesome got story 9/10.
76561198111926068,Recommended,312840,32748359,Posted: 24 June,all,Runrow,"A very nice game with a very capturing story and lovely characters, sometimes the qick time events distract from the scenes but all together a well aged game wich I recommend to everybody"
,Recommended,312840,28852754,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RoseRed08,"I first played this game when I was around 15 and I loved it then. It's been a pleasure to play the remastered version. In my opinion it's a fantastic game with a great soundtrack, good characters and an interesting plot. I had no issues when playing this version of it. It didn't crash at all. Would recommend if you have enjoyed games like Still Life, Penumbra etc"
76561197978049429,Recommended,312840,26079831,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dreamcatcher,"I finally decided to buy this game when it was on sale. I had no idea what to expect and the story managed to get me addicted. The game play is really unique as I have never played a game like this before. For example, swiping the mouse in a certain direction to open a door. The soundtrack is unforgettable and features one of my favourite songs by Theory of a Deadman. The endings are kinda meh, I will keep it at that. One complaint I have is that I had no idea you had to press f9 in order to play the game in ""remastered HD."" You guys could have mentioned that at the beginning of the game as I was lead to believe the game automatically had them on."
76561198202024690,Recommended,312840,20887800,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,adorka6l3grl,"If you owned the PS2 or Xbox version of this game from way back when, it's not much different on the PC. Although everything is pretty much the same, the graphics are much better on the Remastered version here. I've played this game a million times in the past and it continues to be one of my favorites- even though it may not be THAT great of a game/story by others' opinions. I would recommend trying this game at least once because it's not too bad. :)"
76561198035900635,Recommended,312840,14392541,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Citizen Cook,"Fahrenheit's story starts strong but quickly descends into farce.Which unfortunately is a shame since the initial Dinner scene at the beginning of the game is compelling and the three playable characters are realistic and likeable.  (Minus the follow situation: Later in the game a character suddenly, and for no conceivable reason, develops feelings for another person. While I could see the character feeling an attraction towards the other person, and I could see how the situation may well change a person's outlook, I found it totally out of character for this person to express their love for said character. Worse, there is actually a naked sex scene in minus 50 degree weather!The narrative David Cage spins is a mash-up of old science fiction and fantasy tropes rather than anything new or original.Gameplay is a mess. The camera is atrocious and an over reliance on quick time events leaves the gameplay feeling rather shallow.Art direction, backgrounds, and character models are nice, as is the games soundtrack.Despite all the negativity, I do actually like this game. I just wish the story made more sense and that the right thumbstick was reserved for the free movement of the game's camera.If my review hqasn't put you off from trying this game and you later find yourself sharing similar views to me, then I would suggest giving Heavy Rain a go. The gameplay problems persist but the story is much, MUCH better.I give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,312840,14222810,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,LittleChestnut,The most shocking gameplay experience i ever had(When i first played in 2006)
76561197978642715,Recommended,312840,23043112,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Paytak Penguen,This is a good game with its unique revolutionary gameplay features. I enjoyed every second of it.
,Not Recommended,312840,32410914,Posted: 14 June,all,Dalek soldier,"Remastered? LIES! Not a single polygon was changed. A few textures were upgraded, and the settings now allow you higher resolutions. Nothing else was changed. They didn't fix the clunky controls when the camera changes, they didn't even fix the bullets flying backwards in the Confrontation scene."
76561198123028067,Recommended,312840,17397717,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,georgiafyt,"One of the best game I've ever played, with great story and great characters"
76561198043330655,Recommended,312840,25572378,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,xunufobe,don't move or ill shoot
76561198019869431,Recommended,312840,33389813,Posted: 8 July,all,[AON]ChaosDP,"General previous thoughts:I tried time and time again to play this game with a controller but it was impossible. From time to time the screen glitches but it is not something that one can not work around.The review itself:The game itself is good more for its story than the gameplay and it can be frustrating at times, but it is kind of worthy because the story and the difficulty make you feel accomplished by the end (the ending is kind of effy however).SCORE: 8/10"
,Recommended,312840,33172205,Posted: 3 July,all,†Homeslice†,This game doesnt just jump the shark it jumps the shark into space. Best part of the game is the hidden dance floor definitely. Other than that F. U. C. K. you David Cage.
76561198103424278,Recommended,312840,34891801,Posted: 11 September,all,VonStreff,"GET READY!These words will be burned into your darkest nightmares, as you get to read them a split-second before having to input dual-analog controls at a maddening pace, often while trying to see what is happening behind the prompts, or listening to the dialog. The QTEs are a nightmare, even on easy. Good news? You can fail many of them and keep playing.DON'T MOVE OR I'LL SHOOT!These words echo through your nightmare as well, as you will hear them many times in the painful stealth missions. Bad news: you can't fail these.THIS IS WHERE MY STORY ENDS...The times you fail for real, you get to hear these words. Actually, his summaries are pretty cool.SOI love David Cage games. Beyond 2 Souls and more especially Heavy Rain are up there in my list of all-time favorites. And yes, his controls suck more than a vacuum cleaner in a black hole. But the story and choices are what makes Fahrenheit one of the best games of its time. Storytelling, music, humor, it's all very well executed in this game. Play on easy, idk how much it actually helps, but it's worth a try. Enjoy!Story: 9/10Gameplay: 6/10Music: 7/10Replayability: 7/10"
,Recommended,312840,16239734,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Saytuna,There sex in the game but all i can see are pixels moving with each other in a lewd manner
,Recommended,312840,15830881,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Yirba,"Although some elements of this game felt rather dated, I found that the captivating narrative made for a thrilling experience that made me wonder just what would happen next!"
76561198107944825,Recommended,312840,33306193,Posted: 6 July,all,8braXas,One of the best games I've ever played o.O
,Recommended,312840,23228513,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,RussianHacker,"One of the best games of 2005. As you can see it is a remastered version, which is very big improvment in that game. I would like to talk about Pros and Cons of that game, which migh be useful for you to read before you will buy that game.____________Pros1. The best Story Mode I've ever seen in my life. I think people really tried to get the story very interesting to not get gamers bored while play.2. Actions (For 2005 it was very big improvement like to turn on radio, read newspapers, and get drunk... As I said this game is from 2005 and it is really good for it's age).3. Choice-matter game, that makes you feel what is really going on, you can get in the situation that happens with your character...And if you choose the way to go, it might change your character's feelings and the whole story mode.________________________Cons1. I HATE CONTROLS ! ! ! Controls for this game terrible, and there is no way you can play that game normally (PLEASE CHANGE YOUR CONTROLS ! ! !  )2. Camera is not following the character exactly how it should be (You will see it once you will play it).3. No ""SAVE"" button...to make sure that you saved the game: press ESC (it opens menu), and press ""quit"" with that it will autosave your game without any worries.... NEVER PRESS STOP ! ! !  I accidently lost my story persentage  :(4. *I dont really count it as the Con but still, City is too empty for that game and too small access around, so there is no way that you gonna walk around and discover the city (like in GTA III ).____________I think that's it )))I telling you that you can play this game when you feel bored and don't want to do that much of things, just to chill alone and do some ""lazy"" gaming, because this game is mroe like CHOICE MATTER MOVIE )))) mostly you choose what to do and do some actions for a quick time. I don't have to say that much of stuff about this game, but I defently recomend you to play this game especially if you are fan of old games and retro stuff  :DI wish you guys the best game time to spend in this game.  :D"
,Recommended,312840,33252722,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr.Makaveli™ (R),"Things are never quite what they seem. We think we understand the world around us but we really only see the outside. What it seems to be. I used to be just like you. I believed in humanity, the newspapers, soap commercials, politics and even history books. One day the world kicks you in the teeth and you don't have any choice but to see things the way they really are.The story is amazing.. wayyyyyy too underrate and the gameplay is fineamazing game from 2005You were simply at the wrong place, at the wrong time... 10/12"
,Recommended,312840,31750967,Posted: 14 May,all,super crazy lsd fox,So much love <3
,Recommended,312840,19078271,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,DeadPanAsh,This was my first time experiencing the game and I must say that I was not dissapointed. My only regret was taking so long to play after purchasing it a few months ago.The story is strong and I felt so engaged that I had trouble getting up out of my chair just to use the restroom. I found myself reacting to every moment.I am very pleased with the interestling use of mouse motion needed to complete different tasks. I have yet to experience this type of control in a game and although I was really confused in the beginning I found myslef really liking it after getting the hang of it.If you enjoys games that focus mainly on story then this is the game for you.
76561197974952473,Recommended,312840,14345641,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sh +},"Best game of 2005.Graphics looks old now, in 2015, but this is still one of the best game that ever existed. 9/10"
,Recommended,312840,17257906,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"(I haven't finished the game, so I can't confirm if the final act sucks or not)This game is actually pretty good...Pros-Good voice acting-Clever use of splitscreen technology-Intriguing plot that really hooks you in-Nice PC port from the XboxCons-Bad controls (I refer to them as Tank Controls)-No windowed modeOverall, it's a good game. I think it'd be better with a gamepad, though."
,Recommended,312840,17354359,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bayside,"One of my favorite games of all time has been remastered on Steam, and thats this game. You play a man who has the world's most bizarre experience and must find a way to fix everything. I love this game. Buy it and play it to the end. You'll love it aswell I'm sure."
,Recommended,312840,14274494,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,pain meat,"Murdered a man, got super powers, got laid, got good ending. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,312840,27351563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mithras O_+,"Indigo Prochecy, is one of those story type games. (is not a bad thing)Pros:Voice Acting is pretty decentGraphics may seem dated but i still feel they get the job doneControls and gameplay are pretty straight forward and simple.  (Quick timed events, cmon guys they aint that bad)Cons:The story... at first it seems great and interesting but as you progress through the game the plot tends to get lost and character development goes out the window as the characters start performing actions that arent really explained as to why or how. With many things happening in the story that are never explained either.Overall the game starts off well but it gets worse towards the middle and the end. It feels like the game was rushed and the story suffered because of this. Ive seen a few articles saying that this was supposed to be split into three games but it did not happen so they packed it all together into one game.5/10 - what could have been :(side note: I can't really see any difference between the original and the remastered version...except for lighting seeming a tiny bit different?"
76561198018602822,Not Recommended,312840,15316890,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,lordclane,"The graphics are reasonable, and the story line intriguing.  HOWEVER, playing with keyboard controls, the interface is clumsy, and while there may be a few out there with superhumanly fast reflexes who can do it, the special actions with the two-handed ""Simon Game"" type control seems to be impossible no matter how many times one tries.  Even on the ""easy"" setting, by my clock, you have about 1/15 seconds to respond by hitting one of four keys with your left hand and one of a different four with your right... in brief, literally the blink of an eye.  Maybe the game was designed for a slower processor, but on my 2.7 GHz machine, no matter how many times I repeat a segment, a success on this particular control seems to be impossible.  Success in these activities may not be necessary to proceed in the game, but a ""built in"" failure process greatly detracts from what would otherwise be an extremely enjoyable exercise.It might be better with a controller, but, otherwise, I can only recommend this game for those who have super-fast reflexes and/or don't mind the frustration of not being able to achieve success in entire subsets of the story."
,Not Recommended,312840,15105458,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SS グレッグ,was looking foward to playing this but after launching after the first logo it black screens and i cant play 10/10-ign was of my money
,Not Recommended,312840,14289540,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PatrickJenJen,"One of the worst games ever. One of the worst game stories ever written down. This developers and writers did put a laughingstock of a game together.It even lacks on the technical side. The quicktimeevents let my fingers hurt.But the worst are the ""stealth"" sections. A psychopathic camera follows you while you have to avoid soldiers in an army base. It is just terrible.I don't know how I managed to play this game through to the end, It is exhausting to play.I give you a hint where the story leads to: Acient Mayan prophecies. And the Internet.Don't by it. If you do, your getting a stiff neck from all the head shaking you will do while experiencing this story.I like interactive Game/Movie-Stories. The graphics in this game are ok for the age of it. But I hate such a convoluted mess off a story."
76561198044258778,Recommended,312840,14224863,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Paperinukke,"Before Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls David Cage wrote and directed the interactive movie called ""Fahrenheit"". It's bizarre, it's ""unique"" and it has Angelo Badalamenti. Cage is no David Lynch, but if you like Lynch's work I'm sure you will enjoy this ride as well, at least in some twisted way.I loved this game when I played it on PS2 and I still do. An instant cult classic. Time may have not been too tender to this game when considering the graphics, but it still works. Keep your mind open and step into the world of Fahrenheit!"
,Recommended,312840,14233103,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,NOMOSKY,david cage is a fraud
76561198020477062,Recommended,312840,31050841,Posted: 9 April,all,Raph,"Oh god, why? Why does it have to end like this? I was so happy and excited about the first part of this game. It was fun and promising... But... this plot...What the hell is this plot?It goes in all directions possible, combining a pile of unstructured bizarre ideas that just make no sense.They also decided it was a good idea to make people fall in love after 5 minutes knowing each other, like, here's a men, here's a women and here's love... really they should have just stick to the first part...I played this game after I finished Beyond Two Souls (which was a pure delight) and Heavy Rain (which I enjoyed), so I just see Farenheint as their first try to round up all their ideas; fortunately they got better with time.The QTE are fun, but sometimes too long - and the controls and camera angle are annoying.I'm still traumatised about what comes after the Forgotten Love achievement, I'll just leave it here..... Cool thing is that I got it without even trying, I must be a true seducer? XDLong story short, I'd recommend it but having in mind that only the first part is interesting."
76561197970629293,Recommended,312840,30287965,Posted: 2 March,all,Ser Eddard Stark,"One of the best games i have ever played, not very intresting gameplay but highly interesting and exciting story, i highly recommend this game to everyone who loves good storys and deep characters"
76561198049318339,Recommended,312840,32889891,Posted: 27 June,all,BlackDynamite,One of my favorite games of all time. I first played it when it came out for Xbox. I want a PS4 so I can play Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls.
,Recommended,312840,27330568,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ornella,"this game literally never gets old. one of the best decision-games i've played, almost along with heavy rain."
,Recommended,312840,28081718,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,almmanaga,"One of the best stories! Thank You, David Gage!"
,Recommended,312840,28082286,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Marjaviini,"Okay, so I have mixed feelings about this game.On one hand, it's old and it's still QuanticDream, so you can forgive many things. But not the controls and not the camera! Man! No swear words are enough for those. I saw that the game supported a controller, but hey, I'm just a regular PC gamer with my keys & mouse for playing. Playing this game was really a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Good thing that there are almost no episodes where you have to run somewhere and do stuff super quick, otherwise you'd be screwed. The fighting & mini-games keyboard sequences weren't as bad as I thought at first, I even started enjoying them because I always won, but of course they'd be a lot better with a joystick. Then, the episodes with breathing/balancing exercises... UGH, when you have to  be constantly watching and pressing the arrows, looking around and walking at the same time! I mean, really, ugh.As for the story: I see now why so many people talk about the great beginning and a so-so end. I liked the first chapters, especially the ability to switch between characters. The characters were nice, too, until by the end of the game they started behaving in a really weird manner. *Spoiler alert* I mean, detective Carla spent all her time aggressively hunting a violent murderer, then suddenly she's shaking hands with the now-dead figutive and the next thing you know she's confessing her love to him, having sex and carrying his Indigo baby. I mean... *End of spoiler alert* I also think the developers just tried to squeeze too much into one story, and it didn't fit in smoothly. But hey, it was still fun.So yeah, the game wasn't always logical. But I think it's worth playing just as we watch old movies. The music is nice, too. Fahrenheit has many features Quantic developed in their further games, and there are lots of references, which I liked. Nothing beats Heavy Rain, though - which is basically Fahrenheit without any things paranormal (but with weird things AI),  some scenes there basically copy Fahrenheit. But it's much better written and made - and runs only on consoles, alas..."
,Recommended,312840,14707380,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Halflight,"Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy could be best described as an interactive movie directed by David Cage and published by Quantic Dream during 2005. The player takes controls of Lucas, a man who finds himself a murderer for reasons beyond his control, and Carla and Tyler, two detectives from the New York police department investigating on the same murderers where Lucas is involved.If you are familiar with the other works from Cage (namely, Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls on the Playstation 3), then you already know what you're in for. If not, Fahrenheit plays out as a typical adventure game: you must interact with items and talk to people in order to advance, the only difference being the whole ""cinematic"" feel of the whole thing (your movements are limited and you use quick time events to perform several actions). The formula is broken only on rare occasions (there are two stealth sequences, for instance) and the tasks you will be asked to complete vary a lot. At various points in the game you can take choices that will alter the main story, for better or worse: the adventure features different endings, with the very final sequences being a big factor in which one you'll get.Another important gameplay mechanic from Fahrenheit is the sanity meter of the three characters: each one will get more or less depressed as the events of the story unfolds, with dire consequences if a character will get too hopeless. Performing certain actions or picking precise choices can increase or decrease a protagonist's sanity, althought this vary from character to character and honestly sometimes there is no any way to know in advance.There are in-game bonus cards that can be found scattered across the various sequences, sometimes in view, sometimes hidden in drawers and such. They award bonus points that can be later used at the end of the game to purchase concept art, movies and other goodies.One of the main problems I experienced in Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy are not about how omnipresent the QTEs are, but how tricky they can actually be. While playing expect to be suddendly tasked to clear various QTEs in rapid succession, with a lot of buttons to press at the right time. It's worth mentioning that failing most QTEs will result in a game over and the necessity to reload the game from the last checkpoint, but sometimes failing a QTE is necessary to achieve certain results, down to the very multiple endings: the game doesn't explain this at all. You should also know that using a keyboard could carry some technical difficulties too (button presses not being recorded and such).Another problem from Fahrenheit worth mentioning is that the unexpected gameplay changes and some special sequences could be a serious issue for first time players and are mostly about trial and error (I'm referring to the far too many timed missions with Lucas, where you have to peform certain action in order to dodge a game over in the short time given, or two stealth sequences I mentioned above).To end this review, you may have heard that Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy's story gets a bit ... twisted towards the end. I'd agree with that statement: while what we could call the first act of the game drags far longer than necessary, the second and the third act introduces so many outlandish and complicated elements that never have enough time to be properly fleshed out. While this was due to a severe executive medding, we can only judge what we have in our hands.The remastered version doesn't add any new content whatsoever and provides mainly a graphical overhaul for HD displays.In short, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy is an interesting experimental game with an average story and a very tense gameplay, but it's very easy to find it entertaining at least"
,Not Recommended,312840,29437564,Posted: 22 January,all,killkenny,"like many other people say, first half is very intense, but then.. it's missing the connection to the second half.No explanation of how characters developed such intimate relationship.Then ends the show abruptly.A good way of executing story driven experience, yet missing I'd say about 1/3 if not half of the story.And also very tiring quicktime events.Heavy rain is indeed the perfect successor, but sucks for those who don't own ps."
76561198162172968,Recommended,312840,33346844,Posted: 7 July,all,WolfRhey,"This game is a masterpiece (quite what I was expecting from Quantic Dream). I highly recommand it to anyone who is looking for a game with a rich story. You can get this game for a more than decent price (I got my copy for 2.19 CAD during steam summer sale 2017). Even if you got it at it's regular price, it is defenitely worth it.Positive aspects:- Great story- The game looks great for its age- Perfect game to play when you want to chill and watch a movie- Amazing soundtracksNegative aspects:- sometimes, the controller settings can be a little bit laggy- The ""Don't move or I'll shoot"" levels XDOverall:Overall, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered is an amazing game that is worth giving a try. If you like games that are like movies (Heavy Rain, Beyond: Two Souls, Life is Strange, etc.), you will certainly like this game.Hope that this review was useful! (It is my first one and English is not my main language)Happy gaming to y'all!"
76561198025562397,Recommended,312840,33277243,Posted: 5 July,all,Jappe,Very nice
76561198005406030,Recommended,312840,23238728,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Silence1684,"I remember playing this back on Xbox, and then downloading the uncut Fahrenheit on my laptop. Both are now relics of the past. But not this game, the remaster is excellent. I personally play with a controller, much easier in my opinion. Controls are spot on, graphics look great for what they are. The branching story is so much fun to play around with. If you've ever played Heavy Rain and enjoyed, you must try its predecessor."
,Recommended,312840,24029430,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AirRai,"Decent game, you will enjoy it if you enjoyed games like Heavy Rain. Would recommend buying during a sale.Pros:-Good Story-Multiple endings-play as multiple characters-fully voicedCons:-Bad Camera angles-awkward controls with mouse and keyboard even after re-binding-WORST QTEs(Quick Time Events) EVER!!!!!!!!! (DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU HATE QTEs, this game brings bad QTEs to a whole new level)"
,Recommended,312840,14299825,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Not much of a remaster going on but its well worth the money.Score: 8,50/10"
,Recommended,312840,33136047,Posted: 2 July,all,Peariden,"This game may be old but storytelling and sountracks was really impressive, you can finish, every player has a different choices and different endings so that is also amazing.We will be more powerful than Godsand that was one of the last words he said to Lucashttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=96218267"
76561198062837507,Not Recommended,312840,33439622,Posted: 10 July,all,captawesome17,"By far the most exasperating game I've ever played.  The story goes so far off the rails so quickly, and it probably wouldn't make up for the tiresome and redundant gameplay even if it had been more cohesive.  It features a bizarre mishmash of supernatural elements that could have made for a great game if handled better, and spends way too much time focusing on pointless details of the characters' personal lives.  I understand that it's supposed to be more like a movie, but come on.  Too busy with intrusive button-pressing sequences to be able to watch what was happening half of the time, anyway.  I had very high hopes, but in the end I just regret spending as much time as I did on this trainwreck."
76561198166207978,Not Recommended,312840,14606048,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,paulswax1,Left mouse function does not work on iMac Version of this game (Remastered) - how can I get it to work or is there another key that can function in place of the left mouse key?Does anyone out there know?
,Recommended,312840,28987858,Posted: 3 January,all,buffjape,"Great adventure game. A long and interesting story, fairly easy to play but gripping.Downside: The control system is in your face during action sequences - you cannot experience them because you have to concentrate on the coloured dots. That's a waste of gameplay.Otherwise a very enjoyable game. Short and sweet."
76561198257446976,Recommended,312840,29120818,Posted: 8 January,all,ProChoicePriest,"I actually like this game more than heavy rain. This game has a better story in my opinion and you dont despise the character in the story line, I wish they made more games like this today instead of the same bull♥♥♥♥♥♥fps games that keep coming out."
76561198114817545,Recommended,312840,19431098,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LudoKai,"Short review: It's incredible but there's some serious issues that can be game-breaking in some cases.Longer review:Okay so it's a remaster of a game back from 2005. In 2005 this game was amazing. Is it now? Well..yes. It is.The visuals are a little dated but they're still really good for what they are.The gameplay is a mix of free-movement and QTE's but they're done in a way that don't become immediately boring. You can even crank up the difficulty of the QTE's or even tone them down [if you're wanting to play it simply for story]The story? Damn it's crazy. It's a supernatural murder-mystery with emphasis on the characters. Not just character development but managing a characters feelings, stress and things like that.The puzzles are great but what makes it unique is how you handle them. The best way to explain this is a particular part of the story where you're supposed to composite a sketch of the murderer. If you do it right then it will depress your murderer and make it harder to play as him. If you do the sketch wrong then it'll depress the investigators and make it harder for them. It's a real risk-reward system that I adore.That all sounds positive, right? Well..there's issues.A lot of people are reporting getting a black screen and issues even setting the game up. In my case I literally have to spam enter when I boot it up and then I've got to go through a set of menu's in French [I don't speak French so it's not fun].I've even got a couple of friends that have said flat out that this won't run because of the issues. The Dev's know of the issue and I've come across forums where they've admitted they don't even know what's causing the issue.All in all, I think this is great. I loved it 10 years ago and I love it today.Also make sure you use a controller.Also David Cage is in this game and he can't pronounce English and it's kinda hilarious :')"
,Not Recommended,312840,14287311,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Eru,"Here's another fad of the game industry which proves its cancerous state: hd remakes, remasters an the likes of them.I played Fahrenheit back in the days for 1 hour or so, I lost the CD and that's about it. While I was always interested in the game, the storyline and the atmosphere, I've never bothered to continue my journey into it. I was too poor and lazy to afford another copy.Actually, I do have to admit that remakes allow people like me - those who didn't bother to buy into something at the time - or fresh gamers to experience goodies from the past. It's just that I'm not okay with giving that much amount of money to a company which does not care at all how their final product turns out. The thought alone that some people acquired the rights to publish Indigo Prophecy in 1080p glory, did a poor job at updating the graphics and added mind-blowing controller support (which isn't needed, at all, but a nice extra) and are charging 9 € for it is quite disturbing. Those guys didn't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for that game and are cashing in dem Dollars and Monopoly Monies.That's the problem with all those new old games. People don't give a ♥♥♥♥, in most cases. They just want to make money.Buuuut besides that, Fahrenheit does not deliver the experience I expected it would deliver. Just look behind the qtes, that's the least offender. Personally, I can enjoy a video game if it delivers on some levels - eg story, artstyle, music, you name it. Problem is, the story of this game starts of really promising, only to show you one big middle finger after half of it. Seriously, don't even bother. I admit that I had fun for the first 2 hours, really, but everything after that is just one big disappointing mess of bad and unambitious writing. The godawful quick time events make matters worse.Don't invest your money in this. Buy 2 packs of cigarettes, get some cheap vodka and have a buzz, have some Wendy's, anything. It's not worth your money."
,Recommended,312840,17442930,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,WarrenVsEvil,"This game has a pretty good story and the quick time events certainly get your blood pumping, it engages the player on different levels as well, but ultimately this game in the midst of games today is severely dated and that really shows through, no such signs of the HD REMASTERING to be seen, although i'm sure if I played it back on PlayStation1 or whatever it was released for, it would look slightly worse but not by a lot.it's sort of like a karaoke of video games, it's fun if a few people get together and try playing it all, or as much as possible, in one session.Good one for the nostalgia, though."
76561197992353193,Recommended,312840,33746417,Posted: 23 July,all,CrazyIvan,"Occasionally frustrating, but totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,312840,14560659,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Chizzle,"Played this years ago on Xbox and loved it. Wanted to experience it again, and I would...if I could get it to run. Black screen  and stack error on launch every time. Followed the devs instructions for a fix, did nothing to aid the issue. Great game if you can play it, but don't purchase it on PC. (Windows 7 64bit)"
,Recommended,312840,20761963,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,BoxxKn1gh7,"David ""you the man"" Cage is the M. Night Shyamalan of story driven video games. I cannot express my geekiness  enough saying that this man is a genius in writing mystery, detective, horror, supernatural stories that all have a bunch of twists. My first quantic dream game i played was Heavy Rain on the ps3, and let me tell you this i went into that game thinking it was going to be like Max Payne with 3rd person shooting and stuff. Boy was i wrong, it was heavily based on qte (quick time events) and decision making throughout the game. I played it through to the end and loved it, game of the year contender for 2010 for me hahaha and earned a place in my library of games. So on to Fahrenheit, first of all i had no idea this came before Heavy Rain and never knew it was on the Ps2 back when i had the console. But thank God they remastered in HD and on PC :p. Now this game is a bit different then Heavy Rain interms of Realism but i love the fact it didnt lose Cage's flavor. So please people stop playing call of duty for a day and give this game a go, you will not regret it, I promise you."
,Recommended,312840,31828371,Posted: 18 May,all,Codename 47,"Amazing Game. I first played on this game about 11 years ago when it was first relased on xbox. I am so happy that Steam provided me the chance to play this amazing game again. You take the role of a regular human called Lucas cane living a ordinary life until the game starts. The game opens where lucas is seen taking another humans life whilst being possed by Spoiler. This game takes you on a muder/mystrey thrill ride with amazing game mechanics, voice acting and aniamtion with a amazing story plot. Quantic Dream is a amazing company that also been respoinsble for titles such as Heavy Rain, Beyond two souls and a game called Detroit which is coming out soon. I can only dream to work for a company this good.Pros:Great Animation workAmazing voice actorsAmazing Story plotAmazing GraphicsEverything about this game is amazingCons:To put it in a simple context there is nothing about this game that is bad everything about is just sheer genius. Kick other game studios asses10/10"
,Recommended,312840,19663456,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sylveonica,Amazing Movie9.8/10
76561197971578911,Not Recommended,312840,19991236,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Flyboy Connor,"Awful controls. A deluge of highly annoying quicktime events. Laughably bad graphics. Pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.""Remastering"" is not equivalent to ""modernizing"".If you cannot stand quicktime events, are allergic to ""supernatural"", or do not like to really struggle with controls, make sure you give this one a miss."
,Recommended,312840,14235699,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,InsomniaJacket,Turned on the apartment stereo and the game crashed.But that's okay.  I get that way too when I hear Theory of a Deadman.10/10
,Not Recommended,312840,33644976,Posted: 18 July,all,Yureina,"...That was some weird sh*t.This is one of those well-known old games that I never got around to playing. At first, it started off fairly interesting, but as time went on the plot got more and more bizarre. Alot of supernatural insanity, poorly explained story events, and stuff that seemed unneccesary or thrown in because reasons. But... the final nail in the coffin is the ""gameplay"" that consists of some ok adventure game elements, but an endless amount of annoying QTE's. Having most of the game be alot of pressing buttons to match what appears on screen isn't my idea of fun. Also I'm pretty sure this is the first game i've ever played with an ""interactive"" sex scene. Still don't know why they included that, but it did at least have more build-up than the Matrix-esque QTE fight scenes.At least the game wasn't that long, so I finished it fairly quickly. Allows me to move on to something more fun and less... weird. :o(Unless the next game I play ends up being weird too. >_<)"
,Not Recommended,312840,14283017,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Herr Gamer,"Honestly, I don't really know if I can recommend this game or not. The first half (~4 hours long) is pretty good, other than the fact that it's basically QTE Simulator 2015 (but with graphics of 2004) and a great experience. Though, in the second half, the game (Mostly the storyline, though they put even more unneccesary stuff that just makes the game boring and even MORE QTE's in) goes to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't want to spoil anything, but it got so ridicoulus that I just stopped playing. I think I was near the end, however, it just got too dumb to continue, I honestly didn't want to put any more of my time into it."
,Not Recommended,312840,24054634,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rain,One of my fav games aged like trash. Many games from the 90's still have much more playability than Fahrenheit. Even on sale - its not worth the price.
76561198280483939,Not Recommended,312840,24926093,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,VoxAnomaly,"Game simply wont start. Crashes on load screen after showing developer logo.There were some possible fixes I found in the forums but they didnt work.Refund requested, and I definitely can't recommend risking this headache."
76561198170907242,Not Recommended,312840,15617525,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Amine,"The controls are the most frustrating you will encounter in the genre. There is a good plot, storyline with some character flaws, but the controls make this game unplayable as far as I am concerned. I also wish there was a mode where one can choose one character and stick to it, as now, many time you will find your self sort of playing against you self, and not necessarily in a challenging."
,Not Recommended,312840,20272547,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lite,"Terrible camera and controls. As far as QTE I wouldn't know because I had only one scene containing that, since due to terrible controls I can't event pass the second scene (police knocking on the door)."
76561197960456205,Recommended,312840,18958209,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kraizim,"This is a game that I played way back in 2005 when it first came out, and this is probably my third playthrough. I enjoyed the game a lot back then, and still found it entertaining this time around.The story starts out very strong and hooks you into the game straight away. The characters are all well written, and the dialogue, for the most part, is good.However, It is clear that midway through development, the team either ran out of money or time and just decided to quickly finish the game and ship it out. The story comes to a very rushed and an extremely unsatisfactory end.Nonetheless, the good parts are very good, and the overall experience is worth playing through."
,Recommended,312840,19033875,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,amy,"A weird, brilliant, beautiful game that's still my favorite, after ten years and hundreds (thousands?) of other games. In the first scene you're standing over a body that you can't remember killing, and it doesn't slow down from there. There's a ""stress"" game mechanic where you have to drink coffee, have sex, and do other morale-boosting things to keep from going totally insane. Which, under the circumstances, is a challenge. (Doing things like leaving bloody clothing where people can see it? Stressful, and there may not be enough coffee in the world to make up for it.)I'm having trouble explaining why this game is so amazing... the epic plot is one not everyone appreciates (it could've used a sequel or two to expand on what's eventually revealed about the underlying world and causes) but that's not really the point. You're fighting to survive, make sense of the world, and keep your mind intact from one scene to the next. It's immersive to the point that if your character gets hit, you wince.By the way, you play as three distinct characters (mostly) so you'll be thrown into the shoes of people who sometimes have different agendas, one after the other. Have fun trying to simultaneously cover up and investigate a crime - it'll make your head spin, but in a good way."
,Recommended,312840,18917178,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,✌ orgrinRT,"I'm speechless.So this game is something that is very trendy these days (Like TTG and such), but made quite a long time ago!?I was impressed by all of it. The story, the game mechanics, puzzles... everything was right in order.You really need to play this. Even if you didn't like this kind of games, you will learn to love this one, and as a gateway, the rest of the lot like Life is strange or TTG games.Buy it already!"
76561198044520691,Recommended,312840,20666787,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[114] Leif Jester,Fantastic game!
76561198037817404,Recommended,312840,28132482,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jake Frost,"Before the likes of Tell-Tale Games, and from the same studio that created Hard Rain, this great game helped break the ground for the Interactive Cinema genre in video games. Released in 2005, Fahrenheit's graphics and gameplay are still very palatable, albeit a bit dated.Quantum Dream is a developer well known for their story driven titles, and this game is no exception. The narrative will take you in some strange directions, but if you relax and take things in stride you will find your time on this game enjoyable and well-spent.For the price, especially while on sale, I'd say it's worth it."
76561198083954161,Recommended,312840,28278624,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,arvigeus,Story: 7/10Controls: 1/10Ending 5/10I had a blast with this game. There are some intentionally funny moments. There are some unintentionally funny moments - like seemingly endless drinks. I made Carla to drink 30 coffees and there were no consequences. Or spinning an old lady in a wheelchair like a merry-go-round. There are some awkward nudity and sex scenes that feels forced and out of place. The action is the worst kind of QTE - you actually hardly can pay attention what happens on screen. But the story is what pushes the game forward and make it interesting.
,Not Recommended,312840,16260871,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,rchavik,"BUY if you want to get throw lots of endless/stupid qte crap of which when you die, you get to do the whole thing again.would not buy again 0/10"
76561198069834430,Recommended,312840,25407982,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MassDestructo,"I used to play this game on Xbox, coming up ten years ago. It's such a great game with an engaging storyline and game mechanics, when I saw it on Steam I just had to buy it to bring back the memories and relive those moments I had with it on Xbox.It's also great to see that achievements have recently been added, it goes to show someone out there (or possibly a group of people) are still enthusiastic about keeping the game replayable and great.For these reasons I had to give this a Recommended, although I have been having technical problems with the game... It has the occasional crash/no response, I don't know if it's just a bad port but I looked at the other reviews and some of them are posting that they have the same issue with crashes, it has certainly killed a lot of the enjoyment of being able to replay the game all these years later, and for personal issues relating to my computer I am unable to verify my game files with ease. I hope a solution to the crashes is brought up soon..."
76561198085259402,Not Recommended,312840,18062221,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,legume,"The first chunk of the game was amazing, but the plot went crazy past the halfway mark. The QTEs became more and more frustrating, the last few parts seemed super rushed, and the ending in general was pretty underwhelming. Doesn't really live up to the hype."
76561198119681458,Recommended,312840,33012179,Posted: 29 June,all,BeaTriX,6/10
,Recommended,312840,20023843,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mxm,"Great story, would recommend to anyone who likes games with a lot of story and cutsences. Controls are a bit strange, but feel fine after a small while"
,Recommended,312840,16026051,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ticklish Wizard,"Had more sex in this game than in real life, 10/10"
76561197995294703,Recommended,312840,15702675,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jonesforever,"Antes de jogar o Heavy Rain e o Beyond: Two Souls (infelizmente esses fantásticos jogos só estão disponíveis para PlayStation3) este foi o primeiro jogo que eu joguei, que foi desenvolvido pela Quantic Dreams e desde esse momento, eu soube logo ali que todo o tipo de jogos que fossem feitos por essa companhia seriam uma obra de arte, eu preciso mesmo de falar de como a história do jogo está bem contruída e de que o jogador pode influenciar essa mesma história com algumas decisões duras, (como no The Walking Dead), mas com algumas diferenças, uma vez que a maioria das decisões não são apenas feitas de palavras, mas sim de acções, um jogo que vai testar a tua capacidade de pensar rápido e de lidar com as consequências de todos os teus actos, acompanhando com uma história emocionante, tens mesmo de o jogar...!Before i played Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls (unfortunately those fantastic games are only available to PlayStation3), this was the first game i have played, that was developed by Quantic Dreams and since that moment, i knew right there that any kind of game that could be made by that company was a master piece, i really need to talk about how that story of the game is well contructed and how the player can influence that same story with some really tough decisions (like The Walking Dead), but with some differences, since each most of the decisions are not only made by words, but also by actions, a game that will test your capacity to think fast and deal with the consequences of your acts, right along with this exciting story, you really need to play it...!"
,Recommended,312840,15875689,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,chiffaa,"Super game. Just try it! And don't forget to play ""Heavy Rain"" and ""Beyond: Two Souls"" after."
76561198072508763,Not Recommended,312840,16433391,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Static,"Honestly, I bought this game because I remembered playing the first 15 minutes of it on a demo disc for ps2 years ago, and what the game turns out to be is much different than what I expected of it.It starts off that Lucas kills a man while possessed or in a trance, and after he flees the scene, you control two detectives, Carla and Tyler, in charge of the case. Lucas tries to figure out what happened to him, and Carla and Tyler notice there is something strange with this case. Soon after, the plot takes a twisted dive off the deep end into a river of burning sh*t, like someone decided to drop acid part way through writing this game. I'm pointing my finger at you, David Cage.With a war between two clans of Mayans magicians and Artificial Intelligence ""things"" to find a child who knows the answer to a question that will grant ten thousand years of power. Then, they pulled a Sixth Sense twist with Lucas being dead the whole time, being controlled by a ""module in his cortex"" by the A.I. and Lucas gets superpowers from no where that he actually had the whole time, so wtf.So, after that huge spoiler alert, I stopped trying to figure out what was going on, and ultimately stopped playing the game before I could finish it.Since the story decided to f*ck my brain, I forced myself to concentrate on the actual gameplay mechanics to try and get through the rest of this game. Which may have been a bad idea, as I may have had better luck tolerating this game if I took my skull-f*cking like a man and tried to figure out the story. First, you control the most mundane tasks for the characters.*swipe left to open top drawer*""It's empty.""*swipe left to close the top drawer**swipe down to open the bottom drawer*""The thing I need is in here.""*swipe up to take the thing**swipe down to close the bottom drawer*I'm pretty sure the only reason why the game didn't make you swipe left to move your left foot, and right for your right foot, just to walk forward; was because you had to do that for a few climbing sequences, and it was unbearable for those short periods of time; also QWOP wasn't made until a few years after this game came out. Second, if you aren't walking around looking at things, or talking to someone, the game plays a cutscene with a quick time events overlay. Which, turns every badass fight scene in Indigo Prophecy into a game of ""Simon Says."" The overlay is literally simon says, I wish I was making this up. Finally, there's the conversation mechanic. There is literally no way to predict how the other character will react to a topic you bring up (unlike how it is in Mass Effect or Deus Ex: Human Revolution). But, all their reaction can do is raise or lower your ""mood."" I can't figure out what the mood bar does; characters don't act different and even at zero (""wrecked"" mood) the character won't go off and kill themselves, there's plenty of ways you can do that on your own, on accidentdon't mix pills and alcohol.So, I didn't mind conversations that much, since there was no way to mess them up.tl;dr- Story that took M. Night Shyamalan off guard- Controlling every mundane task- Having to play Simon Says over every cutscene+ Conversation control wasn't bad+ Character mood doesn't change a thing2/5*Solid Meh*not for me"
76561198062030709,Not Recommended,312840,29128844,Posted: 8 January,all,^5Ice Cold,"Keep's crashing in Takeo's bookshop. GAME-BREAKING BUG HERE!I would love to play on pc, but sadly, I cannot progress past the bookshop. For now, I'll just stick to my original xbox copy."
,Not Recommended,312840,17392992,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,T4l0n,"I've really tried to like this game.The plot is good, the atmosphere is amazing, with a great soundtrack.The biggest problem is the gameplay, even if you like qte, this is just too much, the last part of the game is a qte galore and the rest of the game is just too linear to be interesting."
,Recommended,312840,16829452,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Gnarlax,This game aged well. Loved evey single bit of it.
,Not Recommended,312840,22117864,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Serp,"Xbox 360 controller didn't work for me at all (I do not have this problem with any other ""controller compatible"" game), mouse/keyboard controls are awful, camera was wonky, game boots as a black screen unless I mess with it and click around. I quit during the tutorial out of frustration. Bad purchase."
,Not Recommended,312840,21244793,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,LIMP,it dosent work
76561198154134794,Recommended,312840,17562919,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ScheBron,"From the director of Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls, Fast Time Moments Every Damn Time, Helluva Story, Another Emotional Game,1 of MA FAVORITES GAMES EVA MADE"
,Recommended,312840,17681926,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,HermitDede,7/10
,Recommended,312840,19974081,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Uncle♣Yeedman,"this game is just really great story wise, gameplay is mostly quick time events and such. recommending this to anyone"
76561198009571845,Recommended,312840,22032574,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dahoff117,f9 doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work love game but
,Recommended,312840,21509478,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Manglaren,"Terrible controls and quicktime events that are long and tedious, but underneath that lies a thrilling story with decent characters."
,Recommended,312840,27441428,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StylishGum,This is my favorite game of all time.  Great story and atmosphere.
76561198184929113,Recommended,312840,29438029,Posted: 22 January,all,Fearlessfast,Don't miss this game and just play:)
76561198050169004,Recommended,312840,25405743,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Galious,I like these types of story rich games.  The quicktime game play kinda gets old but for the story I got through it.  So this is the first game I played that had a sex scene with quick time controls.  Only in the uncensored version of course.  So you perverts will love it.  For me the detective work and wierd mystery was fun.  I like how the game turns the tables and lets you play both sides in a way as the hero and the villan.  The characters were very cool.  It was a very differnt but fun experience.
,Recommended,312840,25670107,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Madness18x,amazing game
76561198046495956,Recommended,312840,26843452,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K3rkk0,10/10What else I can say?
,Recommended,312840,26944441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bagheera,"Great classic must play game, Bad controles tho. If you get pass that you'll enjoy the movie like game"
,Recommended,312840,31209413,Posted: 17 April,all,Thomsen93,"Great game overall if you like the genre. Good story, great music and ambience, no bugs or anything like that. The only problem is the insane button mashing sequences. Who the hell thought that mashing your controller to oblivion was fun?"
,Not Recommended,312840,17836740,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Still Tyrion,"Silly story, and the QTEs seem often broken if you are using a keyboard."
76561198156639220,Recommended,312840,23216736,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Cipolla,"This could well be one of the best games I have played in a long time.If you liked Heavy Rain, then you're bound to like this one too!"
,Recommended,312840,34546151,Posted: 27 August,all,N4SWS,"I'm going to start out by saying I'm a HUGE Quantic Dream fan, but I'm going to do my best to be objective.This game plays very similarly to Heay Rain and BEYOND: Two Souls. It's essentially an interactive movie. The main difference here that seperates this title from those titles isn't an amazing story, rather incredibly frustrating (in some instances several minutes long) QTE scenes. They are EVERYWHERE. It seems like every 5 minutes or so the game takes away control forcing you to go through a sequence of QTE's and it's so annoying and frustrating. I feel like it's important to get that out of the way first.However this game tells a beautiful story just like Quantic Dream games always do. The game delivers. You will feel confused, sad, angry, happy, frustrated, and every other emotion inbetween and that's a good thing! Your choices definitely matter here and it will all play out in the end!If you can look past some very dated gameplay, horrible camera controls, as well as some horrendous QTE's, there is one PHENOMENAL story here just wating to be told! If you have the patience for that you'll have an amazing time! I know I certainly did."
,Recommended,312840,32872195,Posted: 27 June,all,Sf. HaKa,One of the best old school game
,Recommended,312840,33027496,Posted: 30 June,all,Contii,"If you like flailing your mouse around while trying to dodge haunted furniture, this game is for you."
,Recommended,312840,22290631,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Johnny,those idiot QTEs....
,Not Recommended,312840,24659650,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ShivaNata,Controls do not function on Windows 10.
,Not Recommended,312840,33699090,Posted: 21 July,all,ElHa,"While it might be a great game on the consoles I cannot recommend it on Steam, due to the fact that it doesn't feature full controller support. Playing with a controller might prove difficult if not impossible. (Take a look at the forums for further information)Sure it's possible to play the game with keyboard and mouse but those controls feel very clunky and unpleasant. (Especially when playing a game that cinematic which you rather want to play on your couch than in front of your monitor)"
76561198214477849,Recommended,312840,23790470,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,borokalek,One of my all time favourites. Really great game.
,Recommended,312840,22488599,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,
76561198004379672,Recommended,312840,21182822,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mr. Asch-asch,Really good game. Good story. Love it. Also you can kill few kids in this game.But new remastered graphics is not really new. Squared. Its look like from 2005.
76561198179435399,Recommended,312840,29139213,Posted: 9 January,all,Eccentric Apples,"I loved the first half of this game, but the ending fills extremely rushed. What was up with that sex scene towards the end? The two characters barely knew each other and were suddenly like ""Oh, I love you!"" and ""Make sure you come back, I need you!"" and they had literally only been in each-others company for like, 24 hours tops. Seriously. What. The actual. F**k. You also have no explaination towards the end of certain very important characters in the game and how they are able to do the things they do! I'd recommand this for the first part of the game, but don't expect some riveting finish..."
,Recommended,312840,29131987,Posted: 8 January,all,Plastic Bag,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I love it for that
,Recommended,312840,29133390,Posted: 8 January,all,CJ,"Fahrenheit is a classic phenomenal a gripping spine chilling game which will leave you with chills, while i though few things at the begining where strange you soon adjust to them the combat is made up of quick time events that work quite well some go on for very long but either way work quite well no matter waht people say about this game dont go and watch somone else play it pick it up and try it for yourself. As the game is develpoed by Quantic Dream you can expect to see pleanty of choices that really immerse you into the world of Fahrenheit, i wont talk about the story as i wouldnt want to spoil it for anyone, but all i can say is Fahrenheit is a amazing deep bone chilling game which everyone needs to try even if your not much of a fan of these style of games Its story will remain in your heart for a life time and you will never forget your first moment meeting Lukas Cane and the struggle he endures. After allGuilt is a chilling Feeling...10/10"
,Recommended,312840,23983783,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,312840,14460165,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LGG | BoYaqoub,amazing game but they should have remake the graphics to be better
,Recommended,312840,14495635,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,waffleking101,"Plug in a controller because the keyboard controls are awful.Also I hope you like M. Night Shyamalan,"
,Recommended,312840,15360424,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,KubanitoS,"I won't talk about the game itself, since it is pretty awesome. Go and give it a go, you won't be disapointed! :)I'd like to share a few thoughts about this Remastered version.Now I understand the people saying that this game shouldn't be called Remastered, since the graphics haven't been really touched, so it is somewhat a letdown if you look it that way.However, I still think that this version is a success in other ways.1. The textures haven't been replaced, but the game still has a native HD resolution and to be honest it looked pretty good even on my 55"" television. Okay, I can't and won't compare it to any new title, but it was certanly a nice improvement over the original version.2. X-Box controller support. Now this might seem like a minor thing, but honestly when I first tried out my controller with this game I instantly noticed how great it was. It was far more superior than the keyboard and mouse combo  I usually prefer in PC games. I felt that this game was ment to be played with a controller, for example the moves you have to make to open a door or make a decision can be done with the controller sticks. Playing with a controller simply boosts the experience.3. Un-cut version, nothing to say here really, about time we got this. :)4. Price tag. I bought this game for 8.99€ and that was it's full price. If you consider that this is an improved version, and the original game has been taken off Steam a long time ago, not to mention that this is a quality game, you'll see that it is not a high price to pay. Still think it is a bit much? Wait for a sale and get it for half the price or even less! You can't go wrong.Overall it was a great fun for me to start the game again after all these years just laying in my bed with my X-Box controller in my hands looking at my 55"" flatscreen. I'd recommend you to do the same. :)"
76561198066037106,Recommended,312840,15268304,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rignite,Hilarious game! Please just buy it and play it yourself you will see!
76561198077812049,Recommended,312840,14803229,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,echosmyronx,They don't make em' like this anymore! Great game. Amazing story and awesome atmosphere.
,Recommended,312840,14890458,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ParaRat,The Matrix Dance Dance Revolutions
,Recommended,312840,15032008,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,galvanic,"This game is a mix of two gimmicks. First is thrilling adventure-style puzzles with far-fetching consequences, such as: hide the clues of your crime before someone comes in. The second is QTE - several hours of them.Third act is rushed and unfulfilling.Recommended if you like this kind of stories and you're ready for some serious quick-time button mashing. An XBOX controller makes QTEs much easier."
76561198124968000,Recommended,312840,15308496,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Commander Cody,"An amazing game. I'll give my favorite things about it, then the things I didn't really like in a simple Pro-Con list.Pros:+ Interesting Story. [Despite what many say about the ending, I actually thought the whole game wrapped together nicely. However, I can see where some would disagree with my thoughts.]+ Unique usuage of the two systems. [The A/D and the WASD+Keys]+ Just hard enough that you have to try, but easy enough that you can still enjoy the game.+ Requires more thinking than just randomly clicking. Learned that in the first scene of the game.+ Morale. Your character cares about what he just did, and little things affect him.Cons:- Stealth. I cannot stress this enough, I hate the stealth section of this game. Very poorly designed.- Character switching. It felt a bit clunky, and I switched characters minimally due to this.- How far your person will drop without your control.Overall, this game was actually a very enjoyable experience. I intend to play it several times over and see what happens if I do things a bit differently. I'll update this after each play-through, to give it more Pros and Cons."
,Recommended,312840,14509388,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NerdyBirdyx,I don't know what's happening but I like it.
,Recommended,312840,14797143,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Princess Poo,Good game
76561198050697587,Recommended,312840,14373757,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,King_mp,Awesome game where you make your own choices.  Makes great use of QTE's.
76561198070529114,Recommended,312840,14374977,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RAGINGwookie,Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered Might not be for everyone but it has an intresting stroy and tough choices. I highly recommend it. If you liked games like Beyond Two Souls or Heavy Rain you will probally enjoy this game.
,Recommended,312840,14383515,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,fastbird,"I haven't played the original version. Glad to play remastered one now after 10 years from the original was released.I like the following aspects of this game.1. Multi camers and viewports- easy to find the destination.- just looks cool to see a several view points at the same time in one screen.- Displaying an enemy character in the auxiliary view port was very thirilling when the character need to do something before the enemy catches him.2. Mood- I felt emotions like fear(basement of police station and mental hospital), excitement(while fighting with Oracle and avoiding police) and embarrassment(when something fall apart).- Music is really helping it.3.  Graphical effects- I liked flashback, shocked screen(burning white) and ghost view fullscreen effects.- Magnifying glass and snow effects was also interesting.4. Excellent voice acting.Something wanting.1. eight arrows in the center of screen.- these arrows sometimes annoying me and I couldn't focus on the actual scene because of it. I wanted to give my eye focus to the action animations in the actual scene but I coudn't.2. Polygon count and animations are not remastered. Only textures are magnified.Overall, this game was good for me. Happy to play it.Please release a new title of this genre."
76561198034228889,Recommended,312840,14783627,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Winter_in_June,"Great game for fans of choice-and-consequence genre.  This is the one and only game I have ever bought twice.  I bought it the second time around out of a nostalgia-fueled impulse.  It was much more enjoyable to play using a controller, making some of the long sequences of ""simon-esque"" button combos, seem very easy compared to using a keyboard.And also be advised that this is more like watching a movie and occasionally pushing a few buttons.   There isn't much action, but sometimes the action pops up suddenly so be ready!Definitely some NSFW moments, being that it is the uncut version.Worth paying for it a second time."
,Recommended,312840,14841062,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RCN #HellaWaveBoyz 🌊🌊🌊,"I know for a fact more of you guys played this in the past and not discussing this with me.Anyway, I've played quite a few decision making games. (Spliter cell DA, Mass effect, Fallout) but none of them truly capture the Attention to detail like Fahrenheit does."
,Recommended,312840,14305394,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,CrackerBlack,10/10 Carla has some nice♥♥♥♥♥♥in this version
76561198128485233,Recommended,312840,14303384,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Agent Frost 114,yo dis game good dawg
,Recommended,312840,14306769,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kite Man,"Very good game. Third act is...out there, but I'm sure most of you have heard that already. Definitely recommend if you're a fan of the genre or other QD games."
,Recommended,312840,14309657,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,trikuxabi,"A cult classic, a masterpiece. While the remake is not spectacular, the game remains to be one of the best narrative experiences ever. Well worth the price, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,312840,14365533,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SubjugatorMC,The Golden God David Cage Remastered.10/10
,Recommended,312840,14476968,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Steelclaw1313,"This game is just how I remember it when I played it back on the original Xbox. It was just Indigo Prophecy, as I played it in North America, and because of that it was also the cut version. So with this game, you get the remasted (with decent graphics) and an uncut story. All in all, Indigo Prophecy is an amazing game with a perfect and thrilling story. I really wish that they make a movie for this one day for it would make an excellent film."
76561198008079951,Recommended,312840,14743158,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,KaasuJalka,"hi,you have to start the game in windowed mode then it works like a trains toilet:DD finland humour. game 9/10"
,Recommended,312840,14783818,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ur0tsukid0ji,"Despite being a decade old this game still manages to capture the original eerie, suspense feeling that I originally experienced back in 2005 when playing this game on the PC. An innovative game that feels more like an interactive movie with an interactive experience/control system similar to the one which has brought Telltale games recent success. Story driven, dialouge under pressure, and combinations of directions and buttons used in the action scenes. An innovative system back in 2005 and one that still holds weight. A fantastic remaster which consists of better graphics, and the musical score is brilliant, I think this time in better quality from what I can recall. I will also add that the game is still among one of the only games which uses split camera, real time action in a way that brings a fantastic thriller style movie, some of the shots and the framework on the camera angles are delightful, and would make many film directors proud.... Having now completed the game I would like to say that I really LOVED the plot and the way the game went. The occult ancient ritual story line, merging with the all powerful clans that control earth...? Loved it! I must say however that IS one of the most awkwardly un-needed sex scenes in a game ever !So glad to finally have motivated myself to complete it!   Well worth it!!"
,Recommended,312840,33126058,Posted: 2 July,all,Lordinarius,Quick time events suck.
,Not Recommended,312840,26593837,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Retog,Such potential but too glitchy for a game where your choices are vital to the story. Too many times the game simply does the opposite of what you clicked on.
76561198007793334,Recommended,312840,23062197,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kaledvoulc'h,"Loved this game on the Xbox, played through thruall of the endings.  I have only played a tiny bit but this version seems to shine as muc as I remember the old one doing.  Action is a little slow for those looking for combat, basically quick time events, but still fun.  Story is fantastic, untill the very end in which case it is absolutely ridiculous and horrible.  The first 9/10ths of this game makes up for the silly ending in my opinion though.  Barring the last 15-30 minutes I whole heartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,312840,16718916,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,novocaine,it's like a movie. Pretty nice game 7/10
,Recommended,312840,14225107,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Beardy blue-eyes,"Great game. It is the kind of game that really gives a special feel. That intro in New York at night with the snow falling heavily outside Doc's Diner. It's just great.From what I can tell, it's just the textures that have been improved. The content is exactly the same as the European version of the game (Fahrenheit). I cannot change between old graphics and new ones, though, so that's something I'm curious about. Will look further into it.I'm playing with a PS3-controller through a tool that makes my system think it's a 360-controller, and it works flawlessly.All in all, this is a great game, especially considering how old it is. Yes, the second half of the game turns into a Matrix-Dragonball-what-the-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's still a very interesting and entertaining game, and totally worth the quite decent pricetag.If you enjoyed Heavy Rain, or if you enjoy atmospheric games (at least the first half), this is a game you should give a try."
,Recommended,312840,14228654,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Master Indigo,"Great version. Works brilliantly in 4K, and runs smoothly. Textures are really sharp, better than in most games these days, You can see every text from a payphone when you zoom to first person, and this is a 3rd person game so textures wouldn't even need to be that good. But at least, great work on this version.Still has same mood as original, as it is remaster and not a full remake. Still same game, with better resolution support, sharper textures, better controller support and so on.Game focuses a lot on a story, where you control multiple characters. A murdered who wasn't aware of what he was doing, and two detectives who are solving that case. Each character has a mood-meter, which can go down when character doesn't succeed, and goes up when they solve something etc.¨Story is interesting, as characters seem to lose their minds over the case, as it becomes more and more supernatural. You will be challenged with many situations that might affect what you'll face later on.One of games mechanics is QTE's, and they are not a bad thing. They are integrated well into game, and offer a way of doing quick minigames which game has now and then.Also featuring talking system, as in Telltales walking dead, where you have limited time to answer your questions. I think answers might not affect as much as in TWD, but still answers that you get for your answers might have an affect in your mood-meter on so on.Whole game is a movie like experience, and if i say cinematic; i do not mean 24fps, game runs smoothly.Overall, on of my favorite games of all time. Still, hoping that they will port developers newer games to PC."
76561197973311383,Not Recommended,312840,14276209,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Skythe,"Haven't played it through.Crashes here and there.Very bad audio quality.(worse than Shenmue)Hardly ""Remastered""."
76561198040103929,Not Recommended,312840,19294196,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Torgo,"I originally played Indigo Prophecy on the XBox and can happily say that this port does a decent job of bringing the bananas plot to a PC audience. All the stupidity, poor writing, bad voice-acting, and left-turns into full-on Crazyville are there for the player to observe and gape at in all their David Cage glory. Unfortunately, the gameplay (or lack thereof) also makes the transition, which undermines the experience by being just as garbage as it was when the game was first released. David Cage's obsession with QTE-based action sequences and the 3D equivalent of pixel-hunting will forever baffle and confuse, but as with the original release: it all works to the game's credit, because we play David Cage games for the same sort of entertainment found in watching The Room.I would love to give this game a recommendation, but I can't. The port is glitchy: it took me two hours to figure out how get it to stop crashing to desktop every time I tried to start a game, and it crashes anyway every time I have to reload. These problems are all solved by running the game in windowed mode, but playing a game that's pretending to be a movie in window mode is like watching TV shows in the little PIP box while the menu takes up the rest of the screen. If you buy this game, figure out if it will work immediately and refund if it doesn't. It isn't worth the time to make it work when you could be playing something else. Unless, like me, you're a massive fan of David Cage's lunacy."
,Not Recommended,312840,25384749,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,magicmoo,"This aged terribly.Back in the day, I remember enjoying playing this, because it felt kind of innovative and refreshing. I always liked story-driven games, so I was feeling right at home with this. Since then, I've experienced so many games with much more engrossing stories and intriguing universes that I really find it hard to see the appeal of this game anymore.Everything feels subpar and cliché. The writing, the acting, the atmosphere and, of course, the gameplay. It's really obvious in this one that David Cage lacked talent to actually come up with moving ideas and just borrowed instead a lot from mainstream movies. Over the years, he got somewhat better, but you can see that many of the weaknesses in Indigo Prophecy got still carried along the way, making Quantic Dreams games rather average for seasoned gamers or cinephiles, compared to so many games out there, especially indie ones.Anyway, I thought I'd still managed to pull through despite all these flaws, but the horrendous controls/camera and terrible gameplay really broke the deal for me. Immersion is often broken, because any action or movement can feel like a struggle and I'm not even talking about the beyond ridiculous action sequences base on a double ""Simon Says"" game, which, as many have reported, distracts you from what is actually going on on the screen.Oh yeah, and that ""remastered"" tag is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. All that was added was 1080p support and a bunch of achievements."
,Recommended,312840,14351806,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BuFFu™,lt's Simon says with a story 10/10
76561198347270771,Not Recommended,312840,32465413,Posted: 15 June,all,amanda.c.beardall,"I'm amazed this game has such popular reviews on Steam. I love narrative driven games. I enjoyed Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls and am excited for Detroit: Become Human. Fahreneit is a clear last place for the Quantic Dream games. Graphics are terrible despite the remaster, the controls and gameplay are terrible (be prepared for the worst quick time events you've ever played), a non-senseical plot with random unncessary scenes and bad pacing, racist tropes, and non-stop self inserts of David Cage himself. The only decent parts of the game are the first half of the plot and the voice acting."
76561198097984412,Not Recommended,312840,14261997,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,NToss,"Pros:- Great start of the story;- Great sinemitics.Cons:- The story is actually very poor, it's just not intresting. Disappointing;- Disappointing ending make you even more disappointed.Just another bad movie with good special effects."
76561198028711579,Not Recommended,312840,16916871,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"I had been looking forward to play this for the first time ever. But, I didn't get through the tutorial. Why? Because it is next to impossible with mouse and keyboard. I got run over by that car so many times I got nervous ticks. ""Well, I'll switch to gamepad/controller"", I thought, seeing as the game is labeled fully controller enabled. Only, it's not. They did a botched job on the port to PC in the sense that, sure, you may use a controller, but it will be missing one button, and you can't set it. You are missing one stick. A pretty vital thing to be missing in a game which makes use of all buttons on any controller. They can't even have QT it before release! And I've chatted with techies about it, it's a simple thing to implement, no offense.I'm sure this game is a great classic. But this port and remaster, is not. I want this patched or my money back. It's unplayable."
,Recommended,312840,14246913,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Arremer,"The default main folder for the game inside steam is changed to ""Kelvin"" (used to be fahrenheit) ...  Best remaster ever !If the game won't start (unknown error) install VCredist (34bit) provided inside game folder."
76561198005792758,Recommended,312840,26194699,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,/m/s/k/a/,Has Nietzsche! 10/10!
,Not Recommended,312840,19187409,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,LapisLazuli,What started out as a Mystery Thriller turned into dodging boxes and fighting in the air via DBZ and Matrix.0/10 David Cage makes zi bezt gamez
,Not Recommended,312840,20389197,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CHKnDaemon,"I have a massive backlog to get through and this was on the list. However, I kept jerking back and forth just trying to simply turn the f*** around. Not sure if the controls in the original were this absolute s***, or if this is yet another game from a studio actively trying to s*** all over PC gamers. This is all the time I'm giving it because I don't have the patience to go through an entire game with what seems to be one of the absloute WORST control mechanics I've endured in a long time. The controls are so bad that it ruins the need to continue the game. Keyboard and Mouse OR gamepad don't make a difference. It's rubbish. Don't believe me then be my guest and get it and see how long you can endure the BS controls. It really is that bad."
76561198234675744,Recommended,312840,22889488,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,76561198234675744,The crime solving works my nerve
,Recommended,312840,14682374,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ˆMaki,Features a sex scene so horribly bad that you're guaranteed to burst into tears of laughter and have sore ribs for the next three hours.Definently recommend.
,Recommended,312840,14234858,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,TheMetalUnicorn,"Now i've played this game probably about 6 times since the game has been relased in 2005. The storylines that quantic dreams has put out is always amazing and I feel this is just the beginnging for them. Graphically the remaster does smooth over quite well and holds up well for a game that was made over 10 years ago. For those complaining about it not being that ""remastered"" i would say that the price point reflects that fact and is fairly priced. I may forgive a few bugs or glitches for hope that there will be a future patch to fix the abnormalities. This is on the top of my list of favorite adventure games until the next great game they make takes that spot. Unlike any game you've ever played and completely worth it."
,Recommended,312840,31476448,Posted: 30 April,all,Makaveli,amazing
,Recommended,312840,25561487,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,COCK,♥♥♥♥ing long time coming
,Not Recommended,312840,17496973,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,peaches,And that's how my story ended!I played this game
76561198046738196,Not Recommended,312840,19896362,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cultist Sex Monkey,"I discovered this game way back in 2005 on a demo from an old ps2 magazine. I remember thinking the somewhat short demo was one of the best things I had ever played on a ps2, however at this time I was not really old enough for the adult themes and never owned the full game.10 years later I found this game on sale for Christmas and decided to play this ""cool"" game again. If I was to try and compare this game to anything it would have to be ""Deadly Premonition"" for it's obscure game play and bizarre ideas.So the demo version of the game is the very first segment of the game and honestly it is possibly one of the best starts to any video game I have ever played. The game is set in New York during winter time and you start the game in a toilet in a diner. You have to watch you character being possessed and carving symbols into his wrists before murdering someone else in the toilet. Your character comes to and sees what he has done and the cut scene finishes you are then thrown into his shoes and have to try and clean up the scene and leave the diner before your are discovered. This was super cool to me then and now because it really creates a tense atmosphere and this game has a way of being very real. After escaping you are then introduced to the other two protagonists NYPD homicide detectives. You have to look for the clues left by your former self you have to find the mistakes that you made during the initial sequence. This could be anything from leaving the murder weapon to leaving traces of blood and this is what makes the start of this game so good its all about the actions YOU make. Having the two sides to the story also made for an interesting story line because half the time you want to get away half the time you want to find the fugitive.However after this initial sequence the game begins to deteriorate, One of the biggest design choices in this game was to try and make it like a movie. Which is fine but for the rest of the game your either in a point and click adventure or a horrendously long quick time event sequence. It gets old and stale extremely quickly, but honestly I could look past all that if the game retained a solid story. But the subtle detective/ fugitive story has turned into a complete mess by the end of teh game dealing with themes of apocalypse and doomsday. It's really dumb.  I finished this game in one six hour sitting and my brief memory of the demo was somewhat ruined.In retrospective this was an ambitious game for the time it was created where developers were less afraid to take risks and i can see why it got the appeal that it did. It is somewhat of a cult game branching out to a niche audience. But honestly if the game had retained the quality of it's initial sequences this could have been up there with the best games of that era of gaming. But in 2015 I cannot recommend this game because honestly after the first few hours the game just isn't very good."
76561198094675316,Recommended,312840,14242673,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"A totally engrossing game; a fantastic neo-noir, mythogolical, physcological thriller, with memorable characters and enthralling action sequences.There's a lot in this game for £6.99, which is extremely good value; especially because it has a fantastic re-playability factor.Some of the voice acting, and scripting can be somewhat amusing at times, but that doesn't channel you away from the immesersive story, where- and I quote the Director David Cage- ""anything can happen""."
76561198006390796,Recommended,312840,14282490,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ElectricGileq,"The game itself is a classic and original story - at least for the first two thirds, and then it goes completely insane. Still original - just.... probably not what anyone was expecting or hoping for.  But if you have never played it, I recommend it. It is affordable and worth your time.As far as ports go, this needs some patches. The default launch language is French, which is fine, but you ought to be able to change that somewhere. Also, anytime you change graphics settings on the game, it does not do so smoothly.  If these minor bugs could be resolved it would go a long way.  None of these bugs are game breaking, and once you get into the game itself, they are not present.It is also nice that American audiences can now see the uncensored version of the game. I'm not sure how necessary it is, but still good to be able to experience the game the way the developer intended.All in all, I hope Quantic Dream continues to support this game with a few patches to smooth everything out.  They've come this far, they might as well take it all the way.Also, let's hope they release a new title soon!"
,Not Recommended,312840,29116124,Posted: 8 January,all,Roasted Chocobo,"this game full of stupid QTE, even cutscene also got QTE.cant really enjoy the game with this annoyed and frustrate QTE."
76561197991880594,Not Recommended,312840,25082128,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,lukey10,"This has to be the worst port of a game I have played since I joined Steam many many years ago. The controls are a mess, walking is hard enough but the Active time sequences are a joke. Uninstalling and waste or money - do not purchase."
76561198047410521,Recommended,312840,27122067,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,/,Plot was killed
,Recommended,312840,19891003,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Twillrex,This one is going in my book !. one of the best game I ever played. you like cod ? battlefield ? dosen't matter this game is must have !
76561198165581281,Recommended,312840,14259220,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mxrtm,"love this game ever since it was on the playstaion 2 in 2005, cannot really say its remastered because there no difference in graphics wise, but still is one amazing game"
,Recommended,312840,27619312,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rated R,"Играл в эту игру еще в далеком 2009 году, в своей время зацепила, но по каким-то причинам была заброшена мной. В этом году вышло переиздания и решил продолжить прохождение данной игры. Бесспорно шедерв. Рекомендую"
,Not Recommended,312840,16486688,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KayBeeDoll >^.^<,I got the game cause it looked good and for the price but I could no get the controls..seemed kinda buggy.
,Recommended,312840,25464577,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,epicmuffins,"Amzing game. Played it a long time ago, picked it up again as soon as i saw it on steam. Youll remember this game for its memorable story and character development and even more so for its incredibly high end graphics and derpy motions. Fyi lucas has major anxiety issues."
,Recommended,312840,14344036,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,reyn,ok.
,Not Recommended,312840,20004312,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Anth,Game is called Farenhiet when the ingame temerature is in Celcius
,Recommended,312840,21301039,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Baker,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up game tbh
,Recommended,312840,26012643,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,♥♦Jackie Chun ♣♠,Very good game i really like the story ant the characters.
76561197985567320,Recommended,312840,14268001,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DefineKristian,"Really enjoyed David Cages supernatural crime thriller first time around on the xbox back in 2005. Quantic Dreams story telling is great, spawning spiritual successors Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls. Rose tinted glasses of nostalgia are in full effect. Controls (using 360 controller) aren't as good, with a changing view changing the movement of the character can have you spinning in circles.Been a few times, where QTEs sequences are not responding to inputs. In particular the giant dustmite at the office sequence, quite often not reflecting the inputs I was making.Have not had any issues visually, however between scenes or if you redo a scene. It will flicker out to a black screen, then come back in which really can ruin the immersion which a game such as Farheneit.Besides the higher texture resolution, the game fundementally hasn't changed at all - some welcome additions such as an onscreen mini-map I have noticed in story not present in the original, so far this only appeared in the flashback to the military base scene.Nice little Easter egg in Tylers appartment on the LP collection and his toy. I will not ruin what they are.Do wonder if it was there in the original, so going to boot up the original version to go see."
,Recommended,312840,14304659,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,AsOiX,"Loved everything about this game, and this developer. Love these kind of cinema games, and would ALWAYS recommend this game.Literally, 10/10"
,Recommended,312840,28071860,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FalseAlarm,lucas kane my ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,312840,14298224,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ontyyyy,"Very good, my friends."
76561198100170313,Not Recommended,312840,29050932,Posted: 5 January,all,Sexterminator,I'd rather watch The Last Airbender by M. Night Shyamalan than finish this game.
76561198016873977,Recommended,312840,15587318,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bogeyman,Замечательная игра. Несмотря на почётный возраст играется очень приятно и душевно. Всячески рекомендую для покупки. Стоит своей цены!
,Recommended,312840,15788722,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,KoKINGoK,"If you haven't played this game buy this version. It is raw. I got to pee while another female investigator was in the crime scene. 10/10. This game reminds me of Pulp Fiction especially when you play as Samuel L 30 minutes.Graphics: 8/10 Great framerate and upgraded texturesSound: 9/10 Soundtrack hitsStory: 10/10 Dramatic, witty and realisticGameplay: 8/10 Controls and camera can fight occasionally"
,Recommended,312840,15593434,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Someone,finally beat it. I regret nothing. Beat it in one sitting.
,Recommended,312840,16114313,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,J3kylll,Had this for the Playstation 2 - AMAZING.Got it on Steam - AMAZING + KEYBOARD.
,Recommended,312840,33084235,Posted: 1 July,all,idiot loser virgin nerd,"half beautiful, half ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Maybe ""play"" it high or something."
76561198340522441,Recommended,312840,30634317,Posted: 20 March,all,parthashitmehta,superb story
,Recommended,312840,30194022,Posted: 26 February,all,Dr_Mickhead,"Not a bad game! The story is great, though the controls are clunky, and often the minigames actually take more away from the stary than they add. Still, it was a fun game and I enjoyed it a lot!"
76561198046365686,Recommended,312840,30219440,Posted: 27 February,all,bbck12,"The game is very good now, must have been a bombshell when it was originally released. A good story sparkled with just the right level of interactivity to keep you immersed and feeling responsible for the characters.The minigames are definitely tuned for the controller so probably better play with one, but works on keyboard reasonably well."
,Recommended,312840,14330908,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,morph113,"Guy gets murdered in a public restroom. Instead of investigating the crime scene, I urinated in the toilet in front of my fellow female officer.10/10 would make her watch me urinate again"
76561198144453563,Recommended,312840,34117064,Posted: 8 August,all,Supplier,Great game!
,Recommended,312840,14263901,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,marc-ey,"A true classic of interactive movie remastered in High Definition!I played Fahrenheit (Indigo Prophecy in US) when it was first released in 2005 and enjoyed it very much.The Story is about Lucas Kane who finds himself in a bathroom with a dead man and a knife in his hand. Confused and with no memory how or why he had killed that man the story begins and will send you into a world full of mysteries and dark forces.A very interesting feature of this game is to play different characters and each action of one character will result in different outcomes when you play the other character. Lucas can try to remove his traces from the crime scene and when playing the detective Carla Valenti you have to search for clues and evidence of the murder. This is something which makes this game so much enjoyable and replayable. It plays just like an adventure only with a thick cinematic touch, like a movie where you can interact and change the possible outcome.This HD Remake enables you to play the game in high def resolution, the original version of the game only supports max resolution of 1024x768. Furthermore you will notice some sharper textures and there is also the possibility to change between the new and old textures while you are in the game with the key F9. Yes, the graphics aren't the same as in the latest games of Quantic Dream like Heavy Rain or Beyond: Two Souls. But back in 2005, this was standard and with some playing time you'll get used to it.After all if you are looking for an interactive movie with and interesting dark story and different outcomes then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,312840,14229468,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,As a game I recommend you to buy it but not from steam buy It from GoG in there it only costs $5 and its DRM-FREE.But If you guys want this game on steam this is the best version you can get and you still gonna love it.
76561198080504501,Recommended,312840,14234921,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,WolfGar,Press F9 To switch between HD mode and Normal mode best game ever 10/10
76561198064389108,Not Recommended,312840,16687034,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,xWCOGx,"Seems like an interesting enough game. I love mystery games like this. Ive bought this game 3 times to try to get to play it.   Once the disc was bad, once they sent it for the wrong system. When I finally torrented it for PC, it worked, but people said you needed a gamnepad. I bought one, and still, the controls were awful.Well im pleased to say that the gamepad controls are now ever so slightly less ♥♥♥♥♥♥. That is to say- the controls are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥  We'vce had third person gaming now for at LEAST 20 years. Im not sure why trying to control my character has to feel like im driving a car with a spoon glued to the steering wheel (this is a completely apt analogy. You'll see).A police officer is pounding at my door. I have to rid the house of evidence. I pick up a bloody rag (which for some reaosn requires contextual right analog stick motions instead of a regular button push), and hurriedly carry it over to the window to toss outside. I find theres no option to throw it outside. Almost out of time, I frantically mash buttons to try to drop the bloody rag. Come to discover, the only option to rid myself of the rag is to walk back to the EXACT SPOT where I picked it up, and drop it. Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid. So thanks to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tank-esque controls, im caught red-handed  (literally) when the cop bursts in thru the door. THANKS DEV TEAM.That said, story seems interesting. Lot of different options. Switching characters, and different characters find different clues and conversation points.All in all, 7/10 thusfar.EDIT: I take it back. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. Ive never yelled FUUUUUUCKKKKKK YOUUUUUUU  at a game so many times. Never been so close to putting a controller thru the screen as i am right now while playing this ♥♥♥♥ing game. ♥♥♥♥ this game and its garbage♥♥♥♥♥controls.What a shameless cash grab. I can find nothing ""remastered"" about this game. Its just as frustrating as it was the first go-round. Hell i only payed $5 for this and im annoyed. I had a torrented copy of this for free that played just as well.Lazy.And yes...I mad."
,Recommended,312840,14247053,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,krank23,"I originally played through this on the original X-box. One of my absolute favorites of the genre. Its atmosphere and cinematic feel draws me in every time.The graphics haven't aged well. This version has improved textures, but it's still very obvious the game's a few generations old. Models are low-poly and shadows and dynamic lighting are highly selective.However, the atmosphere and feel are still there. The game still works VERY well. And with 1080p support and antialiasing and anisotrophy etc, and with GREAT 360 gamepad support (mimicking the old X-box controls - trust me, they're integral to the experience and feel very organic even in the QTE's) this version is definitely worth a purchase.As others have mentioned, though -- the final act of the game is a bit... weird. I've heard rumors this was supposed to be much longer, or possibly a trilogy of games. And they had to squeeze in a lot of story content into that third act. That pretty much sums up how it feels -- like they took all the big ""revbeal"" moments of two more games, removed everything between those moments, and stuck them after eachother. So now, the end part of the game isn't that great. Still worth a playthrough, though."
,Not Recommended,312840,29953378,Posted: 15 February,all,Noisemaker,"Gamepad support is garbage, despite being advertised as ""full"". Check the forums for known problems which have never been fixed by Aspyr. The fact that the game is barely playable with keyboard and mouse doesn't help. The story might be good, but from a technical point of view this is a low quality console port."
,Not Recommended,312840,33240053,Posted: 4 July,all,$TORM,"QTE Simulator 2005. Also storyline included.Try to prove you're not crazy, killing people within your crazy visions."
,Not Recommended,312840,23388851,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Gumborilla,"If you like button mashing, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,312840,16577279,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Delusive Punch,"i used to play that game once on ps2 but now i bought it for Pc and this ♥♥♥♥ING COMPUTER CAN'T RUN ITatleast i got the money back, bur why?! Why the pukin bacl screen of death?! That is so 2013!"
,Not Recommended,312840,14696523,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sadakochin,Expected better graphics. Got upscaled old textures instead. Doesn't even feel HD. One of the ♥♥♥♥♥ier remakes that would have been worth it if they updated the graphics. A shame.
,Recommended,312840,15761226,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,joshu,Great game but the controls are cancer. Controller highly recommended
,Not Recommended,312840,28877660,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Imago Storm,"Great story, worst gameplay ever. You need to concentrate on qte and don't see the video behind,"
76561198045054028,Not Recommended,312840,16321251,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BlanketMonster,"I couldn't even make it past the tutorial. It had me press a button to react to a senario. I pressed the button... it said I didn't. I tried multiple times, including reconfiguring my controls. 0/10 couldn't even play the game if I wanted to."
76561198086019832,Not Recommended,312840,20892686,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,@_@,"The most compelling piece of garbage I've ever played. Story was awful, gameplay was worse, and it had enough QTEs to cause depression. But I still felt the need to finish the game so I guess it did something right?"
,Not Recommended,312840,20601694,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TB12 Da GOAT,"I feel like if M. Night Shyamalan made a video game, this would be it."
,Recommended,312840,26156977,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bigjosh50,"Played all of Quantic Dreams games such as Heavy Rain and Beyond two Souls. Played this the other day and boy it doesn't disappoint, Great story, it keeps you glued to your seat!!"
76561198168914060,Recommended,312840,14267229,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Wmateria,"A must get! Great storyline, characters, and action-pact sequences."
,Not Recommended,312840,29465426,Posted: 24 January,all,SOCOM,"I would have given this a positive review for the interesting story, neat mechanics, and good writing, but I can't because I can't get past the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial.  QuickTime events are  broken entirely, so the game is unbeatable.  I have not found a fix for this."
,Recommended,312840,14280268,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Shawn Marrster,"Bought for about 6 dollars. 6/10. If you want to play an interactive movie: buy it or maybe wait for a sale.Quantic Dream. The masters of strange, interactive games that are presented as movies.I really enjoyed Heavy Rain and to a lesser degree Beyond 2 souls. I did not know that they had done this game before to the PS2/PC before I saw it on GOG.This is a ""remastered"" and uncut version of Fahrenheit.A strange interactive movie where you control almost all characters by walking around, branching dialog and quicktime events. The remastered graphics are nowhere to be seen but its acceptable for a good looking 2004 year game.  The soundtrack is really varied, but maybe a bit stereotypic.The camera and controls are horrific. The clues for the quicktime events blend into the background so its hard to see what to do. Often there are no instant kill, but the miss system is not as elegant as for say Heavy Rain or A wolf amongst us.Some of the voice acting is really horrible. The actors also overact all the time, swinging their heads back and forth when they talk. The audio is badly compressed, captured from a time when it was standard to have bad quality on voice because of how much space audio takes. (sad that the master tapes did not have full quality samples since it today would be no problem releasing with full quality voice samples)So why recommend this game?This is a classic games. Telltale games are clearly inspired from Quantic Dreams. I hope that many buys this game so we can get a PC conversion of Heavy Rain that was a great interative movie.The story, using camera techniques, some of the adult themes are all a breath of fresh air even in todays gaming.I do however hate Steam/publishers localized pricing system. I have always thought it was because of taxes (for example EU where some countries have 25% VAT). But no: Its just location based.  I have 2 steam accounts. 1 in asia and 1 in EU. This game is about 100% more expensive in EU. Wait for a sale in EU. The publishers have released the game cheaper elsewhere, they can afford to sell this on a sale."
,Not Recommended,312840,24842501,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Melancholy_Town,"This game constantly crashes. I heard that this game is on PS4, so if you have the console, get the game on PS4. The story mode was great minus the crashes."
,Not Recommended,312840,14260375,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Weion,"How this game is getting positive reviews is beyond me, it does not even launch without the godforsaken call stack issue with the ridiculously long message box, which crashes when I close it.Let me provide some easy steps.Buy GameDownload GameLaunch GameIt crashesProceed to search the forums for any information to assist in fixing the crashing, to no availUninstall Game*Buyer's Remorse Engaged*0044158E/0044158E would crash again"
,Recommended,312840,14263264,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,splendid,You are the star in this interactive movie game experience and it reminds you of that every step of the way. You make the choices. You perform the actions. You drive the story...
,Recommended,312840,14303360,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PigBear,"Amazing game. I loved it back on the ps2 and love it even more now. It looks beautiful and the gameplay is still fun. Although, I do catch myself giggling at how silly most of the ""fight"" scenes are. ^-^"
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,312840,30469710,Posted: 12 March,all,hermetico,"Not recommended.While the idea seems promissing, I cannot even finish the tutorial.Playing with keyboard and mouse is, at least, a hell.The rapid action buttons seem buggy, there is no reaction, the game ignores it.I'm not going to expend more time trying to finetuning my clicks."
,Not Recommended,312840,15737676,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sargefan19,"This game is the worst scam i ever seen. This is not remastered it is the same exact graphics the PS2 version had. Also the won't launch if you have more than 1 monitor, have anything running in the background, or even breath. I did a full playthrough of this game on the ps2 and the xbox. The story starts off being somewhat interesting then absolutely turns to crap with the whole ""mystical powers"" crap and it never explains major characters. Parts of the game straight up rip off The Matrix going as far as even a boss fight looking like it is ripped off pretty much second for second. David Cage somehow believes women have no minds of their own and are nothing more than tools to be used and the female police officer in this game is no exception. He also loves to insult people with mental conditions. For the love of god don't waste your money on this game get something a whole lot better."
,Not Recommended,312840,25568436,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bikonja,"The game doesn't pick up my right analog stick and the keyboard controls are weird.I played this game way back when it came out and I played with the mouse and keyboard then because I didn't have a controller. Now I do (albeit an old one, the Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2) and I saw this on sale so I thought I'd pick it up and play it with the controller. Since it doesn't work with (my) controller I have asked for a refund.In the 15 minutes I tried to get the game to recognize my controller properly I also encountered some weirdness like the inconsistent menu control (e.g. sometimes you can use your controller, sometimes you can't), the menu option for game difficulty has a left and right arrow next to it and clicking on an arrow sometimes switches between Easy and Normal, while other times it switches between Normal and Hard, I did not see a Subtitles option which is weird for a game that's supposed to be more movie than game...Although I've only ""played"" for 15 minutes so I can't really comment a lot about the game, I can say that the first thing when you start the gameplay you see a model of the director of the game giving you instructions on how to play and the lip-sync is abysmal. That might have been fine in the original version, but in a remaster I expect to actually see improvement. That, coupled with the previously mentioned issues as well as the general feel of unpolishedness makes me give this remaster a negative review. It doesn't provide a huge improvement over the original so I suggest you buy the original instead if you want to play the game (which back in the day I liked, although not loved, but that's subjective)."
76561197987471577,Not Recommended,312840,28757190,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Feyton,"I wanted to like this, given its good reviews, but I just can't recommend it. The story is ok and the atmosphere is tense, but be warned, this is 8 hours of hand cramping and controller busting quicktime events, which are unnessecarily long.My suggestion? Go watch a lets play on YouTube and save the money for a decent coffee."
76561198044517522,Not Recommended,312840,22621283,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DrippyPen,"""It's basically Simon. But, as you're pressing the corresponding colors you're either dodging boxes, playing basketball, or even dancing rather saucily with your wife ;).  However, If I wanted to play Simon, I would go to my local walmart and buy Simon."" - James Earl Jones"
,Recommended,312840,14233351,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,racist mario,"really nice and interesting game where you play as a ""murderer"" and the cops looking for him.goes pretty supernatural in the latter half of the game and then the ending is a bit awful but the rest of the game before that is great"
,Recommended,312840,32458788,Posted: 15 June,all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,312840,14233594,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Le_Lee,"If you love Heavy Rain, then you are gonna love this! Now I'm hoping Quantic Dream will bring Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls to PC, would love to replay them on PC.This is the kind of game that you are not going to forget once you played it. Totallly recommend it!"
76561198046950897,Recommended,312840,14240888,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jimmy Python,"Years waiting for this to come on Mac.Played the old version, loved it. Now I'm into all games influenced by Indigo Prophecy, I loved playing all characters and the solid story, and Shenmue's living normal life sometimes,Not much of a remake, but there wasn't any need either, HD is not mindblowing.Now it's on Mac. 12/10"
76561198073592378,Recommended,312840,14243521,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,batana,The day before this game came out I searched for Fahrenheit on steam and couldnt find anything and guessed it never came out to steam. You dont know the joy I felt after seeing this childhood hero here after all that.
,Recommended,312840,14262936,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Skiba,"I may have completed this game over 3 times on the original XBOX, but the fourth time was just as good.  :-)"
,Recommended,312840,17465827,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thomas the Tank Engine,One of my favorite movies of all time
,Not Recommended,312840,22511151,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,SwaggySenpei,"Horrible Horrible game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Story is awful, and gameplay consists of only quick time events. Buy ""Life is Strange"" or any tell tale game if you want a movie like game experience."
,Recommended,312840,14238168,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Wladimir Lootin,"I loved the original game.I bought this one. I installed it and started it.I can see the Intro and then i get a blackscreen and my TV says ""No signal"".I could play it in the window mode, but fullscreen is not working and i don't want to play it in a window.Perfect Remastered-Version, thank you very much for this waste of money....Edit: Okay I can play it now and it is as cool as in the past!I opened the ""Fahrenheit.ini"", located: ""...\steamapps\common\Kelvin"" and changed the value after ""Fullscreen="" from 1 to 0. The game starts in window-mode now.After all the menues simply press ""Alt + Enter"" and you will able to play in fullscreen mode. This only works AFTER the menues. If you try to change to fullscreen while you are e.g. in the profile menu it will not work."
76561197972110072,Not Recommended,312840,28349297,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Nobsteele,I think I agree with several of people on here with this one... The story starts off really well and I was hooked straight away... but the QTE just kinda distract you from the story and it rapidly becomes very boring very quick.I'm sure in it's time it was great... but not for me... not now.
,Not Recommended,312840,31469640,Posted: 30 April,all,mr. Rosling,this game is flawed and clunky so it's hard  to play it casually. worth a playtrough watch on youtube but it's to irritating too play to being able to sit back and enjoj the story
76561198066799394,Not Recommended,312840,28830263,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,soulmusicfly,"Maybe story is good but the controller is hard and the view is strange i can't bear this control, i didn't finsih this game ."
,Recommended,312840,18495093,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Casual,Great remaster ;) Always loved this game....
,Recommended,312840,14242432,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Epicred4,And thats the end of my story. In HD!Take some pills in HD. Then drink some beer in HD. Then watch as Lucas fails so badly HD.10/Andthatstheendofmyreview
76561197992397581,Not Recommended,312840,25654497,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,lilliwolf,OMG WHAT CRAP.... cant even change control settings
,Not Recommended,312840,28675531,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hakier Grzonzo,Does not even launch on any of the pcs that I've tried to install it on
76561198062799395,Recommended,312840,14224600,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Geert,"Buying this game, for me, was a no-brainer...I enjoyed playing it years ago, and being able to buy it for 9 euros was a bargain.Although the first half hour of playtime was a series of cursing, because of the non recognizable right analog stick(the game is unplayable without this). The keyboard controls are fine, but lack the hands on feel of the game, actually moving in the right direction (like Heavy Rain (same creator)) is a must.If you have the same problem, I had this problem on my PS3 controller and my regular wireless gamepad. I managed to solve this by changing the tilt left and tilt right to analog left & right in DS3-tool. Choose ""options"" next to playstation 3 under the profiles tab. Change ""right stick x+"" to ""Ry+"" and ""right stick x-"" to ""Ry-"".Hope this helps. I haven't been able to make my other gamepad work.On the point of ""remastered"", yes it looks a bit better! Not by much but don't forget it's remastered not remade.Only been able to finish the first 4 chapters, and by now it feels just like the old game, but with somewhat better graphics.For the current price, and if they fix the controller problem (if I'm not an isolated case) I highly recommend this title!"
,Not Recommended,312840,31237856,Posted: 19 April,all,Karithay,Could not get past the keyboard controls. May be better with a controller.
,Recommended,312840,14229905,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kane Reynolds,I'm so glad this game has finally come to Steam -- it's one of my favorites! Might be a bit buggy and glitchy but it's still one of the best. Story rich and pulls you in hook line and sinker. It is mostly quick time events but that shouldn't keep one from enjoying a good story. Lucas Kane for the win!
,Not Recommended,312840,19717564,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Swager1950,Bad graphic... for kids 12 and under.... lmao WHY did I buy that..... had to move around... I give it 1/2 star ouy of 10
,Recommended,312840,14244754,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,k1r8r0wn,"One of the best games ever, thanks for cool remastered version, I really enjoy the gaming time!"
,Not Recommended,312840,28665288,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Phil,"The gameplay is catastrophic and annoying. Moving the charaters is so difficult that it is impossible to perform some actions on time. It is extremely annoying. Fortunately, I got this game for 2€ and it is already erased from my computer. It's really too bad because it is maybe a very good story."
,Recommended,312840,14224497,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hetfield,This game gave me a real 0rgasm back in 2005. 11/10
76561198259802874,Not Recommended,312840,32134882,Posted: 2 June,all,Mister Bluberry,"David Cage...Isn't very good at game developing. The game may as well be impossible to play without a controller. Even with a controller, the puzzle SEQUEnCEES as David would say, are impossible. If you mess up on one puzzle and lose all your lives, the next puzzle will have that amount of lives. So when you have one life on a 5 min straight puzzle sequence, you have one of two options.1. Go back to the point you lost lives and go through the game at that point (AKA waste 2 hours)2. Over multiple days, try and flawlessly complete the poorly directed and created puzzle. (Get frustrated and play something of quality.3. (Didn't mention this one) Uninstall the game and download Morrowind, Undertale, etc. This is probably the best option."
76561198065346162,Recommended,312840,14272033,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheDark,sex scenes and weird♥♥♥♥♥♥going on 11/10
76561198044859312,Not Recommended,312840,26348723,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gladamir3,"They've clearly never tried playing it with the steam controller since it still doesn't work right after all this time. Last time getting fruestrated trying to drag the guy, this time not being able to mop up his blood no matter how hard I try. I loved this game on PS2, please fix this."
,Recommended,312840,14252899,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MISTER WORLDWIDE,Most detailed love scene in a game.
,Recommended,312840,25451108,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
,Recommended,312840,14224132,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,one of the best expriences I've ever had from games.... this is an amazing gamge worth every $ ....
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,312840,29229882,Posted: 13 January,all,Dustin,"A very odd game that records your moves like you're in a ""movie"", controlling both the murderer and cop(s) in a limited area.The controls/gameplay feel like Resident Evil 1, with that sh*tty rotate your character and only move forward in the direction you're facing crap.The moving is so limited, and you can't go too far beyond the map even when you're supposed to be leaving a crime-scene chased my police for f*cks sakes.This game is pretty sh*t and boring, just play Silent Hill.2/10"
76561198165931671,Not Recommended,312840,22987422,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,LaytonBolt,"I hugely enjoyed Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls from the same developer of this game, so I bought it. I am disappointed. The story is engaging, but the controls are absolutely abysmal. They aren't responsive, making it extremely difficult to pass QTEs and therefore I fail the levels. The game also crashes and sometimes closes / minimises itself. I am almost appalled at the quality, to be honest. I expected better form Quantic Dream, though I know this is an older game, the controls should not be so useless.If you can get over the horrible controls, the story is engaging, but the writing lacks the 'oomph' of the two newer games. If you're a fan of Quantic Dream, by all means give it a try, but only if you don't mind suffering through horrid controls and glitches."
,Not Recommended,312840,25907932,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scooterboy,"Great if you want to play a mediocre game to learn about game design. QTEs, the last act, the dialogue, it all seems amateurish. As an entertainment experience it was quite tedious."
,Recommended,312840,14227790,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,notecx,Aspyr! More linux games!Thanks for Fahrenheit port btw... :)
76561198146314234,Not Recommended,312840,25555983,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,jericox82,Why?Why?Why?I have the old one and that works.This so cold remastered version is boring. Because for me is just a black screen. After the logos like quantic dream etc it is simply black.waste of money
,Not Recommended,312840,23059639,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Тапок в говне,Still better to play on PlayStation 2
,Not Recommended,312840,14232755,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,chuchter,"I guess I just threw away £6.99 as I cannot even get the main character out of the diner bathroom before it crashes. Not to desktop either, this one crashes all the way to a restart.  Maybe it does not like my sound card or G13. I  am going to try my gamepad but I do not hold out much hope. Bigger losses - I found the control functioning for KandM absolutely excruciating anyway.W7 64-bit, Geforce 780, Asus Xonar, G13, Asus Swift PG2780 , Giga X58A - UD7, 12 gig RAMTried the controller still crashes."
,Not Recommended,312840,19205038,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Th3_Spanish,Wish i could play this on my Comp. But it keeps crashing. Damn you Windows 10 *shakes fist*
76561198241086688,Recommended,312840,18852808,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,daswdasw12,Very good better voice acting than the original version
76561198082253916,Recommended,312840,14266516,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,steemandlinux,Plz replace sheet sony keys on screen with wasd and arrows.
,Recommended,312840,19306637,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,krimz=DDD!,Nice Game
76561198019006188,Recommended,312840,14576526,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Randeus,The game is a classic that stands the tesr of time. It is one of my favorite games of all time!  The game is great.
,Recommended,312840,14585564,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Wallfish,One of the best games I've played. It's nostalgic and spine chilling. Love the sound track of this game. Note:  There are a  lot of quick time events in the game. If you love story based games you'll love this.
76561198141411541,Recommended,312840,16400242,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,komoki_emrys,Right so the controls are difficult. Then again this is a Quantic Dream game. Why wouldn't they be difficult?Other than that the game is great. Although the colored sequences are also difficult.
,Not Recommended,312840,16385871,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Necronom IV,"Four hours into the game, the story was intriguing and well-told, but the gameplay was so horrendously bad I had to stop playing.The exploration parts are simple and plagued by terrible control of locomotion, quirky interaction controls, and terrible camera cutting, all of which are even worse for the action sequences.The quick-time events are excessive, repetitive, lacking of any sort of substance due to the absolute lack of player choice or any skill in general beyond a low reaction time. This is worsened by the repeated use of very long sequences of quick-time events without any intermediate checkpoints or the like (the flying-objects sequence in Lucas' apartment comes to mind) which ultimately lead to frustration over repeated failures which the player can do nothing to avoid except mindlessly retrying and hoping to randomly be a little faster or a little more accurate on the next try.Lastly, the puzzles are trivial and feel like those of a point-and-click, rewarding brute experimentation more than reflection on mechanics and comparison against previous puzzles, perhaps due to a high dependency on puzzle-specific rather than systemic mechanics.On top of that, many puzzles (e.g. the bookshop/library) and quick-time events (e.g. boxing, basketball practice) are mostly unrelated to the main plot and feel unsubstantial and redundant.All in all, this game would have been a lot more enjoyable as a movie. At the very least it should have been stripped of all the shallow quick-time events and received some adjustments to controls and camera behavior. In any case, I personally ended up reluctantly discarding it when my frustration with the gameplay began to outweigh the quality of the story."
,Not Recommended,312840,16251071,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Subtractive,"FIrst off, I'm not playing this for nostalgic reasons since I've never played this game before. To me it seems like you have to be nostalgic to nog see the complete pice of poo this game is. First of, caling it remastered is a joke and a insult to developers who actually releases good remasters.The controls are clunky, camera is bad, game crashes all the time (tested on 3 computers, Windows 7, Windows 8.1) and to top it off has a ""HD"" mode with changes so minor it's a complete joke.I'm sure this game was good back in 2005, and still could be today- this is what a remastered version is supposed to give the player. But a remaster with so minor changes and so many bugs and little love put in t it, is just not worth it. Even for the humble 5EUR i paid for it.I've played through about halv of the game and this is where I will leave it, can't stand all the crashing and controls form hell. Thankfully the developers has released a lot of good games after this one- for example Heavy Rain. Go buy and play that one instead and let this one rot."
,Recommended,312840,16254344,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Coyote,"It's like playing DDR for your fingers.  A good game if you have a couple of hours to kill and you grab it on sale.8/10, would bust a move and sprain finger again"
76561198170027474,Recommended,312840,16273807,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,godlike_sebuch,"A truly fantastic game;Loved it on the XBOX && still love it;Just don't expect much improvement in the graphics department;I'm very happy to confirm that the game works on:Windows XP Professional 32-bit SP3Intel Core i3 2120 @ 3.30GHz4.00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 665MHzIntel HD Graphics (Intel)Highly recommended game w/ a great story, if one's never played it before;If one's already played it, do note that the remastered version does not really offeranything than the initially released version of the game;Still, it's fun to play the game once more;"
76561198190048169,Recommended,312840,16371895,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,David nico,this game is still good even after playing it on the ps2 like 8 or 9 years ago and the story is so easy to understand ive read alot of comments on this game and they said it was a weird story line but if you listen carefully you would understand the story better its a type of game that you must listen to order to complete the game properly
76561197986142228,Not Recommended,312840,16232804,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The Holgi,"I really wanted to like this game, because it has many nice ideas in it and starts with an interesting story. But it also has the most stupid and most horrible gameplay one can imagine. Almost the whole game is about mastering ""Simon Says""-like QTEs and button-smashing! And at the end of the game those sequences become ridiculously long.In fact, even all those well-choreographed action-scenes could be left out completely because you have no chance to watch them anyway while focusing on the prompts.It's really disappointing, because the gameplay gets worse the longer you play. Even the mysterious story changes to standard-horror-story-stuff after a while.Absolutely not recommended!"
,Recommended,312840,16234562,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Haqo,Button Smashing Simulator.10/10
76561198199852662,Not Recommended,312840,16243732,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Wra,"Storytelling and the Characters are excellent, in the Remastered Edition also the Graphics are good if you keep in mind how old this Game really is. The Bad, to say really terrible Thing is the Gameplay.- Awful QTE- Terrible Coursermovement- Poor Camera- Stupid Button SmashingIts more a movie with really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay elements, that makes it hard to enjoy the thrilling and good story."
,Recommended,312840,16246752,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Thespruceinthewoods,"its a very fun game with an interesting story,the stress levels in the game add an interesting mechanic but aren't used to their full potential and easily dealt with.the only cons are-Not proper choice games, you might choose to get this or that dialogue but thats really it, your choices alter 1 or 2 things that happen in the moment but don't effect the end result.-wacked controls, the controls are difficult to get used to, especially on a controller and may get frustating at times, just remember to use your camera as you walk around"
76561198040159040,Recommended,312840,16249697,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Silverchair,"♥♥♥♥ing best game I've ever played! It's unique, artistic, immersive and beautiful,and sex, sooooo muuuch seeex!!!!10000000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,312840,16241586,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,fornitsumfornis,"For the price of $10, I think this game is woth it.  It does get a little weird at the end, but it's overall pretty good."
,Recommended,312840,16264897,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Al,"Heavy Rain... I mean, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered, is an update of the PS2 era game of the same name. Focusing more on being a movie than a game, it provides a unique experience built from the ground up with mechanics that AAA developers nowadays seem willing to inject into what should be purely action games. However, this title partially succeeds at using these elements to tell an enthralling tale.Visuals: Sharper resolutions and cleaner textures combine with PS2 era animations and the camera catching things which shouldn't necessarily be in the frame. I noticed the latter issue during the end cutscene, with chunks of the sky and visual effects cutting off with a flat line because my monitor is too wide. Otherwise, for the most part, it looks okay. Also, the sex scenes look hilarious.Audio: The soundtrack isn't very large, so a lot of the same music will be played over and over. Where this game is strong is in its voice acting. Every character is believable and delivers their lines with enough emotion to keep the player engrossed.Story: With the exception of that turn for the (Steam censored what I said here, lol) in the last hour or so of the game, it's a very well organized plot with multiple paths. It's filled with people that the game gave me a reason to care about, and I rarely get attached a game's story. Also impeccable is the level of detail, such as how certain actions (or lack thereof) will affect the character, emotionally or physically. For example, forgetting to do one thing might force the player to hastily cover up evidence of that mistake, sometimes even in the presence of other characters.Gameplay: If you are not dealing with Resident Evil controls or quicktime event overload, you cannot possibly be playing Indigo Prophecy. The tank controls, I can get used to, even in the pseudo-stealth sections. The constant quick-time events, not so much. Almost every task that does not have to do with walking, from having a drink, to having a superpowered fight with that old dude from Saw, is a quicktime event. It's boring, it's monotonous, and it oversimplifies some tasks while making others too complex. However, considering that it is clearly intended to be more of a movie, I can be a little forgiving in that regard.More perplexing is how dialogue is handled. Short, one word descriptions representing my possible conversation directions do not adequately convey enough information to allow me to make an educated decision. Sometimes I'm not sure of the tone the character will take, sometimes I'm not even sure as to whose perspective I am controlling the dialogue from.Other times, the system just seems impractical. For example, when talking with somebody who is standing perfectly still and will not leave until I do, why is the conversation still timed? Why can I only talk about 2 items off of my list of 4 items when the person I'm talking to has nothing better to do?Overall, it feels like a Dragon's Lair arcade game with less cliché and an occasional ability to take a breather."
76561198092799181,Recommended,312840,16753044,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nari,Pretty neat. Made me throw up because of motion sickness.
76561198039864585,Recommended,312840,16626654,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,R4yne,Interesting story and characters development. This game will give you a nice LSD trip...
,Recommended,312840,16735049,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AzulAtômico,"I had played it before, and I´ve played it again, and it was a joy all the same.For fans of interactive movies, this is  a must.Awsome soundtrack,  I just can´t stop listening to it."
,Not Recommended,312840,16651170,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Obdo,"Just a black screen on Windows 7.Its too bad this game doesn't work, it was great on PS2.This is just another bad port so don't get this."
,Recommended,312840,18419190,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Memphistopheles,"After waiting 10 years to play this game, I have to say; it was excellent. The storyline kept your attention and quick decision-making is necessary at key times throughout the game. This is a cinematic experience worth grabbing for 10 bucks and a steal at anything less."
76561198056268403,Recommended,312840,18319498,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,WobblyJohnny,Loved this game; even since I first played it on console.
76561198149058336,Recommended,312840,18433832,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,fdp2014,"loved it, just like heavy rain and made by the same company."
76561198114937297,Recommended,312840,18374292,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,blamekeiko,"This game reminds of a mashup of games like Life is Strange, Shadow of Memory's, Broken Sword and Silent Hill with a few others I'm sure that other people might pickup on. Overall the game is fun, visually interesting and has a reasonably strong atmosphere and soundtrack. However, there are quite a few flaws. The controls and camera are frustrating, even more so on stealth and timed sequences. The action sequences distract the player from what's taking place on the screen and are too easy once the player has got to grips with it and it's difficult to define what constitutes a passed or failed attempt at hitting the required buttons in time. Another major flaw is the story, which starts out as quite an intriguing mistery but ends up a completely confusing mess with elements that seem to be thrown in the mix for the sake of it. The characters don't have much depth and It also feels like developments in character relationships take huge leaps in short spaces of time and theres some parts that just absolutely make no sense towards the end and other parts that appear completely unecessary. I'd probably say this game is worth playing because it's fun, atmospheric and innovative but it could have been so much better."
,Recommended,312840,17992743,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,text messaging,"This game is pretty cool. Although it is pretty weird without a controller, the controls are bearable with a mouse and keyboard. (except for those arrow keys and wasd qte events. ugh.) It's not really a remaster as much as they are just upscaled textures. The sound quality is better and I was pretty involved with the story."
76561198200788122,Recommended,312840,18022203,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,smith.marissa13,"I absolutly loved the game. I wish there was a continuing game to go with it. Research shows there are two ""branched"" games but not really related. I don't see this through Steam however. And I am having a hard time locating a legit download for my PC."
,Recommended,312840,14341402,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MC ZAKI,"This game is a fabolous game, it doesnt have the best graphics, but the history in fahrenheit is amazing.10/10 probably the best game that i ever owned.."
76561198026396507,Recommended,312840,14360734,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,CHAR SIU FAN,GAME IS THE BEAST
,Not Recommended,312840,19638303,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Evasion Snake,"The first two acts? Great - good.The final act? Feels like there's a lot of cut content between Act II and Act III that would have helped it make more sense.It's okay, but I'd rather play ""Heavy Rain"". Could we get a PC port of that instead?"
,Recommended,312840,22169863,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Black'n'Decker Fanny Wrecker,Excellent Angelo Badalamenti soundtrack.Spoiled by the presence of Theory of A Deadman tracks in PC's apartment.
,Recommended,312840,14250016,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,woolyemu,Update: I have since redownloaded this and there must have been an update somewhere along the way. Everything loads perfectly and the game seems to be working on my setup.W̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶I̶ ̶s̶a̶w̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶s̶t̶o̶r̶e̶ ̶I̶ ̶i̶n̶s̶t̶a̶n̶t̶l̶y̶ ̶b̶o̶u̶g̶h̶t̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶h̶i̶g̶h̶ ̶h̶o̶p̶e̶s̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶n̶o̶s̶t̶a̶l̶g̶i̶a̶.̶ ̶H̶o̶w̶e̶v̶e̶r̶ ̶I̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶y̶e̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶l̶o̶a̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶p̶a̶s̶t̶ ̶a̶ ̶b̶l̶a̶c̶k̶ ̶s̶c̶r̶e̶e̶n̶.̶
76561198216457269,Recommended,312840,22458666,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MaximumControl73,"Beat the game in 10 hours, meanwhile there was many twists and turns that I loved. 9/10"
76561197960352838,Recommended,312840,27570895,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Volk,"Is this a game for people who actually want to play a game? Not really.The gameplay is virtually nonexistant beyond some mouseswiping and quick time events.However, it is sufficient for what it aims to do. Draw you into a story and make you not just watch it, but experience it.Because that is the core of Fahrenheit. It goes down a route similar to the old interactive movies, but with more actual involvement and less trash.The story is very well written and executed movie-esque, characters are for the most part believable, which makes for a very entertaining and compelling experience.However, you also should not expect too much. While what you do and your decisions have effect on some details in the story the overall plot is always the same.Still, Fahrenheit does interactive storytelling expertly, so anyone who wants something like that should probably check it out."
76561197960584707,Recommended,312840,14558371,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,>>Tekkon<<,"This game is goofy as hell, it start out with this dark and gritty detective story and ends up going completely off the rail, it has to be experienced.Great charactersGood voice actingInsane storyThe “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award"
,Recommended,312840,25253959,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rant Forever After,"If you liked Heavy Rain on the PS3, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy is for you! There are made by the same developers, Quantic Dream. FIP has an amazing story line and can result in quite a few endings. The game is story rich and has three main playable characters. You can play the game many times to get a different ending and the gameplay is simple to learn! Although, not gonna lie, the camera angles are awful. The point is this is a great game for those who love RPGs!"
76561197993458625,Recommended,312840,27490075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Goodmane,"It was a great experience. And at the beginning of the game it actually says, begin a new movie. So they kinda threated it like this is a movie, where you get to do things.Amazing story line, which is missing from the current generation of games."
,Recommended,312840,27203062,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wooden Doors,"I had met with first version of this game after reading its review in a gaming magazine. Then I immediately acquired the game and finished it in no time. From that date to today, it was my favourite game, always. I was so happy to see its remastered version's coming to Steam.Still, it is the most different, most intense game for me. To be able to play three different sides of the story is quite a creative idea. When you are taking an action, the game forces you to think its consequences for other characters. As character development is quite good, you construct a bond with characters, and feel what they feel.Unless you hate this genre, definitely go for it."
,Recommended,312840,16828715,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Neil Breen,This game is fun as hell!
,Recommended,312840,16212729,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,KoreRat,"There might be an odd hole in the story here and there, and the camera can get annoying. But even these at their worst don't hold back the great inventive way this game tells its story.  I've never complained about QTE's and find them to be an acceptable means of storytelling, and this game uses them in one of the best way's I've ever seen.This is one of my most recommended games for the PlayStation 2, and now will become one of my most recommended PC games."
76561198078658661,Recommended,312840,16428338,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,IIIDiMoNzIII,"Epic game, I loved this game ever since I was a young boy, I got this game at a goodwill and couldn't wait to get home to play it, I put it into my disc drive, installed, and fell in love. I lost this game and for many years have been waiting to finally get it again, and finally I found steam, and here it is, Remastered edition, great game. Awesome way they set up the controls in this game, the way you have to survive and press directional keys in puzzle form to survive many obstacles. Very good psychological thriller, if you are into psycho crazy evil dark stuff, this is for you, something happens to a man who is used by a demonic creature to murder someone, and he tries to figure out what happened to him throughout the game as he goes insane, and as cops are after you, you try to figure out your mistery, give this a shot, you will love it. Another great thing about this game, it has so many alternate routes you can chose to go by, so many options you can chose, what to say, what to do, you decide!! you'll love it, give it a shot!!!!"
,Recommended,312840,16881218,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BennyHaste,LOVED THIS GAME and even better remastered! my stream loved it as well really enjoyed the story!
,Recommended,312840,16754829,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jal,nice and weird
,Recommended,312840,24272984,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jerrytcale,"I LOVE the story... Until it feels like it starts leaving stuff out later on. BUT, it's GREAT for the fist 75%! Those quick time events tho... Not the biggest fan of those. And, I'm pretty sure the back and forth rapid clicking is broken. It's pretty rage inducing when you die right away and the game doesn't give you a chance to build up the bar. However, if you keep trying, you will eventually get it. I would suggest giving this game a shot! Though, I think I wish I had gotten the US release. Wasn't to excited to see Carla like that with my sister watching me play :P At least she isn't a stranger to that type of stuff, would have been worse then..."
76561198141066867,Recommended,312840,20674233,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ycky017,"Although gameplay is terrible, it's all about the story. Something like a old Telltale Games game, but with a ""action mode"" like guitar hero.I just add it too favorite. Definitely worth my time and hopefully yours too."
,Recommended,312840,20691768,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bekhesh,"I remember this game when it first came out on the PlayStation 2.  I was watching X-Play when they reviewed it and thought it was the best idea for a game to come along in forever.  I picked it up and was not disapointed with my purchase.  At the time it had a new and unique way of story telling.  It wasn't action packed, with over the top sex and violence.  Not that those are bad things mind you.  What it did have was an excellent story, character interactrion and the freedom to choose how you wanted it to play out.  Heavy Rain, made by the same company, expanded that concept even farther but Indigo Prophecy was the first of its kind.    I highly recomend any one who likes susspence, drama, investigatons or just want a over all good story to experience to pick this game up."
,Recommended,312840,20696195,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jel,"Well, I finished the game. It was definitely amazing, but some things I didn't particularly like. For example, and spoiler alert, the guy and the girl getting together like that? What the hell??But I loved it, seriously."
,Recommended,312840,20696533,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,m1kc,"Kept me up all night. So, worth the money spent.Verious notes:- Remaster only changed texture resolution. It looks nicer than the original, but expect 2006 level of graphics, not 2016.- The game uses tank controls. Not a problem for me, but some young gamers seem to dislike it. So, be prepared.- The game mostly consists of cruel QTE. It's way more challenging compared to Until Dawn and similar games, and fully utilizes both of your hands. Prepare to break your keyboard several times.- Gameplay isn't very polished. If you fail to solve a task, the game will not give you any hints, you're on your own. In a couple of places I would just get stuck and look for answers at YouTube. That's what I expect from an old game, but if you're used to 2016 stuff, you will probably feel uncomfortable.- I really liked the mouse gestures. Wonder why no other game uses this stuff.- Played on Linux. Works fine.- David Cage everywhere. We need more David Cage."
,Not Recommended,312840,20994809,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Becky,"Bought this game and was really looking forward to it, I know it's a good game and couldn't wait to play it for myself.However, after paying for the game the game proceeded to crash upon selecting a language. Starting the game up again gives me a black screen and an inability to do anything at all. Apparently I'm not the only one with this problem and this happened as a result of the patch updated. Not satisfied at all."
76561198012215848,Recommended,312840,21496056,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Psycho Poptart,I don't know what this game wanted to be. But it defiantly delivered a lot of twists. Totally recommend it
76561198062381483,Recommended,312840,21479435,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PinkyPonk,This is such a interesting and great game. It has good voice acting The graphics for its time is great. I also have this for my PS2 but I prefer it on PC. It's a tense and a very story-driven game. Recommend!
76561198012833236,Recommended,312840,21415916,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,batt2dtr,This was a very good story driven game and I will play it again for the different options!
,Recommended,312840,16608450,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Special Agent Cooper,"In my top 5 for one of the best games ever. This game is spectacular it really makes you feel connected to the characters and feel their pain but the game does start to fail later on and starts to get cheesy but by the end of it, it feels like you just played a masterpiece and you really do wish Heavy Rain came to PC. I really do enjoy Fahrenheit and I wish it would get a proper remake but we can't always get what we wish for 9/10"
76561198272054124,Recommended,312840,20338411,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,kurtwilde,"Great game, I have beat this game several times over the years. It's a wonderfully crafted story.For those who liked Hard Rain or Beyond Two Sould you will find this is a fantastic game to add your collection!"
76561198065708757,Recommended,312840,20499548,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Demolisher200,"In Depth Review:I was really into playing this game and once I heard it was remastered on Steam, I did what everyone else probably did and waited for a sale. Now, I want to like this game but it is impossible given the fact that I can't play actually play the darn thing!The game crashes everytime I try and do a QTE segment where I dive in icey water (which btw is really early on). And the screen freezes but the game goes on...  so it isn't playable. Really damn sad.I heard someone mentioin it being a multi-core processor problem but I have no idea. All I know is that I wasted money on a crap port. I tried to make the game run in 1 core but either I suck at configuring or it just doesn't work.https://steamcommunity.com/app/312840/discussions/0/492379159718229721/(has same problem as me)UPDATE:  I got it working. I turned down anisotropic filtering down to 8x instead of 16 and turned front-buffer effects off. I suspect the front-buffer effects were the culprit though.I tested it again and the front-buffer effects were the problem. I'll change my thumbs down if I go through the complete game without anymore annoying issues.FINAL THOUGHTS: Leave the anisotropic filtering at 8x. Later in the game, I experienced problems when I wanted to undo my actions/choices. How do you do this? Simple, pause the game and go  to ""Stop"" then when on the Main Menu, ""Continue"" . Eventully turning the filtering back down fixed a problem where my PC would freeze when I did this (and I'm a perfectionist on one of my playthroughs  so doing this is a must). So once I did that, I had no problems whatsoever with the game. Oh, and my PC is pretty good if I say so myself... so save yourself some neckstrain and implement these settings... it might just save you time where you could be playing the game instead of fixing it.I enjoyed this game a lot; the story was interesting throughout its entirety... once I figured out the game's mechanics (I.E. what ppl are calling horrible controls, but they work once you get them). I didn't know about a tutorial mode... so yeah check that out, it might save you from looking up these facts on the internet.The story was fun. There were tense, funny, stupid, romanitc, wacky, and intersting aspects to the game's story... it just has it all. I thought the game would play out like Heavy Rain and be really grounded and gritty... but I was surprised, I mean the game has a lighter tone than that even though the first segment was pretty dark. The soundtrack is AMAZING! I love all the retro throwback tunes in this game that seem like hip-hop jazz 80's stuff. It also has some really nice orchestrational moody stuff for the right scenes.Critique: Controls take some getting used to. Change the run key to Space Bar instead of shift, makes it more intuitive.Game has aged and that shows by the character animation, lip sync, and facial experssions even though their making of videos look pretty high-tech for the time. (most of it can be ignored if your immersed).BIGGEST NEGATIVE: Forced stealth sections... What in the h3ll were they thinking? Leave the stealth to the stealth experts like the MGS series, Deus Ex, Splinter Cell, or The Last of Us. This game throws you into the most teeth nawing, horrbily implemented stealth expeience of the decade, right next to some other games that might be worth a mention. (This game is newer than most of the ones I'm about to mention having originally released in '06). The games were: GTA San Anderas, Return to Castle Wolfenstein, The Getaway: Black Monday, Uncharted 2: Among Theives, and Goldeneye 007. Now, I don't expect you to know all of these references but be my guest and look it up if your curious.Luckily, there are only 2 stealth sections to the game. I would reccomend looking up how to do it if you become tired of trial and error. How is folliwing a scripted path with no freedom considered a fun stealth experience? It was definitely out of place. Quantic Dream is good at one thing and one thing only: That is, interactive narrative experiences... not stealth.If you've never played this game before, then I would recommend picking it up. In the game, if you press F9, you can switch between Original and Remaster and the difference whilst some would call minimal, I would say is definitely better. It's no Cysis or Metro 2033 so if your in it for the grahpics then what the h3ll are you doing reading this? xD So, if you can stand the negatives I mentioned and your looking for a good narrative experience, go ahead, you'll enjoy it. (Even more so, on-sale! ;)"
76561198169260510,Recommended,312840,20506233,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RoboticGamer,"Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy is definitely worth getting as it has a rich story, nice and smooth gameplay, playing as different characters and has different endings depending on the choices and actions made during the game"
76561198184005170,Recommended,312840,20497899,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,flexytuna,Amazing
,Recommended,312840,20389003,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Skyfall,"TL;DR:  Disappointing ending to an otherwise great story.Aside from all the obnoxious controls (see other reviews), this game is great... up to a point.The storyline is fantastic and is sort of a psychological thriller/crime thriller. The game kept me glued to my computer and the characters were well done. Then about 3/4 of the way through the game it all just fell apart. The storyline just turned to a cheesy sci-fi movie complete with absurd, unexplained physics, seemingly contradictory logic, and romantic relationships that make no sense at all.For instance:*SPOILER ALERT*<SPOILER>You are told by the physical embodiment of a rouge computer A.I. that he revived you from death.  (???)  Then you have random sex with a girl you've had next to no interaction with and she reveals she loves you although she has only ever spoken to you like twice. Then later she says she is pregnant... Even though you're a dead man who was revived by A.I. And you're not brought back to life either, because the game repeatedly makes it clear that you don't have any body heat or breath, and the A.I. says that you cannot die.</SPOILER>"
,Recommended,312840,20167280,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hemish,"I can't believe it has already been 10 years since I first (and last!) played this game. Even coming in with the knowledge that the story would turn batshit crazy before you know what's happening, I was still reeling when it happened. It's like the game is missing an hour of plot or something.The game aged badly with the controls but at this price, it's worth it to play it until at least 75% as the story starts great and everything is interesting. I compare it to a Cthulhu story where it starts as a normal murder investigation with police work and then the supernatural elements start to show up.My only real complain is the excessive use of QTE that are still hard on Easy... You need to focus all your energy on them hence you keep missing the action and all the flashes/camera angles make you lose track of them so you miss more prompts than you would otherwise."
,Recommended,312840,20034420,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,VP| Currystrike,"Fahrenheit is a really good game. It creates an atmosphere which makes you feel kind of connected to the characters from the first minutes of the game....Must have if you like games like ""Heavy Rain""...."
,Recommended,312840,20129490,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SILV_R,"1) Kill some random dude2) Get superpowers and fight giant bugs among other things3) Discover some mumbo-jumbo conspirational prophecy4) ???????5) Profit10/10, would play again, Tyler's smile makes the game"
,Recommended,312840,20129745,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,namsookee,"This game was not what I expected. Controls are obviously funky and annoying most of the time. The fighting sequences can get repetitive too. The overall story, twists, and immersion makes up for it. It is Mass Effect-esque when it comes to the near end. Great game. I wish I could play Beyond Two Souls and Heavy Rain without having to get a PS4. Quantic Dream, thanks for this game."
,Recommended,312840,20017377,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Julianne Stingray,"I don't want to say I recommend this game, but it was fun."
76561198075074917,Recommended,312840,21038907,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jordan,"Decent.I had this game for the Xbox when it first came out, but I never managed to complete it.  In fact, I still have that copy to this day.  For all those saying this game is not in fact remastered, please rest assured that it is.  That is not to say that you will be blown away by the remaster, but the visuals are definitely better now than they were in 2005.If you are looking for a serious drama with some detective work and perhaps some sort of witchcraft, keep looking.  The story in this game starts off as intriguing, but becomes progressively more ridiculous.  There little to no character development, and so many questions are left unanswered.  I always felt like I was being rushed and wasn't allowed time to delve deeper into the story.  Whilst this game is worth a playthrough because it's relatively short and easy, I have no desire to play through it again.The camera and controls in this game are very frustrating; however, as the game presents no significant challenge, it's not that much of an issue."
76561198043002547,Recommended,312840,21263869,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,cyrilk,"The game is awesome. Its storyline, the level of player involvement into the gaming process. There is just only one thing I didn't like in this game is the fact that at the end of the game you still have almost no clue about what has just happened."
,Recommended,312840,21210862,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rev,Does the plot even matter anymore once you've witnessed your protagonist kung-fu fight a helicopter?
76561198055205101,Recommended,312840,21006233,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NarrowSpider,"The first hour made me laugh so hard my lungs burst. The second half got me more interested in the story. However, every ending was just unsatsifying."
,Recommended,312840,21893835,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,SamwellD,"If Deadly Premonition is like a game made out of Twin Peaks, I guess this is a bit similar to X-files. Only that this is not as perfect.In many ways the way the story was build was wonderfully done. It has all kinds of elements with a great mystery that is revealed gradually. I was hooked from the instant.But then came the disappointment. In the beginning I thought that the main female character was made very well. I thought that she was intelligent and independent and was able to go on in the story on her own, without depending on any ""sex appeal"". Boy was I wrong. This game has a lot of moments where I had to literally make a facepalm gesture, from gym scenes to awkward and surprisingly revealing sex scenes. And what is even more stupid was howshe suddenly fell in love with the main male character even though she couldn't have possibly been able to now him properly beforehand.Also there were some unnecessary racist remarks with the other main male character Tyler. He had the same white voice actor as Lucas, and was somehow very skilled in basketball.Overall it still had some great moments and I enjoyed the overall atomosphere a lot. The music is done by Angelo Badalamenti, who also did the soundtrack to Twin Peaks and some other projects by David Lynch. And I still recommend it for people who enjoy story driven games.The gameplay itself was quite non-existent since the game was mostly full of reaction minigame sequences, but that really wasn't an issue for me. I still understand if it were for somebody else.7/10, I recommend buying it when it is on sale. Or you can just look through the playthrough from youtube. You wouldn't be missing on much if you did it that way."
,Recommended,312840,17043240,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,simbox97,Someone said MASTERPIECE?(Steam says 3h but i've played it offline for about 4 more hours)
,Recommended,312840,17053030,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,vepha,"nice story, great game, enjoyed every minute!"
,Recommended,312840,17092181,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sergeant Segas,9/10 Enjoyed every second of this game.
76561198063559573,Recommended,312840,17100444,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cyreze,"Fahrenheit also know as Indigo Prophecy is one of those games that are far and few in between. The mix of suspense and action, mystery belnded well as you take on the roles of mulitiple characters and prospectives could only come from a game company like Quantic Dream to pull this off. I highly reccomend to all, a must play for any gamer. X-file fans will love this :)"
,Not Recommended,312840,16418176,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,stimpaque,the basic idea could have been good but considering the game itself it is a huge disappointment
,Recommended,312840,17255571,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Spenman007,"A really, really good game. Very engaging and visceral story. I'd reccommend it."
76561198119406515,Recommended,312840,17557370,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,its0nlym1ne,Excellent game.
,Not Recommended,312840,17465194,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Squashbuckler,"Unfortunately this game just couldnt hold my interest. It was defenitely dated, but I think the major issue was that it demanded too much patience from its players. As an RPG veteran, I have no issues with patience, but this game was pushing it, and just not going anywhere. Furthermore, the QTE was horrible."
76561198031875543,Recommended,312840,16827468,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Poliban,"I never played the original, but I love it like I love everything that Quantic Dream and David Cage do"
,Recommended,312840,16289612,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Lamp,"I enjoyed my time with this game! The fighting scenes were incredibly annoying, but a tiny bit easier with a controller. This game is basically unplayable with a keyboard."
,Recommended,312840,16455978,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SgtIcetea,"If you played the original, buy this!If you didn't, buy it!"
,Recommended,312840,16884319,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,NIИ,A very well made remaster. On my ps2 when the original game came out Played the game non-stop amazing I definety reconmmend it.8/10
,Recommended,312840,23829616,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kdawg2k,"Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered is a remake of a 2005 console game entitled Fahrenheit for PS2 and Xbox. You start off the game playing a character (Lucas Kane) that had just committed a murder, but later on, you can swap between Lucas and two NYPD detectives (Carla Valenti and Tyler Miles) that are trying to solve the mystery. If anyone is familiar with David Cage's work (ie. Heavy Rain, Beyond: Two Souls) - you'll feel right at home, as this was his first interactive-movie game.PROS: The ability to switch between the perspective of 3 characters. The crazy, but entertaining story. A refreshing take on the standard murder-mystery genre.CONS: The controls have not aged well. Each character moves around with ""tank controls"" - similar to the original Resident Evil game on Playstation - and this may become a bothersome chore especially when you're in a situation that involves racing against the clock or running away from something. However, the worst part about the controls isn't the movement - it's the damn QTE (quick time events)! I usually DON'T MIND QTEs IN ANY GAME (if the sequences are short and the inputs are minimal)- however, this game is the worst offender with QTEs I've ever seen! I'm talking about sequences where you have an extremely limited amount of time to enter inputs that can be really long (ie. 20-30 inputs) and if you mess up, the scene has to START ALL OVER AGAIN. I feel like I'm playing Dance Dance Revolution with the QTE inputs at times, except when you mess up, you instantly lose! Both important (and non-important) story events are all done via QTE, which can be annoying.Another complaint I have is that this game has tacked-on stealth gameplay in a few chapters. Being that this game was made with fixed camera angles as you cross from one section to the next (again, similar to the original Resident Evil), it makes it much more frustrating to complete the stealth chapters without being spotted.Overall Rating: 6/10If I could give this game a neutral rating, I would. However, since the story starts off as somewhat interesting in the beginning (and becomes more and more absurd as you play) and there aren't many interactive-movie games like this, I'll give it a slight thumbs up. I think this game is only worth it if it's on sale and you want to experience a ridiculous story. I personally wouldn't play it again, as there isn't much replay value after you complete it."
76561198078850973,Recommended,312840,23129222,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Slaiquer,"Fahrenheit isn’t a game that everyone will enjoy playing. It have a very specific way of telling the facts and presenting the history to the player, frequently it assumes camera positions and cuts that clearly show the objective of making the game closest as possible from a playable movie (and hell yeah it can do that). Not only can it make the player start making bounds whit its characters but also to love the game’s history (although sometimes looking like you’re watching a Matrix movie). Fahrenheit isn’t the type of game that you go and tell your friends and them play whit them. Every player has its own experience by playing it by himself. If you’re tired of explosions and shooting (at lease for a part of it) and is after a well told history, than Fahrenheit is for you. However, even if it isn’t what you’re looking for, it is worth to check it out."
,Recommended,312840,23131847,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,memed inside,QTE's everywhere
,Recommended,312840,23082485,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ExplodyIsHere CSGO64.com,This game is amazing it has a very good start and I would dfinatly play it again :D
76561198080835340,Not Recommended,312840,17860555,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,puma26579,Won't load on three pc's that i have one of them is very very Fast so no reason not to work and my pc is not to slow good game on ps2 whated it in hd on my pc but no good if anyone else had them problem let me no if you can fix it thanks
,Recommended,312840,22507942,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,OceanBoy,"Pretty good voice acting, a good story in the beginning with characters you can care about.  The plot becomes rather silly towards the end, but it's an enjoyable experience nonetheless.  If you're into RPGs and decision-based games, I would say this is a game worth getting."
,Recommended,312840,24242305,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The_Jackal,"Fahrenheit has a very interesting narrative, the graphics are still quite good considering how old the game is, the gameplay is overall good, the camera is a bit quirky but nothing too bad... It is a little over-packed with QTEs, at times they feel completely unecessary and just get in the way of the story, which is the point of the game.My biggest problem with Fahrenheit is how the plot developed, the first half of the game was very interesting, I liked the set up, but then it just mixed old mayan miths (that I have no idea if they are actually real) with crazy AI theories from Terminator and the ending was a mess, a lot of questions unresolved, relations that made no sense and plot holes...Of course we have to remember that this game is over 10 yeas old, today its easy to point those mistakes, but back in the day it was definately a bold game, to say the least, and certainly worth playing for people who like story driven games."
76561198025813712,Recommended,312840,32918650,Posted: 28 June,all,⌈ Pineapple ⌋,you can make sweet sweet love to your ex with much more control than you ever asked for.
76561198012023582,Recommended,312840,33442439,Posted: 10 July,all,lewrker,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. Some parts of it are just amazing - /some/ music, /some/ writing, /some/ world-building, but then there's a lot of lazy writing, astoundingly bad character development and poor choices of musical theme. In terms of gameplay - the minigames only feel right when there's an action sequence - they actually make it seem like the graphics are better than they really are; the standard adventure walk-and-click segments are decent, save for a few moments when you're on a timer and the camera angle is awful, and everything else is a frustrating chore.Get it, but bear in mind this is more of an experiment in what would later become 'telltale' games, rather than a well-polished experience something modern would provide."
,Recommended,312840,32300928,Posted: 9 June,all,Umar Shah,"Amazing game. Started strong and was gripped into the story. The QTE's do however make it so you look at what you need to do, rather than what the QTE's actually make your character do when you have to do a couple of them one after the other. Did have a slight problem trying to get the game to work as it would play the intro and then just display a black screen. Quitting the game with would show a long error list but to fix this just turn the Steam in-game overlay off."
,Recommended,312840,32292839,Posted: 9 June,all,Gumball,They tried to make best movie ever. Half way they changed their mind and made a game...
,Recommended,312840,32339055,Posted: 11 June,all,Palmypede,"Besides the story becoming weird and the lack of impact by the choices made throughout the story, this game can be very enjoyable. It's an interesting interactive book. If you ever played more recent games by Quantic Dream and you liked them, then I guess you would like this one. Enjoy !"
76561198244747004,Recommended,312840,18300143,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bennie,love the game
76561198091747337,Not Recommended,312840,16903595,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Magic Miller,"David Cage is probably the M. Night Shyamalan of video games.  He has some good ideas, but doesn't always get the execution right.  This is one of those games.  Yes, the atmosphere is fantastic, the music spellbinding, but the story is mad as sack of cats being thrown in the Thames.  Then it sinks."
,Recommended,312840,32526957,Posted: 17 June,all,Tony,"Good story, you even get to do a sequence where you become Goku for a second"
76561198074057695,Recommended,312840,32693100,Posted: 23 June,all,Jachangirl94,"Well...what can I say about this Game. It left me behind with a lot of mixed feelings.Many years ago I saw a review of this game and back then there was nothing else on the market and I got really curious about it. Now I finally had the chance to play it.*SPOILERS AHEAD*It was not the graphics or the unfortunate camera angels (you could cleary see that it was meant for Playstation back then) but the story that dissapointed me a bit. The beginning is very exciting and you could really feel for Lukas and the story of the gruesome murder he did. But after the half of the game it got really (I got no other word for it but) weird...it was just too strange and you could really see that the producers of the game wanted to give you something new but went a little bit too far from there. Too much story changes (like why the h*** would Carla, who was the detective of the murder case, fall in love and have sex with the murderer after 1 DAY??!! I mean come on she isn't that stupid!) in the end too many annoying fight sequences with quicktime events (at one part I really thought the makers kinda watched a lot of ""Matrix"" at the time) and some questions that were unanswered (Like what did the Indigo child tell Lukas? Why is Lukas and Carlas child the next kid of the prophecy?)*SPOILERS OVER*It was kind of enjoyable, but you have to know that the graphics are not uptodate. The story is really cool in the beggining, but gets a bit different then you would expect at the half of the game. It has some interesting quick time events and action scenes, you just have to get used to the keyboard settings but all in all if you are a fan of movies in games like Heavy Rain, Beyond two souls and Life is Strange you should really try it out!"
76561197995443107,Recommended,312840,14323621,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Vape Naysh,"One of the most unique games out to this day. Only bad part is that the giant QTE prompts can get in the way of the game itself, forcing you to concentrate on your movement and miss out on moments. The story goes all over the place from standard crime, to sci-fi, to religious conspiracy. The characters and voice acting are prety standard but considering the state of the gaming scene back when the game first arrived it was probably great at the time."
,Recommended,312840,31994935,Posted: 27 May,all,Bot Sweden gamedom.com,"I liked it, controls could have been better."
,Recommended,312840,20417180,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Miss Akira the Spookybutt,"So there's three clans: The Orange Clan, the Grape Clan, and the Police.So the Grape Clan is mad at the Orange Clan for being preferred as a breakfast item, and the Orange Clan is like ""Well we own everything lolol"" meanwhile the Police are trying to come up with a new album. It ends up being that a second Ice Age is happening so everyone is depressed and there's a black guy who has funk music follow him wherever he goes. He saves everyone's depression and the world is saved.David Cage is a fraud. 10/10 best game of 2005 hands down"
,Recommended,312840,34146030,Posted: 10 August,all,Larry Long Dong,"If I could review a game as ""Neutral"" on Steam I would do that to FahrenheitGame starts off mysterious and interesting I was really enjoying it but then the game got a little silly but it was still a thrilling story and also there were way too many quick time events which were cases of ""padding"" but I still enjoyed the game I enjoyed the characters and all that stuff. I think you should give this game a shot"
76561197965383380,Recommended,312840,34950040,Posted: 14 September,all,อานนท์,"Great game. It has good story, but QTE is the biggest minus in the game as you do 70% of the time, and because doing them on keyboard is much easier the new xbox controller support isn't that useful as its much harder doing them with analog pads. It has different endings, so it has replay value."
,Recommended,312840,35212547,Posted: 25 September,all,kucingkampung,"An interactive movie with one of the the weirdest premise ever, a mix between an old school occult fiction with The 'bizarre' Matrix plot. 'WTF' and 'LOL' flies along the line when things reminds you with some old movies here and there. But, oddly, that what makes this apps interesting. The endings however ...  it's the point where 90% chances you'll say WTF. It's not a game anyway, so you might want to consider yourself watching a B-movie (relative to this date) while 'playing' this one.If you have the other awesome Quantic Dreams interactive movies in your fav console, then you might want to consider to add this into your PC too. XD"
76561198045125260,Recommended,312840,35233729,Posted: 26 September,all,Fanarkle Unkerbean,Had no idea it was going to be aboutmayans and aliens.  Would have been better as a music rhythm game.
76561198086567165,Recommended,312840,34402953,Posted: 21 August,all,v.dienes,"Absolutely recommended. Very refreshing experience and one of the most original games available for PC. And maybe the best storytelling I ever experienced in PC games.But yes, game is not without flaws. One flaw is that you can feel it is not genuine PC game but console port. Other flaw is that I had feeling that game was ""rushed"" at the end. At the beginning of game, story was revealing nicely slowly and steadily in really enjoyable pace. But in last stages of game many events are quite packed together and happening just too fast. I have feeling that team had some deadline maybe and they needed to release the game quickly.Despite those 2 flaws, I can without doubt recommend this game. Pros are still absolutely overweighting cons.Btw, I noticed that some people were lamenting about quick time events in game being very hard. It just need to setup your keys so it is comfortable for you and do some practice. I had no problem with quick time events after some time of practising."
,Recommended,312840,16224630,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Crimean Snow,"Симулятор своевременного нажатия кнопок! Кнопки... они ВЕЗДЕ!!!А так, хорошее НЕмыльное кинцо 2006 года."
76561198261811927,Recommended,312840,34357228,Posted: 19 August,all,Rutjan666,"Although this game is old, I'm amazed by its dynamics.Many different things to do, some of which have absolutely no incidence on the storyline, but it's nice to have the choice.Nudity and sex scenes, one of which is even interactive!The controls are hard to tackle sometimes, especially due to camera angles, but the overall experience is rather smooth.The QTE events are not always easy to pass, which give the game a nice challenge."
76561198064800171,Recommended,312840,35248681,Posted: 27 September,all,chris_cz,...... WOW !!!!!!
,Recommended,312840,35477498,Posted: 4 October,all,JavvieSmalls,"I experienced a couple of bugs where the game seemed to freeze during some action sequnces which led me having retry sections multiple times hoping it wouldn't freeze and it also happened at the end of the game, which effected my ending and I was not able to replay the end. If you do experience this, you can youtube the endings or watchhere (*SPOILERS OBVIOUSLY*), there are several endings whichI believe are not effected by other choices made in the game, only QTE at the endBut that said I'll let it slide for the price I paid (£1.74), it is an old game, and I did enjoy it.I recommend and especially if you like story rich games and/or supernatural thrillers."
