user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,313160,15749821,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,snuffyboots,"Okay, so obviously I've played this game a ridiculous amount of time.  I can be a little obsessive about getting a game going JUST RIGHT so that I can build my empire.  That having been said, I still have not explored all of the facets of the game as of yet.  Now I have not played the previous versions of this game, so I didn't really know what to expect with it, and I have to say that my girlfriend made fun of me for days after purchasing and playing this game.Here is what makes it so awesome:You have a unique opportunity to build your own empire with the farming equipment and shifting markets.  Yes, you're running a farm.  Doesn't sound all that interesting, does it?  Well, playing it on a computer removes all of the icky-est parts of owning your own farm, and the fast settings allow you to harvest every day (about every 21 game hours, actually), which means that if you are savvy with the way you start, you can really build your business.The game allows you to pick different ways to play the game, including how much involvement you want to have in the game.  There are some crops, like wheat, barley, or canola, that require very little micromanaging on your part.  See, this game allows you two options, depending on the task you are undertaking... you can either run the machine yourself (which takes some dexterity, believe you me!) or you can hire a worker to do it for you.  I made the mistake on my first go-round of trying to run the harvester myself.  Anyway, on crops like the ones I mentioned, the only thing you really need to do is run the tractor that gets the grain from the harvester (with a trailer) and drop it off either in your silo for storage or sell it directly to the highest buyer.If you want to make more money, there are other things you can produce, such as Bio Gas.  This is what I like to call the money making machine.  I won't go into details here, since I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but do the research and you will soon have all the money you need to fund whatever your chosen task is.  The point is, that you have to spend your time and energy running the darned tractor around dumping into the buckets (this takes HOURS).  So if you want to really spend time on your game and work at it, you certainly have the opportunity to thrive.The game is beautifully crafted, and the machinery is very realistic (but what do I know, I work in an office, right?).  As other people have mentioned before, crash simulation is almost non-existant.  Frankly, that's the way I like it.  If I'm stupid enough to accidentally flip my tractor over and it somehow magically rights itself with all of its contents still in tact?  I'm a happy camper.  Again, all of the icky stuff has been removed.  The game itself though, and the two worlds that it comes with, have beautiful graphics (I'm running on the highest settings, though) and the ambient sound is realistic but repetative.  Personally I wish they would put a volume bar in that could go at increments of 5 instead of 10, but I'm being picky.To be fair, here's a list of cons for the game:This game will take over your life.  No, seriously.  If you are committed to playing this game and getting to the 5 million marker, you need to put in some serious time.  It starts SLOW.  So slow you think you're going to slit your wrists for spending your first 3 or 4 hours just to successfully figure out how to complete your harvest and reseed a new one.  You will make mistakes.  You will buy the wrong equipment.  You will want to restart your game at least 3 times.  If you buy this game and commit to it, you're going to put in at least 12 hours exploring the mechanics of the game, and still you'll learn new things about how the machinery works and you'll wish you had known 50 GAME HOURS AGO.  Ah well.  Such is life.  Keep dumping those silage buckets.As I sort of hinted at in the previous point, the tutorial is woefully lacking in information.  And the tutorial willstillseem completely overwhelming.  There is SO MUCH to the game mechanics of this game to learn, and one of the biggest and most important tools is your tablet, which can be accessed using your ""i"" key.  I don't honestly remember them mentioning this in the tutorial once, and your tablet is crutial to running your farm.  It will show you where your machinery is, how far along in the harvest your crops are, how much crops are selling for, what the projected weather will be (because it really does matter!) and many other things that you will need to know.  How they could have left this out (or again, maybe I missed it) I couldn't possibly tell you.  I was looking up game guides for this and came across mention of it, and once again my game was reborn.The sun doesn't set.  Well, the sun doesn't TRAVEL, rather.  It stays in one position in the sky for the entire day and simply simulates the coloring of a sunrise and sunset by just dimming itself.  I don't know why, but this really bothers me, although I can understand why it wouldn't have been high on the game developers' priority list.  The rest of the details seem so well thought that I figured this would be a given.When the game speeds up, the machinery doesn't.  Now this may seem normal to some people, but I also have a healthy love for The Sims 4, and I'm used to havingeverythingspeed up when I speed up time.  It means that while you can speed up the harvest time of planted crops, or force the hour to turn over to see the new crop prices on your tablet, you can't make your machines work your field any darned faster than they can physically do it.  This means that you might even have time to get up and make yourself a sandwich while your cultivator and seeder work your field.  Personally, I knit while my machines are on autopilot.  But that's just another reason why this game is great for me.  Impatient people though, them not so much.There's no action to this game at all.  This really should be a given to anyone who spends more than 30 seconds looking at the specs of this game, but I'm sure that some people are displeased that this game is so tranquil.  Personally, I like it, but the game is monotonous--intentionally so.  A lot of people would find this game tedious.  It is.  I love it.  Deal with it.So as I said, I haven't yet explored every facet of this game.  I have yet to farm corn to get corn, usually I just farm for silage.  I have yet to try cutting down trees, or having cattle or sheep.  Also potatoes.  I'm not sure I'm gonna try doing potatoes.  But regardless, I have yet to be bored with this game, not enough to eventually come back again.  So far the DLC has been reasonable (although I haven't used much of the IT Runner pack at all, really) and the game has been a pleasure.  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a game that they can relax into after a long day.  Do I want to be a farmer in real life?  Not a chance.  Do I enjoy playing a simulated farm game?  You bet your a$$ I do.Oh, and one more thing.  Eventually my girlfriend stopped making fun of me.JK^Just Kidding (she still totally makes fun of me)"
,Recommended,313160,17977926,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,brothertim,"This game is destroying my life.   I just cant stop playing it.  Think this game is all about combines and cultivators?  I did.  I thought ""why would i want to play a game about farming?  that's stupid.""  I cannot accurately explain how in depth this game actually is.Harvesting crops is only 1/3 of this game.  Hell, probably even less.  You can literally play this game and never once harvest a crop and still make millions.Forrestry is very lucrative, even on Hard difficulty.Silage (fermented grass/chaff) making is extremely profitable, almost game-breakingly so.If you do like the large combines (All hail the CR 10.90) and running large farmlands, there is plenty to do with grains/root vegetables, the latter of which will consume ALL your time.Also, there are passive ways to make money as well. You can buy objects like solar panels to generate you small profits per hour, or eventually buy wind turbines to generate much larger profits.  As well as semi-active income sources, like animals.  Chickens take zero maintenance, just collect the eggs and sell them.   Sheep require grass for food, to generate wool, and a forklift to transport the wool pallets to sell for a larger profit.  Cows take a significant larger time/effort/money investment to run at high efficiencies, but can make you lots of money.Last thing I'll say is that the mods for this game are absolutely wonderful.  Anything the devs left out has been crafted by the modding communities.  There's a mod for pretty much any application you need.  Have a trailer that can't attach to your Quad-Trac tractor you just dropped 350K on?  There's a simple mod for that!I started typing this with the intent of making only one paragraph about it, but I am really a supporter of this game.  It's extremely well done and for the pricetag, there's not much better.I knocked it before i tried it because farming sounds soooo boring.  I coulnd't be happier that I gave in and bought it."
76561197983134852,Recommended,313160,17218317,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,david,"It's all my brothers fault.  I laughed when i saw it pop up that he was playing Farming Simulator.. I mean what kind of fun could you possibly have playing on a farm.  Then I went to visit him and I tried it.  I bought it and my life has vanished.  I think I had a girlfriend once, but I can't remember.  Got to plough that field, need a BIG harvester, that'll make the game so much easier, but wait, that new Sower will cut the time I spend sowing my fields from 2 hours to 30 minutes... NEEDS it, but wait.... and so it goes.Seriously I work from home so this game is aboslutely perfect for me, I can work and plough at the same time, harvest and then get back to doing some work.  It's not like an FPS or something where I have to finish a zone before I can safely leave things and work for an hour or 2.  God bless Farming Simulator.  Don't be worried by the number of hours I've played, I've slept through some of them... I think."
76561197998777223,Recommended,313160,12707420,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,RespawningPleaseWait,"Farmer Bob walked out to his field and looked over the fresh crop.  For some reason, everything seemed a bit sharper and better looking lately.  Which made Bob happy.  But many of his favorite tools had vanished from the market, which made Bob unhappy.  Surely they would return to the market later, but he'd probably have to pay for the access.  ""The Man"" was always stickin it to Bob like that.  Because that's ""The Man""'s job.Bob looked over his combine.  It was dirty, but there was no damage to it, but that was expected.  There was never any damage.  He'd taken to jumping his tractor off cliffs and humming Dixie.  Maybe he'd get a horn set up for it.Bob's life was never exciting.  There were no aliens, commie invasions to fight off, or Godzilla vs Mothra battles in the north 40.  But that's okay.  Bob drove tractors.  He liked driving tractors and combines and loaders in giant circles and squares and quadrilaterals and stuff.  And that's what's important in life.  That, and sneaking off with the chickens' eggs to make some extra cash.  It helped that he'd clubbed that dang rooster over the head every time he heard it.  It finally seemed to shut up, or at least turn the volume down.The south field was already planted, so Bob hopped into yet another tractor and hooked up a sprayer.  Setting the brand spankin new cruise control to its only value - cruise, he activated the spray and drove his first pass over the field.  Coming to the end of the field, he shut off the sprayer.  The cruise control immediately sensed the shutoff and floored the accelerator.  Bob whipped the tractor around as fast as he could and the cruise slowed a bit through the turn.  But when he straightened out, the cruise shifted into warp 7.  The inertial dampeners failed and Bob was crushed against the back seat of his machine, accelerating out of control.  As his ribs cracked and he lost consciousness, his last thoughts were of how poorly the English language could express his dislike of the new cruise control.  At least the tractor wouldn't be damaged."
,Recommended,313160,12695147,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DJPimpDaddy,"What can be said about Farming Simulator 15 other than hell yeah?  Seriously it is like, the game was already awesome. And then they sprayed some awesome fertilizer on it and increased their yield by a full 30%! Yeah I went there! Deal with it.Some highlights of awesome I discovered while playing this morning:The new Bjornholm map is excellent. I nice replacement to the old FS13 defaultThey also included the newer 'Merican map for those of us who love huge tracks of land (if you know what I mean)After cultivating one field, your tractor is so muddy you can't even recognize the brand anymore!  Still looking for an ingame car wash, cause while mud is fun, I can't tell which tractor is which lol.  Still I count this as a huge positive.You leave tire tracks EVERYWHERE. Like, you can follow your path that you just bushwacked through your neighbor's backyard to the grainery since it leaves massive wheel scars as you blast through his barbque hauling a sowing machine at 35 km/h.The new equipment on the Bjornholm map is fun.  Been working my way through the lesser tractors so far and while there are some familiar comfort-foods in there (looking at you Lindner Geotrack) it is still fun to experiment with some of the new stuff.When you start performing a task like cultivating, plowing, or sowing, for the first time you can actually feel the tractor throttle up and ""groan"" under the stress of tearing a device through the earth. It is such a satisfying addition to the game.  Before the tractor would just slowly throttle up to max speed and drive on. This time around you can sense the raw power the machine is belching out to perform the task. Well done Giant's Software for nailing that!  You have perfected the sim world even more.Did I mention collectable coins yet?   Same concept as horseshoes.I have not started the forestry path yet, But the concept alone intrigues me hard.Lastly, and this is a huge ++++  ....  you can finally hire someone to spray the fields.  (Drops mic, walks off stage)"
76561197974920126,Recommended,313160,12857287,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sir Meowric,"The joy that this game provides is unfathomable.  I am consistently draw back to it like an ex i just can't drop, and each time I come back I'm reminded that I love it, but I just can't figure out why.  I try to tell my buddies about it, but trying to describe it in words just doesn't do it justice.  I find myself spending most of my time driving under 10 mph, staring at lines in the ground and tryin to stay within them.  It sounds ludicrous.  But right now, this is the most relaxing thing in my life and I look forward to it thorughout the day.  I find myself fanasizing about actually becoming a farmer.  Moving to the middle of no f-ing where and finding a farmers daughter to settle down with.  I want to powerwash everything.  To control nature with my two hands, and harvest it with the most rediculously oversized harvester the world has ever seen.  I might be millions in debt to the bank, but damn this tractor has so many buttons!!!  Thank you Faming Simulator 15, for bringing zen into my life."
,Recommended,313160,20232021,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tom,"Farming Simulator 15 is a simulator game developed by Giants Software. The game takes place in various locations across America and Europe. The goal of the game is to farm (surprisingly!), look after livestock and grow crops to sell. This is the seventh game in the Farming Simulator series releasing in May 2015.2015 version of this game brings some new features, such as washable vehicles, 41 brands which work out to about 140 individual pieces of equipment.  The game has two game modes, career and multiplayer; this review will be based solely on the single player career mode. You start out in the career mode with a very outdated farm, and you are tasked with expanding and improving machinery and farm buildings to make more money.  The main way you do this is by growing crops and selling them. The tutorial at the start of the game does a very good job of explaining all of the controls and how you plant, grow, and farm crops. Once you are in the world, you are free to do what you want, wherever you want on your farm. You can invest money you make into new crops, additional fields, or equipment. Later in the game you can also add some livestock to your farm but you have to look after them as well as doing the other jobs. On top of the general up keep of your farm, you can also complete missions too, which are randomly generated, and normally come with some form of timescale on as well. Your rewards for completing the missions are usually money plus bonuses, depending on how quickly you finished it.Even though I was playing on 4k resolution, the environment still looks fairly poor. The machinery does seem to have slightly better graphics though, with some crisp textures. All of the machineries animations are down to a tee though; allowing you to see all moving parts.  This version of the game can also be modded though, with plenty of graphical mods available out there; you can increase the fidelity if you wish.The game does have a very good tutorial, but the game still has a fairly high learning curve if you want to do really well. I had to read tutorials, guides, and help files in order to progress at points to help me build an optimal farm. This is by no means a bad thing though; the level of detail that this game has is quite impressive, and anyone who is looking to get immersed into a game, probably will enjoy the variety of options on offer here.Whilst the game does not have an “end” to it; you can basically play it as long as you desire; I have been playing 21 hours so far, and feel as if I have got my worth out of it. There is a high level of replay-ability, but you could very well just have one farm and keep improving it on a single save.I only ran into one major technical problem, and that was if you are playing the game on a resolution which is not native to your windows resolution, the mouse cursor’s alignment will be off, but this was resolved by entering windows mode, and re-entering full screen mode. I would have liked the options to rebind a few keys, and also a bit of an extra graphics menu. The mouse sensitivity really needs to be cranked all the way up in game also, as it is horrendously slow.I went into this game with no prior knowledge of the series, no knowledge of farming at all, and felt I came out of the experience with at least a basic understanding on what goes on at a farm. The game is pretty slow paced and people who have little patience for this type of pacing will probably be better off staying away, but for someone who is looking to learn something new and have some fun doing it, you will definitely get some enjoyment out of Farming Simulator 15. The game’s full price is £19, 99 – given that I have played the game for 21 hours, I can’t complain too much, but I did purchase it whilst on sale and feel I have got a bit of a bargain now.  The sale price of £7, 99 is definitely worth considering if you are on the fence about this genre of game.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/313160"
,Recommended,313160,12727221,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,AlphaDiode ©,"The most polished installment of the series by far. Giants has really grown up in the past few years and matured the game from obscure niche title, to commercial success complete with all the hype that go along with a new release.So what's new compared to FS2013? If I had to describe it one word, REALISM. For starters the graphics and physics engine has been majorly overhauled and they've done a great job with. It runs like a dream, smooth as butter and isn't a huge hardware pig so it's well optimized. The screenshots really don't do it justice but there is a plethora of details added to the game, some very subtle and others not so subtle.Graphics and lighting are just better. The new tractor physics are really improved. Underpowered machines now really struggle uphill when pulling heavy loads and in some cases will stall or the wheels will just spin. Crash physics aren't so great but I overlook this because the game isn't about crashing. Everything in the gameworld is more detailed:1. Machines now get dirty and muddy over time and really grungy looking.2. The machines can now be powerwashed and also get washed during a rainstorm.3. Machines leave dust trails and tracks on the ground where you've driven.4. Little bits of cottonwood and allergens floating around in the air.5. All new and improved particle effects and animations from the chopped straw coming out the back of the harvesters.6. New particle effects and animations when unloading/loading grain.7. New realistic looking animations for churning soil when plowing or cultivating fields.8. All new animations for crop harvesting. Instead of the crops just disappearing when driving the harvester like in FS2013, they're actually animated now and get pulled into the header and swept to the center to the pickup shoot just like IRL.9. The drivers in the cab now turn the wheel when turning instead of having static arms/hands.10. Mirrors in the equipment now work and you can see behind you.11. Vehicle speed can now be fine tuned to your liking in 1mph/kph increments to better match harvester speeds.12. An in game semi transparent map overlay of the gameworld can be pulled up now while you drive with most of the major locations labeled so you don't have to refer to an external map.13. Sprayers and fertilizers can now be hired out. Woohoo!!!!I won't list them all but there are many others. The biggest thing added in terms of mechanics is the addition of forestry and logging. You can now engage in the planting, cutting and chipping of trees and selling them to the lumber mill or wood burning plant for big profit along with a nice selection of wood cutting and processing equipment and implements. Is it fun? Yes but like real life the handling of logs with 6 axis or more machines has a bit of a learning curve and can be frustrating at first, but very satisfying once you get the hang of it.Finally the interface has also been overhauled and is much cleaner, polished and more modern looking and generally better although I do miss the onscreen PDA which they've done away with.The core gameplay remains essentially the same and that's a good thing because it works.10/10"
,Recommended,313160,13404981,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,RoboKast,"This is a great game!This game is one of my favorite simulation games ive ever played!Day 1: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.Day 2: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.Day 3: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.Day 4: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.Day 5: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.Day 6: You finally have enough money to buy that long coveted field... Oh look here is a cool looking tractor.. lets buy it!Day 7: You start out, harvesting your one field and trying to scrape out enough money to buy another field.I'm sure you get the pattern...Pros:Steering Control and Camera angles are perfectSomewhat realistic looking tractorsYou can turn off crop witheringMaps are perfect sizeEasily Moddable (And I mean lotsssss of mods)Income system works greatTerrain on the starter maps is perfectGraphics are greatYou can hire workers to harvest for youCons:Gameplay is somewhat unrealistic (You run into a car going 40mph and you bounce back)Headlights are kind of glitchy at night timeSpeed is slightly unrealisticIts a great game! I definately reccommend it. The Pros outway the ConsRating:Where Did My Life Go/10"
,Recommended,313160,12747959,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DJ Dostoevsky,"So I'm having a blast with the game so far.  The improvements over FS13 are pretty dramatic in a lot of areas.  The vehicle modeling is vastly improved, showing far more detail and complexity in various areas.  The cabins now have fully-functioning side mirrors and all the dashboard dials are fully animated.  Combined with the new lighting engine, the collection of vehicles and equipment are far more gorgeous than they have any right to be in a mere Sim title.On the downside, the environments look largely the same as FS13.  You can notice sharper texture work all around (buildings, stone walls, etc.) but harvest-ready wheat, canola, corn, etc. seems carried over from the last game.  The biggest offender is the draw distance, which hasn't changed much.  I know it can be difficult to render natural environments with expansive, flat planes that stretch on forever, but the graphical fill-in render distance feels way too short.It's not all bad on the environmental front.  There's been numerous upgrades as well.  Vehicles leave tire tracks behind them and kick up dust.  Harvesting fruit is now fully animated (instead of simply disappearing when collected, it's now cut-down and pulled through the rotating header blades).  Similarly, treated soil is now animated when plowed and cultivated, showing churning dirt under the blades instead of a simple texture swap in FS13.  Vehicles now get muddy with prolonged use.  A handy high-pressure sprayer allows you to manually wash them off.  I do think the dirt accumulation happens way too fast though.  I like effect, but your equipment can get completely covered in mere minutes.  I'll be looking forward to a mod that stretches out dirt accumulation over a longer period.As advertised the physics engine has undergone a full overhaul.  Vehicles now have weight to them.  You can feel it when you're pulling heavier equipment and your speed pulls back when riding up inclines.  Equipment is now power-rated, meaning low-rpm tractors can not pull larger loads as there's a minimum threshold they must meet.   Overall, the machinery feels heavier and more substantive, like they stick to the ground vs. flying off on the slightest whim in FS13.  There's also been an upgrade in the audio dept. as engine sounds are deeper and more guttural, adding to the sense of authenticity.Side missions are handled more intelligently in the new game.  Instead of having them pop up at pre-set intervals, you instead travel job boards located around the map and pick from a list of job opportunities.  You still have lawn-mowing and pallet delivery missions, but they've also added 'great demand' requests for various grains.  Picking when and what you want to do makes you feel more in control of collecting extra coin when needed.So all in all I'm really enjoying my time with Farming Simulator 15.  It's just as Zen & relaxing as ever, only this time out if feels entirely Bigger, Better, & More Bad♥♥♥♥♥  The game feels like it's come into its own and is finally in the Big Leagues.  It's met all my ""upgrade expectations"" that were set in motion during the initial media rollout and info dump regarding new graphics and physics engines.  Honesty, when standing FS13 and FS15 side by side, I can't help but think about the all-around qualitative leap from Euro Truck Simulator to Euro Truck Simulator 2.  ETS2 was a breakout hit for SCS Software that had enough crossover appeal to even help legitimize the oft-stigmatized Mundane Vehicle Simulator (tm.) genre with the masses.  I'm now wondering if it's FS15's turn to make a similar leap in awareness and appreciation.  Seeing it sit at #1 on the Steam Top Sellers chart every day since release has been a positive nod in that direction.Side note: Been playing for over 7 hours and I haven't even touched the new Logging feature set, so I have no feedback in that regard.  I've never been into money-cheat mods, opting instead to build my empire up from the ground floor, adding to my fleet piece by incremental piece.  I'll get there in due time.  I'm in no hurry."
,Recommended,313160,12743691,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jambles,Have lost many Friends when they found out that i bought Farming Simulator  10/10
76561198199854585,Recommended,313160,23049094,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SEADOG,"My friends judge me,I judge me,But I don't care...Just leave me alone so I can spend an hour putting logs in a woodchipper."
76561197975649162,Recommended,313160,12945787,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Grimreepr,"Not a bad game at all, very realistic in most aspects, but very very buggy at times.The wood chipper is a prime example.  It is so buggy and underpowered, it makes one think that these guys have never seen one in action.  Once they grab a log, there is no going back, it is shredded.  Short of turning off the equipment, there is no way to get the log out of it.  In this offering, your main task is to get the log to go INTO it.  Even when it does, there is a very high chance it will be just spit out again.  Actually all trees can get very buggy at times.  Ghost logs, screwed up cuts, ( they are still attached to the main log even though cut off), trees that decide to disobey the laws of physics. ( standing verticle instead of falling over)Another issue this game has is BAD and I mean very bad physics.  You can look forward to all your vehicles spinning out for no reason.  Even a tractor going 20 miles and hour will do donuts on you.  Tractors jumping 10 feet in the air on the least bump, total loss of steering unless you are under 10 MPH, and if you over steer an instant jacknife/donut.Smaller issues are with any vehicle that has an articulating joint.  Constant cameras switching angles while trying to drive these vehicles will give the average person headaches in minutes.  Just bad physics and bad camera useage on these vehicles.Another smaller issue is with traction.  Some of these tractors are over 400 HP, and yet they can't climb a 15% grade pullling an empty trailer.  These tractors in real life are able to crawl up 30 and 40 degree slopes, but not here.  It gets annoying fast when a 400 HP tractor powers out going up a hill with nothing attached to it.If you are looking for a genuine farming experience with real world physics, and handling.  Skip this one.  It needs alot of love before it reaches that point.On the other hand, If you are into eye candy, can live with ridiculous physics, and don't mind the odd bug or two.  By all means, you will not be disappointed.  The world is very beautiful, vehicles and equipment are immaculate, everything is very pleasing to the eye and very well presented.  Prices are a little under what they should be, but that helps get into the high end game a little faster.Logging can get you cash fast, and with the ability to buy and place your own trees, will mean an ever lasting cash influx to get those high end machines your farm needs to grow.  Buying cows and chickens can also benefit you, but don't get ahead of yourself.  Owning and feeding cows requires alot of equipment and should be saved for later on.  Chickens can get you a bit of cash, but are unreliable as a means of income late game.the tractors, for the most part behave as one should expect, but are a bit underpowered and can be hard to control at times.  Understeering/oversteering is always an issue.  But they are still fun to pilot.The truth is in the game, farming is one of the most expensive occupations a man can persue and the game reflects that wonderfully.  Think you have 2 million and the world is yours?  Think again, that's a new tractor, combine and header witha  new cart thrown in.  Maybe a piece of land to add to your growing farming empire.  Some of the hirees, are bums, they leave strips all over the field, miss seeding sections, leave strips unplanted.  But as the saying goes, it's hard to get good help.  You get what you pay for.All in all, the game is fiarly decent, brought me hours of fun and enjoyment.  Took me back when I grew up on the farm and drove tractors and harvesters just like these.  I guess that's why my view on the physics of the game is a bit demanding.  I have driven this equipment, I know what it does and what it is capable of, and was expecting this game to reflect that.  It does not, not even close.  I was fully looking forward to watching these diesel demons start grunting and pouring out the black coal.  They don't grunt, it's actually more like a soft whimper.I would suggest that they need to get behind the controls of these monsters and actually experience what they do before tring to put forth a digital representation of these beasts.   To the average city slicker, who doesn't know the difference, it will pass.  For those of us good old boys that grew up driving these metal behemoths, it falls short to the point of stopping playing putting down your mouse and hollering;  ""Yo! Earl!, check this out!... I can do 180's in a 40,000 LB tractor at 20 MPH!""  You ever trying spinning a donut in a 20 ton Tractor?  It's bloody impossible!  They are designed to stay stuck to the ground, that's what they do!  Only time I was able to spin one of these bad boys out was on ice. and that was full bore into a turn towing 10 tons of cow dung.  Try it on dirt, and you will not succeed."
76561198028096440,Recommended,313160,14081254,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Timi,Better than COD.
,Recommended,313160,32743259,Posted: 24 June,all,Midnight Runner,"I'm so lucky to buy this game for a bargain price when it was on sale.Lads and gents, welcome to my FS15 review.Now first, if you love simulations like me, want to kill some time in driving tractors, harvesting crops, taking care of animals, basically if you want to simulate a simple farmer, this is the spot. 15 version is vastly improved version of 13. New graphics, new physics, backload of implements, tractors, harvesters and etc. over 13, this is the game to buy and try. Steering wheel support is amazingly working just fine, the optimization is tremendous, I can play smoothly at high settings, no probs.But in single-player, after playing it a long while it gets boring, as usual. You might want to be a friend with a player that plays 15, then play together. Trust me. Multi-player is a lot more fun.But now 17 is released and has slight improvements, I'll probably recommend 17 over 15, if its price is on sale. OR, get them both! Both of these games are unique on their own.Final: 9/10This game loses 1 point for its overwhelming single-player long timespan gameplay but this is actually nothing. Get it when its on sale!"
76561197983693769,Recommended,313160,16621103,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,THE_Maverick,"It's difficult to explain the appeal of this game, especially when I don't entirely understand it myself. I'm not a grind-gamer by nature, so it's a mystery as to why I will sit for hours on end, drinking coffee and grinding away at fields. But sit I do, pot upon pot of coffee, field upon field of wheat, canola, a little corn to fill the bunkers. I can't really classify it as boring. I guess if you have a technical nature like I do you will find the machinery interesting.I live in a farm county and never payed much attention to the tractors and such roaming the fields nearby, mainly because I'm not a farmer. But now I notice all of them as I drive by. Passing the local equipment supplier, I find myself thinking ""Hey, they have a 10.9 in the yard. I wonder if they have the large header for it. I'd like to climb inside and push buttons."" and ""why don't they make those manure spreaders larger?""Learning, I guess is what draws myself to this. I've spent a bit of time on the net looking up details of the machinery, how they function, etc. Even the growth cycle of corn.Do I recommend this for everyone? No. Action junkies will probably not like it. If you like making artificial money in an artificial world and get some sense of accomplishment from it, you probably will like it."
76561198008697677,Recommended,313160,23372988,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Toxicmoon,"I've never been in to Simulator games, From the 90s on i've found them boring as heck! Living in the country surrounded by farm land and from a recommendation from a friend I was enticed in to try this.    It's critical you watch a few videos first to get a understanding of what to do.  I did that before buying this.I've spend over 50 hours in this game. That's quite a lot for me these days.  While on paper simulators and one about farming sounds boring, I found this to be the most rewarding game in recent years for entertainment value.If your a solo player like me and want to do one of the bigger maps. You really have to start modding the game so you can harvest and replant a feild in an hours time .I found it pretty educational as well.  I always wondered why a farm around my way had a massive white tarp with hundreds of tires on top of it. Figured it was used to dry grain.  While driving past it last week I noticed the cover was off and saw dark hay and realized it was Silege, something I didn't know prior to this game.    I can also identify and understand all the farm equipment that drives past my house.While the game is simple in nature there is something very therapeutic about it and fun.My only 2 complaints is the size of the equipment later on in the game when you make out well is too taxing with time to manage as a solo player, it can be hard to find the right mode that balances this so it's not too strong and takes the fun of it.My other complaint is some actions such as bailing hay, mowing grass, and hauling product does not have a autopilot feature. Doesn't sound like a big deal and it's not starting out.  But when your managing a lot of stuff all your time is invested in performing those same exact actions manually and it's no longer enjoyable because your forced to spend all your time doing it.   If they added that I have no doubt I could pick it up again and keep going.Recommend this game for sure, had a great time."
76561198069902948,Recommended,313160,12692119,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Laser-Fist,"This game is superb. If you were turned of the last one by the graphics (filthy peasant) or by the lack of physics but really wanted a good farming sim this is the game for you!Let me start by saying the graphics are great! I mean great!!! The screenshots loot pretty much like the game I think they have touched them up a bit but overall veeery similar. There are tyre tracks, tractors get dirty and have to be cleaned these dont sound like much but its the little things that make a game.The physics are actually there!! not only that but so far they are great! when compared to the last game there still pretty average. Your tractor slows down up hill gets tossed about a bit when your plowing to mimick the friction of the dirt and if you are working on a slope you will go down it. Also when loading a trailer you can affect how it is loaded by where you position it relative to the loading device.Overall a great game so far however there is one bug that annoys me the grabber things that hold onto stuff have no hitbox so you can get stuck on things if you have something attached to it and wrap yourself around a fence but other than that great so far!If you want a farming simulator to muck about in then this is the game for you. 8.5/10Wow this was longer than expected heh."
,Recommended,313160,16902178,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Essa,"For me, the sweet spot in this game is the slow build of my farm. When I first started, I used a money hack and bought all the best machines, only to get bored of the game within a week. Then I came back to it after some time had passed, found a third party map I really liked, started a new game, and decided that's where I would ""settle"". Over many in-game months, I went from a few tractors to a full-scale industrial-grade operation. And therein lies the fun for me: slowly upgrading and expanding your vehicle fleet with your hard-earned cash. Going from a dinky little 90 hp tractor to a larger, more efficient 200 hp model...Mmm, bliss.Managing the farm chores and keeping an eye on the demand for your products is all part of the fun of course, but as a kid, I always wanted a video game that lets you load trucks with loaders, forklifts and excavators. As an adult, I'm overjoyed to be doing that now. While there are no excavators in the vanilla game, nor can you dig up the ground, there are some beautifully detailed excavators available from the modding community. And ""excavating"" a pile of corn or silage and loading it into a dump truck is a fair enough compromise. (I know there are simulators on the market that allow you to excavate and haul earth, but not a single one has been half as satisfying as this game has been.)Bottom line: this is a simulator, and as such, it's not going to convert high octane gamers. It was designed for people who like the sound and feel of heavy machinery, or the repetitive and relaxing motions of harvesting a large field, or selling a large trailer's worth of goods for an enormous profit. Giants Software knows the audience they're targeting, and does a good job of delivering what that audience wants.I guess you folks like pros and cons, so here is my list:PRO-Tons of vehicles to drive.-Lots of ways to make money (if you're patient).-Dirt and grime build-up adds to immersion; washing a vehicle can be extremely satisfying.-You could ignore the farm aspect and just call this ""Logging Simulator"". Logging has a steeper learning curve than farming, but is just as fun, with a lot of third party machinery out there to augment what's available in the base game.-Very detailed cabs. I play the game almost exclusively in-cab.-Functional mirrors.-Dozens, if not hundreds of hours of enjoyment possible, if you're into laid back games.CON-With the exception of the vehicles, which look exquisite, the graphics are a bit dated.-No true digging capabilities yet (though Giants software has suggested that might be coming in future releases).-Vehicles do not have gears or shifting (there are mods for that).-Vehicles only start up or power down when you enter or exit them (there are mods for that too).I was on the fence about buying this title. I just wanted to load trucks with heavy machinery, and figured you'd have to work a lot before you'd reach that point. I was right, but what I didn't anticipate was how much I enjoyed getting to that point, and going beyond it."
76561198023055688,Recommended,313160,19896828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AngryJelly,"Biggest challenge in the game: Finding friends new to farming simulator to play this game with.""Farming simulator?♥♥♥♥ off""""Are you joking or what?I can't tell.""Seriously how tf do you explain this game to your friends without them already laughing at the title.10/10 would try to convince friends to play this game again though"
76561198042985660,Recommended,313160,12768099,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dr. Toboggan,Farm Farm Farm it up Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm it up. This game will send chills down your spine while harvesting at breakneck speeds of 6 miles an hour. It will test your sanity as to why one man needs so many different items delivered by forklift. And it will test your bowels when your tractor spins out of control carrying a huge load. This game is all i ever wanted in life and it will complete yours.
,Recommended,313160,13343881,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wadena,"Love the game, but to call it a simulator is not correct. As a former dairy farmer I can say that if it was this easy in real life, I`d still be doing it...I`m sure that if I jump in my tractor right now (Case IH 2007) and steer it into a brick wall that would be the end for it. AND ever so often it needs service, I can't just drive and drive forever on it. This ""simulator"" lacks the realism of real life farming and should therefore be called a farming/driving/arcade game!But still, Its a great GAME that I can recommend to all who is interested in farming.Updated 09.04.15:Hopefully this review update takes care of my unfortunate misspelling of the word ""tractor"". I live in Norway where our native, and first language is Norwegian, so I`m sorry if my spelling and/or grammar is a bit off when it comes to English."
76561198069724250,Recommended,313160,16821896,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,AlinM,"Wonderful, amazing game. Great way to relax and play like a farmer. 10/10"
76561197972980374,Recommended,313160,18554612,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,zooxss,"Farming Simulator 15 is actually more then just a farming simulator, it is a combination of many simulations. It involves all the chores of farming but on top of that it involves financial management, crop management, market segmentation, and for those advanced Multiplayers Forestry discipline, Soil Ph calibration, Construction Manufacturing and Mass Production venues.If you enjoy relaxing (non stress pressure type of) games, (and having an attention span of more then 5 seconds), or if you hate being on the edge of your seat, gripping for your headsets because oh there are to many demanding games out there that are just simply not creative just mind numbing..... I say if you like to( playe relaxed and chill) then your in the right place.This game is a constructive simulation with a flavor of a Sandbox, you are incharge, where you are working towards a productive goal with no pressure like ( omg I need to make this quest in5 hours) and also if willing to share it with your friends or even kids, it is family oriented and realistic.The vanilla version of the game is quite limited, however I chose to only to play lately Multiplayer which involves interactions with Human Farmers, builders, drivers with the immersion of Modifications of vehicles, tools or Maps that are 100+ fields with a complex economies, construction and manufacturing industries such as Gold Prospecting, Coal Mining, Salt Quarry, Sand digging, Cement Factories, Cheese factories, Soup, Pizza, beverages and many more which lead to producing materials that you can actually sell and or build buildings with.If you want to play a fast (street fighter or couter strike type and squirt 30 minutes a day) this is not for you, this is for the intelligent and enjoyable folks who love the aspect of simulation gaming. This is a game that takes time, strategy and understanding, it also brings in a very low pressure atmosphere which makes it super fun, and you can challange yourself, how ever you want but at your own decision.Here is my challange:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-5FmNPaUt4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC7SCIMh884"
76561197967942268,Recommended,313160,12764092,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,w00ty,"I was a hardcore FS2013 fan, for that reason I love this. New graphics of course, and cutting down trees. The best part is being able to cut down trees blocking fields and workers in the equipment. This was the biggest problem for me in FS2013, you can cut trees that tractors are hung up on. The maps are huge, plenty of room to stretch your legs. Also lots of farming fields, you'll never run out.Bugs are the only drawback, there aren't any show stoppers though. Very minor stuff. The physics work much better than FS2013, though is still buggy at times. Bumping a rock for example can (rarely) send your machine across the map. The automated workers at least attempt to fix from getting stuck at the edge of fields. Don't make them too large, also. The missions are given out at job boards. You can set the frequency (mine is set to 2min), and multiple jobs come in. FS2013 put the machines on your screen, was annoying. I keep a cheap tractor at the job board to check missions constantly.For whatever reason, a massive bonus of several hundred thousand dollars comes with the farming missions. The payout would be 10,000 ish, and the bonus could be 400,000 dollars.. what? The drawback is these missions may or may not pop up often. Once I got 3 missions at a time, other times I had to wait several days. I expect this to be fixed? who knows, it's the only true way to get money quickly.The job board is almost always pallet missions, that is, pickup a pallet and drop off to said location. Those get old very quickly.. Grass cuttng mission is painfully slow until you get both front and back mowers. There is no longer the useless riding mower, also.As with FS2013 farming, farming the largest fields with the largest/quickest equipment is the key to success. The tractors are the same, maybe a couple new here or there. But the graphics overall is such a huge improvement. You can wash your equipment for kicks, or if you are really, really bored.The starter equipment is much better as well, the very basic tractors go 42mph. No more rust bucket putt putts. They have high maint cost of course, the sooner you get rid of them the better.Overall, they thought BIGGER with FS2015 as an improvement. There is rarely flat terrain. Everywhere has hills, sometimes road going up very steep terrain. Improperly powered tractors have no chance of pulling trailers up steep hills. The way things are laid out, you are sometimes better off taking the roads. Versus FS2013, you would bee line towards your point, plummeting down the sides of hills.Other thoughts:The reset button needs some kind of timeout. It's too tempting to reset your tractors and equipment constantly. Maybe a minute or so, nothing silly.Picking up trees is hard, period. I've spent a good amount of time picking up tree trunks, sometimes it takes several minutes PER log, you need to gather hundreds of them."
,Recommended,313160,12854261,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,FDR Logging,"Journal Entry 1Upon entering my new farm I have a goal, a goal which will include everything but farming. I am a logger and I'm going to cut down trees. I first discover a wide variety of farming equipment at my disposal. Harvesters, Combines, Tractors, all beautifully built and glistening in the sunlight. I decide to sell all of them in return for cash to spend on my logging dream.Journal Entry 2After selling all my equipment, spare one green tractor, I find myself still too broke to buy the Ponnse Processor or Buffalo. I opt for a chainsaw in the hopes that I can at least get things started. Although there is no plow blade for the tractor, I simply purchase a large weight that will attach to the front as my new bumper. I now have a means to cut down trees and a vehicle that can at least push the bits around until I get richer.Journal Entry 3I start things off by testing out my new chainsaw on a random tree (assuming that it wouldn't work on all trees). I pull out my husqvarna chainsaw and rev it up with a satisfying growl. To my surprise im able to cut down any of the trees that I see in the area. I pick a large poplar tree and make a precise angle slice in the base, a few moments of teedering and boom down she goes. I now discover that I'm able to buck this tree into as many bits that I want. Seriously I can cut this thing in to 1/10000's if I feel the need. After going Texas chainsaw massacre on the tree for about 15 mins I realize that the mill is on the other side of the map, screw this tree were heading for something closer.Journal Entry 4After trekking around the vast map full of lush trees, people, houses and breathtaking scenery I find myself at a rail yard. I have 3 points to unload logs, either at the train, the station beside the train or the big watery log pond in front of the mill. Since I only have my tractor as a pushing device I decide to start with the pond. I gracefully fall down trees bucking them up for what seems like hours. I carefully use my tractor as a plow and push the chopped tree bits into the pond gaining me more and more money. Finally after a few hours of hard work I have enough to purchase my Ponsse Processor.Journal Entry 5I feel like I've earned this, The purchase feels great, it feels right and im honored to own such a beautifully crafted logging vehicle. I hop in and start it up, It sounds heavy and roars when I lay down the throttle. This is what I've been waiting for, I head back towards the mill. I am now able to grab trees directly from standing and delimb/cut them into whatever lengths I choose. A small LCD screen inside the detailed cockpit tells me my length setup. I start grabbing trees and dragging them over to the pond, While over top of the pond I cut the tree into sections and drop them into the water. Now were making real money, I repeat this process until I again have enough money for my next investment the Ponnse Buffalo.Journal Entry 6I have purchased the Buffalo which has a similar build to the Processor but instead it has a big grapple for picking up logs and a bunk for stacking the logs and bringing them back to the mill. Now that I've cut down all the trees close to the mill It will be faster to process piles of lumber in the bush and just haul back double the amount on the buffalo. I have already processed several trees into nice neat piles so I take the buffalo out. While tearing up the side of the mountain to my new cut block I am starting to notice big mud tracks forming on the road and the mud splashes all over my vehicles, now were logging!Journal Entry 7I have loaded up my buffalo using it crane arm and grapple on all my pre-cut logs. I now have to carefully sneak back down the hill and get this stuff into the bank. Unfortunately I went a little to fast on one section and clipped a stump of a previously cut tree, this sent half my logs flying out of the bunks and all over the road. I then spent the next 20 mins maneuvering around cleaning up the mess. It pays to take your time.Journal Entry 8I have now delivered my logs and understand the process of logging, Its an addictive cycle and yet very relaxing. The repetition that would seemingly bore others to death becomes my salvation for peace. I park my 3 vehicles, grab the pressure washer and start to clean all the mud off in preparation for the next day. I am a now a virtual logger and im proud of it ;)"
,Recommended,313160,12781518,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Clubby McWankfist,BIg step from 2013. Game is well done. Fun to play. Worth every penny. Grab some friends and farm to your hearts desire! If you are willing to play online with a group of people. Add me! I wil be quite wiling to join!
76561198047794005,Recommended,313160,13085938,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,dcbrune,"Originally I figured this would be boring, how much fun can farming be, seriously?  I was wrong, graphics are awesome, game play is as close to real life as you can get, and having grown up on a farm, the realism is just crazy.  This game is strangley addictive, I can stop playing.  The modding community for this game is awesome, some of the mods that are available (and more coming every day) are just mind blowing.Definitely worth the money, in fact I've even considered buying the previous version just to play it and see how things have evolved."
,Recommended,313160,12762016,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gwendoline,The game is great!I enjoyed every single minute so far and i think the game is really worth the money.Btw. logging is also awesome!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=335955761
76561198272096688,Recommended,313160,32045256,Posted: 29 May,all,Brandon,"If i could describe it in one word: Amazing! Its such a good game! And if you have mods you can do almost anything,farming,mowing,snowplowing and more! My dad used to snowplow when i was little and ive always wanted a game where you could snowplow,and if you get the mods,you can do it in fs15. And honestly,i like 15 way more than 17.The mods for 15 are way better,and i just think it looks better. I've had this game for over 2 years, ( btw i have it on dvd not steam ) ,and i bet i have over 1,000 hours on it,and in that time i've gotten to do everything you can do in this game.If you are into farming i would deffinitly get this game! 10/10 no question about it!"
76561198010353641,Recommended,313160,12770217,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Thewahoo,"9/10.I've got a farming sim problem.  It's very relaxing, but also feels like my second job.  The addition of forestry does add a new element to the game, which is very easy to amass a fortune early on in the game.  The graphic upgrade is awesome.  The interface feels new and polished.  Ofcourse, there are several bugs at this stage.  The physics could use a little tweaking and the logging station has several issues with the unloading area at the train.  The ability to cut down pesky trees that get hired workers caught up is a nice touch!PROs - Graphics, Interface, Vehicle/Implement List, Forestry, Updated Challenge System, Dirt/Tire Tracking and FUN!CONs - Physics Bugs (Forestry Mainly), Easy to Make a Fortune (good/bad?), Manual is Lacking in Description (Big Learning Curve), No Forestry Tutorial and only One New Map.Regardless, if you're reading this...BUY IT!  If you're a seasoned FS player or a newbie, this is a great addition to the library.  A Warning though: it is VERY TIME CONSUMING!"
76561198051905450,Recommended,313160,15273544,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Nick The Hick,Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10
,Recommended,313160,13330655,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hoovycraft,"Giants software mad a really nice game. You can really see they listened to the community by adding forestry and making a better map (the map looks like it has things that the community made in maps like more mountains and tight roads). Graphics are much better and so are the physics.The game has a lot of stuff to buy and play around with and if you don't want to wait until you have enough money for that there's always mods to download wich let you change your money. :) Though I don't recommend doing that cause I think it'll take away the fun of getting further in the game. Getting enough money to buy new stuff is what keeps the game fun in my opinion, cause you'll find yourself doing a lot of the same stuff over and over. You can hire workers wich I really recommend.The game has a lot of mods which you can install by dragging the zip file to your mods folder (shouldn't be hard at all).The multiplayer works pretty okay. I didn't play it much but though there can be some lagg and when someone joins the game has to sync which makes you unable to do anything for a short time, the multiplayer still can be a lot of fun and I can imagine you could have a lot of fun when you're playing on your own server with people that live nearby (better connection).Over all I recommend this game if you like simulation and farming, but if you only like games with a lot of action, then I wouldn't recommend buying this game. :)+ Graphics and physics are improved+ Map is (in my opinion) improved+ Lots of things to buy like tractors, trucks, tippers, etc.+ Lots of mods which are easy to install- Multiplayer laggs a bit for me and has to sync the game when someone joins- Gameplay can be a bit repetitive8,5/10Hope this helped :)"
76561197966460286,Recommended,313160,13432320,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Denxor,"If you like machines and tractors this is a great buy! Play with friends, it's much more fun having a farm together!Playing with an xbox-controller is recomended when logging. I would really recommend this game! There's tons of mods that just makes the game much better.When playing online, my friends can join me and our farm. But the save file for the farm is on my computer. So when i'm offline, my friends can't play on our farm. It would be better if you could save your farm as a server in the cloud. So that my friends could join even if i'm offline.Pros-Lots of machines, trailers etc  to buy.-Many mods.-The overall feeling when playing is fantastic, you are your own little farmer.-Many tractors, trailers etc that you can buy-The tractors, trailers and machines are very detailed.The Cons, that I want to be improved in the next game.-Old graphics. Half Life 2 looks better (Half Life 2 was released 2004..)-When plowing or cultivating a field, it's just a plain texture that changes. Nothing exciting really.-The graphics aren't the best. Especially the lightning.-Need friendsI wish that they could implement the mud from spintires for the next game. That would be awesome!"
,Recommended,313160,12691960,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,OliverOA,It's pretty much just a prettier version of Farming Simulator 2013.So it's the best game ever.
,Not Recommended,313160,22649924,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kosmozuikis,"It's time to plow some fieldsI love relaxing games, sometimes you want just sit and relax and this game can be really fun and relaxing, but it suffers from a few problems.First i want to say that i don‘t dislike this game, but on steam you choose either positive or negative review. I would rate this game a strong 6, so giving it a negative rating doesn‘t mean the game is bad, it‘s just lacks many things. Mainly i‘m giving a negative review for lack of effort from developers while making this game.The gameplay is the same as in previous game. Except this time there‘s a forestry. Well, i thought so, but you just cut down trees growing on the side of the road and throw them into a pond to receive money. It would be nice to have real forests. The tree cutting physics could be better and more accurate. Sometimes it‘s too difficult to do everything from cutting the tree to throwing it into the pond. Physics are just off a bit. Talking about physics, this game doesn‘t shine in physics department. The tractor handling is very arcadey, the whole game is very arcadey. I want handling and physics to be something like Professional farmer. That game does some things better than Farming simulator, but sadly it‘s too buggy to play and developers abandoned the game and moved on to the next one. Another thing Pro farmer has done better is seasons. In this day and age it would be nice to have such simple feature. Considering the sale numbers this game has, developers should have more than enough money to make this game better.This game fails at career...again. Career is simply a sandbox mode without any goals. You‘re the only farmer in the village and companies compete with each other who will pay you the most. It‘s just stupid. The map feels very empty. You don‘t have any control over your company, no management, nothing. You can hire a worker, but he appears when you hire him and disappears when you let him go. Your workers doesn‘t walk around doing things, it‘s like they‘re not existent. At least it's good the game has achievements so they will keep you occupied for some time.Graphics are slightly better than in 2013. The tractors and equipment now gets dirty after some time. Also they look pretty good. But that‘s it. The environments are terrible. Trees are ugly, they don‘t move, leaves are static, grass is low quality too. The worst is the sky. It‘s so bad it‘s ridiculous. People the game is made in 2014! The whole sky is one and the same flat sky texture which changes color depending on the time of day. There's no real lighting, the clouds are static flat textures and they don‘t move, sun is at the same spot all day, but shadows on the ground are still moving. It‘s really horrible and is unacceptable in this day.Plowing, seeding, harvesting is still fun. It‘s repetitive but relaxing, if you had goals in the game it would be much more fun. After hours of doing the same actions it gets boring.I would recommend this game if you don‘t own the previous one. You‘ll have some fun, but if own FS2013, this game doesn‘t offer anything new or different, it simply lacks improvements.I have hope that Cattle&Crops will be a good farming game and it will bring some competition.Pros:Gameplay is kinda fun and relaxingTractors/equipment models look niceCons:Outdated graphicsForestry lacks depthNo career modeNo managementNo AINo physicsToo arcadey"
,Recommended,313160,13650575,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Thunder,"Great game, over the years through the different versions it's got better and better.Can't decide if you should buy it? Buy it."
76561198060160609,Recommended,313160,25300688,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ArcticSalad,It's more exciting than No Man's Sky.
76561198039619310,Recommended,313160,32825323,Posted: 26 June,all,Waldemortti,"Fun game to play every now and then, much better than the older versions of the series, they have definitely improved a lot from FS 2013 but I'd say 2015 and 2017 aren't that different so you're probably better off getting 2015 if you're just getting into the series.From my experience the game gets pretty tedious and boring if you play too long in one sitting but it's fun to play an hour or two every now and then, it depends a lot on what kind of gamer you are obviously.I'm writing this review during the summer sale and I can definitely say that the game is definitely worth getting for 6 bucks."
76561198020538761,Recommended,313160,17895446,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Archaeopteryx,It's a life sucker. Get MODS! Now!20/10
,Recommended,313160,12827108,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bracinjo,Your back will hurt like you've been plowing for real and your friends (if you still have any after you buy this) will wonder what kind of drugs you're using. 10/10
,Recommended,313160,23604795,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Xazyre,"To be honest I haven't written many reviews lately, but thats mostly because i havent found a game I really wanted to promote. Farming Simulator 2015 is much more than meets the eye and will provide you hours upon hours of enjoyable gameplayThe best features about this game for me was the atmosphere and the machinary. The day/night system, the weather, and the environment captured me immediately. On one side of a map theres a lighthouse and every time i was working the fields at night Id a the powerful light circleing around. Id also enjoy something as small as a plane flying over the farm just because it made the game feel real.On the other hand the variety of machines are amazing to use as they were completely new to me and since their sounds were so real. As you progress through the game you also get to purchaase numerous machines all of which have their own speacial use.The only downside I have about this game was the Multiplayer and how difficult it is to join with a friend. I tried to join and host but me nor my friend could get on each others servers. This was definitely one of the features I couldnt wait to use so I was highly dissapointed.Overall a fantastic game that is definitely worth the money even without the sale. In Farming Simulator '15 there is so much to do and so many ways to play that it will keep you at your computer for hours on end."
,Recommended,313160,12714643,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,D3dsec,"Bought this game Yesterday , well what can i say ?  The Best Game i have ever bought , it is the definition of value for money ! The Graphics are HQ and they have improved so much more to do with the little things such as a updated and easier to use shopping system and new vehicles . The New Engine is Superb creating tracks for your vehicle in the mud and dust effects as well as your machinery getting dirty meaning you have to clean it , the Forestry is just the iceing on the cake I LOVE IT !  So if you have the choice to  buy this game  , DO IT  you will never regret it !"
76561198017246905,Not Recommended,313160,20482411,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,aK,"The game is carried by mods.Pros- Runs good, never crashed and i've never had a problem with the game running on full settings.- Has potential that is not there right now.- Relaxing go at your own pace.- Lots of mods out there to make the game the way it should be.- Driving the tractors trailers and machines is fun :)- Lots of replay value WITH mods.Cons- No damage.- No tyre wear.- Not enough crops.- Not enough objectives .- Poor AI managment or multi tasking tools ( there is non ) you need courseplay and a whole bunch of other mods to get things going smoothly.- Animal husbandry is tragic , unrealistic and flat, no depth.- No watering of crops, animals don't need water all water related needs for running a farm is not present.- Hard mode to easy.- Mods are needed.- Maps are baron, no NPC's, all other fields that you do not own remain brown and desolate, untouched for 100's of hours before you may have enough to purchase them. They sit there and look ugly doing nothing.- Maps are lifeless, best part is waiting for sunrise and sunset to get some eye candy.- Poor economy .- You are able to drive over crops without damaging them.- Balance of manure, fertiliser, slurry out of whack. There is no balance or bonus to the 3 methods.- Missions are bland, only 3. Repetitive.- No failing, Crops don't fail, nothing can go wrong you also have the ability to turn off withering and trafic.- Taking out a 200,000 dollar loan does not cripple you. It's about 700 per day in repayment for how ever long you want.- You don't need to eat or drink.- Tractors never need a service instead you pay a daily upkeep fee on all your machines.- No penalty to keeping your tractors and machines out of the sheds.- No decent weather, no storms, no winds, no snow.- No replay value without MODS- Only 2 maps.- The game is not a simulator, it's far from being a simulator. It's more a ""Tractor"" Simulator. Not ""farm""All the cons can be fixed by mods, but your money does not go to the modders, it goes to the lazy devs. So thumbs down."
76561198153776813,Recommended,313160,13311483,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Big_Bear_864,10/10Alot more jobs to choose from like logging and missionsMore machinery to choose fromLot better physicsThis is just the best Farming Simulator yet
76561198103201731,Recommended,313160,22804599,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ryan0738,"Awesome game all around. When you first start playing you'll want more and more, it's the kinda game you'll be up all night playing.  Graphics and detail to models is amazing. You can see eveything working from steering components to driveshafts.  This game is a great choice for anyone that likes farming or simulations in general. At first its kind of a grind to build up your first amount of money but after youre about to get better equipment the money starts rolling in."
76561197989239607,Recommended,313160,17829447,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,devideogolfer,"After play the action shooters I find this game to be what relaxes me and brings down the adrenalen rush. It is stragetic but slow paced and looks awesome. So after the fast paced high action games, calm down and relax with Farming Simulator 15"
,Recommended,313160,24965992,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Firehawk3886,"Super Fun, Super Relaxing, Lots of mods to mess around with. Overall a very fun game."
76561198082579682,Recommended,313160,28596998,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,deborah_kaminski,"I have played this game daily for months and have gotten my money's worth many times over. It had a steep learning curve, and I needed lots of help from the internet to figure things out, but it was worth it. The countryside is beautifully rendered and relaxing to drive around in. Juggling the various tasks: planting, harvesting, taking care of animals, forestry, is fun and addicting. Now when I travel in the real world, I can identify various farm equipment and state of growth of fields. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,313160,13683813,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ir0nhide,Too good to put down! I loved fs 2013 and this one is even better. The multiplayer is great and super fun with friends.
,Recommended,313160,12739115,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Buford,"If you really love simulations and love farming then look no futher FS15 has arived after playing every title from Giants I have to say this is the best....We have come a long way from FS08 and the graphics and detail and optimizations for all pcs has been outstanding...You can even run on a Intel HD3000. I myself run this game maxed out on a IntelHD4000 with a I7 processor and 8gb of RAM...but all in all it's a really great game Giants finally listened to thier fans with updated graphics, addition of forestry(which has been requested for 2 game titles now), washing of vehicles(most wanted feature),animated crops on equipment, more missions to complete to keep the avarage player busy with transport, grain hauls, and mowing...Looks like they went the extra mile and spent most of thier funding buying the needed rights to add new equimpent and I respect them for that....And the fact they left the mod converting 100% easy even for the newb of a player I give a A++ for the title..."
,Recommended,313160,12703047,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CameronAndrews,"Recommend, If you like potato planting."
76561198280908050,Recommended,313160,22702647,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,assassingaming96,"Best game i've ever played,I have a total of 533 hrs on record and hae it on xbox 360 to I hope there is a 2016 farming simulator best series and best one so far keep up the good work"
76561198012017193,Recommended,313160,13904752,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zwajo,"Wonderful game, great way to relax and just play for a bit.  We honestly need more games that don't require a shot of expresso and no blinking to play.  The game itself is beautiful and the sounds and motions really do communicate the feel of being in those giant farming machines.  That said this is probably not a game for everyone, even with the business part of it to manage, you more or less must decide if driving a combine up and down a field for 30 minutes is fun."
,Recommended,313160,20203883,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zergkäsepony,"i bought this game to screw around  with silly vehicle physics for two hours and then refund it. I was convinced that anyone who likes this game is either stupid, boring, or both.Never in my life have i been so mistaken.I didn't want to like this game, but the quality of it is undeniable.I fell down the rabbit hole of  a deep and challenging agricultural simulation and  stayed for building up a growing farming business (pun intended)This game is well made. really well made.What makes this game great isn't just the farming stuff for autists who like to dig for potatos.there are criteria that define what makes a game a good game. these criteria apply to any game of  any genre.criteria like functional multiplayer, scalable challenges,  a responsive game world, deep and believable simulation, long time motivationsand this game aces most of them.you need to know your equipment, because you need the right machine for the right crop.you will need to  optimize your efficiency to stay afloat against increasing running costs. i love this part. many games that pretend to be an economic simulation turn into a virtual money creation machine real quick and lose all challenge.  but here, your tools and vehicles cost money every day whether you use them or not.you will need to exploit the market because prices fluctuate."
76561198050433002,Recommended,313160,22124332,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,rcjenn40,"Why play Farming Simulator 15?I'm sure a lot of us who do play get asked that, or are recieved with blank expressions when we say we play this to our gamer friends.There are many answers, it's a relaxing, casual, no pressure, excellent sim experience. I hate to even call it a game.Sure, it can be gamed, by either trying to get the best equipment, become a millionaire, buy all the land in the village, have the best multi-player co-op, ect. None of which I have any interest in whatsoever. So why play?For me, it's one of the most relaxing offerings on Steam. A lot of times, after a hard day at work, or the morning of a day off, I just want to grab a cup of coffee, and relax. This game is perfect for that.As a chid I also spent my summers on my grandfather's farms, and to me that was truly the best times of my life. After they died the farmsteads were broken up among their children. Broken up to the point that they were no longer feasible farms.So in a way playing this is like going back to that moment in time where everything, in my eyes, was perfect Americana.Why do I play? Because, to me, this isn't really a ""game"" per se. It's a true life sim for those of us who remember or enjoy just firing up, grabbing a cup of coffee and relax with, even if it's just mowing that empty lot or watch the sun set or rise over a field of waving corn or wheat, the sound of roosters or the gentle heavy breathing of cattle chewing their cud.If anything, it saddens me when people CAN'T understand the draw and attraction of this ""game""."
,Recommended,313160,23531741,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jiMBO,"One of those games that you think would be boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but turns out to blow your mind when you spend 8 straight hours farming a ♥♥♥♥ing wheat field. Really, really satisfying, and a great game to play while doing homework/another game that requires your attention (I play while playing Runescape). Controls for some of the logging machines are ♥♥♥♥ing cancer, but I guess it's supposed to be ""realistic"". Definitely worth getting if you love satisfying games where you progress to one upgrade to the next over extended periods of times, but be warned- if you are buying this to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with your friends and do not intend to take it seriously, you will not enjoy this game for more than a few hours. If on sale- its a must buy.Overall:Pros:-Addicting, satisfying gameplay that will last you for literal hours on end-Beautiful map-RelaxingCons:-Addicting, satisfying gameplay that will last you for literal hours on end-Not fun unless you actually want to take it seriouslyVerdict:8/10. Worth buying, and a must buy on sale."
76561197984177998,Not Recommended,313160,12700604,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Loona35,"The 2015 version adds better graphics, couple new vehicles and the woodcutter add-on. Thats it. Nothing more, nothing less. The graphics really are much better. Both in quality as in detail (for example: tracks in the mud and tractors getting dirty). I would have liked it if they added more tycoon/business simulation features, a deeper career mode or more freedom in placing objects. Then it would have felt like a new game, now it feels more like a polished version of 2013/2014.Knowing that they sold over 2 million copies, i think they could have done more. Overall 7/10. I wouldn't really recommend buying the game if you already own a version of Farming Simulator. It feels too much of a cash cow. However, it is still a good game and by far the best Farming Simulator available. But i expect many will respond negative, because they expected more (and they well should, knowing that the game sold over 2 million times...).To sum things up:Pro's:- FS series are by far the best farming simulator games available- much better graphics then previous games, but don't expect AAA quality (but then again, you don't pay an AAA game price ;-))- new woodcutter add-on (which works very well and is a fun add-on)- some new vehiclesCon's:- gameplay and/or features havn't changed much compared to 2013 or 2014 version\for example:* not more maps then 2014 version* no business/tycoon features added* career mode is still very shallow* different interface, but still a bit clunky as it were in 2013Note: i havn't tested online mode for this review."
76561198166309388,Recommended,313160,19208149,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sarge68,"For anyone who enjoys a simulator that gives you a variety of tasks with a payback this game is excellent. If you get the DLCs and some MODS you can pretty much work your farm either exactly like you want, or exactly like a specific level of farmer in the real world.One huge benefit is that when you have accumulated a lot of money you can actually farm with the huge automated equipment that modern big farmers are using today.  Or if you prefer you can find the equipment your father or in some cases grandfather might have had to farm with and see how they got along.Either way the possibility is there. What else could one ask from a computerized environment?"
,Recommended,313160,23483433,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Southern Gopnik,This is one of my favortie games because you have your own farm and when i play it i remember my dad's farm and how much fun i had there when i was young. Ah... Good old days... I recommend this game to everyone who is patient.
,Recommended,313160,13542117,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Water,"Truly relaxing, educational, boring and fun at the same time! I just wish I can apply all the strategies in the real world... hahahahahahahaha"
,Recommended,313160,13621209,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CroGamer10,Pros:+only farming simulator worth buying;+adition of forestry;+7 types of corps;+lots of vehicles.Cons:-poor vehicle grip (feels like driving on ice sometimes);-you will get bored by sound of vehicles;-few updates with bug repairs;-game gets boring after a while.Final word: I would recommend this game only if you like farming or forestry and if you do not mind poor physics. Music you like is recomended becaose you will want to mute the game after hour of driving.
,Recommended,313160,12782954,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Odd [Norway Truck Service],I can recommend  Farm Simulator 15 to all of you  :-)Very good graphics  :-)Forestry :-)Better machinery :-)More realistic :-)Better scenery  :-)
76561198143037139,Recommended,313160,23556313,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rbeachbd,"I bought this farmihg simulator game to continue the saga of farming simulator gaming and they each one is better than llast.I would highly recomend this game to all who like farming, the lumber cutting,and the hard work to keep up the bio energy plant."
76561198018528489,Recommended,313160,12870830,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Bunt,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,313160,12784567,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Garderoben™,"Well, if you played the old games your gonna love this. if you havent. Do you like farming, Forestry ? or just machinery?Get this game! i can play it for houers and then when you getting borred(if you do lol) just get some awsome mods!"
,Recommended,313160,12799332,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Davv,"Game is much upgraded according to LS13, and the patch before release say that the game, even bugged, will be polished by GIANTS and not ever left alone. I think they'll fix most of the bugs after release of the console version, I think they're now focused on it. Making easier modding is big + for GIANTS, it will allow other players to make ever more and even better things for LS15.New graphics engine, with polished psyhics is what we all needed. The game also plays smoothier on most of PCs. All say there are some problems with starting(like black-white bug etc.), but it's not GIANTS problem, it's your problem, players! I had same on my old(8+ yr) laptop, but I went to Farming Simulator page, there's a nice FAQ with solution for most of the problems. They said to upgrade graphics card drivers, and I did it, and it worked! The game on this laptop plays smoothier than LS13, even on medium 1220x900.Thank you developers!"
,Recommended,313160,13204193,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ledger,fulfills my sexual desires to become one with the tractor69/10 would fetish again
,Recommended,313160,22781734,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Neusor,The only good simulator that came from *Switzerland 10/10
,Recommended,313160,17576938,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Frank Castle,"I didnt want to like it, I cant quit it."
76561198282071601,Recommended,313160,23700497,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,CaileanNZ,Awesome game. Highly recommend this game if you like farming or just a fun game to play anyway. Love it and cant wait for FS17 to come out at the end of the year.
76561198174087717,Recommended,313160,22919909,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,James the Psycologist,The game is awesome especially with mods.
,Recommended,313160,12781078,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Honey Bunches,11/10 Would Farm again.
76561198006973830,Recommended,313160,24892222,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,lorenz,"Lot's of gameplay options, learn the game on the default maps and then extend your game with tons of nice and good mods (maps, equipment,....). Woodcutting is a nice new feature in this version of the game. Works well.You might want to wait a while because edition 2017 is coming, so you can buy that one, or this one with a reduction..."
76561198077758350,Recommended,313160,12888492,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Syphervos,"Definitely one of the most enjoyable simulators I've ever played. With great graphics, very detailed vehicles and good game mechanics. I can recommend this game to anyone, whether you like simulator games or not..... ENJOY"
,Recommended,313160,19608477,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Proko,"Copenhagen? Check.Cold Beer? CheckRelease your inner redneck.Great Game. Decent graphics, MUCH modability, great change of pace game.TONS OF CONTENTAlways something to be done and selling your harvests is surprisingly satisfying.GREAT Bang for Buck8.5/10 would buy again."
76561197993643809,Recommended,313160,22901744,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cardboard Decoy,"Absolutely Fantastic. Hard to describe what got me really, but basically if you have fond memories of mowing your lawn as systematically as possible and like watching dollar countwers tick up every so progressively then I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,313160,12767049,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Pierre-Luc,"FS2013 was great and it was even better with mods. This one is amazing out of the box. Many mods you had to have in FS2013 come as standard features of FS15.The addition of forestry equipment is great. It's a fun thing to do (if you're a bit patient) while your workers are busy on your farm.If you want a game that can be rewarding yet very relaxing and if you love machinery in general, this is the game for you. No stress, just fun."
,Recommended,313160,13002202,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rhino,Tractor did a triple backflip 11/10
,Recommended,313160,31191349,Posted: 16 April,all,Brick,I Don't have much time on this game as most people do but I have played alot on the console version. For a take on an agricultural theme I would say they did very well it goes fairly in depth to the aspects of farming but there is also a modding side to this game and it can go from people who take farming very seriously to people who don't care and make outrageous mods but it depends on your mood for that day. Overall I would say this game is definetly worth buying
76561198086059276,Recommended,313160,13267907,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheMrAleg22,"This the the ultimate sequel to Farming Sim 2K13. This game has soo much more than the last game and they have fixed many of the bugs in 2013. However the bad things about this game is gravity for cars and tractors is like zilch, even with weights. The second problem i have with it, is the AI is still absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like the last game, no sense of awareness... Oh well. Anyway, very good game, heaps of fun, great with friends cause u can blitzkrieg a field with ur combine harvesters in like 30 seconds even if its ♥♥♥♥in huge! 8/10"
76561197970340815,Recommended,313160,19483860,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,sreagan1972,"This game is a lot of fun to play. You start out broke and you have just a few small pieces of farm equipment to start with. You learn of to plow and sow a field. You then move on to harvesting the crop and finally selling it. The Hire feature is very nice once you progress in the game and have many fields growing and being harvested. It then becomes a time management issue to make sure you are plowing, sowing and harvesting in succession. If you get too many things going at once you'll end up with dead fields that are worthless. You then have to replant them and start over. The game is a huge time sink. You'll eventually be tempted to harvest trees. It can be very lucrative. Watch out though, it can ruin the game IMHO."
76561198007705211,Recommended,313160,12704268,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Titan357,"Total improvement over farming sim 2103. Lots of neat features, looks better and plays better."
,Not Recommended,313160,19591820,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Arahor,"Fun game overall, was fun to play but it has some major flaws that kinda ruin the ""feeling of progression"".My main problem with the game is that, AS SOON you start invest your money on forest industry you have beaten the game. Upgrade to the very best in forest industry and you basicially never have to do anything else, you are set-for-life with money if you are effective enough doing it. Usually what that means is that you chop down the very big trees, pull/lift them to the sawmill, get rewarded big.Another problem is that you will figure out that Canola is the most profitable (when it's a wanted product). You can just grow Canola on all your fields, get a trailer and just stock up on it untill the businesses want more money for it, then you can also cash out big.In FS13 the hint was to just mow grass with lawnmowers, 11k per mission which could trigger realisticly frequent. In this game that is not the case, that i approve. But instead you can just pump forest industry and then you eliminate most of the entire game's purpose due to just chop down trees.In the end me and my friend who played it for 50-60 hours or so figured that you dont have to do anything in the game with farming. Sell your stuff, go strong in forest industry since it will be 100x times more rewarding then ploughing a field, cultivating a field, seeding a field, fertilizing a field > wait > harvest.It's a huge shame, economy should be a key in this game, and for me it felt completely unaccurate and non realistic.I would recommend this game for others, if the economy in this game would be balanced. Since that would then be a cycle like this:Work hard > put back into your work and time > get rewarded > open up more fields, buy cattle > expand and start from point one > get more rewarded.Now it's like thisSell tractors, buy forest industry vehicles (for starters, a chainsaw and something heavy to push the trees are enough) > get rewarded faster then cycle one > upgrade to best forest industry vechicles > have plently of cash left > ask yourself ""Why would i spend it on farming industry since it's no point doing it now when i got so much money?"" > You beaten the game.I had a good time in this game, but frankly - it's too easy and unbalanced. Hopefully it will become better in the future with FS16-FS17 or so.And yes, me and my friend played it on Hard. Was a piece of a cake."
76561198045348196,Recommended,313160,25556582,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"I don't know why, but I really do enjoy this game. Im one of those guys who likes sim games, I hace ETS 2 as well as ATS.  Some thing about making money,working hard to purchase new equipment, planting sweet crops and eventually just becoming a millionaire. Theres so much in this game to do. Ive stuck to crops mainly, havent got to forestry and livestock or anything yet. Only thing I don't really like is hired help, how they can miss portions of your fields if your field isnt exactly square ill say.  So im kinda in the process of figuring out where to start on each field so I dont have to keep an eye on them and just do my own thing. I can't believe ive spent 50hours on this game already. I played about 40 hours of it and figured out I dont like the way I pursued certain equipment without really looking over the details of the equipment and what kind of power you need to run things. So im like, forget it, now I know more about the game.....after 40 hours of playing it. So I completely started my game over and its still been very enjoyable redoing a lot of what I already did. I really like this game and highly recommend this game to people who like sim games, like relaxing/kicking back and are willing to basically put a LOT of time into this game. Overall, great purchase, im sure FS 17 will be more awesome."
,Recommended,313160,27248627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🅰cheron,Nice
76561198172449267,Recommended,313160,20079545,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GenocidalFish,"As you can see, I've played this game a lot, like a lot.  I rarely do this with games for the sole reason that I get bored.  Farming Simulator 2015 has yet to bore me, it has dull moments, but when I get through those moments, the game is interesting again.Pros-Forestry-Many things to accomplish-Great graphics on certain maps and vehicles (at high)-Many MODs and Maps (not as many as FS13)-Variety of vehicles-Various routes to make money, most of them different-Sounds-Dirt build up on vehiclesCons-Limited content in DLCs-Lack of vanilla vehicles-Modding community-Graphics in vanilla game-AI is terribleThings to add to imprive the overall game:-Seasons-Digging and terraforming-Better DLCs-More crop typesNow don't get me wrong when I mention the CONs, and things to add.  No game is perfect, none.  I like this game for the laid-back no sense of responsibility that is difficult to get in other games.10/10"
,Recommended,313160,13926657,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hello,The last Farming Simulator I had was Farming Simulator 13. Without a doubt in my mind this game is a big step up.Logging is freaking awesome. I went into the buy menu (P) and saw that you could buy chainsaws but I didn't know that with these chainsaws you could chop down trees haha.Also with the addition of cars and a few other new things to me I would say that buying this game was well worth it! I can't wait to put it all to use.
,Recommended,313160,17577685,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Cmdo.Delta,"Very nice game. I like that they added forestry. It adds something fun to do while waiting for crops to grow. Also, physics have been modified and are much more better than FS2013. I like the fact my tractor is rushing while I'm driving up a hill with a full trailer of wheat. Much more interesting than in FS2013 where you could go everywhere at top speed no matter what the tractor was pulling. The game needs alot improvement to be considered a real powerful simulator but Giant made a real step forward. We can feel their motivation to truely improve the game and not just release a new cash ""grabber"".Add to this there is alot of FREE mods to customize the game. Very useful considering some vehicles in game are not always very smartly designed. For example, you can't load the wood trailer with a frond loader cuz trailler is too high. That's just dumb. You can only do it with telehandler. And you can only grab one trunck at time. So it takes incredible amount of time to load the trailer with wood. But some mods were designed to fix that issue and help players being more efficient. So well. I guess there is a mod to fix almost all those annoying ""bugs"".So overall, a game I recommend if you enjoyed FS2013 or just enjoy farming sim. This is the best farming sim I played so far. Just waiting for DLCS to get onsale to get them all! :P Happy farming folks!"
76561198189494273,Recommended,313160,18480362,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Old_Hickory_86,"A great game to play! The UI is very intuitive, the gameplay is fun, and it's a great way to lose yourself in a game. While not flashy or overly produced like many modern games, FS15 provides a charm all of its own. Perfect for the sim junkie at heart, someone who enjoyed machinery, or a kid who just enjoys farming. A MUST play."
76561198031272675,Recommended,313160,23561145,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,padidiver100,"Great game and very relaxing driving around you farm looking after the cows and sheep collecing the wool and milk and selling them on to make  profit and the crops you grow,i give this game a 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,313160,13770646,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Suicide_Ninja[DK],"I've played farming simulator since FS2011 and I really have enjoyed playing both 2011 and 2013, now it's FS2015 and a lot of things has been improved. Graphics has been improved, physics has been improved so there are difference in how much load different tractors can pull. also when going uphill the speed the tractor can is slower, logging / forestry is now a part of the game and a lot of fun at least after the latest patch..Pros:Good handlingNice graphicsMany MachinesImproved physicsMultiplayer + Dedicated serverHuge modding communityCons:There are still some minor bugs awaiting to be patchedChanging the ""time compression"" while sowing causes the fields to grow ""uneven"".No possiblility to changes keymapping while playing it can be frustrating to exit to main menu, and load the savegame over and over till you are happy with your bindings..Some of the great machines from FS2013 has not made it to FS2015 (Maybe saved for upcomming DLC's ?)Chance of being teased teased by your friends / collegues for playing it :)I don't really have any concerns which affects why one not should buy the game, just minor issues that can seem frustrating at times..Buy the game but be aware that it's very addicting and you can easily spent 100 hours plus on playing this game ;)"
76561198088183966,Recommended,313160,21021973,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PissMyAss,looking forward to purchase a farm land myself someday
76561198133503615,Recommended,313160,22922166,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HellDogGamingHD,I am looking for some help on my farm and logging. I have plenty of mods but I really need some help. Please comment on here or add me as a friend and message me!
76561198071432602,Recommended,313160,13306602,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Rebeldev,With the release of the 1.2 patch this game is now awesome again.
,Recommended,313160,23514018,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tristen the shadow dragon,"When I’m up at seven, the sunrise gives me a glimpse of heavenI get right to work, a farmer’s life can be a little berserk yeahThis is how I roll, I feed the cattle till their stomachs are fullTreat em right, that’s my belief,What’s for dinner? I say beef!Gotta Feed EverybodyGotta Feed EverybodyGotta Feed Everybody(Uh-Huh) I work out (side!)When I step to the bunk (yeah)This is what I see (Uh-huh)All the hungry cattle are staring at meI got passion for my plants and I ain’t afraid to show it show it show it show itI’m farming and I grow itWhen I’m in my tractor, I got more power than an arc reactorAnd when I’m in the field, I try to raise crops to maximum yieldThis is how I roll, without me the world would be outta controlThe hours I work, there is no equalGotta feed the mouths of hungry peopleGotta Feed EverybodyGotta Feed EverybodyGotta Feed Everybody(Uh-Huh) I work out (side!)When I step to the bunk (yeah)This is what I see (Uh-huh)All the hungry cattle are staring at meI got passion for my plants and I ain’t afraid to show it show it show it show itI’m farming and I grow itWater, water, water, water, water, yeahWater, water, water, water, water, yeahWater, water, water, water, water, yeahWater, water, water, water, yeah, yeahCattle need water man,Crops need water man,We all need water man!I’m Farming and I Grow it!"
76561197979226191,Recommended,313160,12694827,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mereman,"I like FS15. On first play it seems to be smoother then FS13. The menus are brighter and easy to use. I'm playing on a high end PC with all settings set to max.Plenty of nice touches such as machines getting dirty. The hired hand seems to me bettter I cut some Wheat and all the field cleared. As other have said the physics are far better, but to be honest they couldn't be worse then FS13.Now over to the modders  to improve this even more.Score 9/10"
,Recommended,313160,12764023,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Spike,"For a game where the objective is to keep expanding your farm, I am amazed I haven't got bored of it yet.  Its great as a sit down and relax kind of game and the satisfaction you feel when you harvest your crops is great.  Don't be fooled however there can be a lot of doing nothing so if you're looking for a real thriller don't buy this game."
,Recommended,313160,18689357,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kereke12,After giving it some time and more Gameplay. I still stand on what I said before on the game not being realistic. What  I mean by it not being realistic. I mean you can touch every button on your machine.  But the game is a peaceful quiet game where you can actually be a farmer. Which is nice. The game runs great but with a few lags but that's because my Notebook doesn't have top-end graphics...The game lets you do what ever you want in farming with no goals...So my point here is that I recommend this game to anyone who wants to be a farmer but doesn't want to get there hands dirty! 100% love it!!!
,Recommended,313160,12994431,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,☭Nostromo☭,This is the best sim game of this year 2014-2015.
76561198131334721,Recommended,313160,24390380,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,geoffreyxbox360,i need work on my farm
,Recommended,313160,20998529,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,alsie,"Here on my farm, just bought this new Lamborghini Mach 230 VRT here. It’s fun to drive up here in the Sosnovka marshes. But you know what I like more than tractors? Cows. In fact, I’m a lot more proud of these 50 new hay bales that I had to get an Ursus T-127 to hold until I mix them with the silage and straw. It’s like the billionaire Warren Buffett says, “the more you sow, the more you grow.”Now maybe you’ve seen my tedder talk where I talk about how I dry and windrow 17 cubic miles of grass every day. You know, I dry and windrow 17 cubic miles of grass every day not to show off, again it's about the cows. In fact, the real reason I keep this Lamborghini Mach 230 VRT here is that it’s a reminder. A reminder that dreams are still possible, because it wasn’t that long ago that I was in a little farmstead across the map driving a tiny little Sampo Rosenlew Comia C6 with only 185 horsepower. I didn't even have any chickens. I had no opportunities."
76561198079410708,Recommended,313160,20806353,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ford7000Man,Awesome game! Depends on what you like. If your into Farming and want a outstanding simulator then check this game out! Really pleased and amazed by the work.Ford7000Man 28/1/16
,Recommended,313160,25333783,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CIH Farms,"The best farming simulator game I've ever played. The graphics and game engine are great and it doesn't matter if you run the game in high, medium, or low settings. It still looks awesome. Young or old, I recommend this game for everyone"
,Recommended,313160,21507787,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wenche,"Graphics: 10/10Physics: 8/10Content: 10/10Comunity: 11/10Multiplayer: 9/10All in all: 10/10If you have some interest at all in farming, this game is for you."
76561198042913113,Recommended,313160,12707634,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,caidicus,"I was drunk when I bought it (15 minutes ago) and it seemed like a good idea.It's not my kind of game, and a total waste of $30.That said, if I enjoyed virtual farming, I bet this game would be the bees knees.10/10"
,Recommended,313160,12737717,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,eemnz,"Should I Buy This Game?I didn't play Farming Simulator 2013, so I can't compare...For the price there is a lot of game time so for value for MONEY this is one of the better buys.  I have come across a couple of bugs but for a new release this game is polished and a lot of fun.I am sure others have listed all the Pros and Cons.Having played this game the main question is...Would I Buy This Game Again Now Having Played It?The answer is ""YESThe fact this game is highly moddable and there are plenty of MODS already under way! This will be plenty of game play for a long time to come!Buy it you won't regret it, - unless you can only think of war and destruction then you need to get a game that will keep you amused for 7-8hrs"
76561198135999681,Recommended,313160,12915222,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,andymoore55chevy,I have played this new farm simulator 15 for a little while and I love it. I dont know if the creators will read this or not but if they are idk if they also made car mechanic simulator 2014 or not but I think they should check that game out beacuse I would like to see a feature in the farm simulator game that instead of the game automatically does your maintanence for your vehicles and equipment etc... that you should have a repair barn that will fit everything you have to fix and have you do it yourself its just a thought but if your reading this I hope you consider it. otherwise keep up the good work the farm simulator game just keeps getting better with every update and every new release.
76561198161427771,Recommended,313160,33586107,Posted: 16 July,all,Eyvindd,Nice game. Enjoy planting.
,Recommended,313160,12910470,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Flying Dutchman,This game is absolutely amazing! I could not agree more with the detail and machinery equipment that they've added to the game.
76561198047866376,Recommended,313160,16292715,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,briman44,"This has been a very pleasant surprize. I had already spent a lot of time learning the 2013 version. So jumping into this was both easy and refreshing. They have improved just about everything in the game, from the way improved graphics, to the way easier to use interface makes this a much more relaxed and easy to use experence. If you just wana sit back do alot of mundane stuff, be well rewarded, and learn basic farming, on your time and pace. Then this is a great place to start. This is not COD, the most action you will see is rain. Wana play fast and hard, Look somewhere else. This is a great ZEN type game you can both learn from and just enjoy. This little company has out done itself and this is a very good game/sim."
76561198091425992,Recommended,313160,12789991,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mr troller,awesome graphic and it seems so real too
,Recommended,313160,12785158,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Adom,My life is complete.
,Recommended,313160,24367229,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dodger,fun game but nothing like farming in real life. it need more interactions like breakdowns and better terrain. also the traffic sucks
,Recommended,313160,21373995,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Belmag,"Seems silly, I know...But I've played the crap out of this thing since I got it.  This ain't Farmville.  For some reason, I can't stop playing and contemplating my next upgrade.  Bigger tipper trailer?  Stronger tractor?  Hay baler?  Best part of the game is the vibrant mod community around it...there's a lot of people able to put amazing amounts of time into creating new vehicles, gorgeous maps and helpful mods.  Base game too easy?  There's a mod that goes into full soil pH, moisture, nutrients and other factors.  Put on your overalls and get dirty."
76561198171239995,Recommended,313160,21609215,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GhostTigress,"Ok, so it's a farming game.  Big deal.  And then you try it - and I mean give it an honest shot of more than maybe a couple hours.  Next thing you realize is it isn't so much the graphics, which are decent in my opinion, or the equipment, or even the mods.  It becomes a thinking game - how to maximize your harvests, field and equipement management, cash flow, and more importantly - time management.   I find the need to sit back and prioritize what I am doing, and what purchases to make next take more of my concentration than actually working the fields.   Once I have a farm/map in a self sufficient state, usually by owning all of the property and sufficient equipment resources to manage it plus a substantial bank account, I typically call the game ""won"" and move on to the next map/challenge.If you are finding the basic challenge of the game too easy, set a personal challenge such as only using a specific brand, or limiting yourself to a certain size of tractor.  The possibilities here are endless and can breathe new life into a new game.I have to give all the map and modder community the credit they are due.  Having tried my hand at generating even a simple map, it brings into focus the amount of time, and a certain degree of programming skills, necessary to create and publish these works.  My hat is off to you guys.  While the basic game is very much playable, and for the most part enjoyable, the ease of which additional features, tools, and equipment/tractors can be quickly added is a pleasant change.  Simply drop a zip file in a folder, start the game, and go.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who just wants to sit back and play at your own pace.  There are no finish lines, no objectives (other than the ones you set yourself), and no adrenaline rushes.  About the only thing you could be accused of is being a 'cereal' killer. ;)Oh, and as for an addiction level, I think my gaming time speaks for itself.Happy Farming. :)"
,Recommended,313160,29788385,Posted: 8 February,all,Kurpee,we are farmers
76561198271728774,Recommended,313160,26276388,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DodgeDakota1989,"Amazing game! 9/10Would get 10/10 if the AI traffic could be moved, and had its own Steam Workshop for mods."
,Recommended,313160,12999211,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Edgy,tractors have physics10/10
76561198020350118,Recommended,313160,13483642,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FallenDK,fun and relaxing game just love the fs series :)
,Recommended,313160,23381545,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,(OF) Grim,If you enjoy simulator games and a game with endless mods then this game is for you.
76561197992768874,Recommended,313160,22271237,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,s.mycock,Brilliant game worth all the money and plenty of mods for it. played over 120 hours of it and i strongly recomend it to anyone intrested in farming.
76561198028914372,Recommended,313160,14057996,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ OutSyder,Its a great game. just relax and play like a farmer.Positive:- Graphics- Gameplay- Details- relaxingnegative:- by attaching tools your tractor can flip over. but its pretty rarescore: 9/10
,Recommended,313160,25642272,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Namedairplane7,Farming simulator is a very good game if you like to virtually farm! There is not many bugs within the game and when one comes up they are fixed pretty quickly. The in game maps and tractors do get boring quickly but if you search for mods on google and there is a lot of mod sites that have a lot of mods. Because the developers allow there games to be easily moded therefore there is a really strong and good modding community therefore you will never get bored of this game. This is because you can just go and download a new map and then a whole new adventure begins. If you are into simulators and looking for new ones to try I would recommend this game and also if you are interested in farming but like to play video games I also recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,313160,12970378,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Grim,Game is odly entertaining and enjoyable. first time playing a farming simulator but rather enjoying this.the graphics are great and the detail on the tractors is amazing!the only downfall of this game is that the multiplayer seems to lag badly. i would love to host my own game and maybe have 1 or 2 others join me. i don't lag but even just 1 other player and they will lag alot.8 out of 10
76561197979793688,Recommended,313160,23945075,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dad1014,"Very addicting... check my hours and see what I mean. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game , it will ruin your life. On my current map I have over 40 wind turbins and over 150 bee hives... currently earning $210,000 every hour and I still have over $16 million in the bank.  You'd think I would be done, but no... there are still tractors I haven't driven yet and equipment I haven't tried. New ways of using combines that I am still discovering. This game is now my life. I know, sad isn't it. I think I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,313160,30339923,Posted: 5 March,all,Utopian Gaming,"I love this game, I have not played any FS after 2015 as I don't feel the latest have added anything worth buying and playing but this one is by far the best FS I have played to date. Way better than FS 2013. Its best with friends and mods to help make things even better. Currently under 40 hours and over 80 mods. I love it! 10/10"
76561198061313537,Recommended,313160,25390655,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Scarfac328,"I love farming, but in todays society its hard to start. So I do this to replace the hole in my soul to the fact that I cant farm in real life. Its not much like farming in real life. But if you open your windows, play some John Denver and really get into it...its as close as your gonna get to farming without actually farming. If you dont like farming in real life, you probably won't think its that intersting. Do with that what you will."
76561198202182300,Recommended,313160,25273897,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SpAmTrak,"Every version of farm sim is better than the last so far, The addition of dirt and such really adds a lot, Back in FS13 I always said how it needed dirt, now it does, So I'm pacifiedalthough my time is deceptive in this game (I often fall asleep and forget the game is running in the background, So there's probably a good 40 hours ow extra time there) I still keep coming back to it like some kind of addictive hobby, I don't see it as a regular game but something more relaxing, sit down put on some country radio and start up farm sim.So yeah, Got the game, All the DLC and I would recommend this to anybody who enjoys relaxing simulations, I think it works just right without being too realistic to be tedious.And to think I played FS2011 as a joke, I've been a boring sim nerd ever since."
76561198235804590,Recommended,313160,29920189,Posted: 14 February,all,Oskarikiller,"I Like this game, but if you dont have any farming simulator games, i will recommend farming simulator 17, because it is new game, but it cost 10 euros more than 15. I have played 76 hours and i think i have done everything that i could do in this game. But still i like this game."
,Recommended,313160,21259499,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Somesz,"I don't want to talk about it really!Do I feel myself in a second childhood?Yes!That's it, this game was a pleasant surprise.I have never played more than 30 hours with a game in one week in my life.(Morrowind and Fallout doesn't count.)And if you have a steering wheel with 900 degrees, the game is much more enjoyable and funnier and feels much more real.Can't wait to buy a new ZIL truck for my eastern block farm, but I have a plenty of silage to sell and the canola is also needs to be harvested etc. etc. etc. And then I'll have my ZIL, my bigger equipment, a stronger tractor, new technologies and new possibilities! :-) Bring it on!"
76561198064774491,Recommended,313160,12928627,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Personal Space,What can I say... Never could have imagined this game would become my new addiction.... it has a few minor bugs that need a bit of polishing but asside from that farm sim 2015 is a blast.
,Recommended,313160,32212881,Posted: 5 June,all,GavinSJ03 I Skinhub.com,This is one of my favorite gamesthe virarity of tools and how the devs support modding and how easy it is are some of the best mapsthere are some easteregs in the maps and there is plenty to explore i would recommend any day!
,Recommended,313160,13015680,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,StrayanDropbear,8/10 would farm again+graphics have been improved+physics have been improved+UI is clean+everything is detailed well-wood cutting needs improving-physics needs improvingoverall solid game!
76561198202644548,Recommended,313160,31291688,Posted: 22 April,all,[159]  K. Martin,Good multiplayer game!
76561198040340134,Recommended,313160,18739790,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,terry.creed,"What's going on where is the new DLC Gold game, please,  I live in Perth Western Australia the game is 17 hours overdue"
,Recommended,313160,33123797,Posted: 2 July,all,HomikNL CSOFFER.ME,"My first think was to buy 2017 version but,my pc just was doing bad with it (I got LS17 on disk) soo I look at 2015 and I have to say it's rly not dat bad ! I had and  I have good time with it9/10"
,Recommended,313160,13308614,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Two Trees,"i would like to see the old stuff , like on the other fs games. other wise a great game, luv it..."
,Recommended,313160,12982236,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TheEvilMelon.,"This game is the best game I have EVER played. It is SERIOUSLY so much fun. If you're not quite sure to buy it not, BUY it. You WILL NOT BE DISPLEASED.It is SUCH a huge jump from 2013. Forestry, Physics, Machinery. I love it ALL.I don't want a life anymore, I want to play this game until I am 90."
76561198005722805,Recommended,313160,12693069,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,D.S.Jensen,"Omg its the new Farming Simulator. Farming is what u do in most games, but here its writen down :P U get 2 maps, (Scandinavia and US (from dlc of last game) More stuff to do like wood cutting, If  you like the first one, You like this one better."
,Recommended,313160,12695454,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mark.simons75,"Definite improment over 2013 is a must by if you enjoy simulators happy farming, the logging is alright but the farming wel it on a new level it is amazing"
76561197996763102,Recommended,313160,12726673,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CapnTibbz,"A pressure washer has been implemented.. That's all I have to say, the simulation just got more in-depth. Dirty vehicles, a way to clean them, almost free reign with the chain saw. By almost free reign, it's 99% free to cut wood in what ever configuration you want logs for length. All in all, great imersion."
,Recommended,313160,12736723,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bluegoon,"Was drunk last night, I pirated the game to see if I would like it, the game didn't start up.  wake up this morning, game is in my Steam Library.10/10"
76561198037514328,Recommended,313160,19594466,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,De'Jones,oh my god where has my life gone... such a wonderful game!!!!!
76561197972984618,Recommended,313160,25717677,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Redax,Superb farming game. It's enjoying for quite a few hours. But if you reach the point of having bought everything you want it gets repetitive.
76561197961011571,Recommended,313160,29436628,Posted: 22 January,all,3D | Ksharp,"If you're into a simulator-style game, in particular - farming, then this game is pretty decent. I cannot compare it to any other farming simulator game, except my Farmville on FB habit of like 6 years ago, that said I've spent a fair amount of time on this game. The re-playability is sort of there. Mod/addon websites exist so you can important additional tractors and attachments beyond the default items in the game, and those imported items are what added to the additional playtime. The game also only comes with 2 maps, and even though they are big, you do get tired of them, which is where importing additional maps comes in. All in all, if you're someone who is comfortable using 3rd party sites, and downloading mod-packs and such to improve a game's playability, then this game can be a lot of fun.The base playability in itself only lends 10-20 hours of game time unless you're someone who becomes addicted to it via some way or another - my way was downloading mod packs and such."
76561198167662242,Recommended,313160,23606412,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,LIL BEAR,"I'm in love with the game! Fun co-op too and lots of mods on the offical site for free, making the game even more enjoyable"
76561198171255381,Recommended,313160,23845489,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gabe The Babe,"I can't stop, this is amazing, Grow, Harvest, Plant, Repeat!!!"
,Recommended,313160,25673563,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gallonman20,This is a fantastic game!! There is alot of things you can do. Alot of machines to use and alot of mods to download. Can't wait till Farming Simulator 17 is Released!!
,Recommended,313160,16296169,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,EH | Jona124 |  Driver,if you have the money to buy it get it  its so much fun with frenids
,Recommended,313160,15258988,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vash017,"What can't be said about this game, its just simply fun, its a game that you can relax and play, something you can break off of and return months later and pick it up like you never left."
76561197972459984,Recommended,313160,15243342,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Space Ninja JDB,Fun for the whole family :D
76561198129247202,Recommended,313160,25174268,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kevin,this is the best farming simulator game i ever bought until fs17 comes out its a really good game to get
76561198118320598,Recommended,313160,15269452,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,The Marxinator,"The worlds best midwest simulator! Nothing but corn, corn, corn, and you guessed it, Barley!"
,Recommended,313160,13157260,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ManBeast,"tried mp with a friend in the uk and THE LAG was REAL but other than that, good game!"
76561198164529496,Recommended,313160,25863418,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Allison64,"Sometimes I just want to create without worrying about dragons, super-mutants, orcs, or hostile civilizations attacking me.  That's when I play this game.  I have about 200 hours in this game (mostly offline which means STEAM isn't aware).  If you like mowing the lawn or playing a merchant this game could be for you.  You get a sense of accomplishment and your choices DO make a difference.  Compared to FPS and RPGs, it's a bit slow and if you're used to playing Bethesda games the playing space is ludicrously small, but it's still fun to build up a farming empire by slowly buying up all the land available and making it productive.  Instead of guns and potions you collect tractors and attachments, your missions don't involve going somewhere and killing everything in sight but instead you deliver farm goods or services to meet contract schedules, or to suit yourself.  There's a huge focus on money but crafting, fighting, exploring, looting, and levelling up aren't a part of this game.  Your character gets wealthy but never advances in capabilities or perks.  It's easy to watch TV or do some other intermittant activity while the game is running, close attention is infrequently required.    It's a nice change from what I normally play.   Recommended."
,Recommended,313160,26191905,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jak Ovsum Trade,>Drive in straight line>turn 180 degrees>Drive in straight line>Repeat
76561198219142008,Recommended,313160,23840986,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,intheshadows,I like this game becuse you get to see what real farming is like.
76561198019354251,Recommended,313160,12969053,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jacko1144,"I never even thought of playing a farming game, so when i came across this i was a little weiry.The open world is massive and very beautiful.The vehicle detail is amazing, the attention to detail is spot on.The game itself, after the tutorial you get a little lost but after you drive arround for a while in your tractor it starts to come together, once you figure out the basic aim of making money then your life is over as far as the outside world is concerned ,because farming simulator 2015 is so fun and enjoyable to play you won't want to stop."
76561198035129237,Recommended,313160,13763301,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,John,"Aside from the wood chipper being a bit tempermental to use, very interesting game. It leaves you with a lot of options to go to try out new things and make more money. Multiplayer is probably the best part about this game being able to complete the game a lot more easily than constantly hiring AI and having to check on everything yourself. Physics are  somewhat unrealistic but you can still find ways to mess around and have fun with those physics. Very good game."
,Recommended,313160,23589217,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,♫ blackraider ™,potatoes.
76561198038795575,Recommended,313160,12770047,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[SAP] Pickle55,Love it! The graphics are next gen. Almost everything is dynamic. The improvements since the last game are also great. Also much more fun when you are playing with freinds. Check it out.
,Recommended,313160,13588010,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,John Kalel,Great game for all those budding farmersthat and an amazing modding community !
76561198060959192,Recommended,313160,22837171,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kyle,"This is the best game of my life. My dad farms in real life and talk about realistic! i also help him now, so farming during the day and if i dont get enough of working hard and breaking my back. I cant wait to get home and sit in my chair for 8 hours and going back and hitting the dairy cows in the morning irl. This game is the best i recommend for anyone who wants to become a real farmer so realistic and easy like real life. the crops grow at such a real rate it took me 2 days to finally get my corn done. 10/10 would  buy again."
76561198032339870,Recommended,313160,12961218,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,cheayn,impressive gameplay and graphics. major step up from the previous version. only issue i see is that the machines seem to creep away from where you park them
,Recommended,313160,17288177,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,TonyTango,"If you love simulators then this is the game for you. Personally this is the first farming simulator i have played. Before i purchased it i was a bit weary, i didn't know how long i would last playing it. Now that i have purchased it, i find that i cannot stop playing it... it's very addictive. It can become quite challenging , fun and very rewarding when you sell your goods. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves simulators."
,Recommended,313160,22074897,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,WPCom,"Amazing Game! While I do not play the game on a daily basis, this is one of my most favorite when I have nothing else to do!"
,Recommended,313160,22234245,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Brooksbanks,"got time for this game, endless opartunities with mods, although the ground physics never seem to change,"
,Recommended,313160,12877425,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ClydeThaMonkey,"My opinion on this game is kinda mixed. I got a bit disappointed since it feels more as a DLC then a new game.Cons:- There is only 1 new map since the US map was from the last FS2013 DLC- Really bad driving physics- The skybox looks like crap (No moving clouds and static night skybox f.ex)- No improvement in the grapichs department- Cockpitview badly detailed and blurred out- A tad to easy to earn money if you go for only loggingPros:- Some new equipment- Nicely detailed tractors/equipment- New stuff to do due to the added logging equipment etc- The new Scandinavian map feels bigger- Weight counts in when transporting stuff- Equipment draw horsepowers from the tractors so a weak tractor cant use f.ex a mower and a trailer to pick it up at the same time. Adds more realism that way.- Much better and minimalistic UI :)All in all its a perfectly good game for the people who never tried FS2013.For the ""veterans"" from FS2013 its gonna be a bit disappointed. But since the price aint that high its worth it if you pretend its just a DLC :P"
,Recommended,313160,25301665,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,CruzCoda,"One of those gem-like games that does one thing, and one thing well. The controls make sense, the gameplay is solid and varied within it's scope, and the graphics don't make your eyes bleed. Add into that a wonderfully entertaining multiplayer aspect, and you have the kind of game that really shouldn't be this fun, but it is.Seriously, though, get this for the multiplayer lols. Totally worth the base price for the game."
76561198062385905,Recommended,313160,13588720,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GreenFox12,Cutting dem grass
76561198029345074,Recommended,313160,25316207,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,HST43007,love it
76561197994486693,Recommended,313160,12856588,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ADF-Snake,"Compared to Farming Simulator 2013, this is a big leap forward! Alot of new machines and tools aswell as new activities such as Forestry. Very fun game if you're into simulators."
76561198030027617,Recommended,313160,12832268,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dusty_yost,"good, game. Has a few glitches. that need to be ironed out. But over all a good game. if you have played one of the other farming sims you will love this one. a considerable upgrade over  Farm sim 2013.  Totally worth the 30 dollars."
,Recommended,313160,30065208,Posted: 20 February,all,Optically,"The most addictive game ever , me and my brother spend most of the time playing it and having fun from actual farming to trying to flip eachother over , i would definatly recomend to anyone who wants some casual games to play"
,Recommended,313160,30020032,Posted: 18 February,all,M4rio,"It's a very good simulator, a like it a lot."
76561198154483910,Recommended,313160,14451746,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Shadowhunter,This game is a very fun game i love playing it There is sill 1 or 2 bugs they need to fix  and the mulit-player is very laggy but snigle-player is fine
,Recommended,313160,21362068,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Aandreas,"I love farming simulator 15 and have played this game since FS2009 came out (back in mid 2008 I think); I play lots of other farming simulator games too, (like the old John-Deere-Farmer and Agricultural-Simulator series); I started playing farming-sim games even before the FS series came out. (In this series there was FS09, FS11, FS13 and now FS15 and I have them all).The game survives because of the modding community that surrounds it, you can even get the Giants Software Game Editor, (some people call it the map-editor), where you can design your own maps and stuff like that. My fav of all time was FS11 mainly because I have the most mods for that particular game, (and I still play it from time to time).I even have some old FS09 maps that I like to delve back into.  If you are a GTA, BF or COD nut like me, I can say that you probably won't like this game, but I am a games geek and I like a change of pace. Most GTA and Cod players will say  this is a boring game, (and I'd agree with them if they don't have the correct mods installed). If you have a few specific mods, the game becomes a strategy game.No farmer would spend a $350,000- or more; on a harvester and then have it standing idle. (There is a mod to allow you to play as a services company providing the farms with your machinery and your services to harvest the field).  But by far the best mods to have are (in this order), CoursePlay and the Follow Me Mod. The idea is to create courses to and from fields and more complex courses to empty harvesters to your grain silos, or put manure or slurry onto a field. etc.Instead of driving every vehicle yourself everytime, 'YOU MANAGE' your farm, by recording and setting up courses to reply when you want. It is just a case of cycling through your vehicles and keeping everything running. (And, that reminds me of another mod you need); You should get the Vehicle Selector mod too, it's called the 'Vehicle Switcher' (Or grouper mod is another). You can hold left CTRL to the press a number on the keyboard to select any vehicle in the 1 to 10 slots - and it can manage up to 40 vehicles. L-CTRL+No. L-Shift+No. R-CTRL+No. R-Shift+No. It beats Tabbing through 40 vehicles!If you get really good at playing this game and want a real challenge, then adding the soil-mod will raise the game difficulty! Depending upon for you treat your field, just like a real farmer has to; you will gain more crops (yield), from the crops harvest cycle of the field. It takes more time to play though!You can also add more realism by adding the 'Damage the crops mod' which just means if you drive over your crops, you flatten and crush them just like in real life. I see this fault all the time in 'Let's Play' videos on YT. where virtual farmers are driving on the wrong side of their harvester to empty it. (The wrong side being the side where the crops are still growing).If you want to know more, go see my blog. ( I am Farmer-George athttps://Farming-SimulatorS.co.ukwhere I talk about lots of farming sims games)."
76561198208834513,Recommended,313160,19086727,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Troy.Crous,mint
,Recommended,313160,14368337,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,BenWatki,Many under estimate this game too be utter crap but it real isnt your hooked from the moment you start by far the best farm sim if not simulator out there at the moment worth the price.
,Recommended,313160,20627098,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MadShock,A good Simulator that offers a fairly wide world. Really fun to mod if you want to take a break from standard progression in the game.
,Recommended,313160,23805601,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JackGilbert,Very Good Game!!!Very few glitches..but thats all in the fun of the game. 10/10
76561198276920276,Recommended,313160,24962496,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Master the Warrior,really good game i love it but i cant find addons from the workshop it is not much fun without mods!!!!!!
76561198055238271,Recommended,313160,24992471,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl,Here's a game that a person could play just to unwind or they could play it in multiplayer with friends and family to create the ultimate farm.
76561198192574959,Recommended,313160,24446840,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,xxgamerpro95xx,"This is one of the best games I have played! If you play it without cheating, its even more realistic,"
,Recommended,313160,21347362,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DatSuperPig,"This game is personally my favorite game out of all of my games. It is super fun to mod you game and play with your friends, goofing off and stuff. Very easy game to run, and very fun."
76561198127607390,Recommended,313160,20307506,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sylvester McMonkey McBean,"I saw a commercial for this game and I thought to myself- ""Are people really into this game? How stupid!"" Well, now I'm one of those people. I thought it would be funny to just have this in my library and plus it was cheap on the Steam Winter Sale. That was the worst choice I've ever made. I AM addicted now. I thought this game would be very simplistic, but there are a whole lotta mechanics.   10/10"
76561198072792520,Recommended,313160,26096127,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,LA,best one i have played so far.....
76561197972209862,Recommended,313160,28539116,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Unos,"I really enjoyed this game, and still do sometimes. FS17 is out now, so i play that but, I will still recommend this game!Like the other FS games it's slow paced, if you want it to be. You can buy a lot of fields and try to manage them all at once, while you have cows to feed or you can just have one field you work on.For me this game is relaxing and stress free - no rush :)"
,Recommended,313160,29472882,Posted: 24 January,all,lethaljustice,"One of the best simulation games ever made.  The tractors, vehicles are authentic and realistic.  The scenery is beautiful and memorable to explore.  The financial elements are just the right combination of simplistic and complex to keep the game fun without being a burden to manage, keeping you engaged in the core elements of the game.  Add in multiplayer, husbandry and logging, and you have a game that will keep you playing for hundreds of hours.Pros:Beautiful landscapePeaceful ambient soundsAuthentic tractors, vehicles and equipmentHusbandryLoggingFarmingMultiplayerHire employees to harvest, sow and fertilize fieldsCons:NPC vehicles get in the way (can be turned off in settings)Hired employees' AI is lackingHorns on tractors - all are this little squeak of a hornLogging forks - have to wrestle with logs at timesRepetitive (farming is repetitive, so not really a con)"
76561198079749993,Recommended,313160,29287589,Posted: 15 January,all,KTM,Best farming game out there. Modding community is what keeps it going!
76561198174305395,Recommended,313160,24993937,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mr123,"Great Game but in game maps are poorly deatailed. But see when you add mods its FAB! Better maps,more brands and a great community."
76561198110702832,Recommended,313160,21375593,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The Man™,if you like-trucks-beer-copenhagen-a great modding community-lynyrd skynyrd-Cows-girls driving trucks-GunsThis Could Be The Game For You
,Recommended,313160,12834099,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SizZLeR,"In short, FS15 is better/improved in every way to any of its predecessors, therefore I recommend the game (overall rating 7/10).Physics (6/10): They say its a new engine, however it does feel a lot like the old one in many ways, but some major improvements like not so ""floaty"" objects (tractors still go airborn when driving over small hills at 30 km/h though), solid AI vehicles and the machines actually loosing speed when going uphill and gaining speed going downhill are some VERY good improvements.It still has the ""bouncy"" physics which for some parts doesn't matter but for other parts are downright annoying and makes the game hard to actually play sometimes.There're some sort of ""magnet"" feature that steps in to aid the player in placing things like the scorpion king cutter by the tree so u don't have to be 100% precise with that.Also when grinding trunks the same thing happens when u place logs on the conveyer belt and the end of the log comes close to the grinder unit.Sometimes you feel the ""magnet"" feature works for you, while other times it seems to work straight against you.Due to the physics engine, log handling is very frustrating at times, somewhere around 50% of the time actually and things like the grinder than tends to bounce the logs all over the place are truly annoying, especially as once the end of a log bounces higher than the grinding unit and back down, the grinder no longer treats it as if its for grinding, it kinda ignores it somehow and the log will just lie there on the moving conveyer belt without being affected by it.Controls (5/10): Im using an XBOX One controller via USB and FS15 is prepared for that, it even has some default controller scheme for it that works pretty bad, because none of the machines are controlled like you'd expect them to, for starters, the wheel loader has the arm up/down set in a way so u cant drive and steer while controlling the arm.If u reconfigure the controls, then you cant set it up so the controls are correct for all machines and that's due to the way the controls are tied together, so if u set the wheel loader so the right stick controls the arm and bucket (like on a real wheel loader), your controls for cranes will become wrong and vise versa.Gameplay (8/10): The machines way of deploying power is way better than in older FS games, so far I haven't experienced the scenario of a smaller tractor being more powerful than a bigger (higher HP) tractor, so now it actually pays to buy the tractor suitable for the given job, instead of just finding that one tractor that does it all better than any other tractor.The logging part they added is nice, because it offers you to take a break when you get fed up by the repetitiveness of sowing and harvesting and you also makes so that you can do some logging during harvest so that you wont just sit around watching the hired worker fill up the harvester.They also added the ""no withering"" option so when enabled, your crops wont wither and that makes it possible to actually have several fields and maintain them all without the risk of loosing the crop if not harvested in time.In addition, it doesn't force you to attend to those fields until you feel like it.Stability (8/10): I find the game to be VERY stable, ive had one crash only so far and that's after the game has been running for days where Ive played up to 8 hrs straight, then paused and tabbed out and used the computer for other purposes.Bugs/exploits (6/10): There are bugs obviously and some of them are more annoying than others, but so far I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs.In regards of exploits, there're plenty, especially when it comes to logging, but working the exploits soon becomes dull and boring and somehow the money grinding is more giving, though it returns less money in the game, but instead of seeing it as right or wrong ways to play the game, I started to see it as ""freedom of choice"" to play the game the way you want to play it.Because maybe not everyone will enjoy every money grinding part of the game and in order to get some fast starters cash, they might prefer a little exploiting just to earn enough to get them going with what they wanna do and hence, spare them the boredom of doing what don't catch their interest in order to play the game.Graphics (8/10): The graphics are good and consistent, most objects has been completed into fine details and just like when you have a meal, if it looks good, its just a better experience than if it doesn't, even though the taste is the same.Conclusion is, that there're plenty of room for improvements, but the game in its current state is very much worth the price.Its actually one of those games where id be prepared to pay twice the price if the physics were just that more refined so that things like the grinder would work flawlessly.Regardless, there're many many hours of entertaining gameplay to be had.Enjoy! :-)"
76561198004538559,Recommended,313160,13645906,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Daonest[ST],"A very addictive game, at first thought you may be thinking how can this game be any fun? Without cheats and making money the normal way can be rewarding. Save up to buy all those new tools and expanding your farm. Not only do you deal with crops on the fields but you can also tend livestock, chickens, and cut down trees for wood. Well worh the purchase if you like this type of game."
,Recommended,313160,21332151,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,RJVlogs_D,"Okay so, Farming Simulator 15. Pretty fun and simulating game, obviously by the title of the game ""Farming SIMULATOR"" It should simulate you some what.If you like big veihicles, yummy crops and cute animals then this is the game for you!I'd recommend it and the rating I'd give it would be a 8.5/10"
76561198088104546,Recommended,313160,14026089,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RoadHog,"Farming.  The first thing you think of is cows, horses, chickens and fields of grain.  Well there aren't any horses (rats, I like horses) but there is everything else plus much more.PROSYou can be a Grain farmer. a Tree farmer, a chicken farmer, a Dairy farmer or a combination of any of them.There are plenty of things to do, plan and execute and all kinds of time to do it.  There are even missions you can run if you've a mind to.  They're not required but they can earn you extra cash.The graphics are superb and the animations are fantastic.  The equipment is rendered beautifully and it's all animated.As you earn cash by selling your crops you can buy more land or equipment.  Eventually you need help to get all the work done on time so you can hire help in the fields or on Multiplayer you can work with others.Replayability isn't even an obtion to consider because the game is never ending.  There are hours and hours of challenges and fun.CONS:There are a couple of things that indicate that this program needed a Farmer consultant when it was made.  Not noticible enough to effect the game though.  Chances are that if your not a farmer you'll never notice them.The methods used to feed the animals in the game lacks enough realism.  For example you can't buy hay to feed your cows, you have to buy the equipment to gather the food.  There are no Feed stores.The program ignores the fact that the majority of farms do not invest in haying equipment but instead rely on buying from Feed stores or Hay farmers.  The multi-billion dollar Hay industry is not represented.SUMMARY:A fun filled, challenging game with endless play."
76561198268986891,Recommended,313160,25137974,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,pakelkjmk,Good game it takes time to get the big tractors but i had fun the whole time
,Recommended,313160,24640805,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,✪ .M* ツ,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　,）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,313160,15521165,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MasterJones93,This is a great game! It has amazing graphics and runs flawlessly. Although at times it'll seem a bit boring doing the same thing over and over. That's only the part of the grind on the farm though. The maps are good maps and it has a great list of equipment and tractors!  I'd say its alot better than the one before it and I really enjoy the game!
76561197994293357,Recommended,313160,18753071,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,henoch444,"I bought Farming Sim 2013 just for sheets and giggles, not saying too much I bought Farm Sim 2015 at launch.I ALWAYS wash my equipment every day!!!!!!!Seriously, I can't explain why I like it, I just like to manage things: trucking company, farm, airline company, train company. If only someone could combine all theese sims into one big online/offline world."
76561198063799475,Recommended,313160,18528591,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ZwE_αℓєx H1Z1.plus tradeit.gg,This a really awesome game!10/10
76561197980236174,Recommended,313160,16785663,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DrUnK,I didn't think I would enjoy this after trying the 2013 and 2014 version but this one is a sim done right. Great Job.
,Recommended,313160,13322479,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TaterzMcBiscuit,"Buckle up for some good-ol', full-throttle action racing between two AI controlled pieces of farm equipment in parallel fields.  Farms will strike without warning and tractors use clever disguises, tactical espionage and acrobatic martial arts to ensure a successful bailing experience.  Choose from a barn full of smokin' rod tractors and harvesters and quickly level up your fields.  Players will need to decide between equipment and their useful ""attachments"" depending upon their unique skill sets.Anything goes in this highly competitive, totally wild, all-out, all-star farming extravaganza, as it offers a freestyle game approach, focused on fast and furious rounds, where you step into the game as your favorite tractor.Climb behind the trigger and help our distressed farmer friend obliterate hordes of no good cluckers!11/10 - No orange honeycomb textures."
,Recommended,313160,21000232,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,{EXP#}[AGC]Vaski,Great game. Free roaming farimng trains forestry it all here.
,Recommended,313160,15105724,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Slothmaw The Third,One of the games you play alot of offline
,Recommended,313160,25813645,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pat (ty cake),"It's a great game. I never really played the multiplayer, but some mods like courseplay made me feel like I wasn't wasting my life farming virtual crops and who am I kidding I was wasting my life farming cirtual crops and putting pine trees in lakes but what the heck get the game it's nice."
76561198243588322,Recommended,313160,25153160,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Flames581/ Offline,Great game to go farming (not for real and get hot). Get gold so you can go on multiplayer. Get this game for the fun and laughter
,Recommended,313160,15686485,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,mindfucked.,Awesome!
,Recommended,313160,15775475,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Snowmobiler,its a awesome game
,Recommended,313160,14162507,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Adam0896,"I've been playing Farming Simulator 2013 since the day that game came out, I was thrilled when I made the swap to Farming Simulator 15. Almost immediately I noticed graphic tweaks and new animations that brought all the vehicles to live. Exploring a new map, and getting to use new equipment definitely made this game enjoyable and I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,313160,16333425,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,9LivesCat,"I like the game, it is just relaxing. Something else than all the violents with guns, melee weapons,..."
,Recommended,313160,15103999,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CIV Wyatt,"Farming simulator 15 AKA FS 15. is a amazing game. if you have play Farming simulator 2013 , its sorta like  that. Some cool things added in this game conpared to FS 2013 is that Giants added a Truck , simi and logging equppment. this game is very intresting and has a amazing graphics conpared to Farming simulator 2013IF you have teamspeak Here is out IPmatterinc.usMy youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbtQw3mNmlkIl7jmwdW6OjAVery fun game!"
76561198080065241,Recommended,313160,22243745,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ye Ol' Farmer Joe,"Farming Simulator 2015 is a very fun game at first. When you play this game for more than a year...it gets boring. I've been playing this game for little over 2 years and I don't play it much more. You repeat the same thing. Plant, harvest, over and over. I mostly play for a long long time then stop for a long long time then get back on it again. I purchased all the dlc's and I would not reccomend Holmer. It gives few machines and is not very interseting."
76561198255713222,Recommended,313160,28316112,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GooseGameing,works good it is the best fs 17 is not much better
,Recommended,313160,28190433,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lil Red Devil,"Fun game, but a total time suck. Log in for a few minutes, next thing I know it's been 2 hours  :-)"
,Recommended,313160,19888595,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,No Oats.,My friends envy me when I play this. This would explain why I now have no friends.
76561198094834793,Recommended,313160,12877119,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,dg8882,i have recreated the wall of china with logs.. 12/10
76561198156121947,Recommended,313160,33783015,Posted: 25 July,all,EreD,Augis dx
,Recommended,313160,25164047,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,eskeyOOO,"Farming Simulator 2015 game which takes on the character of the farmer.Our task is the cultivation of plants and breeding animals such aschickens, cows and owice.Do our disposal in the standard version of the gamewe have 2 maps and more than 140 vehicles and tools. The first map isBjornholm in European climates and the second Westbridge Hills locatedin North America. Funds have collected wczasie harvest and saleanimal raw materials you will be able to spend on the development of the farm sowjejspecifically in new machinery, and more animals in a greenhouse and evenwind turbines.If machinery, vehicles, maps you get bored you can get yourselfmodifications and install them with one click.Game enthusiasts recommend agriculture but if you have Farming Simulator 13it does not replace the FS 15 because it does not add  so many big changes to purchase this version"
,Recommended,313160,20938125,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Scottish Lad,I'm really enjoying playing this game. I was very glad that I bought it. I would defiently recommend it to anyone who loves simulation games
,Recommended,313160,23571706,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bulkkisika,"After a long, busy day doing real farmwork at my homestead, nothing relaxes me better than playing some Farming Simulator"
76561198021474875,Recommended,313160,23569351,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Haze,Very relaxing game.  Lots of equpment to work with and build your working farm.  Night or day time.  Plenty of different crops to grow and livestock.
76561198172586014,Recommended,313160,30778436,Posted: 27 March,all,lucpros,"Great game, very fun to play multiplayer with friend. The game has lots of great vehicles too. If you play by yourself it is still fun and the maps are nice and big. Would recommend to anyone, especially those interseted in vehicles or farming."
76561198061856477,Recommended,313160,30517949,Posted: 14 March,all,johannesbsb,"I've never harvested as much wheat as I did in this game, if you don't like agricultural machines and harvesting your crops then this isn't your game if you do though ENJOY! Great game to relax too."
,Recommended,313160,20380685,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SMcG Gamer,"Farming Simulator 15 is an amazing addition to the Farming Simulator franchise. Whether you are new to the games or not, this adds a new level of gameplay with the addition of forestry, which was only available as a mod for FS 2013. New brands of machinery further extend the hours of fun you will have ploughing, cultivating, sowing, spraying, harvesting, etc."
76561198061449032,Recommended,313160,33632931,Posted: 18 July,all,The_Ultimatefox,good game love it
,Recommended,313160,31726712,Posted: 13 May,all,❤ Mandark ❤,A great game for relaxing after work
,Recommended,313160,12940332,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JEDADIAH,I always loved Farming Simultor 13 but this is so much better! If you love simulators as much as me this will be one of your favorite games!
76561198242757578,Recommended,313160,26465954,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Joseph Stailn,goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    !!! BUY IT NOW.
,Recommended,313160,17611204,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ANNDIS,Great game!
76561197980023166,Recommended,313160,12972898,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MurdoC,"There is a lot of bugs in the game. Every other time you load it up som implement don't work and sometimes it's a fine. E.g.  I can't pull some tippers (have'nt tested all) with the New Holland T8.320. Thats a nice $250k that can do only ""some"" jobs..Big improvment from 2013, especially the physics.BUT! it feels like a beta version"
,Recommended,313160,20631133,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,The Frying Dutch Pan,Best game in Steam.
,Recommended,313160,12818348,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Flying LumberJack,"If you are a fan of simulation games and farming simulator 2013 this is an amazing game. Huge improvement on mechanics, graphics and so much more. Amazing game and deffinitly a lot more content and worth the $30.00"
,Recommended,313160,25702975,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lividdog2,i get busy i love it
,Recommended,313160,25741777,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,AinsWorth,"incredible Game, would recommend it"
76561198085451781,Recommended,313160,12816868,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,olechan,ok this is the best farming simulator yet i am going to buy all of the dlc this year.
,Recommended,313160,12955496,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bubba§nipe§,"I honestly love this game, people may think it is weird to love a farming game but its not.  The First thing I did in the tutorial was part of the driving of the harvester. When it said that I could start harvesting the land I instead went on a joy ride in my harvester and learned how to drift in it. I couldn't ask for a better game.11/10 would drift a F****** harvester again"
,Recommended,313160,13678021,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fethry,This game is much more better comparing to FS 2013. Everything is better than I thought.
76561198042181537,Recommended,313160,12787236,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sir Digby Chicken,My tractor got covered in muck. 11/10
76561198011354440,Not Recommended,313160,21394436,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,chairface,"Just more shovelware from GIANTS, Farm Simulator 15 ships missing key features the devs then expect to sell you as DLC, while leaving the modding community to clean up their mess.  It's a real shame because the fundamental idea is sound and could be a very enjoyable sandbox, if it wasn't being mismanaged by lazy, greedy, entitled devs.  When GIANTS is ultimately folded in EA in some not-too-distant future, no one will cry because nothing will really have changed."
76561197974057860,Recommended,313160,13021049,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Blackbones,Excellent!!!  I Loved FS 13 and FS 15 is the same with a lot of advances and extras.This game has replaced hours of boredom with hours of entrancing fun!Great Game!!!
76561198086809875,Recommended,313160,25043986,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Zed Basher,"I've been buying this game with every new release since the begining. I don't know why because it's a boring game really. FS17 is available on pre-order so I've got to keep this review short so I can go snatch it up.  *yawn*  Seriously, it is a boring game..."
76561198279216529,Recommended,313160,24288685,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[MLG]RedNeckGaming,I really like this game
76561198154432204,Recommended,313160,12960321,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lloyd Christmas,Very good game if you liked farming simulator 2013 you will love this game and you should get man it is good
76561198191630267,Recommended,313160,19076502,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,btfarms,I  like farm sim because of all the accurate stuff about it!
,Recommended,313160,19334381,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jonaspauleta,Best Game Ever!!!Add me to Play!!
,Recommended,313160,16108193,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Phoenix,"Bought the game and hopped right into plowing my field, and before I knew, i had wasted (Used) 10 hours of my life ploughing a computer generated field... It is calming and relaxing with great multiplayer experience. !10 out of 10, would plough again!"
76561198063360203,Recommended,313160,12883068,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Teddy,Very good game  every bit
,Recommended,313160,13305403,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[RFW]BBDuramax&Cummins,I like this game and everything about it.  I would definitely recommend this game to others.
,Recommended,313160,13299988,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Funnycats,Fun!
,Recommended,313160,15979412,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shady,If you like simulator games you'll love this! If you don't like farming then sorry you probably won't. Anyways this game is amazing and I recommend it!
76561197997420609,Recommended,313160,13714068,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sean memester,"It is a very good game in a sence that it is very grindy and also it is for people who are very relaxed and have a  pasion for farming and it is not completely correct, but i mean it is a nice edu. game for farmers and  people some what learn to be a farmer the phisics are very good and it gints  has a brand new engiene so it works a lot beter. I hope i changed your mind in to playing this game. :)"
,Recommended,313160,13368425,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JustSharkbait,"The best one yet, and a very good game overall. I find it relaxing and enjoyable."
76561197994041676,Recommended,313160,18604835,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,scotty,so adictive passes time easily runs ok graphics are good
,Recommended,313160,18670063,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Erevos,Truly an amazing simulator game there isn't a better one out there.
,Recommended,313160,18684837,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,#Paradox CSGO500,This game is sooooo good ! I cant stop it playing it in free time!
76561197990376616,Recommended,313160,12700895,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Greanthal,"Great game, better version of Fs 2013For those of you looking for an igame washer, get the high pressure washer from the shop, and wash your tractors :)"
76561198056056103,Recommended,313160,12728693,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ghost2296,"So the Farming Simulator just came out and you are looking to me to provide an accurate assesment on the new game, well this is what I have. If you enjoyed playing the older farming simulators and got tired of the tractors falling over all the time, and all the parts on the tractor that should move but didnt. If you couldnt stand how trees got in your way when planting. You will love this new simulator, like first off when you drive the tractors you can feel and see how they react to the ground, and how they do get overloaded and slid down hills when the wagon is too heavy. When you drive it leaves tracks and the rain and dust dosnt come in the cab. When you unload grain in to a wagon is fills according to how the grain is falling. The combines are completly redone and you dont start out with some turd, you get a quality combine. When you do get your wagon full you will notice hills are not your friend lol. The wood cutting is briliant and they took their time, you notice it in the game. All in all if you want to have some fun and share mods with your friends then i highly recomend this gam to every farming simulator lover."
76561198125530057,Recommended,313160,12729680,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[RLVTC] Simplez72™,"I think the game was released to early and rushed. The ursulus wrapper is incompatible with the balers, so of no use. The forestry stuff is a bit jumpy and needed more work. Overall though a good game hope they stay on top of things with updates"
,Recommended,313160,12694613,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mariah Wolves,"Its better and bigger then 2013, and you can do logging to. Much smoother game play, better Graphics and more to do. Once you get the money for it. Its a would buy"
76561198011391441,Recommended,313160,13469747,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ipjrobson,"If you liked Farming Simulator 13, you are going to love FS15.Giants has really improved on the game. They physics have changed, so bales now have weight. Also, filled tippers have weight so when you are going down a hill with a filled tipper you have to remember to break.The graphics have improved as well. They have added mirrors to your vehicles which is a nice touch as well.Overall, it is a great improvement on FS13"
76561198047279182,Recommended,313160,18646652,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,sparkymark,great game. great for single player and better for multiplayer
76561198177772483,Recommended,313160,19432898,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MyNamIsJeff,This is an awesome Iv been playing it for about two years now an d I love I'm really in to itSo I recommend buying it u will also love it two so get ur credit cards out and punch in those numbers
76561198044828696,Recommended,313160,19685891,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Donatelo csoffers.me,Good game to play with your friends. Makes you work like a team :D
76561198022451572,Recommended,313160,20385621,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Billy2k,1st i bought this game for fun only i wanted to refund it 2 days and 0.5 h of gameplay but i dont know what happened ...♥♥♥♥! im addicted to this ...
76561198005449397,Recommended,313160,12700786,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zorgon911,game is great.. i love it.. its like playing farming sim 13 but .. better graphics more stuff to do better quality. so far NO crashes and i have played for 12 hours straight...played with my friends i started up a server. U DONT NEED A NEW COPY OF THE GAME.... the netcode is GREAT...for the price i have to pay im happy its cheap.. but  the game is so stable in the first stage . i think it deserves more money.. sofar it have deliver everything Superb of what i payd for.... cant stop pöaying it....recomended for all ages and to have fun with friends...one thing i want them to fix is make the logs little more heavier.. they fly of somethimes like if they were made of paper...make hem little moe heavier and the game is complea for my part...9.8/10patch the logs and u will get 10/10
76561198172585411,Recommended,313160,14070710,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,sam da dingbat,Farming simulator is a fun game you have the game tractors which are cool than you the moded tractors which are vary cool farming simulator is my favrite game.
76561198022859540,Recommended,313160,20297002,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,meck_bob,"This is the best, most mod supported, most stable, most visually appealing farming simulator on the market. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,313160,20517449,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SethPlayZ_YT,The best game ever
,Recommended,313160,20578714,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,frogoh311,This game rocks
76561198178826125,Recommended,313160,20592530,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,themainman209,love ths game!
,Recommended,313160,20597273,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xXrangerscopeXx 1,Like This Game
76561198263698355,Recommended,313160,20626873,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zade1000,hi im zade the best game ever get it if you like farming
,Recommended,313160,20378826,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Japanese_Fish,yes this game is good but it is much like the last oneit was great because you learn about farming equipment like sowers .
,Recommended,313160,20801095,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,XKPlayzYT,Very Good Game. I would recommend it. :)
76561198203998395,Recommended,313160,20464926,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,FoxyTerminator9,Great game easy to get into and people may think its not good fun but you have to play i for at least 5 hours to make that judgement i would say
76561198214486165,Recommended,313160,20728491,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Preddie,This game is great and is neat trying out different farming chores and machinery out.
76561197970772522,Recommended,313160,20858733,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,PKNecron,"This game, dispite what you may think, is very fun and totally addictive.  You can easily lose hours and hours while you manage your farm.  From planting and harvesting crops to raising cattle and sheep, to logging and power production."
76561198035772043,Recommended,313160,14218393,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Usseterprise,Love this game. I've tryrd others but nothing can compare.
,Recommended,313160,13347672,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,NoPressure,a game that is fun but needs someone to play it with
,Recommended,313160,21035801,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,joshmaster11,i love this game
,Recommended,313160,12694620,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dartus33,A very nice game. If you enjoyed Farming Simulator 2013 then you will enjoy this.Much prettier and smoother with better graphics.Defiantly worth the money.
76561198178828191,Recommended,313160,20682673,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,warmaster95,1 get2play3farm4restat5have funu shoud buy it
,Recommended,313160,22253690,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Slip-Gun44,This is a fantastic game to jump into with some friends and have good clean fun. The machinery is fun to use and occasionally have a game of demolition tractors. The DLC adds a lot of good equipment with helpful functions and i haven't even gotten to workshop items yet. Definitely worth it
,Recommended,313160,14702935,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,killodius,Very fun game to mess around in. especially in MP with some friends. just chilling and ofc farming.graphics+Physics+-Content+overall a fun game.love it or hate it
76561198116741984,Recommended,313160,22219378,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Spaniel4,"Very Good game by the brilliant Giants Software (Copyright), Nvidia (Copyright) and Focus Home Interactive (Copyright). Good range of equipment available from combines to forestry. Would highly recomend to anyone who was a player of Farming Simulator 2013 or the original Farming Simulator or for new players looking for a good simulation game.Giants Software Gmbh (Copyright)    Nvidia (copyright)      Focus Home Interactive (copyright)"
,Recommended,313160,22028720,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mythic,"Still the best farming sim out there!!! ,lots of vehicles ,great multiplayer and best of all a huge modding community so this game never gets boring."
76561198067323742,Recommended,313160,14168601,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,++Yeah right++,"Besides the bugs that still are all over the game its a lot of fun.I know, they fixed most of the bugs, and the next patch will get 95% of them.That beeing said, i absolutely love the game, as i did with FS13I check the mod sites every day and try out new mods.Beside that i also mod equipment and it amazes me every time how simpel it is.Its a no pressure, relax game and that is just what i want.I love it."
,Recommended,313160,20431101,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Grimm Spector,"+ Graphical upgrade+ Physics are better than predecessors+ Courseplay works for it+ Map feels larger- Physics are still bad- ""Fruit"" choices are still too narrow and uninteresting- No random events- Nothing adds interest to the gameIf you liked the previous installments then you'll like this one, but it's nothing new to the genre."
76561198208158203,Recommended,313160,21364984,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ollydavis,its a great game and the mods you can download are great
76561198005364611,Recommended,313160,21390285,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Brain (inconsistently decent),love it! and im a real farmer.
76561197975989342,Recommended,313160,23280619,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sapharion,Absolutely a must if your into farming . Its a really in depth game with a vocus on machinery when played on the highest level it can be frustrating but it's not easy being a farmer anyway and watch that time speed up or your crops will turn to mush before you can harvest .
,Recommended,313160,14138414,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GreenGangster01,This game is great! Tons of Great Mods!
,Recommended,313160,20148076,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,spn,Nice Game
,Recommended,313160,18701809,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Eccentric Satyr,"Farming Simulator 15 is a great game that captures the essence of farming. As a farmer in Canada I find that several aspects of the game are unrealistic or incomplete however for someone who is not a farmer or wants to see farming life in simple detail, this is a game for you.After playing for a while and thinking that this game could be better I found mods! If all you want is more machines then there are thousands of mods for you. However, I found the mods that added realism and gameplay elements that were missing from the base game and now I have an experience that is relative to what I believe a Farming Simulator should be.This game is not hard to learn and sometimes a little boring but it is worth the money."
,Recommended,313160,23524479,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Travis243,"got hooked on farming simulator 11 and now im on farming simulator 15. graphics have changed alot and i love the way they added more equipment without it being modded. if this is your first farming simulator game i suggest getting it, hands down one of the funnest games i play."
,Recommended,313160,23627855,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dead Manns Hand,"This is a pretty good game. Even though the gameplay is a little bit slow in the beginning, It'll eventually be high management of resources and trying not to drown in debt. You have to realize that you're playing a game simulating farming, by nature It won't be crazy. But in the end, it's good fun to sit down and view your vast empire of farming glory. In my own opinion, this game was a good investment."
76561198035586164,Recommended,313160,23664452,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BasedVentura,"this games cool, its hard and has a learning curve but it really has a feel to it thats unmatched. its homey and it really feels like a farm. once u learn it its awesome but still hard. Really fun with friends but can deff be played alone if in the right mood. hope this helps. peace."
76561198281087714,Recommended,313160,23712535,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,musky697,"Love the game,,, Have one major problem with it. I played the game for 138 hrs.  One day was playing and had to leave for a time (was back in an hour) and logged back in and it wouldn't load.  Suddenly I got a popup saying that I couldn't play because I didn't have the right shader for the game.  How is it possible to run a game for that long and only be gone an hour and then not play it.  So to those that want to play the game, make sure you have the right 3D shader for the game.   Have fun playing and enjoy."
76561198111860849,Recommended,313160,18338241,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Colicxd,OMFG! :OWhat do i say first? This gaem is amazing the effects that spot on farming exeriance! this game is a game that is so well set it smashes farming thought the park making your tome play a well spent time! i only bought this game about 10 hours ago and it is amazing!!!!! I Highly recommend buying 10/10 i would buy it again!!! :)
,Recommended,313160,21672732,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Christi_Star,"Some wierd glitches, but it is really fun."
76561198192139087,Recommended,313160,21524232,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr Grumpy,I  really like this game such a good time waster. And lots of fun and it is worth paying extra for farming sim gold.
,Recommended,313160,21091114,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kyle,"Luv the game so much, there is so much to do, also, if anyone wants to play and has got skype or teamspeak, add me as a friend and we could play some. :)"
,Recommended,313160,20100588,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Vertorx,Its so bad! I CAN'T STOP!!! :O
76561198083506919,Recommended,313160,25094100,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TeaBagAbearTrap,as real as you can get it best farming game out there until FS17
76561198084301015,Recommended,313160,23763341,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jls6779,Game is extremely fun.  Bought it to have something to do when I get bored of other games I play and I have become addicted to it.  Only down side is it can be hard to get placeable items right where you want them.  But other than that I have yet to find a issue with the game at all.
,Recommended,313160,20862331,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Skittles,"This was a surprise of a game - deceptively difficult and easy at the same time.I like it a lot (I think because of the management...) BUT you need to be patient. Not everyone will enjoy this I think, need to like time management and an interest in farming wouldn't hurt... either that or be bored out of your mind - fair warning however, you will get addicted!Difficult:-Unless you wiki some useful buttons or press your keyboard randomly you don't know everything that helps (or you forget from the tutorial.) eg. 3 is for cruise control, i is for information on crop demand, growth etc, p is for purchases.-Sell vehicles etc at the shop not through the purchase menu you use when you press p in the middle of a paddock.-Understanding quick ways to earn money eg. forestry with a small loan (well... 60000ish in normal).Easy:-Forestry. Take out that loan, buy a chainsaw and a trailer with claw to pick up those trees and get cutting! Quick way to earn cash while your hired workers seed the fields and harvest them!-Sell a spare tractor from the get go.-Sell spare crops in the Silo for quick cash.-Pretty much automated system by hiring workers to do most of the dirty work."
76561198012073818,Recommended,313160,21225156,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,wilamanjaro,get it and i will personally come to your farm and help out n show you how its done
76561197989413948,Recommended,313160,24570234,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,thutch,"Wow, fantastic sim of all the vehicles.  I have spent so much time on my farm I know every hill, every, tree, every blade of grass and pile of dirt.  I know when my crops will be ready, when the harvestor will be done, when the cultivator needs to be readied ...  Not bad considering I have lived my entire life in a big city.There is a large selection of vehicles to purchase and they can all be operated manually, or hire a worker to operate it for you.  Buy more land to expand your farm or try raising sheep or cows.Be sure to check out the youtube clips for gameplay or tutorials.The modders are incredible.  I couldn't survive without Glance and Courseplay to monitor and control my fleet.  GPS is also great when you want to drive in a straight line.  Placeable seeds and fertilizer, amazing, I love you guys.  Pallet mover is a joy, but only available on modded maps, come on Giant, get those pallets moving.Uh oh, gotta run, the manure is piling up."
76561198055394232,Recommended,313160,24354955,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Keiran,"Excellent game, very enjoyable straight out of the box. The modding community for Farming simulator are second to none, they make some fantastic and very detailed vehicle models and maps to keep the game fresh until the next release . Highly recommended game !"
76561198310853296,Recommended,313160,24381904,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,aiden121103,give this game a workshop and 1000's of more people will play please thanks...
76561198249195292,Recommended,313160,20077581,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Paradajz on vacation (R.I.P),farming:D
,Recommended,313160,14711383,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Sebbeleb,Great simulator! Lovin it
,Recommended,313160,21403140,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,Have you farmed in MMORPGs?It's how farming should be.
,Recommended,313160,20959579,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Dianaruuu,10/10 would farm again.
76561197984592410,Recommended,313160,21368991,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,thansen1983,Just farmed for 2 hours without saving. Game crashed!!! Back to zero. Ragequit for tonight... But I will be back. The fact that I just spent 2 hours plowing a field says it all about this highly addictive game!
,Recommended,313160,17039708,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SOPyke97,its a fun game
,Recommended,313160,17293771,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zakmoonbeam,Looking for a slower pace of life? Fed up with the constant stress of shooting people for resources? Why not try the gaming equivalent of prozac !For a more in depth review check outhttp://zakmoonbeam.hubpages.com/hub/What-is-Farming-Simulator-2015
76561198063251453,Recommended,313160,17162169,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MeGusta,Best game ever
76561198176900289,Recommended,313160,16458526,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,michaelc855,Pretty good
,Recommended,313160,13719900,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SafiyUllah95,great farming game best farming game and way better then 2013
76561198169411197,Recommended,313160,16942651,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Trainman876,I love it. When you get the game look for a server named drakes farm co. i came up with a rank system
76561198078419543,Recommended,313160,14036669,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,WildRose,"Great game with alot to do! It's easy to play vanilla and make it realistic if you have a great imagination. If you can get a friend or a few friends to join a multiplayer game, you'll have tons of fun! Love the Farming Simulator series. Hope they keep getting better!"
76561198148415633,Recommended,313160,17904312,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,OfficerGray,I love this game and the trailer.
,Recommended,313160,15526523,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Acehigh112,"Amazing how many hours you can sink into managing your farm! Large amounts of vehicles and approaches to managing the map. Throw in the massive mod community and this game has huge playability. If you like farming, this is definitely a must have game!"
,Recommended,313160,14382641,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Noobster,"Love this game as i loved all the other game's in this Farming Simulator serie's.... But this one is a bit moore like the ^old^ mods where on fs13, but a great game for little boys and tractor maniacs :D"
,Recommended,313160,12806610,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Groveinator,I can't stop farming. My family has starved to death. I don't know what to do with myself anymore. Send help.11/10 would farm myself to death again.
,Recommended,313160,13881149,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Death_SpecteR,Simulates Farming!
,Recommended,313160,12815420,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[TST] Timmah,"Fantastic Improvement on the previous release. New textures, improved equipment, added functionality in the form of woodcutting. Brilliant addition to the Farming Simulator franchise!You'll throw hours of your life into this game without realising it!"
,Recommended,313160,12769166,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,UniuM,"Forgot to put weight on tractor, now i have a vertical sculpture in the middle of the field that looks like a green tractor upside down.In two days, 22h played.... profit!10/10"
76561197978481609,Recommended,313160,14800257,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,janco78,Loads of fun and time to spend :)
,Recommended,313160,14906911,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Captain_Madmut,great way to move foward on the giants range much time vanished when playing this game building up my farming empiremust buy.
,Recommended,313160,15461017,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Staff 'The Slope Smasher',"Have lost many Friends since ""Dr.Jebus is playing Farming Simulator...""10/10 Would plow through friends list again!The mods are great and strangely this game just does it right and gets you, out aside your preconeptions and dive into managing your very own farm with a tycoon type power for those of you who must get that next thing or even finsh the game!1st Steam game to get 100% Archivements on... 1st out of 500 isn't bad!"
,Recommended,313160,15806660,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TrevorM98,needs more small equipment for smaller farms but other than that good game9/10
76561198112726140,Recommended,313160,12695491,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Albin Jordell,"I can not play mp. "" no connection could be established to the multiplayer game"""
76561198120886406,Recommended,313160,12832181,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kasarins,"Good game so far, few bugs and crushes, but its still playable. just keep save game a lot  in case of some ""Cheese"" :D"
76561198128916535,Recommended,313160,15316584,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Farmer josh3 Modding,best farming simulator ever keep up the good work giants
76561198180662019,Recommended,313160,15287400,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,waterside7,best game ever
,Recommended,313160,14259586,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,clemsonopoly94,"I love this game. It is very casual and way better graphics than 2013. I just wished, as helpful as it is, the Freight Line wasn't as OP as it is. It is hard not to go there because the money you get from it is so much greater than any other place... The forestry aspect is really intresting."
76561198089088598,Recommended,313160,16488474,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Farmer,Love this game I farm in real life and this comes really close to the real thing.
76561198119756047,Recommended,313160,16915901,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Aoultur,May have little hours on this game but oh my barley color me impressed. This game makes me wet everytime i play it. Definitely buy this with a friend or more... If you have some... ITS GREAT
76561198034386765,Recommended,313160,16888693,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Plough69,A brilliant game which has outdone the previous version. Would definetly reccomend.
76561198047158595,Recommended,313160,17887188,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Son of Kyuss,"A rather hands-on sim that has some nice graphics.  If you like driving lots of tractors and doing most of the work yourself, this is the game for you.  Missions are stale so most of the fun of the game involves trying new aspects."
,Recommended,313160,16770921,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Endeus,"It's difficult to explain the appeal of this game, especially when I don't entirely understand it myself. I'm not a grind-gamer by nature, so it's a mystery as to why I will sit for hours on end, drinking coffee and grinding away at fields.If your on the fence, buy it in a sale. Otherwise play the rrp, its going to be worth it."
76561198073358691,Recommended,313160,16773180,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nightfalcon007,Very fun game! Very similar to the last one but with better physics and graphics!
76561198067832466,Recommended,313160,18743738,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,PaddyMag,10/10 Would Bang
,Recommended,313160,18676621,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,electrofaro,"This game is fun; it does what it says it is: simulating farming. For those people who actually dislike this: what did you expect? No goals? I've been playing Flightsim for decades, and what might be the goal of that? Graphics bad? I play on a 5 year old notebook without issues, graphics are like GTA in a way. So there is room for improvement, but which game doesn't have that? For the time being I am going to enjoy this!"
76561198164627650,Recommended,313160,18770524,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,John McWade,"I love this game. Out of all the games I play, I play this one the most. Very easy to use and understand. The maps look amazing. I purchased all the available DLC's and they are all great. It's a very quiet, relaxing game to play. I highly recommend it to all ages. I run it on iMac OSX on full graphics turned up and I get a steady 60+fps. By the way, iMac OSX users and PC users can play together on multiplayer, I get asked that qustion all the time.If anyone would like to ad me as a friend to play some multiplayer together please add me.Cheers"
76561198107678440,Recommended,313160,19461176,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,johnny hotsauce,"i enjoy this game immensely.  i think you can see others do as well by the amount of hours they've spent on it. if you don't understand why, that's ok- i laughed at the idea of ever playing it once too... now i understand."
76561198132303075,Recommended,313160,20369870,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CookieCookie101 [SSC-NM],About the best farming simulator yet. so much to do with feeding cow's and sheep. getting eggs selling wool and getting grass bleand for cow's so much fun on multiplayer. some times it's has glitches but it's funny when it happens.
,Recommended,313160,27855198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[UKRP] Kris,This is a very well developed game! I +1 this for anybody who is looking for a good simulator to play!
76561198277508796,Recommended,313160,28988609,Posted: 3 January,all,(BLT) Rigid Modding,I love this Game Me and my buddys play it for hours on end defintley a good game for fs beginners
76561198257889098,Recommended,313160,25868506,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,floridagen,I'ts a good game but there is no snow
,Recommended,313160,29328872,Posted: 17 January,all,emily.rich81,Nice and awesome game..  I love to play it with friends.
,Recommended,313160,25734242,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The99Reddragon5®,you want wheat?? i sell i sell come come just how much you need my price $800/t
76561198069403081,Recommended,313160,25559231,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,jdguil,This isn't a game. Its a lifestyle.
,Recommended,313160,25518723,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,EG | Blue,Farming simulator 15- Pros. great game. easy to set up test farms. Tutorial is really good-Cons. steering sensitivity way to high.  not enough options-OverallGreat game and fun to play only a few glitches but the fun just blocks that. works for serious and casual gamers.-Personal Rating9/10 [few glitches nocked it down]
,Recommended,313160,24499582,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Matt Keelock,"if the game came to pass alone - it is better not worth it and buy, but for joint action, it is quite suitable"
,Recommended,313160,24702567,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AYE-ScottishGaming,very nice game here massive improvements from the last farming simulator game. i have plenty of hrs working on my farm growing my crops to make more money to buy the best machines to make even more money. the graphics are amazing and with the addition of the tree cutting and tree plantation it gives so much more to do in the game if you fancy a change from your crops :-) lets see what they come with in the new farming sim soon. a cert 8/10 game :-)
76561198057356671,Recommended,313160,19488580,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,OldMan,John Proctor: Yes. I plow on Sundays.
76561198123534566,Recommended,313160,19444935,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,VamWam,I laughed at everyone for playing this game then I bought it now everyone is laughing at me. I cant stop playing!
,Recommended,313160,19440692,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SlavicKnight,"Realistic as hell!! Being someone who was raised on a farm with crops and cattle, I can vouch for this game, you can interact with some of todays best machinery! And it has lots of the major processes that you see in modern farming. Even thought I haven't played this the 80+ that the other commenters do, I still feel as if I should at least write a review. It's easy to get the hang of, it's easy to do stuff. It's just simple, clean, and fun. This is one of my favorite games of 2015, next to Fallout 4. I hope you enjoy this as much as I do."
76561198253552461,Recommended,313160,20041186,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,fan of laurenzside,i love all the mods u can get
76561198027624267,Recommended,313160,20810699,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,pickle rick,such great much farm  many wow
,Recommended,313160,20491293,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WinnieWangekneif,Actually its the best simulation game ever
76561197989786454,Recommended,313160,20849139,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Wisely,A Good game! If you like Dota2 you'll love farming simulator!
76561198142839134,Recommended,313160,21568646,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Jake Carter,gf says: want to come to bed im feeling horny.me: one min babe30mins latergf:babe whats taking so long wtf get of that game.me: sorry babe its my wife.gf: laughs and somehow forgives meThis result may not happen to u dont buy it.But buy it if u liking managament and machinery and it has mod support and not a busy sex life.
,Recommended,313160,23597674,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,IceHeaD™,"When i download the game i could't start the game, i reinstalled the game 2 times and then i tryed to start agen 2-3 times and it works now, so if you have this problem you can try this. good luck sorry for my bad english :D"
76561198165997568,Recommended,313160,24480604,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Rogue gamer,its feckin awsome
76561198170190153,Recommended,313160,21878510,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,hi,Best game ever most fun i ever had but even better with mods
76561198284821892,Recommended,313160,24029577,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DarthSmoochie,"I got this game and have never played it. I think, I could give it a shot or watch Sailor Moon reruns. Sailor Moon usually wins."
76561198110934995,Recommended,313160,25703534,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Enos,I made canola to make canoli's
76561198078698937,Recommended,313160,25795671,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ghost,Got To make dem balez
76561198205426072,Recommended,313160,25796900,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Robotron,This game is a wery good and funny game.😀
76561198085601254,Recommended,313160,23700203,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Scorcher,Farming Simulator is so amasing folk songs should be written for it!
,Recommended,313160,24546669,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Voxel,Now I can do what everyone else does outside.
76561198275528376,Recommended,313160,23805106,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,c_l_buck,good graphics and can mod the game but sometimes has xml problems
76561198264601209,Recommended,313160,24493883,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,goononfire,good games
76561198150321328,Recommended,313160,21330248,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Captian Westwood,"I would definitely recommend this game I played about 150 hours on the Playstation 4 version solo which was a lot of fun although I would only recommend buying the Gold Edition and JBC dlc as I have all dlc on the PS4 but only used gold and JBC equipment. I convinced a friend to buy it on PC and it is even more fun in multiplayer.If you buy this game in a sale you will be getting a massive bargaining, well worth buying but it can get a bit addictive but it is also a game you will keep coming back to.A very good well made game."
76561198017096698,Recommended,313160,15247043,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,rdkjaer,"It's a great game with tons of gameplay hours to it. Once you feel like you've tried it all, then have fun downloading new tractors, combines, equipment, etc. from the community's (and there's a lot of those) Also try out new maps made from other players, OR even start building your own maps and equipment. The possibilities are pretty much endless and therefor it's a great value game for your money in my opinion.I was afraid it would be a bit boring ""just"" to drive tractors and harvest, but the reality is, there's so much more to this game and it can actually be quite a challenge some times.It's 100% up to the player how much you want from this game, because of all the mods that is avaible to you from the community's.I would have liked to see more tractors and equipment build into the game from the beginning, but that's pretty much the only bad thing I got to say about it at this point. ohh yeah... and that chopping down and / or removing trees are a pain in the *** lol.The game get's 9 out of 10 from me ;-)"
76561198124186288,Recommended,313160,15257422,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,skynyrd47,More depth than farming simulator 13 alot better graphics its just now getting good with alot of private mods being made public. Mods make this game it would be really dull without them. Thank you modders
76561197962936672,Recommended,313160,15263452,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CaptainKirkUK,"I have been a happy farmer since the release of Farming Simulator 2013. Having played Farming Simulator 2015 for sometime since it's release some 196 Hrs and I have not even started on the forestry part of the game, but now started to put together some equipment to venture into the world of forestry while waiting for crops to grow....I recommend this game but be warned it is addictive and I spend far too many hours in the country side... The new DLC JCB looks quite good and will be adding when and if I need it? Happy Gaming"
,Recommended,313160,15268723,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MostlyGhostie,"Best game I've ever played. Here's why;Overview:This installment of the Farming Simulator series was my first, and by look at what people have to say, it also seems like it's the best. The game offers some tutorials, which is always nice, and gives you two maps to start your career on. They seem to feature specific areas; one is for logging, the other is for farming. These are not requirements on the map, of course you could do the complete opposite on each.Pros:-Tons of vehicles and gadgets-Easy joystick/gamepad/steering wheel support, along with easy control editing-Lots of 'fruit' types to farm-Animals are awesome-Slight 'easter eggs' found throughout the map-Great graphics if your rig can handle it*-Loads of mods to installCons:-Trying to get the logs into your carrier can be impossibly hard, even with a joystick. I reccomend two joysticks.-Weather comes on quite fast, and the rain looks weird, but it does wash your vehicles so...-The double-hinged tractors and wheel loaders behave quite strange and look weird when turning if the player is using a keyboardVERDICT:I am going to give this game a 9.5/10. I really enjoy sandbox games like these, so if you do too, then I strongly suggest making this purchase.*Some mod's textures cannot be changed using the Game's graphics settings, and are on default on 'Very High' setting. This is only for some mods, and is only a problem if you are using a low end machine."
,Recommended,313160,15245814,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Keary S.,I LOVE THIS GAME!  GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME!  HANDLING IS AWESOME!  THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
76561198170029225,Recommended,313160,15254428,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Jimbob,"Whenever a new farming simulator game or any game like this comes out people click on it and say wow that looks fun, and then immediatly say wait this game is dumb i will get bored in sixty seconds. Everyone is wroung. This game will last days and days its really fun and way different than old games."
,Recommended,313160,21848239,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Hardtruck1,"Hello Hardtruck1 hereI would like to tell you all about a game that i really love to playit is Farming Simulator 15I have been playing this game for some time now and it is a very good gameand here is what i think of it.likes:1. it is a very well put together game about farming and with a little lagging as well.2. it dose a good job of giving you a real senes of being on the farm and really working the land.3. altho it dose not give you the full aspect of farming, it dose however give you a really good idea of what we, yes i mean we i'm a farmer in real life, go througt on the farm.and finally 4. some of the more better qualities that farming simulator 15 gives is the large variety of vehicles that come with the game and that it can have, if you so desire, mods.but now for the downfalls of the game:1. although the game is very well thought out, there are a number of things that, well could have been better, one being the graphics could be a bit on the greener side, so to speek, the grass looks like some thing from home depot and the field textures look like they where pulled out of a story book, so not lovin that.2. the next thing is the physics of the game are, well not what i would have hope to see, the physics are, in a way, just like farming simulator 2013, there is really no major difference beteen them, fs13 had some of the craziest physics i'll say, but although the developers did manage to correct some of those with fs15, it's seems that some of the issues with 13 have made there way in to 15.and 3th. the lack of realism in some of the vehicles and lack of realistic details in the way of steering, gearing and other areas that where really disappointing to say the least,so overall there are good and there are bad things about the gamethe good: is that it is a very good way to experience farming with out having to go to a farm that in some places can be rather far.the bad: is that although the game dose give you the farming experience, it falls far from the real thing.so ""Would I Recommend this game""Answer: Yes, but keep in mind that although this game says simulator it dose not match the real thingI give this game a 4 out 5Hardtruck1"
,Recommended,313160,20023008,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SneakyVids,"This game is by far the best simulation game I've played. Now that I have made the move to PC I can finally improve things that were lacking in this game on console. The game overall is just really fun and accurate to real life. Playing this game solely with dlcs and the base contents, I feel that giants should have created some bigger vehicles for some of the tasks at hand. The dlcs were great but as people always say, ""bigger is better"" and that's my only complaint. Maybe in the future they will add bigger better vehicles and implements. If not, that's fine, thats what mods are for on PC, to improve the experience and broaden the horizons."
76561198190623554,Recommended,313160,18528690,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ghost Killer,"LOVE IT!!! i saw a youtuber named Keralis play it, and i instantly fell in love. my best memory on it was when i went into debt on day one because i hired a worker to plow my field and i let it run through the night. i took out so many loans from the bank. now, on the same map, im at 2 billion dollars. moral of it, its so fun. i may have 2 billion dollars, but i still have stuff to do in the game. and with the new DLC coming out, ill be busyfor a while. i cant wait till the next one.but be warned, its a little time consuming until you get enough money to hire workers and you wan walk away without worrying about going into debt. when you get above about 500k, you are probably ableto do that."
,Recommended,313160,13061538,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,(CDN) iceman,awsome game....
,Recommended,313160,14537872,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jr28053,BEST GAME EVER. LOVE THAT YOU CAN LOG AS WELL.
76561198084089604,Recommended,313160,23642487,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,murphybutt123,if you have nothing to do this is a good game for you
,Recommended,313160,32958932,Posted: 28 June,all,⭕Live 4 L V™,"You can see much different in this game from older Farming Simulators. Everything has changed. Well, almost everything... There are many the same tractors. Of course, bugs, bugs and bugs.some mods aren't working. The game sometimes want to crash... But... If you don't have FS17, you probably will have fun there."
76561198037331088,Recommended,313160,22047969,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,stowed4sea,"This is a game/series that I always return to when I'm feeling stressed and need relaxing. It is a perfect combination of management(if you want to hire out help) and escalation as you build from a small farm up to one busting at the seams. The name explains most of the game, I don't really need to go into detail.  The only caution I would state is that for farmers, the game simplifies things. For example, the vanilla game has no reason to not drive on crops and makes planting as simple as following the combine with a planter as there are no seasons and no soil quality.Don't see those as negatives though, the simplification is nice and makes the game a relaxing tractor driving game. It is all about farming and forrestry (if that's your thing) and while it isn't a true simulation, it is fun by itself.While I would still buy the game by itself, it has a wonderful mod community and this is where the game really shines.I was turned off from mods for a long time because I couldn't find any good ones. Trusted websites that have very good QA likeFS-UK.comare few and far between.FS-UK.comis the only one I know of that tests every mod in depth for errors and glitches and makes that report publicly visible.  I highly recommend only using mods from either that website, or from a trusted modder that routinely puts out good work. There are many unrealistic/glitchy mods that are not worth the time and it can be frustrating to sift through them.  When new to the game, it can be overwhelminly depressing.I recommend starting at FS-UK if you are new, and branching out from there.  It is also an active community with a wonderful suggestion forum for finding quality work not featured on that website.  Sorry if it seems a plug for FS-UK, but just trying to save those new to the hobby some trouble. There are many great mods outside of FS-UK, but I didn't find FS-UK until I'd been playing for years, so wanted to save new players the same frustration I had."
,Recommended,313160,13555421,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Adam Christmas,this game is epic
76561197962207424,Recommended,313160,15101090,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,fatsoferret,"I never thought that farming could be fun, then I played Farming Simulator...."
,Recommended,313160,19370921,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Volkswagenman3,It's a great game for someone who likes agriculture like me.
,Recommended,313160,20158216,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Crash Nebula,Crop till you drop. 9/10
,Recommended,313160,14757691,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,dLiSh,"Do you like to waste your time playing a game in which you will want tractors waste money and farm as much as possible see more tractors buy them and be stuck in very small fields, THEN THIS IS FOR YOU!All joking aside great game many fun on multiplayer!"
,Recommended,313160,20143932,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,WrathOfNaan,I never thought I would like a game like this but i'm addicted now.  Graphics and very good and being able to use AI as extra workers allows you to manage a larger farm.  I definately will be buying the next version when it is released.
76561198152423071,Recommended,313160,17377007,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Skullfire165,the best farming sim can't wait for the next !!
76561198233545076,Recommended,313160,19887591,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kai.bouwman,good game but you have to be patient with it.
,Recommended,313160,19829183,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,☺C0MB4T☺,a very good game if your looking for something that you can enjoy while relaxing in a lazy boy recliner or just had a bad day at work all the farm noises are almost soothing in a way anybody who likes minecraft type games this game is for you definitely! :)
76561198065862961,Recommended,313160,19332859,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,harding.tj,"Wow ... more than 800 hours played ...This game and it predecessor (fs 2013) are both awesome. A relaxing therapeutic respite from the crazy urban world we live in daily. I must confess that I grew up on a farm, so I also find the gameplay pleasantly nostalgic. ^_^With an amazing modding community behind it, you will never lack for something new to try.If you have a nurturing nature, a green thumb, or want to, then I think you would find this game incredible also.Happy farming ! !"
,Recommended,313160,12866420,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,The Welshman,amazing game much improvment from the last realeases many hours have gone by playing this game
76561198089899109,Recommended,313160,12866733,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,lroghair,i dont know why its not working i tryed to redownload it so i dont know what to do and i just bought this game maybe a half hour ago and it just stops running for somereason and goes to a fuzzy gray screen HELP!! and i LOVED 2013 but i would love to get this game working have waited forever to actually get 2015
,Recommended,313160,12862692,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,onwee,"I never thought I would like this game. Really? Farming? Simlation? Yeah...that's cool.Well I have enjoyed this version. I have only played 2013 before, and I didn't play it for very long. This version is much better, it's nice to have the polished look beause when you get a new tractor it's more ""baddass"".The new forestry is fun at first, but it's not very practicle. You have to load the trees, haul them and unload them to sell them. It's fun if you are playing multiplayer, drunk, and laughing at how bad you suck at it. Even if I mastered loading logs I don't see it as a practicle way to make money in the game.I find it fun to organize my farm and make sure I try everything. I'm not a fan of the time it takes to get money initially, so I recommend easy mode to start. Play that for a bit, but I'll be honest--I cheated and gave myself 5 million dollars and the game was a lot more fun from there. Normally I'm against cheating, but the game opens up when you have options on what to do.Recommend, it has consumed two weekends. Play with a few people you know and the fun is amplified."
76561198075041134,Recommended,313160,12864148,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TBKxLegit,"If your looking for a realistic farming sim, then farming simulator 15 is the game, with the new physics engine it makes it feel even more real then last years."
,Recommended,313160,12878645,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,erks :PP,"First,when my friend bought fs15 then i was omg a farming game he is a idiot,but when he said,try it in my account then i was okay.When i started the game it was so amazing so awsome it was fun and♥♥♥♥♥♥next day i bought it also and we having fun with my friend :).So recommend this so much D:"
,Recommended,313160,12853035,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dr.xxL,"I always wanted to work on a farm this is as close as i can get for now :) there is one thing that i don't like about 15, It feels like 13 just with some mods, That being said i have played it for 10+ hours in 3 days so it is a good game i just wish they would add some more stuff. 7/10"
76561198049363959,Recommended,313160,12878347,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,niten57,"First off, I'd like to say that it is still the great game it has ever been and I would recommend it to anyone. Having said that, I want to say that it is somewhat of a let down. I have played this game from the very first one and it keeps getting better but I was expecting more. The new grafics aren't good enoght to make a differance. Some, like the fence around the chicken area is just plain bad. The one thing they added that I really wanted was rearveiw mirrors that actually reflect what is behind you, but all you can see is the ground and there is no way to adjust them. They added new equipment but there is a lot less of it now. I don't even want to get started about the new PDA screen (I don't know what else to call it). But it sucks.One thing I was hopeing they would fix was the information screen that pops up across your screen while your trying to drive. But with this new thing it's even worse.All in all, it's still the great game it was but not what I was hopeing it would be. I will keep playing and hope for some great updates and mods. Most of the mods for this game are great and add so much to the game. Keep up the good work guys."
76561198025366747,Recommended,313160,12868090,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DaKakeIsALie,"This game is awesome. I have logged 60 hours in this game already (albiet, I left the game afk but not paused from about 6pm to 3pm the next day accidentally).The logging is a little bit broken when it comes to prices. You can buy Fir trees (huge trees that the scorpionking can actually harvest) for $7,000, and place them (like the wind turbines, bee hives etc) right next to the logging depot. You bring your scorpion king over there, rip the whole tree from the ground, and drag it (not even bothering to limb or section it) and kabam you get ~$80,000 for it. SImply spend that on 11 more trees and presto infinite money without modifying the save.Other than that the only complaint I have is that the NPC cars are immovable. As in you can hit them at 50 MPH and they dont budge. (I always loved picking them up and tossing them into the river in FS2011) For something really funny, buy the Semi-Truck and the Low Loader trailer. Open the back ramp, and back the trailer up to a NPC car like you are going to load it in. Back as far as you can, so the ramp is wedged under the car. Press 'X' to fold up the ramp, and it will lift the whole truck into the air like it has massive hydrolics. If you press 'X' over and over carefully, then press 'Q' at the perfect time, you can throw your Semi-Truck pretty far.Don't get me wrong, I love this game. I never bought FS13, and this game is several orders of magnitude better than  FS2011"
,Recommended,313160,17843873,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Death,"It's a great game for compaign but I myself like to engage online but unfortunatly the pair function they use to share data online is very annoying. Sometimes, if you're lucky, the server you're playing on doesn't have many connections going at once which allows you to play comfortably. If you're unaware with what I'm referring to then let me explain.When you're playing on a server and someone connects, the entire server freezes and waits for them to connect. The connection time varies on the connecting parties internet connection which is usually 30 seconds up to 2 minutes. This is VERY annoying."
,Recommended,313160,19684150,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SpazeMan,"Have not played so much farmsimultor before just tested the older games, They have come long for how many functions they have put into the different vehicles.A chill game.Dlc's, worth to buy.. if your a fan ""boy"" of this game for shure to support the developers.The physics is decent but not as good as it should have been. specialy when comes to the timber part and how metal flex.Bought a few off the dlc's, the gear in it looks good with fine details, but then again the physics when driving with timber you have to crawl with the tractor for preventing the timber to slide of, if you got several tons of timber on a trailer made for timber it does not move, at least not from the accelraition or so from a tractor on a tarmac road. Think they could have put more into the addons like cargo gets strapped on to the trailer when driving like you would do in real life to, it is a simulator. And for the metal that is flexible specialy on cranes on the lumber machine or trailers a bit disapoiting.but for the good part you can chose what you like to farm and harvest and so."
,Recommended,313160,19938712,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Replicators,"This game can be very addicting, and people are not joking when they say it will take away your life. There is so much to do, and it shines the best when you have a group of people you can trust helping you, because you will be coordinating with eachother to get the job done."
,Recommended,313160,19924195,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,timmy,"Im not big on simulator games at all, I don't own any except for Farming Simulator 2015.  I have never worked on a farm, raised chickens or a cow.  I think I only wore overalls when I was a kid and my parents dressed me.  Needless to say that farming or simulator games aren't normally my flavor of game.  It seems most people who wrote reviews of this game have similar stories, just bought it to check it out when it was on sale.  I can't seem to stop playing this game though.  My two young boys LOVE watching all the farming equipment move around and watching grain spit out of a harvester.Game includes items that I have no idea what they do and some research had to be done on my part to figure out whats going on.  The tutorial is good in that it briefly shows you how to use the machines, which is good.  But when you hit the store, its hard to plan out what to buy.  I noticed that some equipment doesn't work with some tractors.  To harvest corn vs. wheat, you may need a different combine front attachment.  Lets just say that this game is super in-depth and its easy to work the equipment, but difficult to know the specific equipement does and plan out what you want to plant in what field.  Do you plant only one crop in many fields? Or to play the market and sell only when the sell price is high and therefore have to plant multi crops in multi fields?Since I don't have any other sim type games to compare or experience in farming I can't really give a numbered rating but I will say that its for sure worth the money.  Its fun to sit back and watch the money roll in and buy some awesome looking tractors to make your job easier."
76561198181153013,Recommended,313160,19760284,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,HEYZEUS,Fun addition to my library.  More like a tractor and implement simulator.Got better with free add on from the community.  Like that I can de-stress and just ride in the tractorfor a while.
76561198090254932,Recommended,313160,19564295,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Johnnoq,I grew up on a farm and i hated helping. I never knew it could be so much fun to do :DThis game is amazing (and addictive)
,Recommended,313160,19659799,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,=A= Umrhe,"I have to admit, it's a fun game. Multiplayer with friends is just fun. Still can't believe it."
,Recommended,313160,35236365,Posted: 26 September,all,Shazam,I now know I don't have a life.
76561198089301974,Recommended,313160,35241755,Posted: 27 September,all,✪Hrckenzi✪,good game
76561198043499372,Recommended,313160,34997944,Posted: 16 September,all,dany_dnc,"the best game for farming,i whait to make a disccount to farming simulator 17 to play that game,"
,Recommended,313160,18172327,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Major Ocelot,"I love this game right now.... it's a lot of fun but would be terrible without mods.  Kinda of a copy & paste kind of game, not much substance.  One has to have a good imagination to keep the game going.I wanted a time killer that was rather hands free.. . I got what I wanted and then some.  Have come from an industrial, heavy equipment background, it took me less than a 2 days to master this game.  Its big downfall is the logging system... the graphics engine and the coding makes it impossible to grab and hold on to pieces of wood.  All clamps should be redesigned from scratch... once the log is in the clap, it should stay there until you release the clamp, right now they are never tight in the clamp.  I have worked with every type of clamp in the game and others not in the game.The best way to deal with the log and bale clamp problem is to make them like a tractor attaches to an implent... but for log clamps, have the capability to attach up to 3 mid sized logs or two large ones... that's what you get normally.  For bales, make it so they ""snap in palce"" once stacked.  I used to stack bales and they don't spazz out when touching another bale.-Employees I think should be called robo-control... because I am not sure employees can be this stupid, the AI could be a lot better when using train type implements sowing fields.... only thing that comes to mind is to leave a dog tied up in the back yard.... yeah it can get real gnarly.-Lacks in structures, parking garages, cars, trucks, wood chippers, skidders, etc...-Amazing freedom!  I got a quad mod and put it in the back of my pick up truck!-Fun to play even without mods but I personally would not like this game without mods.-No damage on vehicles... kinda odd in a simulator not to have damage... but I enjoy it.-After spending a good portion of my life in the woods, last thing I want to do is fight with fisher price clamps.-Best hand free time killer money can buy right now.-Your game can keep going even when you alt-tab out - it's amazing at it!  Most games put you on start menu.-Perfect game for home businessmen who need to kill time.-It's not a game, it's a simulator.-Georgeous scenery.-Lacks accomplishments, I got most of them within a few days... could have gotten then a lot earlier too.-Power generation shouldn't be in this game... once you have 1 solar panel, game over, you don't need to do anthing else; makes the game too easy... or should only be allowed on easy mode.-Start Menu lacks big time!!  Need to add key config!!  Amazing key config options though.- Only mods I have are pick ups, a quad, a chipper and garages.-Game needs a float trailer, a real one, hauling a harvester sideways can be problematic... especially with the header on.-Fines and licenses could add to the fun.- I am a retired logger / trucker but also know how to build basic video games...-The BruksUn mod gets rid of trees in a sec, much better.In reality, most agricultural farmers are not loggers and vice versa.  An farmer would call a logger and split the profits 80/20 or whatever, I cvome from and live in a logging, stud milling and paper making area, if I made a logging game like this, I couldn't show my face up there anymore.This is the most fun I had playing a video game since I was a child playing Mario 1, 2, 3 for hours on end.... too where I get up and the first thing I want to do is play.  Yeah it's a boring game but it is what I was looking for and I got what I wanted.  Thank you for making such an amazing time killer!I still think logging makes this game terrible and should be its own game.  Some will deal with it because of passion but it was just grunt work for me.  I didn't buy this game to do grunt work.If anything, I hope the developers re-invent their logging because it has potential."
,Recommended,313160,27879774,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stockley👊🏻,This game is a farming game.
,Recommended,313160,12782027,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,infestedchris,"I would only recomend this game if you have NOT played the 2013 version of Farming Simulator. If you have not played FS2013, then I highly recomend buything this game. Do you need to buy 2013 to play FS15... no. And do not buy 2013 thinking you are going to have 2 completely different games, because you're not.Now with the negative part of this review. This is just my pet peves since I played the crap out of Farming Simulator 2013. And this is my personal opinion on the FS15 things that disappointed me.Same stuff from 2013. Nothing really has chaged. You start with 2 new maps. The graphics are updated a bit, and they added some cool visuals like dirt collecting on tires and the tractors get dirty too.This game is copy and pasted of all the farming equipment from 2013. Same plows, seeders, cultivators, tractors, and so on. I did not see any new tractors. They are the same ones from 2013. The new stuff I noticed is with the harvestors and the attachments, it seemed like they added a few more bigger and wider cutters for the harvestor. The only thing new is the logging equipment. (which I hear is a buggy at the this time).The menu is still the same. Got to change the graphics and settings before jumpping in the game. You can't change graphics in the middle of playing. There is bad screen tearing, which of course from the 2013 version had the same thing. This is where you have to go into the files of the game and modify the .txt file and change the vsync. Why they don't add that option in the menu, beats me. Game runs choppy on mid system like mine, but I play on max, and I get smooth game play, but sometimes when day and night cycles run on fast speeds, the shadows can chug the game.From playing the 2013 version, I felt like I played this game before. There was no effort into making an actual economy. Each vendor does the same thing from 2013. Some vendors will buy your crops much higher then everyone else no matter what, until someone else is doing a spike buy that is only temparary. These spikes pop up and tell you who is buying what item for higher premium. This is how the game is suppose to be played. Fill your silos with as much of every crop. Wait for the high demand of a certain item, then SELL SELL!. But here is the dumbest part of the game. You can farm 1 single item in the game that sells for way more money then any crop.Silage. It never spikes, but it never drops in price like the other crops. You get one flat rate for silage, and the game sets you up with enough money to buy everything you need to farm it too. The game gives you almost 200,000$ worth of crops in the silo's ready to sell. (That's on easy mode) on harder difficulty they buy the crops are a much lower rate then on easy. But this does not make the game harder. This only makes the game slower.You can farm how ever you want and still make money. But Silage is still way more profitable then crops. It almost defeats the purpose of the game, since it's called ""Farming Simulator"" not Silage simulator lol. But that is if you are trying to max profits the fastest way. If you want you can buy all the land spots and have so many tractors and hired workers all working in unison.I have not tried the logging equipment as of yet. I will update this review (if I can) and tell you what I think. But on the forums it pretty much is buggy and there are clipping issues with the logs and the log grabbers. I am sure it will get patched soon.Final conclusion. If you have bought 2013, there is really no need to play Farming Sim 15. It's the same game, doing the same thing just on a different map. There are a few new goodies, and the graphics are updated. But you feel like you are not buying a new game.If you have not played 2013. Dude, buy this game then. Seriously. Only 30$ and it's hours and hours of fun.If the creators would make a construction sim that would be so awesome. The one thing this game does right is the bull dozer and forklift mechanics are spot on. The controls feel good, and it feels good to control the forklift and load pallets on a flat bed. The game does have clipping issues when stacking these things on the flat bed. But it does a fantastic job with the controls of these machines. I really wish they would add more forklifts, and more bulldozers and cranes and all kinds of things. I wish you would get deliveries for chicken feed, and actually have to unload the trucks with the forklift and store it in your barn. That is why I like doing the sheep farming. Love loading pallets of wool and taking a full flat bed stacked so high to the vendor and seeing so much cash go in my bank.Anyway thanks for reading this long review."
,Recommended,313160,12731408,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TDM,"Farming Simulator 15 is what they promised. Better graphics and better physics. It's not visually stunning and the physics does not make you go ""HOOLY SHEE"" but it's still hours of fun and comes with a lot of equipment as well as 2 maps. On top of that, you can mod pretty much every aspect of the game!"
,Recommended,313160,21329062,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SorynOfficial©®,It is a game that means something to me every day and night I played this game and I really like.
,Recommended,313160,18561718,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,zamthos,"Reversing Simulator 2015. If you enjoy reversing and picking stuff up, this is the game for you. Also has unrealistic sprinting, you can sprint while crouched.10/10 pumpkins would reverse again.-IGN"
,Recommended,313160,14645738,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Seoge,"What a game..it may Monsterously Time Eating, Addictive, obsessive, being suffer from Insomnia....but it makes me happy when just looking machines working.rolling the tractors just satisfying.(in other hand, many bugs and script malfunction causing Trouble but... whatever....)Great game Giant. and keep the good work for make it better.ps. we want John deere official License!!give us that Pro-farmer!"
76561198196866613,Recommended,313160,23566685,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,debbiebagnall3,Best game iv ever played highly recommend to anyone
76561198109039061,Recommended,313160,14202592,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,67RoadMaster,"I have been play Farming Simulator since Farming Sim 2013 came out. As soon as I jumped into the game I noticed a huge difference in the graphics and animations. I also love how this game is highly modable so you can have endless hours of fun Farming or doing Forestry! I also love how the game has multiplayer so if I need help doing some chores on the farm, I can ask my friends to help!! This is a really fun game and highly recamend that you pick it up if you love Farming or Forestry!!"
,Recommended,313160,14349588,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Indianapolis Jones,"Farming Simulator has gotten sort of a bad rap as being just ""A Simulator"" over the years it's been around, however this isn't your average simulator. Unlike others this is made to a high quality and has a lot of neat features. The game does not have targets to shoot. You do not steal a combine and go on a rampage through the nearest busy city in it, the game is exactly what it advertises, to simulate the jobs done on a modern farm. The genre is not for everyone but as far as simulators go, this one is pretty darn good."
76561197992836818,Recommended,313160,15037260,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,danne77sthlm,"I play this game almost every day, but not in steam though, I had several hundred of hours in the 2013 versionThis one needs a new update for fixing and handling the trees and also to tend a bit more to the physics but it will get there and the mod scene is very good, when the SDK is released I expect the modders to make a lot of interesting stuffDont play the original maps to long, change, test and experience the modders maps, you will enjoy them far more!"
76561198039536689,Recommended,313160,15148937,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,The Jackal,"New DLC 'JCB' comes out tomorrow (April 2nd) Enjoy looks really good, there is a stump grinder which attaches to the front of your tractors raher than on the back."
,Recommended,313160,15164552,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,(V&R)GamerBR0_14,Getting this for Xbox One.
76561198111040932,Recommended,313160,15907399,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,eschlerc,"Farming Simulator is an engaging and interesting game that offers the ability to manage a farm with numerous different specialties. In general, I find that the game is more interesting in multiplayer mode when tasks can be delegated to friends rather than being set in a to-do list and possibly forgotten. After many hours of play, most of the work you do involves driving from place to place and monitoring the (more often than not) hopelessly myopic hired workers. Still, I highly recommend this as a great way to pass time if you are interested in simulators."
,Recommended,313160,14058586,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thebad300,"This is Farm Simulator 2015 by giant software. You can find it on steam for $29.99 (at the time this story was written) Being that I have spent many hours playing FS13 I was looking forward to FS15.Well first thing first! If you have played FS13 it will look and feel very much the same.  In fact many of the textures and buildings look like they came from FS13. It feels like a bit of a rewrite with a lot of the physics problems fixed and a few new features added, also adding new physics problems.First the ability to cut down trees and sell the wood to name one, though the placing of a full grown fur tree makes for easy money. (Via what i hope is a glitch.) The tree claws and grinder can be a bit buggy(new physics problem).Trees can have ghost limbs or fail to fall, adding to the bugginess of it.  You can’t get your forks under logs and there is no way to strap the logs down for transport. That means sometimes they fall off the truck and are hard to pick up. Aww the bugs got to love them.But with a drive-able pickup truck that does 54 mph. Helps to make up for the bugs. All the while making transporting tippers around the map a breeze. Npc cars though can be quite the nuisance. They will stop only mere inches from you and you cannot force them out your way (Pull hair out in frustration at this point while using the big sprayer).  Then to top it off you bounce off when you hit them at full speed I mean WTH is with that.Overall the game plays well and seems to run smooth, but can get laggy when lights are turned on.  I give over all game play 4 out of 5. They still need to fix some bugs with objects interacting together but this game should give you many hours of fun game play, by yourself or with friends in multi-player mode. And  please enjoy the gorgeous sky boxes.The game has some built in mod support. They are easy to find and install. These are just a few that I have found enjoy!!"
76561198090018802,Recommended,313160,23557106,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MR Tank,Nice fun time sink
,Recommended,313160,28509212,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,toerag,not abad family game
76561198077483490,Recommended,313160,15279765,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,mitche.peyton,"Love this game,graphics ,but the are not enough maps( 2 ). there are not enough mods either. the off market ones all use zip-files,which i don't like using, PLEASE up-date and work on improvements......"
76561198071763431,Recommended,313160,25315877,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,xXx_sex_haver_69_xXx,so good
,Recommended,313160,14059777,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dragona,great game been following all of them when they came out on simmarket and they all are fantastic
,Recommended,313160,12699509,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sir Naughtius Maximus,"Initial Impression:Pros:-Much improved graphics-Much improved UI-Forestry-Vehicles move faster and stear better than FS:2013 making it feel less tedious starting off.Cons:-More and less equipment available, depending on the section, moved all the teir 1 equipment, won't be that missed.-Reuse of maps in previous FS.Overall i recommend it and it's at a decent price as it feels quite polished!"
76561198060490412,Recommended,313160,18619314,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Comrade Communism,I'm an actual farmer... nuff said
76561198154407837,Recommended,313160,13209128,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,coxanthony1032,Very fun life consuming game..beautiful graphics compared to past versions.wish they would have made a new american map. my only gripe is that everything seems severly underpowed  when pulling anything up the smallest hills. i do like how they made the power requirements on implements more realistic. but it seems to make most equipment underpowered for alot of tasks that could easily be performed in real life..
,Recommended,313160,19893815,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Darth Plasma,"I absolutely love this game, best simulator out there! Intense detail (in a good way) and i almost never get bored of it. The greatest thing about it is you never have nothing to do, you can do pretty much anything you want! I rate this game a 10/10"
76561198027568934,Recommended,313160,12734468,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,(4SFG) Fastmadcow,"Its a great game what can I say, its my first farm sim (The other ones just didn't look that fun lol, but hey idk, didn't play'em)Good things about this game!1) Many ways to make money and farm2) The tractors are pretty easy to drive3) Hardly any bugs (I've only encounterd 1 so far)4) Theres automactic AI farmers that you can hire for your feild if you don't want to do it your self5) Physics are pretty good, no crashing when you hit stuff and don't spaz out or anythingNow the bad things about this game1) There is a couple of bugs, like not being able to dump a load of something at the mill2) Vehicles don't get damaged3) Most sounds are just loops, like 15 second loops or 5 second loops (Understandable I guess)4) The ground is pretty smoth, would be cool if they added more bumps and rougher ground on roads and such5)  If your not use to the controls it will take a while to get use to them and you will start out slow and fustrated at them."
76561198083719511,Recommended,313160,12745266,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pinnu,"Career good, but can't play multiplayer. Can someone help? Always i get error ""Connection could not be established to multiplayer game.""If someone can help, then add me to friendlist and help"
,Recommended,313160,12735287,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,kevin93,This game ist amaizing
,Recommended,313160,12919531,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MrBigras,"Well, it's basically the Arma of the Farm world.It's a farm simulator, which simulates a lot of things, but, doesn't go too deep into physics, not to the point of other titles like Spintires. Power is simulated, for example, your tractor have to be powerful enough to run an implement, and go up hills at the same time.Physics are bit wonky at time, mostly on multiplayer with bad pings.You also need some discipline to not put all the game settings on easy, fast growth, and make time go forward, otherwise you can just use passive to make the game run for 50 years and have enough money for everything.So, if you aren't too much into simulators, or don't like farming that much, this game will probably be a 6/10 for you, and you should wait for a sale to check it out. If you are into simulator, and into farming, then this will easily be a 9/10 for you. It's not bad, it's just a niche genre."
76561198315659996,Recommended,313160,24436420,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Flaming Viper,This is 1 of the best games i have ever played the grapics amazing and it has so much cool activities u can
76561197988464439,Recommended,313160,19160165,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Johnnyg_ro,Funny to play as a redneck :)
76561197972039165,Recommended,313160,12874804,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Penny Lee,"Great new changes from last version and a close call to say is it better than FS13, short answear is no, its missing to much that out weights the gains to a new engine with all FS13 current DLCs (not including mods).What I love in this new version:Machines getting dirty and you can cleanTrailer grain fill levels  filling up at different levels depending on where it is being filledCrisp, clean interface that scales with display, looks great at 1900x1200 or 5730X1200Chopping trees down with a chainsaw and selling or chippingDirt tracks on groundOverall partical effects like smoke and fogShop menu now neat and cleanLarge map overlay that pops down to a mini mapworkers can now fertilise cropsWhat I miss:Machines missing, at least they could have added more of the FS13 DLCsField autionsHerb gardenCrashing into cars, now its like hitting brick walls that will not moveBetter American map, current imported version has the wrong grass and dirt, missing forest ground details and no gold coins.Better selection of machines that scale up in price and roles, what is in FS15 does not scale like other versionsWhat i would like:More crops for seed or rootAt least some progress with the animals otherwise you might as well call this ""Vegetarian Woodcutter Simulator 15""Different levels of growth yield depending on type, like liquid fertiliser costs more but least yeild compired to solid manure is free and best yeild.  At the moment its all 100% yield gain. silly and lazy.Manual ignition for tractorsLights staying on with machines I leave to another machine.Main information menu remembering which screen I was on last I checked.Forest/trees you should harvest and growth levels on map, like the current growth information screenMore machinesand even more machines just to be sure10/10"
76561198282210759,Recommended,313160,33790834,Posted: 25 July,all,MяTι¢кℓєMєEℓмσ,"This game, well what can I say, is great!Even though I have only had the game for a few days now (with 20 hours game time), I have enjoyed it. Even though i am one of the less fortunate, to only be able to run this on low to med at 40-70 fps, bearing in mind that I have a i5 7400 with the basic Intel HD 630 Intergrated IGPU, this game still runs better than I thought it would.Another thing is that, this game is relaxing to play, but you need some patience, some of the farming of the fields takes hours to do, which I know, is for simulation value, but this is a game, and even setting for plant growth on fast, still takes a long time, but this does not make this game bad in any way.But, On the other hand, there is one issue, the Multiplayer, and the mods. Even though Giants Software have abandoned the modding for this game, half the time the mods do not work/ load into the game, and no, not because of Coding errors, they just wont, it seems to be mainly the map mods that do this, as my friend has experienced trying to use the Thornton Map Mod, for FS2015, it will not appear in the Mods section for the game, which is quite frustrating.Overall I believe that this game is good for its age now, of almost 3 years old, this game does not have the Online community it used to have, due to them moving over to FS2017, also this is a good bargain in the Steam sale, I got the Gold Edition for Only £7.59, when it is normally £24.99, which is almost the price of the Base FS2017. P.S. this game is good for getting into the Farming Simulator Scene."
,Recommended,313160,23270724,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,rvrat52,This was the best fs EVER
,Recommended,313160,23265327,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Sz90,fantastic!!!!!!!!wootwoot farm it up
,Recommended,313160,25950886,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gerbildral,#BEST-GAME-EVER
,Recommended,313160,18591819,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Josh,". ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ,,----~~”'¯¯¯¯¯¯”'~~----,,... ... ... ... ... ...,,-~”¯::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¯”'~,,... ... ... ... ..,,~”::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::”~,,... ... ... ..,,-“:::::::::::::::/::::::/::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... ...,-“:::::,-“:::/:::::/::::::/:|::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... .,-“:::::::/:::::|:::::|:::::::|:|:::::::|:::::::\\:::::::::::|:|:::::\::\... ... /::::::/:::|::::::|:::::|::|::::\:\:::::/\::::/:::||:::::::::|:/::::::|:::|... .../::::::|:::::\::::::\::::\::\::::/\:\,::/::\::/::::|:|:::::::/\/::::::/::::|... ../::::::/::::::'\::::::\-,:::\/\::/: :\-,”/ : :\/:\:::/: |:::::/::/::::::|::::/... ./::::::|:::::::::\::::::\|::/: \/: : : \/: : : : : \,/: \/::_/\//:\:::::/:::/... /::::::/::/:::::::|::/,__/:/: :__/ . .: : : : : : :\__. \/: \:::::/::/:::/... |:::|::::::::::::/::/::::/;/ ;/ ,. .,\: : : : : : : / ,._., \ /::::::|::/:|...|:::/:::/::;;;::::::/::/|:::|.\: |.|||; : : : : : : : :|.|.||;|::|:::\/:/:|:/...|::|:::|::::::::/:::\|:::'\,|: \.""'"" /: : : : : : : :'\."" '""/ : \: |:::|::\...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|::::|/: : “¯': : : : : : : : : :""¯'' : : : :/::::'\...|::|:::|::::::/:::::/:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : :| :/::::::|... \:|:::|:::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : :~,___,~: : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|:::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : '~--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\::::::::/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/-,|:::::::|: : : : ¯”~,-,,,-~”:::,,-'\::::::::\-,,_::|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”¯..__\::::::::\... .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |¯”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|.. /..,-“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~'-,:\::::::|\,..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,-\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : '\'\: : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,_,: : : “-,: : : : : : : : :,/”'-,... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,-“....”-,:\: : : : '\: : : : : : :,/.......”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : ...........\*/ : : : :|: : : : : :,-“..............'|... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\/ : : : : /: : : : : :,-“............./... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,/: : : : : /................./... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \........................\:,-“: : : : :,/............/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,_.............._,”======',_..........,-“\... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~---~”¯: : : : : : : : : :¯”~~,': |: \... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : : : |... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '/: |... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :\|... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : :\: |... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : :;: : : : : :;: : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,:;: : : : : :;: : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : :; : : : :|: : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : , : : : ;: : : : : : | : : : : /:\... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,:.. :: : : : : : |: : : :;::|... ... ... ... ... ..,-“: : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : : : : \*, : : : : : :| : : : :\:|... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : : : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ;-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :;: “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: : : : /... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : : /... ... .../-,-,”,,-,~-,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : :'|... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : '\: : : : : ,: :|... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ¯¯”''~~~-~.|\: : : : : : \:|... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................|: : : : : : : \|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.....................\: : : : : : : ,\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\....................“\: : : : : : : : '\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : : |... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,...........,/: : : : '\: : : : : : ||... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \.......,/: : : : ,-~/: : ,: |: /:|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”¯: : : : : :|: ::|: :/::/:,/... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,_/_,/-~”:|... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... ... ... | : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |"
,Recommended,313160,29186735,Posted: 11 January,all,✪ Roiiux,Games Amazing... epesically if you have friends that are as bored and suicidal as you
,Recommended,313160,12760711,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kasperite,"Played for 10 hours straight as soon as it finished downloading, late for work, boss wasn't impressed but who really cares when this is such an amazing game.10/10Also logging is op, and fabulous."
76561198008246624,Recommended,313160,12762241,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Purifyer,"Very nice game but I found some problems that can be remedied (weights are not opposing enough force, in fields are areas that  block smooth movement of the machine)."
,Recommended,313160,15226740,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sean,"Good Game to pass the time. Also every time they release a new Farming Simulator it gets better before you know it it will have such good graphics you think your outside looking at the real world,instead of being behind a computer screen. LOL XD.But Yeah,Good Game9.5/10EDIT: The only reason Im writing this review is cause I bought and Played the game, You should do it too!"
,Recommended,313160,12788591,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tragin,Awesome
,Recommended,313160,32918623,Posted: 28 June,all,koko16,God game
76561198255143833,Recommended,313160,26324799,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,{Elite}Viper,Good game cant wait for 2017
,Recommended,313160,12939219,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Frank P.,"If you are tied of shooting monsters enemys tanks ships what ever u point of, and just want to relax with a real world scenario then you came to the right place, this is not about first place win or lose or be fast wse..... you simply just enter your tracktor and go plow sow, harvest or spray your fields, or just walk or drive around and see the landscape and its fine texture, you can find some jobs on the townboards or try see if you can find all of the 100 hidden gold coins around the entier map.  the new is that you can go cut trees down with a chainsaw or a big muscular woodcutter and tow it away with another big towingmachine, BUT the game has its tolls here, scs have done a nice job but the tree isnt staying on the place where you lay it it jumps around and fall of a lot times so all the time you used to fill up your trailer is lost and you can start over again 3-4-5 times before you entering the yard where you can sell the tree for alot of money."
76561198082640923,Recommended,313160,19395347,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Paul196UK,If you like simulator games then I strongly rec this one. Exceelent detail in graphics and physics. Extremely well made. You can easily lose a day on this and realise it.
,Recommended,313160,30298269,Posted: 3 March,all,The Mangle,its very fun how you can play with your mates my mom got me this game as a late BDAY gift and i've been playng it alotbtw i know i can get fs17 but i'm to lazy to do that +its waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to much money. i mean TO MUCH
76561198104343684,Recommended,313160,26120942,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,☆Spartan,"This game is a great game for mostly farmers, but still a very good game"
,Recommended,313160,12986972,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,THRILLHOUSE,"I want my life back!  This game make cost $30... but what is the real cost of a title when it sucks you in to a deep dark hole that you can never emerge from.  If harvest moon or animal crossing is coke, FS2015 is free base.  Remember kids, just say no."
,Recommended,313160,21163239,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Skywarp,I feel like Luke Skywalker who agreed to remain for another harvesting season at Tatooine homestead under the pressure of his uncle Owen.11/10 would fail to apply to The Imperial Academy for another year.
,Recommended,313160,12720852,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Distun,"If you are a gamer who would like to enjoy life, this is the game for you. Everyone should take a break from all the numerous games about killing and start growing! A great relaxing game, wich is even more enjoyable with youre favourite podcast in the background. Highly recommended to all gamers.The controls on the new forestry machines can be abit tricky so I suggest using the keyboard so u dont wear out youre mousearm :)"
,Recommended,313160,15242838,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jihad Jack,I bought this game yesterday morning. At the time of this review I have 17.2 hours of play time. That should tell you two things..... I have copius amounts of time on my hands and this game is super addicting!! I never thought I could get so into a game like this but I've set aside every other game in my library and this is my main focus. Such an amazing game!
76561197992796837,Recommended,313160,22714805,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nakata,You should play this game with your girlfriend. 10/10
76561198101289134,Recommended,313160,22851729,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Shorty,Pretty darn fun!
76561198128142048,Recommended,313160,22839668,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Billythebubble,"Warning, this game is very addictive, remember farm ville? Well this is game is over 1,000 times better!You start off life with some basic farming equipment suitable for harvesting small fields and growing fairly basic crops. Then the real fun starts, buy more fields and the pressure kicks in. Quick! harvest my crops before that next field is ready? and so the fun starts. You can harvest the crops yourself or employ people to work for you, it really is that good!Excellent farm shop for purchasing upgraded equipment from tractors, massive ploughs, seeders or combine harvesters. After buying new equipment you really do reap the benefits immediately.Having played for many hours, even to the point I could not wait to get home and start playing again to finish where I left off previously, this game gets you hooked to the point of appreciation how hard farming really is?Planning is vital to make money to upgrade your farming equipment to try new technologies or venture into making hay bales or cutting down trees to make a quick buck!Great game, well worth the money and already looking forward to Farming Simulator 2017 this October."
,Recommended,313160,12781044,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GhostlyGrimlock,I really like this game! There are a lot of things i would like to accomplish in this game.Singleplayer is Awesome!Multiplayer: ................. Needs fixing because i lag and lag and lag.So i reccomend this game because i want to see this game get better. By that i mean they should focus on fixing the multiplayer more than the single player because like i said. Multiplayer... you mean.. Laggyplayer.
,Recommended,313160,12782216,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Broken Eyes,This game is just fantastic. The graphics are very well done. For a farming simulator this is jsut a great game. The mechanics are just phenominal.
76561198013603059,Recommended,313160,23497423,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ARBishopp,make steam workshop for this game plz
,Recommended,313160,13902722,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bedevere,Addicting!
76561198066522839,Recommended,313160,14640317,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TangoRomeo,Tree cutting can't stop won't stop need money more machines.
76561198053484444,Recommended,313160,23043437,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,no name,Fantastic game.
76561198296410335,Recommended,313160,23116220,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,rhino83,amazing game love it recomended
76561198104963449,Recommended,313160,12809193,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Killerducky86,10/10First I haven't played many of the faming sims but this game is so much fun and relaxing.  So far this is game of the year for me (Never ever thought I would say that about a farming sim lol). The only thing I haven't really tried yet is the logging.
,Recommended,313160,12756589,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Boss Invader,"Great, time consuming fun.  Physics engine has been improved over FS 11 and FS 13.  I tested it out by crashing into everything at full speeds and into other vehicles being driven by the AI and I do not go flying up into the air, twirling about and getting stuck upside down anymore!For anyone who says driving is like ""being on ice"", when you have a heavy load or trailer connected to your tractor, attach a weight to the front.  It will weight it down and stop the sliding.  The issue is that you have all that weight on the back so when you turn at speed the front end lifts a little bit and you lose traction.Ive played FS11 and FS13 and this is so far better than either.  Only downside is that 1 map is new and 1 map is the American town from the FS13 Titanium Expansion.  But that's no issue to me, there's some great modders and world creators out there so I look forward to them and official DLC from Giants.   9.5/10  (-.5 for reusing an old map in a new game)"
76561198079437725,Recommended,313160,12752480,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Slideless_Woofsky,i really recomend this game to anyone looking for fun. farming. or just want a free roam game.
76561198029025007,Recommended,313160,13174413,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hoopla_82,"The krauts have truly stepped up their game with this one. They've added the classic ""lizard: piqup truck"" and chainsaws so you can chop down those pesky green ♥♥♥♥s. All in all better than the last one via gameplay and visuals solid 8/10 from me. Get some bros and get farming."
76561198089972454,Recommended,313160,12726861,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,farmer joe's sex slave,"this game is a massive improvment from the previous games, there are very few problems with the game and for how small the problems really are they dont really affect the gameplay. the farming is as smooth and as solid as usual and the logging is good however this is were the few small bugs appear. The logs are to light and can sometimes bug out and fly half the way across the map or may shake there self off of your trailerbut these are small problems that could easily be fixed through patches. overall i would give the game a strong 9/10 and eventually when these small bugs get fixed it  could easily be bumped up to 10/10... some more vehicles and implaments for the logging would be nice, just something simple like a log chain for a tractor would be really helpfull."
,Recommended,313160,12767231,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Shruxilo,The forestry in this will make you amazing at the claw game!
76561198022060467,Not Recommended,313160,18007438,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,wreckmedaddy,Its an ok game....it'll keep you entertained for a few hours but there's really not much to do. I'm embarrassed to say I payed 30$ for this. It has no business costing this much....10$ tops.
,Recommended,313160,13118936,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"English:A true successor to the series, although I must admit I am somewhat disappointed. It is still as addictive, but it is also still more of a leasure game rather than a simulator. They did manage to combine both Farming Simulator and Woodcutter Simulator into 1 game...but I'm not so sure how I feel about that...The player takes on the role of a farmer, with substantial equipment and monetary resources already available as you start. As you try to make money you will find that it is pretty hard to go bankrupt, and before you know it you have the fields and equipment that justify the huge farm complex that you start off with. Then you notice that your equipment is getting dirty, which is a great addition to the game, even though it is only a visual effect and does not affect the way equipment is handling.I have stated in previous versions how the game could really become a proper Farming Simulator, and I have read similar comments in the forums and from other players since, but apparently the developers haven't picked up on that; There is no crop disease, so whatever you put into the ground, it will come out healthy and ready to harvest, always. There is no soil quality, it is always in mint condition and the only purpose for manure and sprayers is to double / triple the yield. On top of that, you start off with a rediculous large farm complex that isnt justified by the 1 - 3 fields you also start off with.The community has made some interesting mods that solve some of these problems, but I'd rather see them in the vanilla game.For those that are familiar with the previous versions, here are some nuisances you'll encounter:First off, remember the PDA? That little device in the bottom-left corner of the screen that showed you a map, demand, livestock info and all that? Ya, you now have to press I which will open an screen and pause the game. This is not much of a problem per se, but do you also remember the phones, where you can get information about just about anything, like a manual? When you interact with that you get a similar screen, but the game continues on the background. Which means that if you don't have the equipment to do something while your crops are growing, you will either have to go on a long strawl or read every page at the payphone; No more checking demand, livestock, etc while you watch your favourite handyman take the wheel of your combine...All in all a good game, but in my opinion it still does not live up to its name, and the developers seem to have other things on their minds than adding more interesting game mechanics.Dispite all of this ranting I cannot help but give this a thumbs up, because it is true to its legacy, addictive as hell, and it looks great without ruining the game (hint to Egosoft).-------------------------------------------------------------Nederlands:Een waardige opvolger van de serie, hoewel ik to moet geven dat ik enigszins teleurgesteld ben. Het is nog steeds verslavend, maar ook meer een nutteloos tijdsverdrijf dan een echte simulator. Ze hebben het voor elkaar gekregen om Farming Simulator samen te voegen met hun Woodcutter Simulator...maar ik weet niet hoe ik daar over denk op dit moment...De speler stapt in de rol van een boer, met veel werktuigen en financiele bronnen beschikbaar al vanaf dat je begint. Terwijl je probeert wat geld te verdienen kom je er snel achter dat het moeilijk is om failliet te gaan, en voor je het weet heb je de velden en de werktuigen die passen bij het formaat van je erf en de gebouwen die er al sinds het begin staan. Dan valt het je op dat je werktuigen vies worden, een goeie toevoeging aan het spel, hoewel dit slechts esthetisch is en geen enkele werking heeft op de werktuigen.Ik heb in recencies van vorige versies al aangegeven hoe het spel een echte Farming Simulator kan worden, en ik heb sindsdien soortgelijke opmerkingen in forums en recensies van andere spelers gezien, maar blijkbaar hebben de ontwikkelaars daar niets mee gedaan; Je planten kunnen niet ziek worden, dus wat je ook in de grond stopt, het komt er altijd kerngezond uit. Er is geen grondkwaliteit, het is altijd in perfecte staat en het enige doel van de mest en sproeiers is het verdubbelen / verdrievoudigen van je oogst. Daar komt nog bij dat je met een belachelijk grote boerderij begint die niet overeen komt met de 1-3 velden waarme je begint.Er zijn een aantal interessante mods gemaakt door de spelers die veel van deze problemen oplossen, maar ik zou het spel liever aangepast zien worden zodat het niet nodig zou zijn.Voor hen die bekend zijn met de vorige versies, hier zijn wat irritaties die je tegen zult komen:Ten eerste, ken je de PDA nog? Dat kleine apparaatje links ondering je scherm waarop je de kaart, prijzen, je veestapel enzo kon vinden? Ja, die is dus weg. Nu moet je op I drukken om een venster te zien waar datzelfde beschikbaar is, alleen wordt het spel gepauzeerd. Dit is niet per se een probleem, maar herinner je je de telefoons nog waar je informatie over alles kon vinden als een soort handleiding? Als je daar nu gebruik van maakt krijg je een soortgelijk scherm, maar het spel blijft op de achtergrond doorgaan. Dit betekent dat als je geen werktuigen hebt om jezelf mee te vermaken terwijl je velden aan het bloeien zijn je je of dood verveelt terwijl je wacht, een lange wandeling moet gaan maken of elke pagina in de telefoon moet gaan lezen; Niet meer kijken wat de huidige prijzen zijn of het voedsel niveau van je veestapel controleren terwijl je je favoriete knecht achter het stuur van je combine laat.Al met al een goed spel, maar naar mijn mening is het nog steeds de naam niet waardig, en de ontwikkelaars hebben iets anders aan hun hoofd dat interessante spel mechaniek.Ondanks al dit geklaag kan ik het niet helpen dit product aan te raden, omdat het in de lijn van de serie valt, verslavend als wat is en er grafisch geweldig uitziet zonder dat dat ten koste gaat van het spel (hint naar Egosoft)."
,Recommended,313160,12882897,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jmango,"This game is amazing! The physics are awesome and the gameplay is really great. Multiplayer has a few bugs but still very playable. If you have the money, buy it!"
,Recommended,313160,15338244,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,iCarly,"If you're looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198258004418,Recommended,313160,23206786,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MSGamer,u guys should add mods to a steam so we will not need to go find mods its will be in steamshop all games do that pls add to this game to
78459783849648567,Recommended,313160,20360234,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,soćno meso,bad assgame. O_O
,Recommended,313160,17086158,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,consun,"ive been playing these games sence the 2011  version and they are great. my grandfather is a farmer and i saw 2011 in the store one day and had to have it. here i am 4 years later still playing these games, the graphics are decent, the sounds are realistic, and if you think it dosnt have atone of things, youed be roung by it has a AMAZING modding community. i got the game with in a few weeks of its being released and i imeaditly went for mods cause thats what made 2013 the best version of the three, when i got on the website for mods, there were already 1000s of mods, i was amazed, over 100 pages, also ive played much more time then steam said i have, remeber it says on record, i play ofline alot and it for some reason didnt pick it upall in all this game has a great mod comunity and could be bought just for that. privious games were all good and the games expect to get better in future years.CANT WAIT TELL FS 2017!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197970870604,Recommended,313160,18146949,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,VTen [MG],Great game to relax and just chill with.
76561198274021343,Recommended,313160,23472023,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,lukas.kinstner,"The game is fine, but it will not go into fullscreen on my windows 10 cpu. I have googles and tried everything, and i dont want to play the game anymore until it will fit my screen. I would recommend the game if it actually was full screen."
76561197987838834,Recommended,313160,23907115,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Corrimus,"First of all let me say that this is a good game, not great, good, i've had at this time 149 hours of mostly a good time, now on to the review.This game is all about farming, and getting the equipment to be more productive and expand until you own all the fields, that's basically the end goal, own every field (of varying sizes) and the best equipment, it's not an easy task in itself, specially in singleplayer, it's allso relaxing since you can change the game speed to fit your preference.I've been playing this with my dad (im 34 hes 65+) and it's very fun to try and coordinate things so that each field is ready for harvest after the next one, you haveto take into account growth time, weather patterns, day and night, the economy, time it takes to transport etc. the only bad part is that the sky is pretty much static and you loose one hireable worker per multiplayer person besides yourself, the graphics are great, besides the skyTheres three maps so far, various DLC's for machinery, an economic system, and rudimentary AI, traffic and pedestrians, singleplayer and multi aaand things do get dirty, very dirty.Now (sigh) no game is perfect, that includes this one, there are a few bugs (not many actually) that may be annoying at times, the game at some point might become grindy and boring but there are aspects in this game you can change to instead of just working the fields, in a way you can ""remotely"" work the fields while doing other things by hiring workers, though keep an eye on them.In this game there's one aspect that's pertinent to me, and that's forrestry (since im a trainee lumberjack) you can use various machinery to chop down trees, and make uses for them, such as selling the logs and grinding the branches into chips, and you can replant trees.At the moment there seems to be a few problems with the physics part of this described now.Forrestry is fun, it's a changer from the fields for sure, this is their first iteration of it (i think, seems like it) so there a few problems that stand out, one is the physics and strength of the claws, jaws, grabbers or whatever you prefer to call them, from logging forks to the ones on the crane, they're weak and loose grips alot on everything from logs to branches, you'll have a hard time holding on to 2 branches or logs no matter the size, and branches do fall into the ground and get stuck there, or just plain dissapear if you're using the harvester a tree top hits something while harvesting.Now that said it's still a pretty decent attempt and since i bought the game i'll continue to do logging.If you're into farming or wonder how things on a farm or logging work this a pretty good iteration, my recommendation is this, if you want this for the farming part then it's highly recommended, however if you want this for the forrestry part i'd say look around for something more dedicated to it, if you can't find anything then go with this.Hope you found this review helpful in deciding what to do,Corrimus."
76561198205619689,Recommended,313160,24310976,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Like a dab,Really good Farming simulator
,Recommended,313160,15053153,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,-----,Nice game ;)
,Recommended,313160,24911261,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SpoonUK,Nutty Game
,Recommended,313160,24696099,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PAN Mirek,For me it is too boring - may if you are a farmer.
,Recommended,313160,20182449,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Theodore,I recommend this game only if you have all the DLC because then yo can add more mods and having all the DLC just adds more gameplay timeEDIT: Do Not Get The Homer DLC Unless You Are Beet Harvesting
,Recommended,313160,24444001,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,♛ Einikis ♛,nice
76561198051111659,Recommended,313160,25469961,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,sidcloth,Spent hours on this great modding community with loads of maps to choose from thumbs up from me
76561198066153181,Recommended,313160,16153798,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Akke,Best game ever!
,Recommended,313160,24257939,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Global Error,I love this game cant wait fors Fs17
,Recommended,313160,23920301,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ablietski,What is there to say?It has big machinery and it's very peaceful
76561198131106273,Recommended,313160,23913259,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,WebbedReaper³,"Friend:DUDE! you should get farm sim 15!me:WHY?!Friend:its SOOOOOOOOOOO funme: realy?Friend:yesme:well, i feel like this is a joke, byeFriend:bye*NEXT DAY*Friend:get farm sim?me:y?Friend:its funme:ugh fineFriend:you get it?me:yes*AFTER TWO DAYS*me:LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15 LETS PLAY FARM SIM 15and over, and over, and over again. 50/10 would let cows poop again ;D"
76561198214798841,Recommended,313160,23922074,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AlexEU303,Playing in the foresty section. And a tree glitched out.i said huh lets tuch it.I tuched it and went into oblivion10/10
76561198285496719,Recommended,313160,21397178,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Western Star 4900SA,can you put modes on the game
76561198204205008,Recommended,313160,24310862,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,levilindsey6,this game is great just got the 1m award 10/10 cant wait for the 2017 farming sim to come out just need 40$ XD
,Recommended,313160,14727839,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jake,"This game is brilliant most of the time because there are some gliches but i am sure GAINTS will fix the soon, i would recommend this game to all you farmers out there enjoy the game"
76561198067812371,Recommended,313160,15047331,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ClanB| Abraham,game is nice but when im playing like 30 min later game is closing.. i dont know maybe about my computer maybe about game.. but game is wonderful..
76561198073169212,Recommended,313160,13052337,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,John Hilter,An amazing Agri sim with great detail its the sort of game I play for hours on end I highly reccomend it to everyone.
,Recommended,313160,25349704,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Francis,Heh.
,Recommended,313160,25376553,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,@Negative,So good
,Recommended,313160,20006128,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,deNN1s,Lustiges Spiel xDD
76561198155423992,Recommended,313160,13504004,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Desert Hobo,I highly reccomend FS 15. Great game!!!
76561198135101241,Recommended,313160,12710583,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,VerageGaming,"Sold all my starting equipment.Got a loan from bank.Bought a chainsaw and forestry equipment.Cut my first tree!Tree decided to roll down the hill and onto the road, taking out some road signs.Got me a forklift with the tree graber tool to resolve this situation.Spent an hour trying to pick it up, ended up rolling the tree further down the road.Best farming sim I've played since 2013 :D"
76561198109056719,Recommended,313160,14894624,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,God Warrior 199,This is a awesome game
,Recommended,313160,15343874,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,OswaldCobblepot,"I don't farm and know very little about it.It takes a couple of hours to understand it enough to make money.Don't be surprised if you chop down trees around your property and they stay on the ground and get in the way until you figure out how to remove them (or move them). It took me a long time only because I spent my money on higher priority items until I had a clear line of cash coming in.Btw it took about 40hrs before I did start having a line of cash coming in.If you think you will have hours to give to this game then I recommend it to you because the learning curve was steep but fun and it still hasn't stopped.I play this on a multiplayer server with a buddy across the world (I'm a Canuck) and the only problem we had was with lag. It was bad at times for him but for the most parts it was only a few times and lasted for only five or ten minutes.Cool game and worth the ""Sale"" price I paid for it and more."
,Recommended,313160,15806439,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Warguy57,Its a overall good game but there are some other names......TractorSimulato2015LoggingSimulator2015RageSimulator2015 (only sometimes)PhysicsSimulator2015WatchPlantsWhileTheyGrowSimulator2015like i said before!over all 10/10 would play again unless you rage to hard
,Recommended,313160,14736676,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,10/10Would Money Glitch Agian
,Recommended,313160,16036199,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ev1lsp00n,"Quickly become ""that guy"" that your Steam Friends laugh at by playing this game!Farm Sim 15 is one of those games you just play for the sake of playing - there aren't really any campaign goals etc. In fact,  there are no goals. No victory. You just keep going... Plough, Till, Drill, Wait, Harvest, Unload Trailer, Bale, Pick Bales up, feed a cow, move bales, watch bales explode, repeat.I know now why my friends laugh."
,Recommended,313160,16785073,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BlueBasher,"Made 15 Million dollars from buying pre-grown trees.11/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,313160,18750936,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,pIET,The graphics are great.  The game itself is somewhat addictive although I can't work out why.  Some diverse yet slightly expensive dlc plus the ability to obtain community created mods gives this game longevity.
,Recommended,313160,18920911,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Satyriasis,I believe I was drunk when I bought this and convinced a friend to do the same.10/10
,Recommended,313160,19149804,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,CANUX,Farming SimulatorWhen should you purchase this - During a salePositives- Tonnes of vehicles to choose from- Extremely varied gameplay- Great fun in multiplayer- Extensive Mod supportNegatives- Expensive- Gets a little repetitive- Small Community- Hard to use claw controlsReviewEver since i bought my pc ive started to get into simulator games more and more id seen farming simulator but thought it would be pretty naff and boring but after i saw some gameplay and some friends playing i soon relised the game had a fantastic range of tasks from harvesting to feeding cows and now even forestry and was one of the many great simulation games.Yes your friends take this♥♥♥♥♥♥but its worth it its a very fun game.If your interested in machinery/vehicles the you wont be disappointed there is a vast range of each vehicle and implement type with a wide array of mods just itching to join them. There are so many great mods from stunning HD map mods with extremly realistic farms that blurr the line between real life and a videogame to harvesters and tractor. The mod support for this game is probably the best ive seen ive never been so compelled to dive into mods. Currently i have 1.5gb of mods for the game which is away expanding.If you have friends to play this game with it can bring many hours of enjoyment. But in my opinion without friends this game becomes lonely and stale. The controls for the game are brilliant even with a keyboard and mouse the only bad thing about the controls are the clamp tools that are manly used in forestry i found them far to annoying and very hard to use.In conclusion FS15 is a great game to play with friends with an extensive range of mods. Great graphics and great controls. The only problem is the community on steam is quite small with few discussions and i find it really hard to meet someone to play multiplayer with. This game is worth a buy but i would hold out for a sale as £20 is a bit steep considering its been the same price since launch late 2014 and the farming sim franchise will be expanding to FS17 by the end of 2016.Rating  : 7/10
76561198190703993,Recommended,313160,16986387,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Chris,the game can suck at sometimes right know my games is lagging a lot
,Recommended,313160,16991750,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[CT] Seanie Irish Tang,Good game if you want the feel of farming if you are from the town
76561198107175527,Recommended,313160,16699331,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dredd2003,"Sim Players are passionate when it comes to driving, flying or even riding the vehicles that have either thrilled and amazed us during our childhood even still do today which is why we take time out to write great reviews .. so I’d just like to add something to that ……It’s always a shame to read about the disappointments that a fellow Sim Player has experienced instead of reading about their delights as they have taken the controls of their favourite consist and proudly taken passengers or goods from their chosen station, port or yard and delivered them on time having faced realistic challenges of schedules, other transport or sometimes signal failures and adverse weather conditions - that inner sense of achievement (and self-pride) is all we really seek - Yes they may be after all only simulations of real modes of transport –BUT…. be it an incredible landing of a fully laden 300 ton Boeing 747-400 on a real time flight from Singapore to Heathrow - Microsoft Flight Simulator perhaps -  where you take care of the Jumbo's flight deck and using the array of true to life switches, levers and dials as you descend gently down to terra firma – EGLL runway 21 to be exact to the [imagined] sounds of cheers and applause of your satisfied passengers and crew. Or that inner voice that says 'yees!' when we finally arrive at the depot and park up our Flexi-Bus for the day OMSI 2– its late, the sun has set, both outside our windows (if we care to look!) and within the Sim… but we don’t care.. We’ve driven with diligence and skill, we’ve hit n hurt no one and managed to pick up and drop off everyone without a hitch… that’s what matters.. That’s why we play these Simulators –That’s what Sims do for us! - They fulfil our innermost desire to be a part of something that we admire, to take control of the very vehicles that we venerate and are in awe of – Hours of our lives are spent recreating the paths taken by Road, Rail, Air and Sea in order that we may share the experience in some intangible way of that of the Driver, Pilot, Captain, Fireman, Soldier and Doctor? within us all – all this achieved speedily at the flick of a mouse button and without the arduous years of universities, specialist training and professional advice and preparation, we will not suffer any loss of limb if we make mistakes as we learn the art of take-off and landing, nor will we face litigation and inevitable imprisonment from the families of the loved ones that we lost at sea due to our lack of experience of sailing cruise ships, or even suffer from docked wages from South West Trains for continued late arrivals at London Victoria… Friends our desire and task is a simple one … to Simulate through our chosen modes … without the Wind, Rain, Ice, Snow or Insurance Costs ever affecting or view of our chosen destination -To Dream the Impossible is what drives the human spirit – But to deny someone of that dream is to deny them of the very lust for life ….. So keep dreaming keep ‘Simming’ and whether it’s by Air, Sea or Land may your journeys be filled with fun, passion and excitement –Sim on!  n Smile as you go!"
76561198150324348,Recommended,313160,16155757,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Svk,10/10 would recommend.
76561198057195405,Recommended,313160,13828582,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pow Wow,MUST GET GAME THE CENTUARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heaps better then 2013 because of the new logging equipment. recommend to anyone who loves farming sim 2013
,Recommended,313160,20103989,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,♛♚^ImNotMagic♚♛,This is a pretty nice game i must say so my self i would recommend this game to any body who likes modding.
76561198090381103,Recommended,313160,12697155,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,William.H.Bonney,"This game is AWESOME!!!I had high hopes for this game as i have owned other titles in this series, but WOW!. The graphics are great, everything i expected and more. Lots of visibly moving parts on the implements, even the heat cloud from the exhaust pipe on the tractors.I have only played a couple hours, I can't wait to get the larger equipment!I pre-ordered this for a discount but its well worth the full price.10/10EDIT 11/5/2014I know there will be more content and mods added to this, but after further play time, I wish there was more. Only 2 maps at the moment and one of them is from FS13. And some of the equipment that I expected was gone...like the Big Krone ( 1200 I think ) Mower."
76561197976573032,Recommended,313160,16870033,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,EFastMan,The best agrcultural simulation I have seen!!
76561197994217392,Recommended,313160,24006602,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shunziji,"Want to spend time wrestling with soil to keep your truck in a straight line while watching Youtube videos ?Want to spend hours browsing the internet for great MODs that will refresh your game replayability while watching Youtube videos ?Want to play hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and days and months while watching Youtube video ?Buy this game.Love to get bored simulator 15, i love it."
,Recommended,313160,12751307,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[RPPK] Callum,"Best game iv'e played yet, Great Graphics, great physics engine, great everything, I haven't found any bugs yet, No negative points at the moment."
76561198276820331,Recommended,313160,22637335,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Maimuta,a nice game
,Recommended,313160,21727526,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Banana Phone,"First off, if you don't have much free time, AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS.  It is not a ""sit down for 5 mins type of game"" it is a ""sit down for a little bit, then look at the clock and it is 10 hrs later"""
76561198013725585,Recommended,313160,21319417,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,AgentRuby,"If you're not careful, this game will take your whole day and you will look at the clock and see that 8 hours or more has past. I wasn't happy that day because I had things to do other than games."
,Recommended,313160,21371441,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Spookyhort,"I got this game to find out what it was like to be a farmer. As it turns out, very boring. However that all changed when I realized that the best way to make money isn't farming but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the land of all the trees. If you want money you just chop every tree you can see until there is no more oxygen left on the planet. At that point you can purchase a tractor spaceship and find more planets with trees to continue your tree genocide."
76561198359874622,Recommended,313160,33309569,Posted: 6 July,all,Paul Walker(Ľubomir),Naj
76561198041731550,Recommended,313160,28024564,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,theDarkLady,The Little New Holland. That is all.
,Recommended,313160,13741251,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Dominator 546,So I like this game but I wish there were more cars and trucks. They need an incinerator somewhere in the map so i can incinerate EVERYTHING!!!! MUAHAHAHAHA
76561198077938993,Recommended,313160,16432281,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Not-The-Jugs,Don't underestimate this game. There will always be haters out there that wish that they could be as good as a farmer as me. But don't let that keep you from getting this wonderful game. Oh and by the way you can run over cows.  I rate this 87% lactaid milk on the jug scale.
,Recommended,313160,25423957,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[1stEB]Joxxe ♞,Its a good game and fun when you are playing whit friends to relax ore fu*k around =D
76561198311312802,Recommended,313160,33053445,Posted: 30 June,all,jacobstallcup,best game ever and can get mods
,Recommended,313160,33195213,Posted: 3 July,all,Almost a combiner,nice game I LOVE this game )
,Recommended,313160,32833474,Posted: 26 June,all,HarHarHarris,The greatest game of all time no doubt 10/10
,Recommended,313160,12996562,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fabiolus,"Im a kid again!!!!So many things to do, want to maintain a milk farm, sheep farm, grain farm, logging farm? Different ways to finance your money keeping an eye on expense etc...This is amazing!"
76561198161033914,Recommended,313160,24305971,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Goonzer,free pony
76561198088058747,Recommended,313160,16868794,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Bernard,i like farming
76561198028531107,Recommended,313160,18958668,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,zalman (SWE),nice
76561198100333364,Recommended,313160,22220042,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,artdraw2011,I think this game should support steam workshop but it is a good game
,Recommended,313160,23027397,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Niseg,"This game is a trap. I thought I'll get bored quickly but there is always something to do . Cultivate sow harvest and then in between you can do forestry , cut grass for silage . And the reasons behind all the work is so you can get new machines that can let you do other things.You start with basic equipment for wheat /barley/canola . If you want to grow corn, beets and potatoes you need either a header (corn) or a whole set  specialized equipment.You don't have to do everything manually you can hire workers to do most of the field work. Either that or play multiplayer and get your friends/strangers  to do the work.Other than that there are a lot of mods that add mostly farming equipment  for looks and functionality. There is also a mod called “course play” which let your ""hired work"" do more complex things than vanila version.Crane control in game can be challenging and some people really hate the wood chipper because of it. I just use an Xbox 360 controller for simultaneous 5 axis control and deal with it. I don't like “game breaking mods” . If it seems too good to be true it is.If you value your time stay away from this game."
,Recommended,313160,22548185,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DubzHD37,"Highly recommed this game. So much fun and great attention to detail, plus plenty of options! (agriculture, forestry, animal care, etc.)"
,Recommended,313160,23047837,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GeneralFord B),"Do you ever get that feeling when you play a game for 2-3 hours and the game turns so boring you legit want to commit suicide afterwards?When you play Farming Simulator 15, you end up playing for 14-15 hours straight, having no clue why you don't get bored of it, and when you actually stop playing, you want to commit suicide by the thought of how many hours you've wasted running a virtual farm.I spent 8 hours planting and chopping trees and 2 weeks later i still have no idea why it was so much fun."
,Recommended,313160,23034831,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,HimmyJendrix,Just went through my list of favourite games today to give them a thumbs up and a good review.I don't think there's much to be said about this game that hasn't been said before it's a great game and i love it.Especially after a hard day at work this game nice and relaxing.
76561198131489522,Recommended,313160,23402309,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Flubs101,"Really great game. It is easy to play, they have the controls in the top left of the screen so you always know what to do (you can disable this). The tutorials are great if your just starting out. It is a really fun but easy to play layed back farming sim. I really recomend it."
76561198117007312,Recommended,313160,25267114,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Blank,GOOD GAME
76561198190244631,Recommended,313160,33841509,Posted: 27 July,all,Encemeister OPENSKINS.COM,Polecam
76561198031570284,Recommended,313160,24535031,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,KDFOOLS,this game is awesome.. can't wait for the new one to come out
76561198045714891,Recommended,313160,23955299,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Blongk,A really addictive game especially if you play with friends.
76561198252201426,Recommended,313160,31556334,Posted: 5 May,all,Hitman_Norway98,💀💀💀
76561198097430581,Recommended,313160,24035532,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sentinel,Great game and addicting 10/10 would buy again
76561198145229617,Recommended,313160,33803852,Posted: 26 July,all,Google,I love it!
76561197970430173,Recommended,313160,12761484,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,edgependragon,"As of writing this small review, I have logged only 5 hrs. First off let me say that I did not feel as if I played 5 hrs, I figured that I only played 2. This is a fun and enjoyable game that you can very likely lose many hours too. My suggestion to all who are on the fence about trying this game would be to give it a try, if you have time to burn hehe. I was one of those people that could not understand how my brother could enjoy such a boring game as FS13... that is until he dared me to give the demo a try, that was when I was hooked. So far I have only experianced minor bugs and glitches, but not enough to destroy the game for me. My honest opinion is that this game is well worth the price, even if you feel like it is only a slightly better version of FS13."
76561198158217061,Recommended,313160,33423659,Posted: 9 July,all,AdmiralTigerclaw,"You just browsed onto a farming simulator.  I know the reaction that's coming.""Wow farming?  How boring.""Save yourself trouble and move along.For those looking for something like this, or might be on the fence wondering who would buy this.I'll sum this up in a nutshell.'Relaxing'.The appeal of a game like farming simulator isn't in action, it's in relaxation and looking at the neat machines while they work.  If you ever found yourself stopping and staring at a combine in action, you may want to consider this.Farming Simulator is an open-ended tractor sandbox of a game.  Your only real goal is to sow, harvest, and sell crops (and trees and livestock products) for a profit.  So you can buy more, better machines, sow more crops, and get more money.As far as gameplay goes, it's solid.  Your game avatar is apparently an unstoppable cyborg super farmer (run forever, never eat, never sleep, jump off silos without injury, etc...) that can instantly teleport to any vehicle with the tap of a key.  But I digress, Ultimate Cyborg Farmer aside, the game doesn't bog you down with life bars, fatigue, or anything associated with any kind of player survival mechanism.  You just get in your tractor, and farm.Graphically, the game is smooth and pretty.  The environments aren't overly complicated, and they don't look bad.  You'll notice some minor things having to do with draw distances, but that's not really a bother.From an audio standpoint, machines sound good.  If you're fine listening to diesel engines all the time.  Overall, the ambience is simple and has nothing noteworthy of report.  No news is good news, so to speak.Controls are complicated for more complex machines and knowing some of the common key command groups is important for overall gameplay.  Luckily, the game keeps an ever present 'available key commands' window in the corner to help remind you of the main functions.  Subtle functions like lamps and horns might require a quick lookup.  Controls are also remappable to your desired configuration.Game settings also allow for playing your way.  If you want to make the game challenging, the settings can be set to make you work hard and carefully.  If you desire to just fire up your tractor and set it loose on a field, you can set the settings to the point that the farm is ALMOST a screen saver.  There is even a key press that automatically 'hires' a fine indentured servant for a chunk of your earnings to automatically drive your tractor or combine back and forth through the fields.  His english isn't so good though...  Can't seem to understand 'don't run into that tree line' very well.  Also available in the game are a few 'plop down' items you can purchase that can further easy any burdens.  Want to completely ignore money concerns?  You don't need to cheat.  Just earn enough to drop a wind mill or ten down.  The income from one of those can outpace the automatic daily expenses of your equipment, meaning you don't have to technically DO anything to maintain a profit margin.  (I call this more or less 'set it and forget it mode.)Equipment also includes utilizing tractor components with complex hydraulic controls and articulation.  From front loaders to grapling arms and even that Scorpion King (that thing that looks like a crane on treads, but is a tree cutting BEAST) in the store page screenshots.  You get to play with those.Be advised, you can't damage anything or kill Super Robo Farmer, but physics does get a little upset when you do weird things.  That's to be expected when you do something that would normally wrap you around a telephone pole or launch a tractor trailer over a house.   (By the way, feel free to go crazy like that.  Nothing in this game can be 'hurt').Overall, FS is a simple, solidly built farm tractor simulator.   If your forte' is playing with complex machines doing simple tasks to relax, this is for you.  There's enough to keep you busy, if mildly so, and plenty to work for in terms of earning your way up to larger, heavier machines.  It'll eat away the hours without you feeling your have to watch it like a hawk.Just, don't expect it to be twisted metal, country edition if you tune it to be challenging.  It's just tractors and plants."
,Recommended,313160,22202636,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,Feels good to get away from the action and live a normal life and this game delivers.
,Recommended,313160,13095715,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,the GROw cZAR,"This Simulator was my first and I was blown away with the graphics and the overall detail in the game. You can farm, cut logs, or just deliver goods; and all of it was fun. Not to mention this game always has mods being updated from previous versions to work with the current one, making the game even more entertaining and worth while."
,Recommended,313160,23978873,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Subzero,"Along with ETS2, by far one of my most enjoyable simulation games out there. Always had an interest in farm related vehicles but never knew why until I played FS15. From the first moment I got into a tractor or did some harvesting, I realised just how much fun it is and how compelling the gameplay is.Can't wait for FS17 later this year!"
76561198116817067,Recommended,313160,12745554,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PackPride,You can finally hire people to fertilize the fields!
76561198097045357,Recommended,313160,12869765,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Zero101213,"Giants has done another amazing job, a few little glitches but nothing that crashes the game or ruins it. I really recommend this game and any others Giants has done."
76561198007878315,Recommended,313160,12736848,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CaptainSMan,Very relaxing and slightly educational for us city folk.
,Recommended,313160,12757653,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,JshKlsn,"A great upgrade from Farming Simulator 2013.Great job, Giants!"
76561198125977721,Recommended,313160,12710326,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chase,best farming simulator ever
76561198013310179,Recommended,313160,12944957,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,mohler3189,"I am a returning fan to the Farming Simulator Series.  FS15 is another great hit!  I usually play games like Far Cry, Crisis and huge deeply involved RPGs, however, I am completely obsessed with FS15... The graphics are improved over the older versions and overall it seems that the game concept has remained the same.  The base game is nothing special compared with the previous versions, but then again FS13 was really all about the MODS.  The only gripe I have is a slightly awkward selling point for straw that makes the entire process cumbersome.  That being said I am really looking foward to new maps and MODS from the community.  If you are not a graphic mongering zombie apocalypse shoot em in the face only type person, even if your are, this is a great way to relax and enjoy some time away from it all."
,Recommended,313160,12946690,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,About4Ducks,10/10 makes me hard
,Recommended,313160,12744233,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,liamrayner11,what can i say it is a massive improvement from fs 2013 and great value for money highly recommend to anyone who knows the game and to first time players.well done giants
76561198039442877,Recommended,313160,12971451,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sparkyt,By far the best FS ever....
,Recommended,313160,12920264,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Huskimo (Formerly Lrrr),"This is an excellent improvement and addition in the farm sim series, easily blurring the lines between what a ""simulator"" is. Usually a ""sim"" is a buggy mess, but this game is like the Triple A title of farming, gorgeous visuals, a fantastic new physics engine, well optimized, and smooth. I strongly reccomend this game to anybody who just likes the outdoors and sweet machines."
76561198268000124,Recommended,313160,32677934,Posted: 23 June,all,night owl,i loved fs15  because thire was so much to do.You could also play multipalyer on it and get mods to.
76561197972438302,Recommended,313160,25418957,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dryst,Buy This Game It's The Best-YYYYYAAAAAYYYYY!!!
,Recommended,313160,33660298,Posted: 19 July,all,Bad Dragon Lord,Nasus Simulator
,Recommended,313160,14928853,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Crooks Simulation,Awesome game
,Recommended,313160,19909761,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jack 4220,IT IS GREAT BUT WE NEED MORE STARTING TRACTOR AND BETTER MUCKSPEARD
76561198064111125,Recommended,313160,18292370,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MдгGёгд,"i've been wanting the game like since i was a kid bcoz i really like to watch combine, tractor, truck, etc in real life n i have a dream to drive em' out. this game is like a dreams come true. many mods u can fine via fs15mod n its fun to try em out"
76561198066950861,Recommended,313160,19622256,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SMITH02E,"I think farming sim 15 is a nice game, The graphics are supurb, I can hook up my Gaming controller to it and you can farm!! This game i would recommend this game to ANYONE, whether you are a FPS person, or a hardcore simulator fan, this games for you!!"
76561198183652434,Recommended,313160,19962647,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Simon45,Best game. this game are for simulator gamers. so funny to play this game. I will recommended this game 10/10
76561198121922078,Recommended,313160,19837824,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DR_smorn,"Its a the best simulator game out there, worth too buy"
76561198116044271,Recommended,313160,19955754,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Danger Noodle,"man, i love this game, Its so relaxing and peaceful other than all other games.. BAM BAM BOOM!!"
76561198038501158,Recommended,313160,12928290,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mrfireman631,Need a book to keep track of the controls and keys. Trying to figure out how to speed up the time
76561197963917534,Recommended,313160,19973198,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sօʋɛʀɛɨɢռ,"It is fun if you like to farm, but it gets very tedious and if you play the game normally crops and what not tend to take a long time to grow. i would rate this game 8/10 and im not a farming person"
,Recommended,313160,24170527,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Blair,I like it much needs better graphics  it looks copy and pasted the houses and needs to be more realistic  9/10
76561197990426151,Recommended,313160,12717906,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,AaronWestley,"Excellent launch+ Runs very smooth at 1920x1080 8xAA and AF on my i7-3770K w/ a GTX670+ Added feature of logging+ Attention to detail on equipment effects+ Far superior graphics compared to FS 2013+ Interesting map+ AI can now do some of the things you had to do manually in 2013+ If a tree is in the way, can cut it down and destroy its stump+ Can turn off withering- Occasional crash when cutting wood with a chainsaw- Logging needs balancing- After finding 10 coins, locations of the other 90 are revealed on the map- Ground is so rough always getting implements stuck in the ground when trying to manage timber- Game pauses when bringing up PDA- No history for income sheet- Similar implements have different controls making it very frustrating to use some of the forestry tools- Many of the pieces of equipment from the previous version not included"
,Recommended,313160,12692405,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,JiM,"THe best game a lot more to do im into simulations and so far this is the best, the new feature Woodcutting which i have had experience with in the Forestry mod for 2013 i really like the whole new feature, it does take a long time to make money but thats life."
76561197961900187,Recommended,313160,12924107,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tucan,relaxing and oddly addictive. great fun with friends although there are few bugs.
76561198070780699,Recommended,313160,12704866,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,biggestreimannd,Better graphics and physics.  The addition of a semi with a loyboy trailer has long been coming as has wood cutting.  Well be a even better game when the mods start rolling.  Selection of actual tractors is smaller than people keep saying.  But maybe future dlc will bring in more
,Recommended,313160,13075020,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,HUg0005,Graphics: AwesomeGameplay: AwesomeUpdate: AwesomeBUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313160,12836710,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MY DESTINY IS MY OWN,you can farm weed.ok on a real note i made like 5k for donating 1 wheat. so good. 12/3
,Recommended,313160,12735024,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,__,Just call me farmer Ted.
,Recommended,313160,16033505,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ripcord008,potatoes
,Recommended,313160,12822876,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Rhizal,"Very solid with lots of activites to explore. The game inclues large maps with plenty of terrain to traverse, along with a wide variety of vehicles and impliments to operate. Farming Simulator 15 is a game you can get lost in trying to constantly grow and improve your farming empire. You really can put tons of hours into the game and keep going. If you like simulators, this one is a well built must have."
76561198090455254,Recommended,313160,12723972,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mathew,"Awesome gamei thought that it would be vertually the same as farming simulator 2013 titanium edition but its loads better and go much more detail ok there only small things like dirt, tyre marks and  charater actually moves the steering wheel but its the attention they have to dettail they have paidif you liked 13 then you will love 15 loads bettercant wait to get enough money to buy logging vechicals"
,Recommended,313160,15559465,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Octanen,Honesty...10/10 would cut trees again.
76561198049921948,Recommended,313160,12702994,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AussieGamerRossB,It's a really good game love what they havedone with it can not want to see what happenswith the next game they come out with all aroundI give the game 10 out of 10 keep them coming :)
76561198112456107,Recommended,313160,12863280,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,cade_thompson,When is the Mac version coming out?
,Recommended,313160,12738524,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jolly 0yster,The newest iteration of this game continues the tradition of fun.  I am enjoying it very much!  Such a relaxing game!
,Not Recommended,313160,18666077,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,the terminator of all,It doesn't work as when i have loaded up the game I can play it but the graphics are all grey even in the lowest spec and you can only see the siloutte of shapes although the sky still looks perfectly fine please help anyone? This game would probably be a good game if it would work proparly and the controls were simplar
76561197967288772,Recommended,313160,13315388,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,D64NZ,Loved it.
,Recommended,313160,13569089,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TheNoobKappa,Cool farming simulatorSomething to change/add:ability to turn off/on your enginesbetter joining system(no more scyn)
76561197998954775,Recommended,313160,12730168,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,willywonka,"Even tho I like this game alot, compared to 2011 which was the last FS game i played, the differences are not huge, but improving, even tho, starting with a loan of 100k (atleast on normal that is), I feel the tractors and the tools costs to much, also you need to pay a good amount for using the thresher and multiple tractors at once to get the job done, for instance: we found out that using 2 standard sowing machines would be great, but the first tractor to even pull the second cultivator, costs about 160k, the money balance in multiplayer is awful, and to do side missions, mostly mowing and using a fork lift, the mowing seems okay money, but to do the fork lift missions, you need a tractor that costs 70k which is weaker then the first tractor and cant be used to drag any tools at all.+ to pay the loan on the side...7/10, GREAT GAME! but more tools/mods or fixing some on the money income/prices needs to be done for my part."
76561198065766590,Not Recommended,313160,24303508,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Myrtrec,"TLDR:  This is a cool tractor driving simulator, it is not an in-depth 'run a farming business' simulator.  Don't buy if you are looking for the economic depth of something like Tropico...I bought this game based on the reviews here, knowing that the majority of what people were talking about was the cool tractor driving, and assuming that surely there was an underlying economic business model behind the running of the farm.  Unfortunately, I was wrong in that assumption, and hence I only played the game for a few hours and won't be returning to it.  If all you are looking for is a cool tractor driving simulator, then cool, enjoy.  But, if you are looking for something where you can dig down in a ledger and see what fields have been producing well, what's the impact of fertilizing to the bottom line, how does the return on investment in the fields compare to the return on investment of buying bee houses or lettuce houses, etc, then this isnt the game for you.  The accounting ledger is extremely simple, doesn't allow you to see where all the in/outflows go, and doesn't allow you to see any history.  This may be a fun game for some, but it lacks the depth that I was hoping for, and I just wanted to warn others like myself.  Peace."
,Recommended,313160,15068435,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tunloink,"I really thought that I would hate this game. I mean, it looks likes CHORES.But now, I will farm all day, every day.For the rest of my life."
,Recommended,313160,12722459,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,lilmisschloe,"Nice improvements over FS2013, much better physics and graphics are nicer too, it's nice to see several mods built into the game now (I won't name them see if you can figure out which ones they are).  GIANTS have also drastically improved the beacons lighting effect & resolved issues from 2013.The game SHINES when you finally manage to get yourself the Scorpion King, its a joy to use and very satisfying, defo the icing on the cake.Overall I am pleased with this release, however I would of liked to see interactive cabs and more dials respresenting actual performance of the machine but Im just nit-picking here.Nice to see MODS being released after DAY 2 :)SCORE: 8.7 / 10"
,Not Recommended,313160,20490245,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,St8ks,Game breaking glitche to where nothing will unfold
,Recommended,313160,22307787,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Fox,Incredible graphics love it very relaxing 10/10
76561198007789156,Not Recommended,313160,23392861,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Yamadog32,I had experience on a farm so I thought I would give this game a try. In some ways it is a simple game. It is about micro management. Investing your money to make more money with your various farming incomes. 2 things really bothered me about the game. When you work a field you can hire a worker/bot to do the driving. The bot turns around outside the limits of the field which is not big deal unless other stuff is in the way. Also they have roads go by with bot cars so your farming bot gets stuck in the bot cars that go by. If there is an obstacle in the way the bot farmer will get stuck on that. If you want to do the driving that is fine but it takes time. I like having many things going at the same time but keeping them all going became a hassle.The second bummer was the time speed up you can use. It is good to have but the day and night cycle stay the same so you spend half the game farming in the dark which was no fun for me.They really needed to improve the path finding in this game so the bots don't just all pile up somewhere.If you like a management game this one you might like. It is a bit of a time waster also if you like that.The farming is European so there is no John Deere farm equipment. There are a lot of cool mods out there so you can have any thing you want but I was unable to make it work with the Steam version. The mods showed up in the menu but not in the game. Must want you to micro pay for those.
,Recommended,313160,14114546,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,bumpousscott,Highly Recommend> Such a Awesome Game!
76561198011531523,Recommended,313160,31755600,Posted: 14 May,all,Darren,Good
,Recommended,313160,16270676,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Hydrohydroxic Acid,who doesnt like farming
,Recommended,313160,17230116,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ϟϟ Köffi ϟϟ,"Tried kill myself in this game by AI harvester driver.Sad part is, when i was running to front of him, he stopped. F*CK!"
76561198089025743,Not Recommended,313160,23651153,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Abhi Racing,"Bought the game during a discount. While I like the concept of this video game itself, the minimum specs that they have published is very optimistic. You need a pretty powerful PC for this. And, since I mostly play driving and racing games, I have a G27 setup for it. The internet is full of hit or miss ideas to get it working. So many years and they still do not have proper support for the G27.  I still cannot get it to function properly. Hoping they release a version with support for popular devices like this.For me its a not recommended product at the moment while I try to get it working. If I do, then I will change my recommendation for it."
76561198104256476,Recommended,313160,12765441,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Skittles,awesome game
,Recommended,313160,12700959,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Blitz7287,"If your after a good well polished simulator look no further FS15 is awesome the handling of the vehicles is great, the textures are the best of any simulator game i've played and the logging adds a brilliant new element to the game and its a really fun game to play co-op with other like minded gamers. 10/10"
76561197964965491,Recommended,313160,30549340,Posted: 16 March,all,alvin wazdust,Ooh arr.
,Recommended,313160,32891728,Posted: 27 June,all,HezzYeroticShop,Coolie
76561198017925561,Recommended,313160,17455801,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Pearl,"So i pocket some coin from me misso, right. Shes got teh mad cash 'n shït, yeah?I load up teh deets into me Steam, an off we go. Pick myself a mad PVP server, because i ain't no püssy, i get da mad stomp on, yo. I planned for dis, right?. Got teh doritos an mountain dew (MLG muthafüka!) stacked up.So off we are, having a rumble an giggle in chat wit these scrubs, banging heads, ya'know, usual shït, yeh? Some goober sounding kid says to me over VOIP ""hey wanna do a raid wit me?"", and i'm like ""Yo, sick bro"", i figure i can getz some sweet gearz from tis kid, right?. We join up and do some basic scrubby low lvl shïtty dungeon farm. Kids not bad, got some sick plough skills 'n shït. He's rolling a Loader class, yeah, L538 wit a Pallet Fork, yo, flip 'n tip suckers. I always bust the heavy gear, bro, CASE Quadtrac 620, stomping bïtches in wit me tracs, right?End up griding to max lvl over the next few weeks together, rekting faces as we go 'n shït. Get some sick top tier raid gear too. Fük it, yeah, i got no job anyways. We cruise on up to Westbridge Hills, a ruthless PVP area looking for plebs to annihilate, and out rolls this tough guy wannabe hero fük in his New Holland T9.565, we end up havin a throw down wit this farm warrior noob. Pallet fork gives em teh 'ol flip 'n tip and i just go to town on this shït sipping mouth breather, cultivating the fük outta his face with the Quadtrac, yo. He starts yelping out his flabby mouth hole over VOIP, ""You killed my mount!"" or some füking crazy shït. I'm like ""yo, bïtch, GTFO of PVP if you can't handle the Quadtrac"". The shïtstain jïzz master gets rekt and drops out teh server, yeah, couldnt take on the Quady lol. Didn't even get to loot the fükrudders junk. pfft, fük it.8/8 gr8 r8"
76561198058309191,Recommended,313160,23148864,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,boboyt95,Fun game!
,Recommended,313160,23505315,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jack2244,realy good game
76561198273651528,Recommended,313160,23158672,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Hulivili123,"I love this game, best game!"
76561198120522315,Recommended,313160,13782948,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DJ,10/10 must play
76561198233241148,Recommended,313160,22708411,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sonny_66,I cant get my farming simulator to work or let me play
76561198116799793,Recommended,313160,13402041,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,(L&K) TheAwesomeCanadian,Realy Good Game
76561197993051500,Recommended,313160,25439972,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gib,great
76561198085593234,Recommended,313160,12703711,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,=7Cav=RET.Haroutounian.G,"Great game and SO under rated. Not only did they improve all the partical effects, graphics etc. from 2013, they added more and more vehicles to use and equipment which keeps the game interesting and still fun. ALSO, apart from the traditional farming... they added LOGGING. You literally get to drive around in a big machine with a scorpion like arm and cut a tree...strip its branches and bark and chop it into whatever size piece you would like, then throw it into a wood chipper or load it up and take it to sell it. Its simply just... awesome. If you are into games that require lots of time and patience as well as cool concepts, or just want to try something different, this is it.10/10, would buy again. Highly Recommended."
76561197972261430,Recommended,313160,12706741,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ReNNy,Can sell chicken eggs and corn to buy tractors. 10/10
,Recommended,313160,15111798,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,nova1990,"downloaded, was good for a whilegot crazy cow mod, game was even bettergot off the cow by accident, watched as my happy cow flew off at high speeds into the sunsetnow i have a sad dead crispy cowminute of silence for crispy cow please"
76561198084679995,Recommended,313160,23424249,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,zotopik720,such a fun game!! ive alot about farming thanks to this great game!
,Recommended,313160,28473196,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Siim,I like trains.
76561198192214951,Recommended,313160,28803657,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mw6xyl,this game is fun and also very worth the price defntly recomend you also don't a good laptop/computer eithier im got a laptop from 2 years ago acer and it runs fine it only lag when in big farms
,Recommended,313160,23464805,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Bob12345smile_xD,Boring if you don't have anyone to play with ;-; I cri all the time
,Recommended,313160,25393027,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sun Bro,Amazing
76561198239926884,Not Recommended,313160,20242843,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DMT924,Just No.♥♥♥♥♥♥Waste of Money.Slave labor 2015.
,Recommended,313160,14006500,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,disdat kickbak,"......,,,;;;#######;;,,.........###############.......############*'''*##.....#######***''''''........##...##**''''''....................*#...|..______........______..|....|..\__(_)_\....../_(_)__/..|......\...........\..../............./.......\...........°U°..... ....../........\........####........../..........\.......####........./............\..(_______)../...............\_________/........Du wurdest 卐GEHITLERT卐HITLERE andere Leute, um auch ein Führer zu werden. Du darfst mich nicht ZURÜCKHITLERN, da ich jetzt dein FÜHRER bin ✋卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐Hitlere mind. 5﻿ weitere Personen oder es wird in 88 Tagen um 12:00 Nachts ein geldgieriger Jude dein gesamtes Geld klauen"
76561198252019968,Recommended,313160,22310782,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,-DRegular,"this was an awesome game, for the first 2 months after a while you may get bored. However it was fun while it lasted and if i hadnt forgotten my password to my first steam account i would be to busy playing farming simulator to write this review"
76561198050908763,Recommended,313160,22848773,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,roberto.l.confessore,it doesn't work
,Recommended,313160,22526414,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GreyMan,"This is a great game. Many, many hours of gameplay.  There is a good modding communityand they are easy to install.  Logging is a little fustration. Overall I give it 8/10"
76561198167117929,Recommended,313160,22460525,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,{MJS-VTC} America's FFA,Farming Simulator 15 is an awesome game there are tons of mods you can download plus tons of custom modded maps you can play on I love the tractors and trucks and everything I just love the game it is a real good game I would rate this game a 10/10 great job Giants can't wait for FS17! :)
,Recommended,313160,22468840,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Cable Man,"Good game, extremely addictive."
76561198087337048,Recommended,313160,22624577,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mr awesome dude,"all of the farming simulaters a good ,but this is my favorite!!"
,Recommended,313160,16906382,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Limmin,"Wife tells me she thinks I'm happier, calmer and have an overall nicer vibe when I'm ""farming.""But the many hours of play lately have me wondering if she'll be upset at my new addiction.Peaceful, absorbing, time consuming, educational, and a lot deeper than it may seem at first.And the machinery looks and runs great."
76561198068908281,Not Recommended,313160,21561602,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,NickolasFedele,You dont really have an object there..-Just farming all day and night-Cost alot of moneyReally disapointed about this game..
,Recommended,313160,24018223,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,"Happy Farming Weed Simulator 15, im so addicted to it."
,Recommended,313160,13632881,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Warlock Holmes,Out of the 30 hours owning this game I've put 21 hours ingame time already 10/10 Would tell a friend!
,Recommended,313160,28333329,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Regenald,Honestly...................................................*Checks watch*................................................*sips  coffee*............................................*sighs*.............................................................I've only played the game for two hours.
,Recommended,313160,24001762,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ficone,Nice game !
76561198260571742,Recommended,313160,25997145,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,creeperslayer637,its a good game id say its worth the moneyive had a lot of fun with it so far although some things arent that realisticbut thoes things stick out to me more because i live on a farm in ohio
,Recommended,313160,20768344,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ZackGFX,AMAZING GAME i run it on 64mb graphics at 50fps AMAZING GAME FOR MY PC
,Recommended,313160,32242731,Posted: 7 June,all,RoseaBee,"My boyfriend and I love this game. Our favorite ""mode"" if you will, is the forestry. It is shockingly and amazingly fun even though it can be a little frustrating loading up logs into the truck with a crane (there's an easier way of course (just find it on youtube), we just didn't know that first go around)."
,Recommended,313160,23484505,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HH |  Cowboy,ASWOME GAME LOVE IT!!!
,Recommended,313160,12819010,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kilikoli,"better graphics than prevosious titles but netcode for logs in MP is horrible, but still i recommend (dont cut entire forests down when in multiplayer, if so bugs and lag are real)"
76561198030394145,Recommended,313160,12825408,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,CareBear,as like any new game there will be bugs to fix have fun with friend
76561198075028578,Recommended,313160,12826289,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,tom-evans1,will it come out on mac and when ?
,Recommended,313160,12931305,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Avantasian1775,That game is the shizz...Nuff said!10/10
,Recommended,313160,12937125,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,YOUYU,"if you like big machinerys , this is a game to get !"
76561198089249890,Recommended,313160,12759707,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,guillemcodo,amazing game!!!
76561198096397534,Recommended,313160,14938118,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,On VACation bitches xD,troll
,Recommended,313160,12707031,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mitchell985,amazing... :-)
,Recommended,313160,12758290,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Duppie,great game that got even better with the 2015 release
76561197992960691,Recommended,313160,12704140,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,JohnDWW,So far I like the game. I don't care for the having to check to see the missions. I like having the more time like 10 or 20 Minutes. I'll have more comments later
,Recommended,313160,12802011,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,edzonis,"plz fix multiplayer, its unplayable. when i start my server afther some time game crashes, help!"
76561198035457827,Recommended,313160,23736062,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Arrancar,I have been playing FS since 2009. This version have many things improved. It's fun.
76561198165269950,Recommended,313160,15440350,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Aaron,god game good graphics but 1 thing i dont like when you start buildings to far away from each other
76561198305155999,Not Recommended,313160,23933114,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,henrymorelee,if you want farming simulotor get it from gaints not hear it has came up with gaint progame not responding any time i want to play
,Recommended,313160,22175191,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hazza_XD,Best game ever!
,Not Recommended,313160,24872457,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[S.T.M.I] 002 - Om Ridho,"Lagging in MultiplayerActually I like this game , but it made me bored when I played in Multiplayer, I couldn't control all vehicles because it was so laggy. Really it was so hard to control, so I am not recommend this game for someone who like to play Multiplayer, especially for players who live in Asia like me."
,Recommended,313160,21798178,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[WP4L]Exiled,Why? Just because
76561198079263377,Recommended,313160,21815550,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Evilsanta,THIS GAMES  PHYICS ARE AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313160,21800330,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AlienNGP,very good game
76561198072247170,Recommended,313160,24278014,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Pirouetd,Absolutly amazing!!
76561198137644723,Recommended,313160,29524198,Posted: 27 January,all,COFFEE-NATOR,Great game!
,Recommended,313160,22257518,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Just Call Me Daddy,pretty god damn decent
76561198168846275,Recommended,313160,22229267,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,RandomVisuals,is good
,Recommended,313160,29147736,Posted: 9 January,all,Oberleutnant cAkE,There are Cows.Thats all.
76561198141119627,Recommended,313160,17919885,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,misguidedtick20,doesnt work all i get is a black screen waste of my money piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197988300847,Recommended,313160,12696678,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,peanutunt,this is fuXXing awesomeyou need buy it if you like simulator game!
,Recommended,313160,21187181,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Joe,its good
76561198050856179,Recommended,313160,25649994,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Yogurt Tubes,More gameplay then No Man's Sky
76561197985449665,Recommended,313160,15449619,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Johannes 世破涅主,"Very addictive gameplay, and the graphics are in a word: WOW! Highly recommend this game because it's not only fun.. It's EDUCATIONAL! :D ... But don't go thinking this is enough to prepare you for the real thing. Farm life is hard backbreaking work with nearly no vacations once you decide to invest in animals. Don't even get me started on how much everything costs. So go buy this game, it's the next best thing!"
76561198081748469,Recommended,313160,13233022,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DR.JERKY MCDILDORENO,really great game if u like any type of simulator get this on maybe a little buggy but it is worth it
,Recommended,313160,13269386,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ohhhhhh,"Macht richtig Spaß, allerdings für Einsteiger sehr schwierig :D"
,Recommended,313160,13033584,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,the10T,I live in Iowa farming pretty popular here id say. im not a farmer myself. I think this is a great game! its more than just farming its money management too! but the farming is great. i owned the last farming simulator too but on the ps3. I bought it on the pc this time so i wouldnt have a limited number of vehicles i could own and stuff like that! this game is very similar to the last with a few more tractors added and a couple things of equipment! The graphics have been improved! you can also do lumberjacking now too. Great game though
,Recommended,313160,13035539,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Zack/Wolf427,"I've had this game for only 10 days and I was hooked on the first day. The graphics are amazing and the fact you can use turn signals, leave tire marks in the ground, and the fact that your equipment gets dirty overtime is absolutely amazing, it makes the game more realistic. Forestry being added to this game is perfect because if you hire a worker and then encounter a tree that prevents them from doing the job you just cut it down, remove the stump, and take the logs away or turn them into woodchips and then the worker can continue with no problem. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,313160,13047986,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,England Karate,its a good and addicting game
76561198107467801,Recommended,313160,13048682,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lt black burn,the game is a pretty good game
,Recommended,313160,13048692,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BIG_DON,"Perhaps the Very Best Simulator game out there. It's very in depth in the field management with abilities to expand into other areas of farming like tree farming, green houses, and even solar/wind farming. The game can be played solely as a crop farm, tree farm, animal farm, or as all types above. There's also a very active modding community which the game developers seem to pay attention to and add popular things to the game in updates and/or DLC."
76561197963211308,Recommended,313160,13048845,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,-=[BS]=- ding,"What a great, different and fun gaming experience. If you grew up around farms this game will bring back some good memories. It is also great to enjoy together with your friends or on your own when you are running a successful business in singleplayer. I especially enjoy the high quality of the 3D models within the game.I would highly suggest to look up the many free (!) mods for this game created by the community (vehicles, maps, placeables, game improvements, ...) - They really expand the gaming experience and give you a lot of new equipment to try out!Some minor cons I have found:- The ambient AI traffic is a little bit awkward in its behavior.- For high-end computers the graphic settings are too basic and restricted. (Tip: You can greatly extend draw, view and shadow distance by manually editing settings in the mapXX.i3d files found in the game folder using the Notepad. This should really be an option to edit using the in-game menu, though!)- Even though I don't operate real tractors, the acceleration feels a little bit too intense and fast. Steering could also feel a little bit 'heavier'.Besides these, I really love the game and I especially like the community supporting it with great mods!"
,Recommended,313160,25161053,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,iAmMakrele,igh mak dieschen spil da kan man pfharen unt gunz schnel lauven
76561198088000180,Recommended,313160,25504036,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,wmyers96,it fun
,Recommended,313160,26550925,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TommyK154,"I've been playing this game to hold me over til the inevitable Cyber Monday sale on FS17, and man is it still fun. Got this a while ago and stopped playing for one reason or another but happy to get back to it. Really no reason to get this over FS17 which improves upon this game in every area. But just wanted to finally give this game the positive rating it deserves"
,Recommended,313160,13795835,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Norwegiancam,11/10When you are playing this game you get the feeling that you are a farmer.Better then the new call of duty
76561198096754275,Recommended,313160,24335941,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TANNER_THOMAS,"This game is just awesome. Graphics are amazing, The game details are just amzing!! Another game done well by Giants Software i Recommend this game to thoses who love agriculture games!!"
76561198271382715,Recommended,313160,21537539,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,wardivan613,JDEJJCRJVHRTJNEJMND
76561198095727978,Recommended,313160,24238301,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Brayd24,Most played game I have ever had. It is so wonderful!
76561198106331461,Recommended,313160,24303038,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Matt_797Gaming,This Game is Very Cool Becuase It has the Best of the Best in 2015!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198167333267,Recommended,313160,23996912,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,psjbeech,ive played all the farming sim games this by far is the best and has amazing mod support for anyone who wants to extend there game definatly worth buying even when its not on sale you wont be dissapointed if your in to farming or sim games
,Recommended,313160,24000337,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wingsaber20,I've spent 90+ hours telling AI which feilds to drive machines around on.  This game is weird and I love it.
,Recommended,313160,15182600,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vintage Boy,Probably the best one of them all!
,Recommended,313160,13101647,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GoldWarfighterClan,love the game wish they fixed the forestry tho
76561198007437904,Recommended,313160,13118633,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Maximus,Awesome game a must have!
,Recommended,313160,13167256,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Markz,Veri nyce came!
,Recommended,313160,13168358,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,frosty,10/10
76561198106616950,Recommended,313160,13127222,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bubbles,"Love this game!  It's a great simulator where you can take care of animals, log, or plant and harvest!  With many ways to enjoy this game it's a great buy!!!"
,Recommended,313160,13082147,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,UnderworldHazeGaming,Absolutly amazing game 10/10
76561198062478859,Recommended,313160,13095998,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,fuck everything,Nothing more satisfying then watching your crops rise and you making that sweet sweet cash.
,Recommended,313160,13145759,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NuroX,Really fun game to paly with friends
,Recommended,313160,13093092,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,UnsoughtThree,Let's see where to start.This game is relaxing and fun even though the idea is very basic. Some things like patato harvesting could be made a little less annoything but this game is amazing. I have a ton of games in my library and when I get bored and try to think of a game to play that is fun and passes time I think of Farming Sim 15. There are times i plan on playiing 30 mins and I end up playing 8 hours XD I highly recommend this game
,Recommended,313160,13082456,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kostek,god game
76561198127318472,Recommended,313160,13166816,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wilson,Brilliant game. I cant stop playing it
76561198123441092,Recommended,313160,13090639,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Strait-Up-Lazy,"its great, but theirs a few things updates can fix, like real farmers have excavaders and bachoes, the ability to dig!! and their  is the prosessors. the machines are made to crawl around a hill side ffs guys! getting stuck on a small hill is no good.@ psyics!!! nothing feels heavy. its the small things that count. keep up the good work! and lets see an update soon!"
,Recommended,313160,13145188,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Goro Goro Brother,"It's better than the last game, and I never get tired of it. Its so good, I haven't even played much, and I like this game!"
,Recommended,313160,13157997,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dymentrey,This Game is fun as hell without mods
,Recommended,313160,13154946,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Soren Mercer,"Quite enjoying the game, but the only thing that would make it exponetially better for me would be wheel and TrackIR support."
76561198040566239,Recommended,313160,13156467,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kasper,I really just love this game. Get the GPS mod- it is a game changer because you don't have to hire someone to run the planter just for the sake of keeping it straight.Just an outstanding modding community in general!
,Recommended,313160,13164902,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Philly,Jolly good! :)
76561198125092932,Recommended,313160,13175354,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PCMASTERRACE265,"I really have to say, giants, you did a heck of a job with this simulator. it is outstanding. added a few things, changed some textures, it is all around a great and awesome game. logging is what is the fun part of it all. thats awesome. so giants deserves a great amount of credit for their thoughts and imput. thank u for a wicked next gen simulator"
,Recommended,313160,13100156,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Pixilated_Milk,"Supprisingly addictive, This is a game about Farming as you may have guessed so far I've managed to sow, harvest and tip many 'fruits', cut down many trees and become a millionare all in one game. Didn't think I would like this game but as I said it's addictive and before you know it you've racked up hours upon hours in this game. 3.5 stars"
,Recommended,313160,13176232,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tanman,"This game is actually pretty awesome! The graphics are decent and the gameplay is good. The only thing that I can think would make it better would be have seasons, winter and have snowplows  and such. Even could be a addon!"
,Recommended,313160,23992638,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,stevenberling,This is certainly a fun time killer.  I enjoyed the effects and the structure of the game.  if one thing could have been improved it woul dbe more State side equipment.
76561197974207101,Recommended,313160,23907645,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BcBoy,"Baah, you need to farm alot to get money.....Jokes aside. Here it is.Info:The game let's you take control over a farm with some bad quiality equipment. You have to harvest, cultivate, sow and fertilize the fields to generate income. This is done with the equipment and YOU are driving them. For a lot of boring tasks you can hire bots to do it for you, for a fee of course.Bring your friends and farm togheter. It will be alot more fun.When the cash starts to roll in you can buy more equipment, or sell of some old junk and buy better stuff. Or maybe a new field. The choice is yours.Pros:-Lot's of equipment to play around with.-a ""#¤%load of mods are avaible if you get tired of the ingame equipment. (Including new maps)-Graphics are not incredible, but i'm ok with it.-A good balance between realism and dynamics.Cons:-A.I might be a bit stupid sometimes.-Wierd lag in Multiplayer (Might be my friends connection/computer. Still investigating)-To few crops.Summary:A really good game, especially if you are interested in farming.The pros are weighting alot more then the cons.10/10 would farm again."
,Recommended,313160,17297144,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,''ＩＣＯ☁'',ihan sika hyvä peli ja mahtavat grafiikat eikä pätki koskaan suosittelen ostaan jos on kineista kiinnostunutpelistä löytyy myös metsäkoneita ja paljon muuta mukavaa kaksin olis vielä hauskempi pelaa mut yksinkin on ihan kivaa pelata hieman enenmän koneita vois kyllä olla ilman että joutuu ostaan tai modaanmiksi kaikki koneet ei voisi olla valmiiksi pelissä siitä pientä miinusta
,Recommended,313160,32944668,Posted: 28 June,all,Bert Dingle,Can run through fields of wheat. 11/10 would Theresa May again
76561197993613813,Recommended,313160,13412382,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Arcticspyder,Fantastic. The game quickly develops and you get sucked in.
,Recommended,313160,20194230,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mat [288],The game is better with the Realistic mods!  Use Mods Guys!
,Recommended,313160,20192702,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DarkLegendx,"This game is super fun if you love to take your time to get a profit get it, it is worth the money of buying it!"
76561198271759909,Recommended,313160,28733119,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mlg @n0n¥M0u$ Jeff,i like the game but i need to learn how to play it so i do recommend this game
76561198130333001,Recommended,313160,28764779,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HT,Very Fun
76561198143707438,Recommended,313160,28765778,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,THE BEST 3,Great game tutorials are useful so use them and it is a great game
76561198044470236,Recommended,313160,16539908,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Snowbird 3D,Great game if like Sim Stuff 90/100
76561198041827515,Recommended,313160,22831142,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DB Cooper,I love this game!  It is the best simulation game I have played.  I have over 300 hours racked up playing this game and when I start playing this game I lose all track of time.  I have even stayed up all night playing the game.  I have purchased alot of the add-ons and have downloaded alot of the mods for this game and it just makes it that more interesting.
76561198047087707,Recommended,313160,22527806,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Gr1mly,I love Farming Simulator 15 it is one of the best farming sims out there
,Recommended,313160,22572445,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Xerion,Good base game. But the modding community is amazing! You may search up a mod and end up getting 10 mods that you never new existed!
76561198095097732,Recommended,313160,22417084,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Hank Williams,This game is fun and surprisingly addictive. Definitely recommend this game.
76561198097549928,Recommended,313160,22578106,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,jertmr,hell yeah
,Recommended,313160,22583939,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BusyGamer,"Great graphics best yet,smooth game play,great machinery detail, better mechanics...... cons not enough mods yet,recommend it of course!!!!!"
,Recommended,313160,22429154,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,[LV-LoGSTX]-Edzus12,nice game :)
76561198174494362,Recommended,313160,22468642,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,FaZe Thestranger,this game is very fun and u should get it
76561198286560982,Recommended,313160,22555491,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DOUGLAS henry,i love it
,Recommended,313160,22646410,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,[F8L] Mycrus,relaxing fun... even played this with my kid (had to buy a different copy just for her)...
,Recommended,313160,27026302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Josh,farming
,Recommended,313160,21769804,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Princess,Send help.
76561198197470682,Recommended,313160,28257430,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,XTGBT,jojojojojojojojojoojojojojojojoojojojojojojoojojojojojojojojojo
,Recommended,313160,28278008,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rhino,Great gane for if you were thinking about being a farmer when you grow up
,Recommended,313160,18509542,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,disrespected,I want to be a real farmer now
76561198171556691,Recommended,313160,18509433,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Thee_Ren,great game
,Recommended,313160,18497684,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Itz excel,great great game
76561198131348472,Recommended,313160,16884069,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,JAKE69,This game is AWSOME!! the graphics are amazing and i like how when u are driving on dirt or anything it leaves a tire imprint into the ground its cool. i recommend this game to anyone that loves farming simulators.
76561197984588871,Recommended,313160,21509312,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GoodFellow19,i love tractors!
76561198063102272,Recommended,313160,17929522,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr. Deer (cwhandersen),10/10
76561198089238984,Recommended,313160,13942645,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hermonie Grung,"Really, treally, really fun"
76561198046326255,Recommended,313160,12875419,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,TAPE,"Great game, lots of stuff to do."
76561198118258214,Recommended,313160,12747565,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jacob,"AWESOME GAME, WORTH EVERY BITBut, need to work out the buggs with logging"
76561198131514561,Recommended,313160,14372200,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chaserz,i completely recommend this game best ever game!! its well worth its money yet again another amazing game. Keep it up developers your doing an absolutely amazing job! played it for 1-2 hours and i absolutely love this game i recommend this game to everyone :)i now have 192 hours in farming simulator 15 and im still loving the game!
76561198144820974,Recommended,313160,15297434,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Moa Hunter,"This is the new farming simulator.It is defenttly the best farming game out there of what I know of.There is lives stock like cows sheep and chickens.There is lots of tractors and implemnts to play around with wal you play the game.They have new and inproved graphes, textures and fizics engens.I would like to see more animals in the game but is still a good game.!!!I SAY BUY THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FOR PANCAKES ALL AROUND THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198028791609,Recommended,313160,13205986,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Stooge,"EDIT: Changed review, see notes below.It was fun right up until I decided to do forestry. Then it went horribly wrong. Spent hours trying to get a tree into the wood chipper. It was like there was an invisble block in the way. I'm not the only one either, based on forum posts I've read. It's just not worth the amount of time I spent trying to figure it out. The rest of it is fun enough, but I can tell already that it will become a massive grind for very little point.Overall, I can't recommend it, to be honest. If, however, you're hard core into simulators then I'd at least suggest you wait for a really good sale.UPDATE: After playing some more, and finding a couple of forestry mods I am changing this to a recommend. The recent patch helped as well. Check around for various mods, they enhance the experience quite a bit."
,Recommended,313160,14786968,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Racer,awesome
76561198130080363,Recommended,313160,15207372,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,U_ltra R_apid B_oiii,Literally for if you want to be a farmer. Or just for fun.Amazing Gameplay and Graphics. DLC's come from farming simulator's website.
,Recommended,313160,14741756,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jorky,"So.Here I am.Driving my tractorWith my sower?And my friend joins""Oh My!""Me and my friend can now play together?Hoorah!It is time to create a vast farm together!We will be so productive!That was my first mistake...*About an Hour Later*As I harvested my wheat for the second time I heard in my ear, from skypeFriend: ""Hey dude""Me: ""Yep? Did you buy the sheep?""Friend: ""Nope""Me: ""Ok what did you buy then?""Friend: ""...""It went silent...Which was fineUntil the truck nation attacked.My friend had spent over 100k on trucks and accesoriesHe slammed his beautiful new truck into my dirty old Lamborghini Tractor.Dont worry. Lamborghini's are invincible.Just keep them away from kyrptoniteOf course. No damage.But there was never damage.Only dirt.10/10 Deffinietly BuyDont buy the ITRunners pack tho.Not worth it."
76561198070474219,Recommended,313160,25614535,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Matt SG-3,This game is so the sh#t right now
,Recommended,313160,31174054,Posted: 16 April,all,maverick,I THINKS ITS BLOODY FUN
,Recommended,313160,29229304,Posted: 13 January,all,Dimitri | csgoroll.com | CSGO500,cool
,Recommended,313160,18370034,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PIGL3T,love it just wish for more maps not Moded maps if u ride over crops they must die other than that great game
,Recommended,313160,15050679,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,nem,Je e bonde!
,Recommended,313160,15048736,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Underage,Hardcore! Would Procure again.
76561198043106033,Recommended,313160,12752481,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Britishwarrior,great game
76561198009565196,Recommended,313160,21033713,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aris_Shark,I liked it..the only think I dont like at this types of games are the DLCs
,Recommended,313160,20401176,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,british banter,good simulator
76561198160362066,Recommended,313160,21651010,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,{Ret.} Gren. Nathan {914.GR}[1],really good and in depth simulator
76561198250212970,Recommended,313160,23053150,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,dapaintboss,WTF UGG why DONT IT WORK FOR WINDOWS 8 I TYRED TEN AND IT WORKS BUT when I tried my windows 8 laptop it says first time setup and installing Microsoft directX (even though I have it and that ended up launching then on windows 10) and then loads for ages then says windows can not support this or there was error. but in still recommend it because its fun SO PLS LEAVE A COMMENT TO HELP ME SOLVE THIS !!!
76561198250450396,Recommended,313160,22577658,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,tarinous,good game but with this many mods it is hard to run a sever
,Recommended,313160,22473136,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,9Raptor,great game buy it
76561198081631586,Recommended,313160,22559339,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,partaproductions,Excellent game! A lot of fun!
,Recommended,313160,22616469,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KappaM ツ cs.money,"If you're considering purchasing this game, I would highly suggest purchasing it and finding others to play with.  Although playing alone and with mods can be extremely fun, bringing others into the picture help the game last."
76561198189125933,Recommended,313160,22508524,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,dertebbers22,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,313160,33051440,Posted: 30 June,all,MONSTERCAT_147™,10/10 ♥♥♥♥in buy
76561198070240715,Recommended,313160,18178634,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,lewisthefirefighter_999_112,it is a grat game to play its very caming and funny to get in to if you wont a game to let you relacks this is it
,Recommended,313160,23029527,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mark H,"Was hesitant about buying this upfront because it seemed pretty boring, but it's actually a very good game that sucks you in. There's no real story, you're just farming and try to make more money to buy better equipment to make the farming easier and/or quicker.The selection of two maps is not a lot of choice, but they're two really good maps with plenty of variation and ability to play for many, many hours on end.There's some form of getting started tutorial built in to the game, but it does lack quite a bit of information if you're nwe to the series. For some of the more advanced parts of the game you'll need to either figure it all out yourself just by trying random things, or close the game to search the web.With the available mods (tons of 'm) you can get new equipment, maps and even advanced tools that allow you to fully automate your farming. My personal favorite way of playing this is to automate the most repetitive actions with the hired helpers as well as mods like FollowMe and CoursePlay, while focusing my own time mostly in making sure things overall run smoothly and to expand the farm.  The modded maps I've tried so far though tend to be harder (not necessarily in a good way) than the core maps. Either you constantly get stuck because there is a tree in the middle of a field or too close to the field edge, or the farm is so tiny you can hardly manouvre around with the bigger tippers to drop off the harvest. Overall though the mods really add to the game, so it's worth exploring those.Things I don't like about the game:- Small selection of high quality, well tested maps- Have had a few crashes (from looking at the logs this appears to be from a mod crashing and taking the game with it) and lost quite a bit of progress because this game sucks you in so bad you forget to save every now and then and the game does not autosave. There's a mod for that though!Things I do like:- Works nicely (aside from those mod crashes) on both my PC and MacBook Pro (which does tend to get quite hot after a bit)- Extensive mods available, and lots of resources on wikis and YouTube.- Whenever driving by a farm I recognise equipment or know what they're doing now.- Co-op multiplayer. Would be interesting to also see a versus mode though, to compete against friends in building a farming empire on the same map."
76561198079194205,Recommended,313160,22990075,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Honey I Yiffed the Kids,A big upgrade from FS13 easier to play no bullsh*t physics getting all of your starting tractors stuck and forestry!
76561198245239838,Recommended,313160,23013507,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CornyCorn,"This game is so amazing! I've spent hours on this game, and have to come to the conclusion that with the amazing graphics and gameplay, that Giants software has created a winner. And the best part is if you ever get tired of the base game you can always mod the game! So what are you waiting for get yours today!"
76561198185087857,Recommended,313160,23001261,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,xRABYx,Love this game
76561198195751909,Recommended,313160,23045576,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,bobbymedlin,very good game needs some improvements:)
76561198041161268,Recommended,313160,23008857,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,QkillhawkNL,nice sim!
,Recommended,313160,23014050,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,maxblaschke,"I love this game! I bought all the DLC and dont regret it. Very entertaining, and even runs well on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop."
,Recommended,313160,16334312,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,First,awesome game!
,Recommended,313160,19025753,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,daaaadddddeeeeee,I have friends that have it but it sucks cause i cant run it even on the lowest settings but i do recommend
76561198012815385,Recommended,313160,12799824,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,neededlotus5,"definite graphics/physics upgrade from 2013- same fruit types but i realy like the details you can see heat ripples coming out of tailpipes thats pretty much the new stuff however its pretty much the same as 2013 but it does give you the option to forgo animal husbandry and go into woodcutting/forestry or you could do both if you want- oh and you can wash dirt off your equptment which can be extreme if you leave it on too long, like i said new cosmetics but overall same game so dont expect alot of changes but still a solid alternative to buying 2013 if you havent already..yes i will recommend."
,Recommended,313160,15441154,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hawk Gaming Network,This is really great still needs minor tweaks but not bad at all.
,Recommended,313160,23627458,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,inimalgamer,it s good in window 10 the fps was in 20  i like the game
76561198129164434,Recommended,313160,18557671,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kbsmoke,"OMG! Such a fun game.  I can mow, log and farm.  Also great mods for great roleplay.  Ran someone over with my monster truck.  10/10 would run over random car again"
76561198005791587,Not Recommended,313160,18748638,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,beagle1963,"Erscheinungstermin für Gold DLC ist heute. Kein download ,keine Erklärung, nichts.das ist nich nett von Steam."
,Recommended,313160,20172972,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Marinxar,"Having loads of fun with this. It is a big improvement on the FS 2013, which I also loved. So yeah, a big thumbs up from me."
76561198155684517,Recommended,313160,23144001,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,kennymackey212,Great game hours of fun
76561198104805423,Not Recommended,313160,14227632,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BUSH,dont buy the game for steam they scame you it does not work
,Recommended,313160,14668812,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Droolmonkey2000,"if your a little kid at heart, you're gonna have a great time!"
,Recommended,313160,23970372,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,dank doggo,Fun game overall just wish they had a steam workshop and in game cheats instead of having to mod the game files!
76561198094635065,Recommended,313160,20735614,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bolbi,CANT... STOP... FARMING
76561198106859181,Recommended,313160,20364767,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MAXIE,"I spent a good 100 hours into this game and 150 hours in Farming Simulator 2013. I don't reget any of it. Lets start with the   pro's.PRO'S-Runs on low end computers-Amazing Graphics-Mods-DLC-Tons of equipment-Cows-Sheep-Chickens-Forestry-Silage-Good pysics-Vehicals get dirtyCons-Could use more crops such as fruits-No wild animals such as birds, deer, etc.-Houses are plain-More animals such as pigs, and goatsOveral I would recemend this to any one who wants to be a farmer and doesnt want to gey dirty."
,Recommended,313160,34114381,Posted: 8 August,all,Puff,You farm what else you think fam  10/10
76561198063452048,Recommended,313160,12930073,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,NASSER_NFM,Very good game :)
76561198030411025,Recommended,313160,12872832,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,BIGMEL03,nice
76561198121855256,Recommended,313160,12911526,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,haba_cynthia,I HAVE BEEN WATCHING PEOPLE PLAY THIS IN TWITCH LOOKS LIKE ALOT OF FUN SO I BOUGHT ONE FOR ME AND HUBBY   WE LOVE IT ITS WORTH THE MONEY I CANT GET ENOUGH OF IT BUT I ONLY HAVE ONE THING WISH THERE WAS MUSIC TO IT AND A HAT TO WAVE YEEEEE HAWWWWW LOL .... THEY ALSO NEED A LADY FARMER NOT JUST MEN ......LADIES LIKE TO FARM TO
76561197967864400,Recommended,313160,12879972,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ForsakenSco,"online farming, Need to know more intensifies"
,Recommended,313160,12943765,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,nak0604,Worth every penny if you like Farming Simulator series
76561198002203943,Recommended,313160,15886764,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pebbleform,"There i was, at the arcade with my ♥♥♥♥♥ josh playing some air hockey, when suddenly I hear a voice ""oi, give us a game""Turn around and a smoking hot 17 year old gypsy stands before me, it was one of those girls where you instantly got a boner and where a♥♥♥♥♥♥charge with 10 years in prison and a public assault charge was worth it.Anyway, after a game of air hockey impressing her with my hockey skills, she invites me back to hers. Unfortunately, this meant ditching josh.Too bad, josh.We got there, i was expecting a caravan site but i was met with a huge house, probably the biggest house on the street! I thought ""Great, she's rich too!"" We went inside and I met her mother, who seemed great, no sign of a father or brother. I assumed this was it.We went upstairs and into her room. I noticed a few strange things in there, like the stuffed puffer fish hanging from her window handle, and a collection of 20 ""annabelle-like"" dolls that surrounded her room, but apart from that the giant satan star on her bedroom floor was quite fitting.It was at this point she pulled out her sacrificial knife and asked if she could offer my soul to satan, i declined by punching her in the kidneys, launching myself out of her bedroom window like a frisbee and landing safely in my car. I drove away as quickly as i could, never to see her again.After buying Farming Simulator 2015 i regret the decision i made that day, because 40 hours of this game sucked out my soul and sold it to satan anyway"
,Recommended,313160,32934634,Posted: 28 June,all,ferko88,Realistic farming game.
76561198152977789,Recommended,313160,30973991,Posted: 5 April,all,wakerdukefan,Easy to install mods!
,Recommended,313160,31727724,Posted: 13 May,all,zappegill,I feel like a man now.. ty
76561198352759380,Recommended,313160,32918086,Posted: 28 June,all,DJb34,great game
76561198168233653,Recommended,313160,32928975,Posted: 28 June,all,alexander_games,good game :)
76561198125899650,Recommended,313160,30977553,Posted: 6 April,all,Noah Fence,Bloody good game.
,Recommended,313160,31737070,Posted: 13 May,all,Soggy,tractor fun
,Recommended,313160,32811634,Posted: 26 June,all,T_Q Qatroo,best game if you like farming
76561198359422995,Recommended,313160,29885067,Posted: 12 February,all,FirePheonix9526,Ive really enjoyed this game. Ihope i get FArming Simulator 17 sent to me or for free because i dont want to have to buy it for frickin $35.
,Recommended,313160,30945387,Posted: 4 April,all,TicklishPickleWickle,very Good
76561198115738619,Recommended,313160,15017388,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Nut Overload,yes it was good
76561198211803815,Recommended,313160,34283894,Posted: 16 August,all,Supfisho,BEST FARMING GAME(BUT BUY FS17 INSTED ;-))
76561198079102426,Recommended,313160,34273335,Posted: 16 August,all,NoTime,Fun game
,Recommended,313160,19643020,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Handsome Peter,"Very good game, 10/10 I am exited for the new 2016 version to come out!"
,Recommended,313160,19748963,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,zolee,For those who are bored a lot. In this game great pastime!
76561198240601336,Recommended,313160,19833134,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ethan7164,"i love this game i play it every weekend and i like the grafics and the new items you can purchase in the store and the forestry, cattle...etc. so i recomend this game"
76561198257054809,Recommended,313160,19715736,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,oragegamer60,this is one of my favourit games
,Recommended,313160,19723076,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Supperman940,Awesome game. worth the money
,Recommended,313160,19743216,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Human Tree92,Its a fun game. Even more fun with friends. Farming and cutting down trees.
76561198115910220,Recommended,313160,19997980,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,joeymousemat,reel good
,Recommended,313160,25223140,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,YG,Very nice game! I love to download mods to it.
,Recommended,313160,12879579,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ForestWolfPowa,FarmingSimulator <3
,Recommended,313160,12871354,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,classified,"Worth it, Fun game for Twitch Try it out it is amazing"
76561198099057259,Recommended,313160,12972298,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tall Morty,♥♥♥♥ing love this game !!
,Recommended,313160,12875908,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[FL:RP] Arch.B,People Call Me Sad For Buying This I Just Say Its Amazing.Ive Never said that.
,Recommended,313160,19997105,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gedas,it's k
,Recommended,313160,19763116,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lauri,Great Game! :)
,Recommended,313160,19944737,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nian1337,This game is so good. Only need to fix some bugs in multiplayer.
76561198264489106,Recommended,313160,19976695,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FatTortoise05,"it  is a really good game, and i would reccomend it to any body who loves adventurous and strategic games !"
,Recommended,313160,19812248,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,juhos3000,"This game is so awesome. there so much to do, you can buy forestry machines, tractors etc.there is one minus. Handlings are soooo weird"
76561198050118412,Recommended,313160,19710787,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Benio,Farming for the masses! without all the wet & cold
76561198168510483,Recommended,313160,19974469,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[UHH-8]TheScottishGuy,great game :) :) :>
,Recommended,313160,19540606,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,bobfoss79,"Great simulator.  A little tricky to figure out because of lack of tutorial.  But,  plenty of help to be found on the Internet.  Enjoy reliving my childhood,  sort of."
76561198132030866,Recommended,313160,19543190,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,gerharddejong,one of the best simulator games in my opinion
,Recommended,313160,19864358,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,leftSideJ,"To control nature with my two hands, and harvest it with the most rediculously oversized harvester the world has ever seen. I might be millions in debt to the bank, but damn this tractor has so many buttons!!!"
,Recommended,313160,19891585,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,farmerboykyle16,Great game hours of fun for everyone
76561198231289176,Recommended,313160,19920750,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rožės Raudonos,gers gams
76561197991803312,Recommended,313160,19522381,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,trevor_risdal,"130+ hours and I just learned how to make silage and manage my livestock.  I play a lot of games and this one consumed my life in the past 3 months.  After 80 hours I bought the Saitek Farming Simulator wheel, pedals and control panel.  I am never going to stop now.  Its crack."
76561198157990013,Recommended,313160,19572912,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,hgbehrends,I had a blast for hundreds of hours. Money well spent. I only stopped playing because I had finally done every map I could find and every add on I could locate.
76561198193900528,Recommended,313160,19637309,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Youtube:PilotBoyZK-BEN,great game
76561198104844994,Recommended,313160,19677535,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sparrow 76,Really good game recommend it completly.
,Recommended,313160,19762437,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Pinky,"Overall 9/10...Excellent and engaging game... Great features out of the box, and Mods add so much more!!"
76561198079453793,Recommended,313160,19869483,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,James!,Love Thee Game! ITS SO GOOOOOOOOD!
,Recommended,313160,19870686,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FaggotBoi,Good game if you like farmings and stuffz
76561198160392071,Recommended,313160,19885015,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PinchLife,Greatest game ever!
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,313160,21413625,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"It's a good game, but it shouldn't be rated as a SIMULATOR.Let's get to the point why i've said that.First of all, the game UI is average and could be much better organized and displayed. Also, the scenery is very poor when it comes to interactivity with objects or places.Your crops grow in a matter of days and they have cycles, you just need to plant and crop, you don't need to check weather, time, soil, seeds or nothing like Sim Farm, where you had to check and decides lots of stuff even before planting.This game is not bad, but, for sure, it doesn't have the characteristics to be considered a SIM."
76561198025221139,Recommended,313160,13590652,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OneAmongOthers,"Game is fun, but the DLC is not able to be used online which sucks! 10 Bucks for the IT pack and I cannot use it online?"
76561198209087545,Recommended,313160,18658145,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Funky Farmer  | YT |,very GOOD game for anyone who is interested in starting a real  farm on a computer withg all the dlc's it makes it more realistic as posible.
76561198111518912,Recommended,313160,22076017,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Iowa hawk,great
76561198420160152,Recommended,313160,34923817,Posted: 13 September,all,CarlM,Game controls are good and game is VERY VERY nicely done! 10/10
76561198105417049,Not Recommended,313160,35013872,Posted: 16 September,all,Sub,Too limited. Too dumbed down. Needs more game complexity. Not just more vehicles to grind for.
,Recommended,313160,20136162,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tanner,I farmed so much food and cut down so many trees that there should not be any African kids crying for food anymore. Only problem was g27 didn't work very well at all with this game. 6/8
76561198271429345,Recommended,313160,24785083,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,(SWAT) GRIZZLY415,i  love this game it is so awsome
76561198023465814,Recommended,313160,23524259,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,blacknight26,yes is a good game and one question why doesn't it runner no any tire downs stip the logs up
,Recommended,313160,13086020,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Тесто Мужчина,"I have hugely been enjoying this game. It is unexpectedly fun and addicting. I love the attention to detail, and when I watched the trailer for FS 13, this was so much cleaner in comparison. I definately recomend this game.Good and Baad Things about FS 15:-Huge attention to detail.-Amazing graphics.-Fairly good physics.-Very adicting and fun.-Gives hours of playtime.-Unrealistic abilities of vehicles, like undamaged cliff jumping."
,Not Recommended,313160,17300792,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,tires,Got it and it didn't work
76561198281486499,Recommended,313160,33298781,Posted: 5 July,all,The General Lee 01,Great game
76561198108014619,Recommended,313160,18465324,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,1951farmallh,good game not as good as 13
76561198006681349,Recommended,313160,23129998,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Anubis,well ok.... get it
76561198084433681,Recommended,313160,14566682,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sherman1945,"Amazing game!!! The only thing that I would change is to make the workers smarter and make them able to do things such make bales, sell crops etc."
76561198277695170,Recommended,313160,26562414,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,levanigezelishvili,very nice
,Recommended,313160,23146850,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Beech,Fun game thats modable. If you like farming its the best game for you.
76561198095821336,Recommended,313160,23445798,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Brady Klemm,Very fun
76561198008969141,Not Recommended,313160,35327366,Posted: 30 September,all,Dogsbody,Not so much a farming sim as a tractor driving sim. Grind.  Buy a better tractor. Grind.  Buy a better attachment. Grind some more.
,Not Recommended,313160,16365370,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,idl0r,So far so good but hosting a server requires another copy of the game.. So keep that in mind before buying it. That license model is IMHO a no-go.
76561198113264036,Recommended,313160,12692679,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,IrrelevantScrub,"Better graphics and more content, i am happy. :tractor::harvester::rooster::whitesheep:"
76561198200645466,Not Recommended,313160,19446405,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,rabbin is gone this is aydin,stop looking for a review that says this game is bad
,Recommended,313160,12703275,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Paul Bäumer,"Farming Simulator 15 is by far the most imersive and interesting addition to the series and diserves a place in every true farmers playlist.Pros:New brands such as New Holland, Ponsse, and even JCB.New map and graphics.Forestry.More realistic physics.Cons:Performance issues before update 1.3.No John Deere's.No dynamic field textures such as actual hills in plowed fields or mounds in potato fields."
76561198059567042,Recommended,313160,13089678,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Projectit,"A real time wasting game , lots to do , really hard to stay away , love it !"
76561198100465024,Recommended,313160,12693349,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,seb54519,The best simulator game ever
,Recommended,313160,12715125,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Demento,really nice game worth of buying better than 2013 and really cool new things added like forest things etc
,Recommended,313160,13072419,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,iTechhh,I love it! Its fun.
76561198139335190,Recommended,313160,12692934,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,rsrworld14,Very good game and lots fun too
76561198197090499,Not Recommended,313160,18092699,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BrokenAxle95,Boring. Poor graphics stettings for this new of a game. Poor physics. Just an all around waste of time and money.
76561198047732261,Not Recommended,313160,16341954,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jeffrey_simon,Piece of junk!!!  won't play.   Constant Giant Engine 6.0.2 error
,Not Recommended,313160,13320655,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jukka,GAME CRASHING WITH PATCH 1.2
76561198055624291,Recommended,313160,12694957,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,lenard16,I would so recommend u all play this awesome game. P.S. It's way better than farming simulator 2013.
,Recommended,313160,12696401,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[CT] Brandon510,"Excellent game, but they could make the mirriors be compactable with low graphics"
,Recommended,313160,12702128,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,aso777,"I was farming ever since a little boy! This game is a true sim of farming.I farmed in 2013 and I drove trucks in Soviet Russia (spintires). This game combines best experiences from 2013 and spin tires, allowing you do a lot. The game even allows you to wash your tractors as they get dirty! The game is relaxing and beatiful!"
76561198115743535,Recommended,313160,12764735,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jamesy7810,my game will not work i was playing it earlier ive had it for the last couple of days now and it wont work now
,Not Recommended,313160,21393872,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Peil,"Farmville on steroids.   If you want to learn about farming, this is a pretty good game to teach you about all the equipment out there and how the whole farming process works.   As far as being fun...well...for me, it was about as much fun as actually farming.   I'll give this a recommend to buy as long as it's on sale for less than $10 because some of you out there might actually like the boring day to day farming stuff."
76561197974810905,Not Recommended,313160,21508020,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Excession,"Really disapointing, potentially a great game but poor graphics and worse optimisation. With a water cooled I5 4570k, 16gig 1600mhz ram and a 2gig 7870HD I can run all games in the high settings, I can play The Shadow of Mordor with the 4k pack but Farming Simulator 2015 the game chugs along on medium settings with a poor frame rate and a stuttering image.I really wanted to enjoy this, I have tried 4 times to start a career but nope the poor performance is a killer."
76561198039408804,Recommended,313160,12719147,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,LordRed,Outstanding game! Great for mellow times and easy fun. great attention to detail and a fun all-round game. Highly reccomended
76561198094225506,Not Recommended,313160,18694925,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Annonymous,"First impressions.HUGE WASTE OF MONEY.Installed the game through Steam, attempted to start, keep getting an error about not being able to copy an XML config file.So, tried creating the folder manually, copied files over manually.Game now starts, but mouse is tracking WAY off.   As in, I have to hover the pointer an inch higher and to the left to select anything.Changes to the options will not save.  Make changes, click 'Save', game exits and restarts, but still on default settings.   All changes made (after fighting with mouse pointer being off) are simply tossed out.Talk about some AWFUL development!!!!"
,Not Recommended,313160,19414813,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Billy P,Awful. Wish I never purchased.
,Recommended,313160,16856090,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,godofradio,"What the hell has happened to my life?  Seriously, what?  A few short days ago I was just Average Schmoe Number Twenty-Six, working a typical city job in a typical city.  Today I woke up and threw on some flannel and some suspenders and topped it off with a New Holland hat and a can of FarmBoi Chewing Tobacco.Yes folks, this is what you can expect from Farming Simulator 15.I didn't know the first thing about farming, but liked the idea of building an empire in a small open world.  I'd seen some streams, and the streamers seemed to enjoy themselves...so I jumped in thinking it would be a fun diversion.Thirty hours of instant addiction later I'm an unshaven, scraggly mess of a man; swearing when I overturn my tractor and gathering chicken eggs in my spare time. Recently I've begun the descent into ""silage,"" which is basically fermented grass that is becoming liquid gold in the era of biofuels.  Soon it will be time to graduate into cows and forestry, at which point I will have abandoned all pretense of city life and run off for life as a farmhand.It's been nice knowing you all."
76561198160623395,Recommended,313160,12723233,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MaxPorter,i cant play the wen i load it up it just stays a black screen with a whote squre in the top left what do i do to stop this from happening
,Recommended,313160,12722537,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Starfox102,"The immersion in this game is great. The little details from Tracks, The sounds, Animations all make it one great Farming game.Highly reccomened."
76561198073887759,Not Recommended,313160,21371456,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tuanispiemae,i guess they know that there is a sound issue so they let it go a 70% off next time I'll read the reviews . what a waste of money and i blame steam you are losing more of my buying power because you sell the product i don't care what excuse you give you are selling &*%$.......
76561198338416367,Recommended,313160,31390123,Posted: 27 April,all,Kaspariņš,"Nice game,but still wait for 2017"
76561198325096929,Not Recommended,313160,26261637,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,beckettbrine,about 31 minutes in the game it becomes the most boring game ever
76561198168024088,Not Recommended,313160,21333610,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,swh13c,I was very disappointed.  Not a single UFO/cow abduction.This game is great if you like farming.  This game is not great if you like fun.
,Recommended,313160,23563098,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spokay skary pleb,300 hours of  my life is now in this game :P
76561197973524383,Not Recommended,313160,12722388,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,"Sir Thomas Hardy, 1st Baronet","The current release of GIANTS farming simulator 2015, is really bad, and they obviuosly don't give a crap about making a nice simulator. The previous versions of the game had alot of things missing, due to a pretty low budget. But with the massive sales on Farming Simulator 2013, one would have expected them to do a really good job this time, now that they had the funds.They havent though. They've done quite the contrary to be exact. There is absolutely nothing new in the newest version of the farming sim, and im mad i even bought the game. It is basically just the 2013 with a bit more shiny graphics. They havent implemented one thing, of what their fans asked for,  and they should be ashamed of realeasing this product. Here a small list what they could have done, the last two years, but didnt.- Improve the AI. Make it able to do more than just driving back and forth. The AI Still can't drive on the road, and this totally kills the game, because you have to empty the combine by yourself all the time, leaving no time for anything else. It doesnt matter if you got 10 or a 100 fields. You can't tend to them, because the AI cant do a simple task such as driving on the roads, and unloading combines.- Physics is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ The Tractors handle like boxcars, and they also dont support any sort of damage system. So basically there is no consquence driving straight into a tree with 42 km/t. There we modders in the 2013 version that could do a better job, than the GIANTS team has done. [Im of course talking about the lovely More Realistic mod for those curious]- No new animals. Its still the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3 animals, same as the Farming Sim 2013 version. There is no breeding or any of that sort, and only 3 animals. Really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on their part again. Again, they had two years, but they accomplished nothing. Lets venture on with the list.-No advanced economy aspect. You're still limited to borrowing and paying money back, at a fixed rate.- The tractors still sound ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There is no gearshift, just this one boring noise. They havenet even implemented manual transmisson and clutch. Something alot of people were hoping for. Afterall, this is supposed to be a Simulator. Also the tractors accelerates really weird. They're slow in the beginning, then they accelrate like they had a rocket on them. Really weird.- It is still not posible, altering the terrain in any way, other than cutting down trees (Big whoop. We already got a mod for this in 2013)This is just a few of the things they didnt do. Heres some of the things they did do:- Implemented tree cutting, which is very nice. But there is already a mod for this in the 2013 version.- Made AI worse. Now they wont even finish the field, if the implement cant fit on the last bit. This could have been avoided by making the tractor follow the edge of the field instead, but no.- Impoved graphics (Barely though. everything is a bit more fancy, and we got sidemirrors now. But really it doesnt matter. I would have picked gameplay instead over graphics any day)- Made it easier for people to mod their games. (Which is very nice. But im worried they are trying to make people make their own game, releving them of doing anything else but collecting money, when really, they did nothing)-Improved HUD. But really doesnt matter. I'd rather they had improved the gameplay.So basically, GIAANTS took the FS2013 version, and shined it up a bit, and then released it as a whole new farming sim, even though there is nothing new in it, at all. And they used two years doing this. Two years and they got nothing. It's very clear they dont give a flying F*** about their customers anymore, and i'm sad by the state of the game, and their blatant disregard for making a decent product. I give this product 0 out of 5 stars, and i do not recommend anyone buying this. Have you never played the other versions though, you might enjoy this one, as everything is still new to you.Thank you."
,Not Recommended,313160,21387566,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Vayaka,"Obviously you need to be a farmer with several years of experience to understand this game.  Or at least played  first 14 games. I am new to this one. The game gives you basic intro and then you are on your own. I don’t understand anything. The interface is stupid. Your equipment is not marked on the map so if you forget where you leave something you will just have your luck to find them. Same goes for the spots where you refill. Complete bull****. Is this your first game ever??? If you are new to farming or to gaming in farming simulator, this game is definitely not for you."
,Recommended,313160,12703876,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tygroom,Great Game!!! All im saying is my friends better get it so they can play with me.
,Recommended,313160,13270792,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jeppson ツ,"I really like this game, but farming sim 2013 is better."
,Not Recommended,313160,20583827,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Vincent Lauro,after 5 minutes it force closes on mac. send a email to support never wrote back
,Not Recommended,313160,21649388,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,k1ndal jr.,not worth the money
,Not Recommended,313160,23709093,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,rutin tutin Joseph Stalin,dont buy if you want the old fs physics
76561198055758664,Not Recommended,313160,21306848,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✪ Jeff hellcase.com,After you get workers the game is completely boring and a waste of money
76561198056639086,Recommended,313160,30398195,Posted: 8 March,all,Chrislar_DK,Good
,Recommended,313160,12728299,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zaal,"One of the greatest games of all time.  I've quit my job to play full time.  I believe that, with the right amount of dedication and practice, I can become one of the greatest virtual farmers in history....But seriously, I've only just become aware of this title from a few weeks ago.  Played 2013 until my fingers bled.  Love the gameplay and the 'zen' quality involved with plowing, cultivating, seeding, fertilizing and reaping.  Love it. This is completely different than some of the other games I've played in the past (Skyrim, FO: NV) and I think it's a great tool for thinking about the work that takes place around the world on a daily basis to help feed the population.I'll be playing this one for some time to come, I think.  If you're looking for something different than the usual, you should pick this up."
76561198067603958,Not Recommended,313160,21374484,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Emperor Kuzco,"I thought it would be fun and relaxing, maybe similar to Sims, but it's not.You spend your time driving a tractor around plowing fields, sowing the seeds, spreading cow poop, and then waiting to harvest so you can start over. I tried to like the game, but driving around large fields at 10 MPH makes it very dry for me. It took me around 30 mins of driving back and forth just to plow 1 field. that doesn't include sowing the seeds. The tutorials don't help much. They will teach you to farm, but nothing about forestry."
76561198148665884,Recommended,313160,13321109,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,cchristie264,Great Game
,Recommended,313160,33844626,Posted: 27 July,all,문호,"my friend begged me to buy this, we played it for an hour or two... never touched the game again... mustfarm/10"
,Recommended,313160,16815671,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ReinderA,hoi
76561198037542034,Not Recommended,313160,22263768,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jim Carry,"Much like real farming, it is rather repetitive and tedious. The silver lining is that this game has hilighted the boredom that farmers experience;it is rather educational that way."
76561198138966516,Recommended,313160,14056731,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,S0urLem0ns,This is a wonderful game. Has amazing graphics and it has real world cases. One problem is that you can't use the Ponnse ScorpionKing on any other trees except the pine looking tree.
,Recommended,313160,18605915,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BADger,loving farming so much cant wiat for the steering wheel to come out thanks giants
76561198192167579,Not Recommended,313160,22770871,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,whitefire120303,the frafixs are not all what they seem they are relly bab like they are not from 2014 more like 2010
,Not Recommended,313160,20391044,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Wolfman1857,not for me
,Not Recommended,313160,20563026,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,stapeliad,"This would be a great game if all the text within the game wasn't in a tiny fine size 9 font.  There is no way to change it that I found.I scoured forums, changed graphic settings, updated drivers...others with the same question had no solutions either.  It gave me a massive behind-the-eyes headache.  Very disappointed.  An unbelievable developer oversight.If you don't have amazing eyesight you will have trouble reading everything."
,Recommended,313160,12696602,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rowlio102,amazing
76561198097876667,Recommended,313160,12796821,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Scouts,so i'll been playing for just over 14 hrs ajnd i have to say i give it a 7 out of 10game look much nicer then 2013wood look cool but i'm haveing a hard time and can't seem to get the hang of iti would of like to see more of a how to with the game ( like how to work wood cut it sell it use it so on so on)i would of like to see more of a chage from 2013 but i find the game just added a small items vs 2013 wood cutting is about all i find new
,Recommended,313160,12696123,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mighty Mouse **TRADING RL**,"A very decent game! alot of improvments and alot of added features that gives many many hours of extra gameplay, its very open to modding and i really hope that a graphics mod comes soon, or atleast a mod that boosts the textures of the ground etc. the graphics is already a great improvment from the past games but i wish there was a even better option for those who want the best graphics!Great game! i bought it and have no regrets!"
76561198009960007,Recommended,313160,12693436,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Fodder123,Ok This is the best ever Farm Sim in the current collection.I beg all you farmers out there to get stuck in and enjoy the better one!!
76561198140544673,Recommended,313160,12696397,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,RUBBER-DUCK-IRL,this game is perfect in every way
,Recommended,313160,24088416,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,doc_hollywood,love it.
76561198259503133,Not Recommended,313160,21324631,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,moo,This game literally is a farming simulator.  If you are into clearing fields for minutes on end to please your OCD this game is for you.  I find this boring and uninteresting (and my OCD was triggered bad when a single stalk remained standing; this game is not healthy for me!).
76561198031254429,Not Recommended,313160,20936401,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,"I get dizzy and feel ill after driving the tractors for 10 minutes or so, so I will not recommend this game.But game looks good, and farming enthusiasts might like it.Conclusion: 4 out of 10.Olafr blogs about modding and gaming:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/Follow Olafr the Viking Steam Curator for reviews of STRATEGY - RPG - SURVIVAL games:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/25341025-Olafr-the-Viking/Learn more about the Olafr Rating System (1 to 10):http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254235900/olafr-the-viking-rating-system-1-to-10-olafrCompare this game’s rating to other games in the Olafr Rating History:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254318505/olafr-the-viking-rating-history-olafr-the"
,Recommended,313160,19180300,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Wiggles,Very great game for farming and cant stop playing!
,Recommended,313160,14203136,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sininside,"FS 2015 is quite an enjoyable and immersive simulation experience. It offers many vehicles, implements and heavy equipment for both farming and lumbering. As well as an intuitive way of customizing your farm.  I am still playing this game and I've owned it for several months now.Enjoyable factor: Very HighReplay Value:  Endless enjoymentGraphics: 8.5/10Sound:     6/10Realism:   9/10This game also features time control, day n night cycles, weather, and crop growth options."
76561197995410799,Recommended,313160,22404747,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,kbmast,"Farming Simulator 15 is the first Farming Simulator I've played. While I have to say I'm somewhat impressed with the graphics, parts of the game are repetitive, such as taking crops to sell, or tilling a field. You can hire farm workers to do these jobs if you have enough money or your equipment is efficient enough.All in all, I'd say it's fairly entertaining, especially for someone like me who knows little about farming or the equipment involved. I was also surprised ot find a large part of the game is more like forrestry simulator, though I guess technically you can farm trees.Also, keep in mind, this is ""Farming Simulator"" not ""Farm Simulator.""  I was personally disappointed, after my first long day behind the manure spreader, (yes really in the game), I wasn't able to go home and knock my wife's remaining teeth out or commit incest. You can't even go inside your farm house.If you're looking for a simulation of farm life, you'll have to look elsewhere, this only covers the act of farming."
,Recommended,313160,14170741,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pvt. Pudding csgoduck.com,Best game!
,Recommended,313160,12693137,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,kieranmonday96 [WAS],"Really good fun aslong as it works. (view below)The tyre tracks and suspension on the vehicles are really good and the logging is a great new addition. The new map is much larger than any previous GIANTS maps. But does feel more like a big DLC pack rather than an entirely new game but for £25 its the price of a big DLC for many other games.Doesnt work on my computer. Make sure you check your computer in relation to the minimum spec requirements, my computer has 4 times the required GRAM, 2 times the processor power and 4 times the RAM needed and it barely loads menus, i get in to a game and i count the frame rate in seconds per frame. FS13 ran perfectly smoothly on above average settings yet this game is unplayable. Have to use my Dad's ancient dual core dinosaur to play it. Logic? None."
,Not Recommended,313160,21604918,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Fortus Victus,"Not just 'not recommended' but 'HIGHLY Not recommended'This was my first exposure to this franchise, and figured it would enjoy the support and growth of its previous installments.It does not.  The game is IDENTICAL to the day it was released and lacks some key features one would expect of a 'Farming Business' game.  There have been a few DLCs released for purchase, but they ONLY contain more of the same equipment or mabe in the future a new map.  No new functionality!There is a large modding community, but byand large from what I can see they never moved on to FS15, choosing to stay with previous FS...which I can understand as the games are pretty well identical except for logging.  As such the modding community for FS15 is pretty much just specialized equipment and a few handy mods for field management.  But no large scale overhauls to introduce anything you would associate with a 'Farming Simulator' such as need for any Herbicide, crop rotation, soil quality, or even an effect of weather on harvesting or planting.Seriously.  Just skip this one."
,Recommended,313160,26592811,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ares,Made me get cancer.Step 1 load inStep 2 take out a loanStep 3 go to the lumber areaStep 4 buy the most expenisive lumber machine there isStep 5 refund and uninstall
76561198271144117,Recommended,313160,28443675,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,OrangeCitrus_,"Since Fs17 / Ls17 / Ps17 Whatever you wanna call it, Just came out soo, don't waste your money on this and buy Farm Sim 17 but there are more mods out for FS15. Do what you want i'm just a orange."
,Recommended,313160,20376269,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tobythegamer2311,good game ive play it 200hrs its good 2 if you like farming i would recommend to a friend
,Recommended,313160,29970001,Posted: 16 February,all,☣Malcolm☣,This game is very big in using your ram! i have 8 gbs of ram and it used about 3.6 gbs. you need to have a good computer that dosent have intel hd graphics. this game is very good and you have alot to do. i recomend getting mods so you can have more cars exd. i recommend this game to people that dont have 70 dollars to buy the newer ones.
76561198077164492,Recommended,313160,12720820,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MLGesus,Best game quality I have played in atleast 15 years. The physics are so unbelievably realistic I was surprised to see it in a farming simulator. When they added the woodcutting to the game I knew I had to buy it. Definately worth the money and I'd recommend it to any friend who wants to realise their dream of being a farmer.
76561198082016786,Recommended,313160,14379934,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Collin9832,very fun and great game
76561198078200434,Recommended,313160,14525900,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Beneator,Want to farm? Well buy this cheaper than buying a property and as close as you can get without buying a property. I know there are money gliches but I would not reccomend these as they ruin the game and make it boring if you like simulators buy it if you like farming buy it. There are also so many mods if you decide you want a snow plough on the farm go download one.
,Recommended,313160,12697873,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Master_Josh,its better than 13 thats for sure
76561198196564499,Recommended,313160,29051318,Posted: 5 January,all,generic person off the street,"tasty game, great game, fantastic game, yum"
,Recommended,313160,29191569,Posted: 11 January,all,SargentFabulous1,15/15 would farm again.
76561198124180368,Recommended,313160,20190831,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Flomberry,if you like farming DONT buy this game.if you want to drive people over BUY this game
76561198322464281,Recommended,313160,33388193,Posted: 8 July,all,spitfirenebb,best game ever!
76561198388011102,Recommended,313160,33644463,Posted: 18 July,all,✞Jesus✞👌🏻 👈,Good and fun game
76561198289611264,Not Recommended,313160,23030824,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,troyaanderson,if you have a mac dont buy it. tried using  controler and it keep scrolling up to the sky and really hard to play with the mac book itself.
,Recommended,313160,23030858,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,davistreeu,where are the mods in steam for farming simulator 2015
,Recommended,313160,21263966,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MoShU,NICEEEE
76561198273214926,Recommended,313160,21293920,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,INXOG2,Amazing game
76561198155330290,Recommended,313160,21248078,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aila,I'm a WHEAT dealer
76561198128039383,Recommended,313160,21270212,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,akaokay,good game
,Recommended,313160,21260806,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,LiveWithRusty,A++++
,Recommended,313160,18106119,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,Why would anyone do drugs when they can just mow there field?
76561198188308719,Recommended,313160,24004726,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TRUCKER,i love this game
,Recommended,313160,24393969,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jai manger ce chien,Overpriced for a overrated ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198119180365,Recommended,313160,20596036,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gorgeous Lemon,Can be fun but the times ive played it has about two bugs that don't work.
76561198029084020,Recommended,313160,12882465,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,armyboytyler,will it be avalable for Mac OS
76561198131833209,Recommended,313160,12954566,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sm0kE,Buy this game now..it´s worth it :D
76561198086980563,Recommended,313160,12858479,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Papanomaly | Pvpro.com,remmomed + no multiplayer not work
76561198117813266,Recommended,313160,12943267,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,killemblake,This is a very fun game i can not stop playing by far the best game I have!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313160,12957974,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Micro Transaction,"Play this game. Now. I command you to play it. BUY IT, NOW."
76561198046233820,Recommended,313160,12757421,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Daddo,Love this game
,Recommended,313160,12969910,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,FMBN,nice game
76561198027460432,Recommended,313160,12950877,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sousa,awsome super fun game
76561198073193557,Recommended,313160,12956270,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,taylorbickett,Overloaded tactor drifting simulator 2015 1000/10
76561198254973257,Recommended,313160,25258449,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,dray44,awasome
,Not Recommended,313160,20131180,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,coke,only good if you're drunk and playing online
,Recommended,313160,25611602,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,dogman,*embarrassing number of hours*
,Recommended,313160,27912569,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bishop,Relaxing game that will suck 1000's of hours of your life away one field at a time.
76561198319774281,Recommended,313160,34380475,Posted: 20 August,all,Robertelinho CSGOatse.com,Very good with mods
,Recommended,313160,34321571,Posted: 17 August,all,Jbnascar,Fun game. If you enjoy this stuff. It didnt take to long till i got burned out of playing it. But thats not the games fault. Good quality game.
,Recommended,313160,33032698,Posted: 30 June,all,JonttÜ | +x,5/315 paras peli jos jarin äiti antaa jarin pelaa
76561198219443840,Recommended,313160,34588818,Posted: 29 August,all,🍑 - Trent - 🍑,"Old school farming, Still driving tractors"
,Recommended,313160,34846479,Posted: 9 September,all,CaptainHenzu,Nice graphics and gameplay. Very good game to play with friends.
,Recommended,313160,34832425,Posted: 9 September,all,Porcupine,Better.
76561198138590992,Recommended,313160,34870011,Posted: 10 September,all,Buuu,mt bom
76561198420924861,Recommended,313160,34862130,Posted: 10 September,all,pokemonlord070,cool awsome
76561198112949953,Recommended,313160,25996487,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,VTX/#CrazY.![NL],I just love it <3.
76561198276901542,Recommended,313160,33067855,Posted: 30 June,all,LIL REMAINS,This game in one sentence:i've always wanted to be a farmer.exeAnd its pretty good at what it does10/10 would farm again
,Recommended,313160,33113492,Posted: 1 July,all,fsx_pilot_757,I recommend this game to anybody who really likes farming and it does simulate farming pretty well.
,Recommended,313160,22763485,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,austin1997connors,Suprisingly to fun to farm its also realy great to play with freinds
76561198387708710,Recommended,313160,31934384,Posted: 24 May,all,PCMG_Server,I'm a faming sim adict
76561197980745911,Recommended,313160,16330688,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Frozen_Thumbs,I got hayfever palying this. Thats how good it is!
,Recommended,313160,23429088,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cows Are People Too You Know,10/10 would recommend lol
76561198072551943,Recommended,313160,13042803,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,N*I*N*J*A,an improvement i must say well recomended
76561198161549489,Recommended,313160,13031575,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,koneill.leap,mines not working
,Recommended,313160,13032527,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Oopsies49,Surprisingly fun and challenging (if you decide to play on a high difficulty)
76561198153482982,Recommended,313160,13033865,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ethankeller715,i love this game
76561198161713870,Recommended,313160,13035487,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,patrykd2828,game lookes good but my computer keeps on freezing make sure computer is compatible
,Recommended,313160,12803940,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,|★ PK132 ★|,i really enjoy the game its alot of fun but the wood cutting is kinda glitchy
76561198032551530,Recommended,313160,12805520,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,RachelBass,"Fantastic, a great improvement on FS13."
,Recommended,313160,12700279,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rahmad_5846,Farming Simulator 15 very nice game
,Recommended,313160,15607318,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,raw1990,"I give a thumbs up to the ""Farming Simulator"" franchise.The reasons are:1- Its absolutly relaxing gameplay, the closest you can get to nature without leaving the house.2- It is by far the most deep game that can still be played ""passivly"", meaning you can fullfil other life duties such as reading/ studying and still enjoy this game in the background.3- Has enough activities to engage you when you have more time and choose to play more ""activly"".4- Even provides multiplayer to enjoy with friends!5- Very educational for urban people like me who never even knew a thing or 2 about farming.I will gladly recommend all the versions even today: 2011, 2013, 2015 every game has a set of achievments and the older it is the more basic the gameplay is. So if you are new to the franchise you can happily start from the oldest one but if you are looking for eye candy of course the newer look better ;)"
,Not Recommended,313160,15153353,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,CMDR Sweeper,"Farming simulator have always been an oddball in the gaming genre.Its main appeal is playing with heavy machinery, and often you discover nice engineering techniques that went into the real deal.The coop part of Farming Simulator series is also great fun, and the physics will often throw you for a loop of laughs.At the present I can't recommend you buy the 2015 version of the game, if you fancy playing with a Farming Simulator game, you should pick up the 2013 instead and slap on some mods.At present, the 2015 is very unstable, and will regulary crash every 2 hours at least, without an autosave mod you will often lose a lot of work.There are no acknowledgement to these crashes by the devs, despite loads of crash reports, part of the problem is that it lies deep down in the game engine, and thus doesn't produce any errors in the log, and I guess they interpret that as ""Oh there is no problem""These crashes happen on games that have zero mods as well, so they aren't a factor in the crashes.FS 2013 is stable, and the only thing that can destabilize and ruin it is mods, but you can fix that by stripping out the offending mod, it is much harder if the problem lies with the core game.Until there is a patch, I recommend you stay away from this game, or at the very least, only consider it at 75% or more sale."
76561198019356237,Recommended,313160,12706424,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[MT] Non serious person,Yes i can recommend this game but please DEVS give us a TrackIR support and better FFB.
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,313160,13383690,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kempeorlaxan,"In Minecraft you can automate farm production and maintenance, and resource collection. (Granted you need some mods)Couldn't find a way to automate anything here beyond 1 worker working on 1 field. If I had 100 fields - I would have to have 100 tractors and endlessly press ""H"" key to hire workers... I believe gaming should evolve towards greater complexity and greater utilization of Artificial Intelligence technology. For a game like Farming Simulator - it makes sense that I am unable to achieve complete automation when I have 1 farm, however assuming I have all the farms on the map - I see no reason why I should be driving a tractor with a carriage to collect grain from EVERY HARVESTER EVERY TIME they are full.In my opinion a video game that takes such a hard stance against using AI isn't worth recommending."
76561197962277803,Not Recommended,313160,12916885,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,svend_ole,"The game does not offer a lot compared to the previous in terms of gameplay. The graphics are a lot nicer, but gameplay still suffers from a very poor physicsmodel, a totally lack of intelligence from the workers. They apparently only do square fields. They are not intelligent enough to drive to the field on their own and start doing their stuff. You always have to check up on them - otherwise they will end up in a fence. Trying to drive through a tree etc. It was the same in 2013, but I had hoped they fixed it, but apparently the graphics was their primary concern. With all the flaws, it should still be in beta and untill they make the game more intelligent, this game is only good in multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,313160,16338693,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SuperDizzyGaming,This game likes cows
,Not Recommended,313160,13106498,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lelapa,DOES NOT RUN. I PAYED $24 FOR A GAME THAT DOES NOT RUN OFF STEAM AND THE GAME CREATORS DO. NOT. CARE. Neither does Steam. I dont recomend this because there is a good likely hood it will occure to you as it has for the hundreds if not thousands of players who have this same issue that will not be resolved ever. This is a horrible thing the game does and there is no action and will be no action.
76561198018171058,Not Recommended,313160,18510087,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The Old Guard,"Once you've played one Farming Simulator, you've played them all.  They haven't changed the format for years and it's old news now.  Compared to how a real farm works, Farming Sim is very simplistic, where as in real life farming is damn hard work with a never ending list of things to do.  It's about maximising the potential of the farm and developing the business side. Farming sim is just plant reap, plant reap, plant reap etc, etc, etc, with tree cutting to try and stem the boredom.If you've never played a farming sim then get this, but make sure you cross it off the bucket list because once you've played one you've played them all."
,Not Recommended,313160,13181045,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hash Bifter,"Blatant rehash of FS2013, same maps, less machinery (my guess is they waiting to rip us off with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc pack) forestry addition has been ripped off from teh FS2013 modding community and is frustratingly buggy. Cut down a tree and it stays upright, you have to knock it over with a tractor, wood chipper refuses to accept wood 99% of the time and when it does it leaves most of teh log on teh bed of the wood chipper. all tracked vehicles slide down hills when stationary, driving any vehicles is like driving on ice, welcome to jack knife simulator. no new crops despite the modding community manageing to add more crops in EVERY version of this game yet the devs seem unable to. blatant lie about animal husbandry, IE NONE. maps are identical to previous versions. no new animals, apparentley teh devs must be muslim as pigs dont exist in the world in which they live in. the list of known bugs on teh giants forum is about two pages long and english tech support is non existant, if your german then its fine but any other language and your Scheiße outta Glück. all in all I hope Giants software and all its developers and marketing team die in a fiery napalm explosion. DO NOT BUY THIS DOG TURD! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
76561197997175193,Not Recommended,313160,14339785,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sniperlazer12,I've played this game for some time. Developer Doesnt seem to want to fix the physics engine! Any vehicle acts like its on a skating rink. Sheep pallets still have an issues with its phisics. On hill surfaces tracktors slowly slide down hill. Graphics on a premium system are glitchy at best.( played on multiple computers) Wouldnt be a bad game if developer put patches out to fix an incomplete game. The only thing I've seen are DLC's but no patches to fix the problems that the game came with. Sorry Giant I've played Farm Simulator 2013 and your new simulator and have seen no real patches to fix problems with your software! Its been out for a while and you've had tons of time to fix things but your only working on DLC's?
76561198085123827,Not Recommended,313160,16121713,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,desertrose0601,"Way too complicated. It's very difficult to figure out what to do and when, and way too cumbersome to figure out where to take things, pick up items, etc. I think if we could build our farm as we went, it would be easier, but as it is now, it's very easy to get lost amongst areas that exist but that we don't own yet."
,Not Recommended,313160,29424255,Posted: 22 January,all,mjbrandonbowers,"I used to like this game due to I could do what I want when I want.  As of January 22, 2017, the game crashes, even without mods in the mod folder.  Giants technical support is so bad, they have to improve 100 fold before I can say, ""they suck at it."" If the game cannot be run by other than mods, and the fools say, ""They cannot help due to 'corrupt mods,'"" then that is a can of CRAP (the real kind and not the manure in the game)!!What has been happening is the Gaint server crashes every time I load a map (again not mods).  If any of face this same issue, realize Giants are refusing to fix this.  Like me, I cannot get my money back due to I have played it too long and all the rest.  My suggestion is NOT TO GET this game: FS15, FS17, or any version in the near future unless you have money to burn in real life."
76561198148515757,Not Recommended,313160,17859955,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Newt,"Not for me,It looked good from all the videos I had seen but when i came to it, it just wasn't my cuppa tea."
,Recommended,313160,12701775,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BerkShire,"Just like FS 13 but it has more done. Leaves tire tracks, tractors get muddy. LOVE IT. 10/10. Worth the 30 bucks"
76561198042346933,Not Recommended,313160,13261891,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,monsterMX,Waste of money its really laggy on severs and most severs you cant conect to
76561198082612839,Not Recommended,313160,13297434,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Freakswampthing,Games lags and crashes after update.
76561198092264171,Not Recommended,313160,13720682,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,devsnik,I do not enjoy playing this game.
76561198075217775,Recommended,313160,12865797,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dalerl92,When is this game coming out for mac???
76561198123060828,Not Recommended,313160,13743941,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,exploading_poop_bags,do not buy from steam giants engine quits working after 10 min and game freezes. steam has no support only stupid forums no real help i am also having same problems with 3 other games bought on steam. bet they have lots of help counting the money seams to be their biggest department
76561198090111121,Not Recommended,313160,13856897,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CrispyButtNugget,i don't think this game is worth $32.99 don't buy this game its better even on the mobile version.
,Not Recommended,313160,13461723,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,xSnorlaxOG,Wont work!Keeps crashing saying Giant Engine 6.0.2!Waste of money
,Not Recommended,313160,15234107,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jim Lahey,first few hours it's best game i ever played then it's really boring car game
,Not Recommended,313160,16860951,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SpicySweet,"""PARTIAL controller support"" should read ""MINIMAL controller support""This is one of many, many things completely wrong and dated about this game. The developers are obviously very old school and very uneducated amateurs. Probably bottom of the barrel hires that were cheap or can't really do good enough work to work for a AAA company.In other words, the game is ""shoddy"". It's ""clunky"".Things that SUCK1) The menu and hud are about as amateur as you can get. Game's menu looks like it was deisgned in Frontpage '982) The CONTROLS! < - 1,000x3) The lack of Workshop supportYou need #3 to make #1-2 acceptable, so there isn't an ""easy"" way to bring this game up to current gaming standards.This game would be perfect for people who aren't really gamers and don't know the difference between a good game and a bad one. If you're the kind of person who NEVER plays big title games (ergo, you're don't fit in with NORMAL gamers), this game is probably going to suit you just fine.But, if you have a few hundred titles in your collection and you KNOW how games SHOULD be done.. you're going to hate this game with a passion. It's SO amateur."
,Recommended,313160,30173404,Posted: 25 February,all,Salmon     Pyraax,Best game Ive ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,313160,19575676,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ViperZeroOne,"After playing this game for roughly 15 minutes I discovered something... This is Farming Simulator 2013!  No seriously, the America map is virtually identical to the one we had in 2013 with better graphics and a few more things thrown in.  This game could have been an expansion pack/patch instead of a whole new game.  What the heck?Oh, and the forestry aspect of this game kinda sucks.  You can't just run around cutting down whatever tree you want, even if it's a tree on your own property.  Apparently in this game there is a difference between a ""prop"" tree and a ""crop"" tree.  You can't cut down the former, so don't go buying lumber stuff right at the start of your game thinking it's easy money.  You'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,313160,15807783,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DerpPartySupplier,"Game play is pretty straight forward, and boring. The company produced a drive around do the samething. This is not a Farm-simulator, it's more of a poorly made vehicle simulator.  The AI is week, the animal aspect takes a second to the logging aspect.  The vehicles and implements are limited to european models.  God forbid you download a user created mod, as most of these mods are broken.The game has limited play and limited intrest."
76561198076175041,Not Recommended,313160,13724283,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Akira005,"What a waste, the same game with better graphics, a new map and forestry... except that this part is so buggy that I would rather not use it until further updates and oh, almost forgot, verrryy poor physics, how can one drift with a 15k pounds lift on dirt? In my opinion, stick with the 2013 version, at least we have a lot of more choices in vehicules and the game bugs less more... hope that they will fix all the bugs before soon..."
76561198073511227,Recommended,313160,12717356,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ikk Blight Claw,"I love this game even if it felt a little empty in some areas. nothing its website supported mods cant fixif i had to say anything nagitive it would be that there isnt a snowy map just for logging, but like i said nothing mods can't fix."
,Not Recommended,313160,15331474,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BigR454,"do not waste your money on the game, all it does is crash. nothing but regrets on this purchase. do not buy the game from steam."
,Not Recommended,313160,17373753,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,stankiem,"The simulation is extremely shallow IMO.  7 crops to choose from, pre-placed plots of farmland to choose from, buildings pre-placed, doesn't matter which direction you plow or sew in, plants don't have any individual stats, etc.. etc.. etc..  about the only nice thing in this game is the selection of vehicles, but I can give 2 #$%@s about that honestly.  If you're looking for a deep simulation game about a unique topic, look elsewhere."
76561198271931090,Not Recommended,313160,21184856,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ok asher,"I hated this game after I bought it for $25. Rip off and you can't even get  your money back. If I were you, I would advise you to go and get another game :k"
,Not Recommended,313160,18922084,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Repix,"REVIEW is for the G27 support, not the game itself entirely, which would be rated as really good if they didn't go lazy mode, and went for the Official FS15 Steering wheel instead of adding support.Overall good game, BUT!The widely used G27.. is not supported, what the actual.. fffffuark, how did they not think about adding support for it?! ETS did, ETS2 did, most driving sims supports it.. while this does not.. I have trouble driving precisely, because I had to disable force feedback by disabling the power to the wheel, but this leads to other bigger issues, which you should be able to figure out what that is,Also the game feels.... very, hmm, dead, I don't know how to explain that.. it just.. you know, does.But the overall farming aspect is really well done, the programmers did an excellent job with the tile destruction.Recommended for users with other wheels than the G27."
,Not Recommended,313160,24431749,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Daggerwins fan,"I loved this game a lot,but now that I got my new windows 10 I can't play it,I made it to 93 hours in almost 1 month,but now the windows 10 upgrade came out decided to try it,installed steam,installed FS 15,but it crashed,because of stupid steam,even the disc version of fs 15 worked on 10,why not the steam version,if I can't play the steam version,I can't play with my steam friends,if steam doesn't support this,I may delete this acount and report them for this,people that have windows 10 better check everysingle game on steam you install and make sure it supports windows 10.that makes me miss playing with my best friends."
76561198042040001,Not Recommended,313160,18112113,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bobzy,Haven't even played for an hour and I'm already refunding it. Says something about how bad it is.
76561198119213662,Not Recommended,313160,22492207,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,LeadHead,terrible im a farmer and just no
,Recommended,313160,12767509,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,123,From Flying tractors and chasing people with chain saws to hiring workers that dont aboe your comand this game is for you!
,Not Recommended,313160,19952296,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Bayy,"This game is so Boring, I wasted my money on it and I am dissapointed in what  got."
76561198028513363,Recommended,313160,12695930,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mr X,"Just like Farming Simulator 13 (which I love) BUT with:-Better graphics-Better physics, but not perfect yet-You can now hire workers for spreaders and sprayes which is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!-Equipment gets dirtyThis is what I saw just for a few minutes of gameplay, the only thins Im missing is the cellphone to check for prices and stats without pausing the game.So if you are new to farming sim you should try this and if you have already played FS13 you should defenitly upgrade.Sorry for my bad english, Im not a native speaker"
76561198097847724,Recommended,313160,13126284,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Badger,Best game ever.
76561198110860187,Recommended,313160,15049952,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Danish,Like watching Paint Dry
76561197991816198,Recommended,313160,22430361,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,"I wanted to live my life as a simple dirt farmer; instead my brothers roped me into being a tractor driving tree rammer. I made my family's fortune cutting down trees and ramming them into a lake to receive magic money from the lake under my pillow at night. All in all, we spent that hard earned magic money on to buy farm things we never used. I'd say it was worth it."
76561198118990020,Recommended,313160,26093095,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,KKKermit the butt hole fucker,farming man
76561198067859808,Recommended,313160,12712573,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,FourthSummer53,Great game very enjoyable much improved from fs15
,Recommended,313160,12715248,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Luke the duke of Russian puke,Love the new physics. Also love all the new features.
76561198131089943,Recommended,313160,12703318,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,sgast1967,"I  love the logging ,Best game ever !"
,Recommended,313160,12703682,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ted Cruz,This game was the best in 2013. Now they smeared dirt all over it making it 5 times better.50/10 BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,313160,12704819,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,bzacon ベゼコンさん [E-Z T,"Absolutely beautiful update to the FS series, I have yet to fully explore the map, but it looks good.  While the physics still have that derpy character that all the FS games have, they are much more realistic, making the game more believable without taking away from the fun of playing Farming Simulator.  My biggest complaint is that there are some crane controls missing from the keymap menu.  This is extremely frustrating as with the default controls, you cannot operate all four axes of the crane simultaneously.  I hope this is fixed soon, might go back to 2013 with Forestmod for a little bit and wait for a patch.8.7/10, controls broken but otherwise excellent, would buy again."
76561198004280826,Recommended,313160,12716697,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Battl3Master (Anthony King),game is awesome
76561198087595831,Recommended,313160,12717994,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,gogs1964,Totaly Fab well worth the money im going to have a lot of happy playing hours with this game
,Recommended,313160,12722102,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dennis Smith,"The performance and physics are better than before! Plenty of new equipment, and logging is now part of the game. This is significantly better than Farming Simulator 2013!"
,Recommended,313160,29263460,Posted: 14 January,all,ɾȷ,I bought this for car mods. Made america great again. Never played again.
,Recommended,313160,16862215,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Samsquanch,played 20 mingot boredran over carsrefunded10/10 would refund again
,Recommended,313160,23728705,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,YourMother,NICE
,Recommended,313160,18640126,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MrSuperBigFeet,Farming shizzles 10/10
76561198064709957,Not Recommended,313160,23001083,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,rekrabtrauts,have been playing this game for a bit now on a windows xp home computer have had not problems. but have just got windows 10 computer this game will not run just gets to intro menu then crashes is there any fixes for this
76561198020698365,Recommended,313160,30823555,Posted: 29 March,all,cannon_foder,great game
,Not Recommended,313160,19651151,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jorkusmalorkus,CRASHES CONSTANTLY AND HAS NO AUTOSAVE.  ARRGHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198055621814,Recommended,313160,34298889,Posted: 16 August,all,Klagent,"i make-ada milkey-milkey come out of the single udder on the male cow, then feed it to the children"
,Not Recommended,313160,33787907,Posted: 25 July,all,Kar-mono,It's fun at first but then it's boring and repetitive.-Car-mono
76561198094608432,Recommended,313160,23998406,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Benjamin Linus,top stuff
,Recommended,313160,18187338,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Flying Skuse,Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more can I say 10/10Tonka trucks for men...what more
76561198267685060,Recommended,313160,21348841,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jeffwied,awsome
,Recommended,313160,21351197,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Turbo1950,ok
76561198080301683,Not Recommended,313160,29081499,Posted: 7 January,all,Whitebeard,"Way too unbalanced. The only reasonable crop to grow is corn for chaff. Even if you grow wheat or barley, the straw is worth about 6-8 times as much as chaff as the main crop. If only it wasn't so tedious. Worker's AI is just too stupid and why can't they be hired for more/all jobs, i.e. loading the bioplant or driving to the sales spots."
76561198273713774,Not Recommended,313160,34863227,Posted: 10 September,all,...,multiplayer doesnt work
,Recommended,313160,12810260,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Liberty Prime,If you've ever wanted to drift in a tractor at 100km/h then this is the game for you.
76561197972362193,Not Recommended,313160,15280617,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sir Ming,This game will not run on my PC but will only run on my MacBook Pro lap top. Have tried to contact steam with no joy. How can I get my money back for a game i can't play. Have tried all ways to contact steam but no joy. Can any one help me. As iIfeel cheated out of my money. This is the first and last time I buy direct from Steam.
,Recommended,313160,21345763,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,banananananananana,iI like it
76561198077623970,Recommended,313160,21321655,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lunacity,I love this game it may not seem like much ut i can guarantee you will have tons of fun with this game
76561197981255414,Recommended,313160,13095779,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ChillBilly,HONEST GAME TRAILERVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RX-WTXaSGa4
,Recommended,313160,12800060,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mad,i recomend this gamebecause it is intresting but i need some help i have the right specs for the game but it still crashes if anyone can help me please send me a mesage
,Not Recommended,313160,13599465,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,wue,"This game got very boring, really fast!"
76561198013907351,Not Recommended,313160,12795969,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mdiesel95,Great game! but needs updates it jumps up and down on the framerate!
,Recommended,313160,12707523,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,mognut,"delivering canola has never been so satisfying , makes me a little wet tbh. 11/10"
76561198013930805,Recommended,313160,12713495,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kenworth,"Great game very deatalied, but it crashes all the time."
76561198083180893,Recommended,313160,12720017,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,<MHN>Dbanker96,"Ok, for one, if you dont like the game, then dont play it.So, after playing the game for a few hours or less(cant really say anymore lol), it is ADDICTING.So what are some Pros? Good question i will tell you:1. The Graphics are SUPERB. the best of any farming sim game to this date, and i have been playing the franchise since 2009(then on a crappy laptop). The Graphics max out on my 770 perfectly, so i get absolutely no stutters.2. The speedometer's actually work! Yes they do work, that was the first time i have seen it and i LOVE it. i can finally drive inside and fell like im driving a car, not a metal box with crappy picture version speedometers.3. You actually have a TON of different tools at your disposal so that is much said over 2013 as they had few tractors.4. You actually have turn signals. You can just cruise around and use your turn signals if you so choose.Some cons?1. The game could have WAY more tractors and stuff. I feel they left a lot to be disired by not adding many tractors and combines from like John Deere and other U.S. Manufacturers.2. You could do LED lightbars instead of rotating beacons. Huge downside that still lacks as this game is AWESOME. You should make it a option for money that you can add it to your vehicle.3. A lot of the reviews are a little misleading as they say the tire tracks are much bigger then they really are. They are pretty small, but to be honest i dont care as long as i can see themIf you were like me and sat there FOREVER wondering if you should spend the money, then do it. IT IS WORTH IT! Best game of the year and it should get a award as in my opinion the game has got a whole overhaul that did the game great."
76561198029868659,Not Recommended,313160,13758574,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,matthew.musk,Possible the worst thing I have ever purchased online
76561198004895838,Not Recommended,313160,17876246,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Wargasm,"Most stupid AI in gaming history. The workers u hire will run into fences and ignore some patches of wheat if theres some wheat that hasnt finished growing somewhere in the field. You need to constantly take over and do♥♥♥♥♥♥for them. Not relaxing, i'd say my stress levels went up tremendously by playing that game."
76561198020132095,Not Recommended,313160,14594507,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Char Aznable,"I didn't play this game for long, so most people who love cutting grass on John Deere's may not agree with this review. That's ok, I might come back later and say,"" Hey, I really want to be cutting grass today for fun!""I tried to skip the tutorials, became overwhelmed with my lack of knowledge, and went back to do tut's.I came back to my farm, hopped in the harvester, and got bored by the end of the row (I had just spent 1/2 hour doing this in tuts...)At this point my bro came up to my room with some beers and told me the game looked real boring. I agreed and haven't played since.Maybe some other day.... I will find interest in this game....Edit: I put a bunch of hours into this game, I managed to be cutting my grass while the ai plowed and sowed behind me. It was kinda cool, but I felt like there was no tips on what to buy next. I had read in game that there are mower missions so I bought I nice mower deck... that seemed to be a waste once I realized that there aren't always mower missions to do. I bought a slurry sprayer, assuming that was something I could use. Another waste of a long farm day, I found out I need cows for that. I guess I'll try fertilizer next? I bought a chainsaw and cut up some tree, but it was obnoxious getting the controls to work for me. Afterwards I couldn't find out how to load the logs into anything. idk... so far this game is really slow. I'll give it another shot I guess... maybe take out a bigger loan and buy more fields so that I'm always working instead of the downtime I get.This game feels slow to me... And I'm the kind of person who enjoys things like playing Civ5 on Marathon, or Sim City on llama speed."
,Recommended,313160,31205435,Posted: 17 April,all,hubi,mice gierka
76561198138939283,Recommended,313160,12692957,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,band.pollard22,this game needs new seeds like pumpkin carrots beetroot cabbage sunflower and other seeds for new dlc
,Not Recommended,313160,13352622,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,GameKhabar,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ купил, а игра не открывается. И нет ничего для решения данной проблемы."
76561198052895083,Recommended,313160,12693912,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Legion81,Worth the wate !!!
76561198027775380,Not Recommended,313160,14494123,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,acdeep,Game sucks
76561198174706605,Not Recommended,313160,15457040,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Brenig,Only played Farming simulator 2015 for a short time and now it keeps crashing! The next time I'll be buying the DVD and not be getting it from Steam!!
,Not Recommended,313160,18008594,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hobz,My worst decision
76561198061396466,Recommended,313160,13738445,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,StarDough,Bananas.
76561198047346664,Not Recommended,313160,13931435,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Wollt,"I would not recommend this game at this time. It is still very buggy, and you may not be able to play the game at all (like me). Since the patch the game have started crashing after 1-10 minutes of gameplay.wait to buy this game until they have fixed the problems with it. Buy the 2013 version, it works great and is almost the same game without the woodcutting part."
76561197963668974,Not Recommended,313160,16485477,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,bitmogul,this game isn't worth your moneyIT'SSOBORING
76561197986056954,Recommended,313160,20190595,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Pascalean,"I'm sitting here in my old Massey 698, taking my trailer full of barley backward and forward to the yard. It should be the most boring game in the world.The hours I have spent following rows of straw pulling the tedder. Or Running the first few widths of headland so that the non-too-bright hired worker doesn't run the combine through a hedge. I should be smashing my face against the keyboard to relieve the tedium.But FS2015 draws you in with it's strangely relaxing gameplay. The daily running of your farm machinery, of which there is a vast array to choose from (when you have earned the money to buy it) is every bit as involving as levelling your character in other more visceral games. The minutiae of farm management will become an obsession, such as the ratio of chaff/hay to use for the best silage mix, or whether to take that load of canola (which is oilseed♥♥♥♥♥♥to those in my neck of the woods) straight to the market for sale or keep it in storage until the demand goes up.I have essentially spent 100+ hours driving a tractor around fields at approximately 14mph, yet I have been utterly immersed and enthralled for the entire time - and only just now is my farm turning a profit enough so I can start to invest in some real meaty machinery (£400k for a new harvester anyone..?)Which brings me to a very important aspect of this game; the modding community, which is thriving and huge. On top of the two standard maps (and an extra one with the expansion), there are a bunch of fantastic farms to download and play. Two to make a note of if you do end up buying this: Chellington and Coldborough - both of which evoke the beautifully quaint English countryside that was such a big part of my own rural youth. On top of this there are literally hundreds of tractors and associated implements to download. FS2015 often seems like one massive advert for New Holland, but machinery from brands that didn't make it to the offical game, like Massey Ferguson, John Deere and Ford, have been lovingly modelled and programmed by talented folks in the community, plus a load of useful little add-ons like the ability to tell one tractor to follow another - which doesn't seem like much but is actually worth it's weight in gold when you can have a baler tag behind you as you windrow a field of straw. Baling to be fair is one of the more laborious activities..! In summary, as much as any other game I can think of, the modding community make this game the great experience it is.Over the years I've heard people talk about this series of games many times and thought it would never be the game for me, after all there is no story as such, no guns, no real quests or missions and no endgame to speak of, other than earning enough money to get your hands on the more exciting heavy machinery. I only bought FS2015 on a whim because it was on sale and I am so glad I did.So if you are on the fence about this and are looking for a complete change from the usual procession of samey shooters and rpg's, give it a try...Get this game..! And GET ORF MY LAND..!"
76561198018928340,Not Recommended,313160,13448270,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,lev aaris,"i am having trouble, all i get is out of range when i start the game,i think i have to change the resolution but i cant get into the game to do this,can some one help me."
76561198046412662,Not Recommended,313160,16031726,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Redneck Gamer Guy,Everytime I try to play this game its says that it cant be launched because of a my games file im not sure if its my computer or the game.
76561198106452587,Not Recommended,313160,16076456,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,(V&R)matthew,i love this game [farming sim 15 and 13]. I wont to  thank you for everything.
76561198124669030,Recommended,313160,13328528,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CSI48,"This game is Great , buy this game and you will never want to play anything else .On a side note : Giants Devs , Dont charge for DLC , i for one am not buying DLC ...Reason you ask ?? because i can Downloan Free mods every day ."
,Not Recommended,313160,14552966,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,sistimicanomally,This game is okay but gets boring quick. I wish steam would give me my money back or give me credit to get another game. I dont recommend it unless you wanto to be a hardcore farmer. Boring!
76561198180696686,Not Recommended,313160,14581887,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,_VIRUS_48,"у меня такая проблема , раньше играли с братом FarmingSimulator2015 по одной лицензии захотели поиграть вместе я купил игру а зайти друг к другу на карту не можем но вдвоём заходим к другим игрокам . Кто может подсказать почему мы не можем попасть друг к другу на карту и что надо сделать ?"
,Recommended,313160,12703987,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Levahj,"Awesome game, definately worth the upgrade from fs13"
,Recommended,313160,23656632,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Oblaque,I farted :)
76561198118071972,Not Recommended,313160,24256500,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,queebles,"thought it might be cool, or fun, or something, but no, it isn't."
,Not Recommended,313160,15370339,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Crack Panda,didnt get into it
76561198118809614,Not Recommended,313160,15041381,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,walteroh13,"First off, if you download the game from steam you are not permitted to extract the actual game from steam common and place it on your task bar. Secondly, if you try to manually edit the save files, the game automatically deletes your save file. If a game is pro modding they should not prevent you from editing save files."
76561198038671952,Not Recommended,313160,14012350,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fabolusaurus,ok the game is okay but the graphics engine is broken.every hour it breaks down and your savefile gets deleted!so there is impossible to make progress!i have complained and in a month they havent fixed it.so this is more like an alpha that never will get well.sorry to tell you that problably they are on the way with farming simulator 2016...this is nothing more than a broken game.
76561197964461102,Not Recommended,313160,17917260,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Stretch,Words fail to describe how boring this game is.Here simulate this:http://www.independent.co.uk/news/farmers-in-tractors-blasted-with-water-cannons-in-dramatic-video-as-brussels-milk-protests-descend-into-chaos-10489695.html
76561198006659350,Not Recommended,313160,23408833,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,EvilOrNot,Not bad if one is lobotomized and enjoys farming
,Recommended,313160,12719597,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Rowan the Russian☭,A game worth buying! Best for playing with friends!
76561198109924889,Not Recommended,313160,17509553,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,McBurgerQueen,"This game was a major dissapointment. I use to play this game on my iphone and loved it. But on the computer, the graphics are really bad, dont get thrown off by their trailers graphics because you will be very dissapointed. Another problem i had with this game is that the tutorial is really bad. Even with my past experiences in the iphone world i was unnable to figure out how to drive a tractor. If you are really thinking of trying this game out try it in the apple or android store first, its a lot more fun and the graphics are 10 times better on the iphone. Please dont be thrown off by the trailers ""amazing"" graphics because you will not be happy on your first launch."
,Not Recommended,313160,28799802,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,trekwiz,"This is the most boring game I've ever played. There's no farm management, it's more about riding around in a tractor over and over again. I drive enough for work--this was just tedius."
76561198071872337,Not Recommended,313160,23902910,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Walfacon,There weren't enough wizard present on my farm!
76561198145954727,Not Recommended,313160,13885898,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,clay2169,it is asking to to update my video card and i to 3D and i cant
,Recommended,313160,21345069,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr. Panda,VERI GUD
76561198070928781,Not Recommended,313160,27433195,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Andro,dont buy it its not worth your time everything is just bad runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and looks like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198010238596,Not Recommended,313160,18742277,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ernstlu,"Not going ot recomend it. Because if you want an expansion pack on release date, dont use steam."
,Not Recommended,313160,27716964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Agent,Reviewing this for the nomination
76561198059773056,Not Recommended,313160,30454668,Posted: 11 March,all,onceuponahunter,GAME IS NOT RESPONDING .
,Not Recommended,313160,34261925,Posted: 15 August,all,nonbinaryhippie,The gameplay is too nitpicky. I thought this would scratch my OCD itch and be satisfying to play but it's just too much work to be soothing.
,Not Recommended,313160,19839400,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,zts11,bad game cant even play it
76561198273228028,Recommended,313160,34428703,Posted: 22 August,all,jesealion,fun game but i would play fs 17
76561198244925318,Not Recommended,313160,34870498,Posted: 10 September,all,Rea the Fox,I don't think this is a good game to play it is overall boring and very slow when people could just want to see how it all functions and not play the career mode nor Multiplayer
,Recommended,313160,32449609,Posted: 15 June,all,Ludde,Fun 8.7/10
,Recommended,313160,13740304,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Chubs,Better than Catz 2
76561198218900997,Recommended,313160,31908526,Posted: 22 May,all,colljarod69 | gamekit.com,it wont stop crashing. need help please
,Not Recommended,313160,20187797,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GadMiuM,not for me
,Recommended,313160,26371383,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Popika ARENA.LALEAGANE.RO,Good!
76561198004167126,Not Recommended,313160,18949326,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TheCardGame,"Cant seem to understand the fuss over this game. If you like driving combine harvesters around im sure youll like it, but wasnt for me."
76561198135272203,Not Recommended,313160,15269500,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Koala123,"The game does have good graphics, but it seems a bit slow, I dont like the slow pace of the game."
,Not Recommended,313160,15110803,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Wautist,I would recommend not to buy it. It is almost the same as Fs 13.  Yes it got better graphics. New vehicles but that's it.4/10
76561198079648396,Not Recommended,313160,30534162,Posted: 15 March,all,paul138,this game has nothing but problems i can not get my G27 pedals to work as two separate pedals as soon as i take my foot off the accelerator the vehicle im in just goes bacwards at full speed so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off ive been sitting here for 4 hours trying to get this to work.....
,Not Recommended,313160,18341707,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pre55ure,"This game is sort of fun for a little while, then everything becomes repetition and quickly gets boring, i dont know why but i bought this game twice costing £30 on steam and wait for it ....... £50 on the PS4 ....... in my eyes this game is worth about £15-20 and thats when you realy have nothing else going on in your life and you become so bored you buy this game.......i leave this as a thumbs down review for the pure robbery this company has done to its buyers and the price they sold this for in the past and now (including PS4), all those niave kids and pure loners with nothing else to do in life will whip this game up and im sure they will have a good time for a limited time, then if smart enough reach the realisation they paid too much for the game and start to question themselves if theve been trolled by this company ?the ones that wernt smart enough pre-ordered the copy and paste job of farming simulator 16"
,Recommended,313160,12748918,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,go_die,I like tractors. Cows are cute too. 10/10
,Recommended,313160,12705265,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dodohttp,Best game in the world you get to use a high powered water blaster 10/10
,Recommended,313160,20498545,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cuddletauren,If you don't like farming then I got a problem with that.10/10% syncing players
,Not Recommended,313160,28970959,Posted: 3 January,all,The HopelessGamer™,same theme and UI layout as FS213 same everything but with slightly better graphics and some new vehicles...  waste of money as for why i am not buying the newest one thats out since its probably the same.
76561198034877863,Recommended,313160,12693893,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bake the boy,nice game
76561198001697331,Not Recommended,313160,13279585,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Colbey,"Really simplified game that pretty much forces you to play how it wants you to, waste offffffff moola."
,Recommended,313160,15081570,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Nibberss,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,313160,12736468,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,hitomi,Yes.
76561198286200555,Not Recommended,313160,22866162,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Weldon,"I own this game for my console, but with the many who use it via Steam (by way of youtube videos) I became very interested. So, I purchased it twice and yet is customer service available via phone support.  My idea of customer service is not having to search through many unrelated and somewhat reated issues to resolve my problem.   I could go on and on but I will stop here.  Love the game on my console but getting it loaded via Steam and my computer not so much a fan."
,Not Recommended,313160,15015656,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MikeHendershot,Really wish I could get my money back....  this game is TERRIBLE....... I can't even play on a Online servwe because there all LOCKED! why even play a game with Multiplayer with servers if your just gonna have them LOCK THEM!..... I can't bealive i wasted my money on this and the DLC! ...............  is there any way of getting my money back!?
,Not Recommended,313160,23654402,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,kenny mccormick,dont get this game it has to be one of the  most boring games ive ever played
,Recommended,313160,33428353,Posted: 10 July,all,Gold nova I smurf vreecase.com,goood♥♥♥♥♥
76561198087685799,Not Recommended,313160,24258799,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FozzyLAD,i loved playing fs before i had it on steam no problems at all but i got fs 15 on steam and its horrid and im never buying it through steam again
76561198093334489,Not Recommended,313160,28691540,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,El Dráke,"Not what you think it is, pretty boring unless you have nothing else to do"
,Not Recommended,313160,23831965,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NDML | flyingpig,"Claudius. And can you by no drift of circumstanceGet from him why he puts on this confusion,Grating so harshly all his days of quiet 1685With turbulent and dangerous lunacy?Rosencrantz. He does confess he feels himself distracted,But from what cause he will by no means speak.Guildenstern. Nor do we find him forward to be sounded,But with a crafty madness keeps aloof 1690When we would bring him on to some confessionOf his true state.Gertrude. Did he receive you well?Rosencrantz. Most like a gentleman.Guildenstern. But with much forcing of his disposition. 1695Rosencrantz. ♥♥♥♥♥rd of question, but of our demandsMost free in his reply.Gertrude. Did you assay himTo any pastime?Rosencrantz. Madam, it so fell out that certain players 1700We o'erraught on the way. Of these we told him,And there did seem in him a kind of joyTo hear of it. They are here about the court,And, as I think, they have already orderThis night to play before him. 1705Polonius. 'Tis most true;And he beseech'd me to entreat your MajestiesTo hear and see the matter.Claudius. With all my heart, and it doth much content meTo hear him so inclin'd. 1710Good gentlemen, give him a further edgeAnd drive his purpose on to these delights.Rosencrantz. We shall, my lord.Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.Claudius. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too; 1715For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither,That he, as 'twere by accident, may hereAffront Ophelia.Her father and myself (lawful espials)Will so bestow ourselves that, seeing unseen, 1720We may of their encounter frankly judgeAnd gather by him, as he is behav'd,If't be th' affliction of his love, or no,That thus he suffers for.Gertrude. I shall obey you; 1725And for your part, Ophelia, I do wishThat your good beauties be the happy causeOf Hamlet's wildness. So shall I hope your virtuesWill bring him to his wonted way again,To both your honours. 1730Ophelia. Madam, I wish it may.[Exit Queen.]Polonius. Ophelia, walk you here.- Gracious, so please you,We will bestow ourselves.- [To Ophelia] Read on this book,That show of such an exercise may colour 1735Your loneliness.- We are oft to blame in this,'Tis too much prov'd, that with devotion's visageAnd pious action we do sugar o'erThe Devil himself.Claudius. [aside] O, 'tis too true! 1740How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience!The harlot's cheek, beautied with plast'ring art,Is not more ugly to the thing that helps itThan is my deed to my most painted word.O heavy burthen! 1745Polonius. I hear him coming. Let's withdraw, my lord.Exeunt King and Polonius].Enter Hamlet.Hamlet. To be, or not to be- that is the question:Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer 1750The slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneOr to take arms against a sea of troubles,And by opposing end them. To die- to sleep-No more; and by a sleep to say we endThe heartache, and the thousand natural shocks 1755That flesh is heir to. 'Tis a consummationDevoutly to be wish'd. To die- to sleep.To sleep- perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub!For in that sleep of death what dreams may comeWhen we have shuffled off this mortal coil, 1760Must give us pause. There's the respectThat makes calamity of so long life.For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,Th' oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,The pangs of despis'd love, the law's delay, 1765The insolence of office, and the spurnsThat patient merit of th' unworthy takes,When he himself might his quietus makeWith a bare bodkin? Who would these fardels bear,To grunt and sweat under a weary life, 1770But that the dread of something after death-The undiscover'd country, from whose bournNo traveller returns- puzzles the will,And makes us rather bear those ills we haveThan fly to others that we know not of? 1775Thus conscience does make cowards of us all,And thus the native hue of resolutionIs sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,And enterprises of great pith and momentWith this regard their currents turn awry 1780And lose the name of action.- Soft you now!The fair Ophelia!- Nymph, in thy orisonsBe all my sins rememb'red.Ophelia. Good my lord,How does your honour for this many a day? 1785Hamlet. I humbly thank you; well, well, well.Ophelia. My lord, I have remembrances of yoursThat I have longed long to re-deliver.I pray you, now receive them.Hamlet. No, not I! 1790I never gave you aught.Ophelia. My honour'd lord, you know right well you did,And with them words of so sweet breath compos'dAs made the things more rich. Their perfume lost,Take these again; for to the noble mind 1795Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.There, my lord.Hamlet. Ha, ha! Are you honest?Ophelia. My lord?Hamlet. Are you fair? 1800Ophelia. What means your lordship?Hamlet. That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit nodiscourse to your beauty.Ophelia. Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?Hamlet. Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform 1805honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty cantranslate beauty into his likeness. This was sometime a paradox,but now the time gives it proof. I did love you once.Ophelia. Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.Hamlet. You should not have believ'd me; for virtue cannot so 1810inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it. I loved younot.Ophelia. I was the more deceived.Hamlet. Get thee to a nunnery! Why wouldst thou be a breeder ofsinners? I am myself indifferent honest, but yet I could accuse 1815me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me.I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at mybeck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to givethem shape, or time to act them in. What should such fellows as Ido, crawling between earth and heaven? We are arrant knaves all; 1820believe none of us. Go thy ways to a nunnery. Where's yourfather?Ophelia. At home, my lord.Hamlet. Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the foolnowhere but in's own house. Farewell. 1825Ophelia. O, help him, you sweet heavens!Hamlet. If thou dost marry, I'll give thee this plague for thy dowry:be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, thou shalt not escapecalumny. Get thee to a nunnery. Go, farewell. Or if thou wiltneeds marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what 1830monsters you make of them. To a nunnery, go; and quickly too.Farewell.Ophelia. O heavenly powers, restore him!Hamlet. I have heard of your paintings too, well enough. God hathgiven you one face, and you make yourselves another. You jig, you 1835amble, and you lisp; you nickname God's creatures and make yourwantonness your ignorance. Go to, I'll no more on't! it hath mademe mad. I say, we will have no moe marriages. Those that aremarried already- all but one- shall live; the rest shall keep asthey are. To a nunnery, go. Exit. 1840Ophelia. O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!The courtier's, scholar's, soldier's, eye, tongue, sword,Th' expectancy and rose of the fair state,The glass of fashion and the mould of form,Th' observ'd of all observers- quite, quite down! 1845And I, of ladies most deject and wretched,That suck'd the honey of his music vows,Now see that noble and most sovereign reason,Like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh;That unmatch'd form and feature of blown youth 1850Blasted with ecstasy. O, woe is meT' have seen what I have seen, see what I see!Enter King and Polonius.Claudius. Love? his affections do not that way tend;Nor what he spake, though it lack'd form a little, 1855Was not like madness. There's something in his soulO'er which his melancholy sits on brood;And I do doubt the hatch and the discloseWill be some danger; which for to prevent,I have in quick determination 1860Th"
76561198135515857,Not Recommended,313160,25096868,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,gforce0712,this game is not worth it for $25 dollors.its good for moding but steering suck walking sucks. here is a mod web sitehttp://www.ls2015.com/this mod web site  is pretty up to date. but everytjhing is wrong hopefuly the nexrt game is better. In conclusion this was a step up from FS 2013 but its not there yet
76561198114995259,Recommended,313160,12716656,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,EmeraldMiner,This is a great game it can be a bit slow but with multiplayer is great
,Not Recommended,313160,29433532,Posted: 22 January,all,Carter,Terrible game. Only play if you're in africa
76561198090961324,Recommended,313160,12702916,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Blitz Jäger,"The ganme is great, but the anoying thing is that i pre-ordered it throu steam but i dont get the pre-ordered  tractors. so thats realy anoying but other than that it an awsome game"
76561198003364703,Not Recommended,313160,26318851,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,jimpratt1979,"just dont bother , the game is a fantastic idea in premise , but EVERYTHING LITERALLY is  sooo damn difficult , akward , fiddly , tells you nothing pretty much even in the tutorial , your machines disapear ,ok you can reset them but then once rest you have to travel a mile just to get them again, you can barely sell anything because it does not tell you where to go to sell and when it does you then cannot unload your goods as no option .i hope the developers see the negative reviews and think hmm not everyone is a damn farmer , maybe like all games we want to pretend and make it far more acessibleavoid at all costs waste of moneyidea fantastic ,way they have done it ..damn awful"
76561198310974614,Recommended,313160,24976163,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,loobie72,do not buy this game its a good game but go out and get it on disk as after about a month and you then decide to get mods and maps year its good for a bit and then if it stops working you are done with that game as steam support is terible and i had to get a refund and i dont even know if it worked yet because i have a new card and have not yet set up my online banking and would just like to say that if you pc is not the strongest dont even look into getting ark survival becuase i also got that game and i got all exsited because the youtubers play it and i got into the bit were you decide to join an online ark or privet i would then load it and then it would crash and i would also like a refund on that
,Recommended,313160,12802054,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stef,"Amazing game, simply good to play with friends etc to do alot of different things..One big issue though: Multiplayer = VERY laggy. If that's solved, and there's a history for joined servers & server owners i'd be entirely happy :)"
76561198008513739,Recommended,313160,12759540,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,SKIDROW,I would gladly pay $59 for this - Amazing Amazing Amazing - Love this game
76561198047719669,Recommended,313160,12695741,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,crr63,"When will this game become avaliable for Mac? I preordered it becasue it said that it was for Macs as well, now I cant play it."
,Recommended,313160,12893661,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tomothy,Potatoes gunna potate
,Not Recommended,313160,22864663,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Johnny BigBoí,"Bad game, i don't like it..."
,Recommended,313160,13006797,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Xx_SniperReaper_xX,Good Game
76561198079437776,Not Recommended,313160,15066654,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Blueberry... Man?,Did I say I wasted my money?I wasted my money.
,Recommended,313160,25919487,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gaming Authoritah,"An amazing game.  Very engaging and realistic graphics. Almost makes me want to give up the city life and buy a farm.  Ah, who am I kidding?  That would never work.  But that's why I have this simulator instead.See gameplay athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmPS6n9ypYM"
76561197970753326,Not Recommended,313160,14269621,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DeathUman,Never slept so well on a keyboard...
,Not Recommended,313160,21904041,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,✪ b0mb4L1fe,DON`T BUY THIS GAME BORING ASSSSSS ♥♥♥♥KKK
76561197993723411,Not Recommended,313160,24123455,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Horizon,"Wasted my money.This just isn't a game for me.  The game pace is extremely slow.  I felt like I was farming it in real time.  This was not what I was expecting at all.  I thought it would be more like SimCity, or Tycoon game but it's not."
76561198124543378,Not Recommended,313160,22911772,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BuBz,Wish I could chop my own  p  e  n  i  s  off for buying this a s s of a game
76561198129611729,Recommended,313160,12702981,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,shawnofthedead,uhhh yes this is worth the money. Gives you the things you would see in reall farming.
76561198093205474,Recommended,313160,12702659,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CamaroMan61,The grapics have improverd a lot from fs13. Its worth the money
,Not Recommended,313160,15051695,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,A Smelly Wizard,worst game i ever bought iev made a lot of regrents in my game buying but this one was the on the top of the list the controls are rageinduceing its the hardest when youre trying to line it up with the filed
76561198057986842,Not Recommended,313160,31684384,Posted: 11 May,all,Rain,"Unless you like running around like an headless chicken,trying to figure everything out for yourself,whilst time just passes you by,i wouldn`t reccommend this sim at all.There`s barely a tutorial,just tells you want you already know/can figure out for your self,there`s no reference guide that tells you want you have to do step by step and what you can do,and where you sell stuff or hell even what each of the icons are on the map.I for one thought that what you sowed you watered since it`s a farming sim and that`s what you`d do in real life,but you don`t.I`ve had this for a day & i had more excitment watching repeats on tv.Overall i`m left with an overall feeling of confusion."
,Not Recommended,313160,30258174,Posted: 1 March,all,xX_Edgelord420_Xx,"Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing sucks, kill me."
76561198075607338,Not Recommended,313160,30179802,Posted: 25 February,all,roman.joseph,Doesn't work. Very bad
76561198151646290,Recommended,313160,12953139,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,What Are You Playing At,great game
,Recommended,313160,12798287,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SoulPheenix,A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
,Not Recommended,313160,32782983,Posted: 25 June,all,AmazingSalmon,Bought this game to play Multiplayer.Disconnects after 30 secs.10/10 would disconnect again.
76561198156031933,Not Recommended,313160,23342803,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jonsuman,"I thought this game is good, but NO it wasn't. Don't waste your money for this!"
,Recommended,313160,12701958,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,VirtuallyKnoXy[SLO],Awsome game :D
76561198019391020,Not Recommended,313160,19226000,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hexrod,Terrible game. I can figure out what to do no money to buy anything.
76561198148883362,Not Recommended,313160,14506279,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,truckercj98,dear steam do you know that no one can play this game because of giants enigne softwere please fix this problem thanks
,Recommended,313160,12702527,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Toath,10/10
76561198009068370,Not Recommended,313160,33349640,Posted: 7 July,all,wangotango5150,i can not get on the game
,Recommended,313160,12707473,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,FutboleroR10,Best game ever made.
,Not Recommended,313160,30060893,Posted: 20 February,all,Free succ,Dont buy this.
,Recommended,313160,32827374,Posted: 26 June,all,✪ Raja.,...
76561198327629027,Not Recommended,313160,32823698,Posted: 26 June,all,MeilesLaivas   Farmskins.com,the game is good but it crash when i turn on
76561198039742839,Not Recommended,313160,12707763,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Gargoyle,"Why pay the money for this.....it's the same game as 2013 ....Pro's# graphics are a bit better# the physics engine seems better# main map is ok# nicely laid out map# improved UICon's# roads are now where near as good as 2013# cannot get some vehicles up hills seem to catch on bumps in roads# UI a bit hard to navigate# roads seem to have too many sharp bends on them making it hard to drive around# when ploughing a field then cultivate it, the lines stay in the same direction no matter which way you cultivate itSummaryReally the same game as 2013 when you compare the both, no really thought has been put into the game, as mentioned above graphics and physics are better but when you cultivate a field from North to South the lines are straight, but when you do the same for East to West the lines don't change with the so called effort that they say went into this game you would have thought they would have got that right if they did would be a bit more realalistic....Overall once again the mod community may well get on board and complete the game to where it should be...Maybe the money paid for the game should be going to the mod community because the $29.00 in my opinion is a complete waste and a huge let down."
76561198060374652,Recommended,313160,12704586,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bourgeois67,This Game is a really game if you like the farming simulation games. i would reccomend this game to any one. i like how realistic of the game like the tractors getting dirty and stuff like that. there are also awsome mods out there to make the game more realistic. so come on and join the farming simulator community.
,Recommended,313160,12740839,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,123,Chopping trees is rather satisfying.10/10 Do recommend!
,Not Recommended,313160,34848234,Posted: 9 September,all,andrew.brake,Refund.Invert mouse Y doesn't work. Spent 45 mins trying the best I managed inverted Y but changed mouse sensitivity to 50%.The settings and options for this game are a disaster.
76561198218590660,Not Recommended,313160,24124573,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gunther Magnuson™,This is the worst Game ever please do not buy this shity game
76561198080086058,Recommended,313160,12704585,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,truste012,ASOLUTLY AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,313160,12994645,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jesus,"I expected this to be alot better than 2013 FS, it isn't. Im disapointed. Wish I could get my money back"
,Not Recommended,313160,12865408,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dwight Frightening,"WARNING.This game is FULL of game breaking bugs and problems. Between the pressure washer that requires and extremely specific angle to clean most of the tractors, to pallets being completely unmanageable to load and unload on trailers, it feels a hell of a lot more like an early access than a final release. Buyer Beware."
76561197971858202,Not Recommended,313160,12755616,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ohfive30,"FS15 is a disappointing iteration of FS 2013.There's nothing really new apart from a bit of logging, and considering the number of mods available for FS 2013 after 2 years, FS15 is currently a step backwards in almost every sense apart from some slightly prettier graphics.It seems to me the developers spent their development time on things such as making the trailers fill up asymetrically and coding a system to allow any tree in the game to be cut up into pieces (no small feat I'd imagine) little things like having some more robust hired worker AI (i'd like them to avoid trees, not smash into them) and some options for automation of a tasks such as delivering/selling harvested stuff seems to have been totally ignored in favor of a new skybox.the physics are essentially the same, with the occasional MEF (Mechanical Epileptic Fit) setting your vehicles dancing when you bump into the wrong thing, the AI cars are more solid than most tanks, and despite the people and cars moving around, the maps are dead.the washing of the tractors with the cleaner is lame at best, just point the washer at the tractors wheel for 2 mins and all the dirt will dissappear, no matter where on the tractor it is.the logging allows you to make cheat levels of cash in a very short time, plant a tree nearthe mill pond, cut it down with a $1000 chainsaw and push it into the pond with a tractor for an instant payoff. existing trees on the map fetch about 25k in normal and planted Firs can get about 45k.the game has it's appeal, but is at best disappointing.having said all that, I'm still playing it and will continue to do so in the hope that some mods will fix up the gripes i have. If you like fs2013, you'll like FS15, If you liked fs2013 with mods, wait a few months and you'll like FS15."
,Not Recommended,313160,12870683,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Maliboo,"Great game, great new features (a little buggy), but I figured this time they'd fix the lag issues, I have a high end video card, and extreamly fast internet, and computer, yet I'm constantly getting lag, I've owned FS11 and FS13, but I figured they actually fixed the lag issues by now, not a happy farmer..."
,Not Recommended,313160,12930159,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Icarus99,I would play it if it had TrackIR support.
76561198230906776,Not Recommended,313160,25815290,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Olbique,WHERE IS MY ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND?!?!?!
,Not Recommended,313160,25167031,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kaje,Worst game ive bought
,Recommended,313160,12702810,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AGE SHOT ME,good game
76561198372783205,Not Recommended,313160,31186931,Posted: 16 April,all,Crockey,this game is awful
76561198319417788,Not Recommended,313160,24480837,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,marytoleary,i downloaded the game and it installed good opened up the game it looked good with all the menus working fine with the colour i went to create a game it loaded the game it said click here to start i clicked it and the screen was green and grey i thought maby something in the settings where wrong but there was nothing to fix the problem so i deleted it and try downloadeding it again but the same problem happend again please help me
76561198051762348,Not Recommended,313160,13074398,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Nippleviking,I don't like this.  It's laggy and I miss some kind of base building .. it's just chopping down wood and buying new tools.Not my cup of tea.
,Not Recommended,313160,23577265,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kass,"I like farming dont get me wrong but, its just too difficult and hard to control and just plain boring."
,Not Recommended,313160,12702281,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,vgl217,"It feels like youre driving on ice and the acceleration is absurd...there are good things over fs2013 such as better graphics, better forestry than the mod, better UI, and washable textures for all default vehicles, but I dont think that these outweigh the things they broke from fs2013. Unless they patch things up and fix some of these problems i cant say i recommend this to anyone, although i do higly recomend fs 2013"
76561198146529868,Recommended,313160,13033572,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DrBully,sho
,Not Recommended,313160,12694482,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TheMadGunnerGuy,"I was looking forward to the release of this however upon downloading it there still wasn't any native compatibility with the Logitech G27 Steering wheel, tractors still have the same old cheap physics, vehicles are still all automatic and the game still thinks that I have a gamepad/wheel from the late 90's. Upon changing a few axis commands for the use of pedals I deleted a key binding that stops the game from working...... Really? So here I am upon release re installing a game with no real groundbreaking feature advancements that became unplayable by deleting a key binding. GG Giants! It could have been a decent simulator if they would have bothered adding gears to tractors and real wheel compatibility with force feedback like in EuroTruck Simulator 2 or Assetto Corsa (both of which supported wheels properly from day 1) as at the end of the day the main part of the game is driving."
76561198226716372,Not Recommended,313160,29697305,Posted: 4 February,all,☠♣ Brayn _Fury♣,very very bad
76561198320350462,Not Recommended,313160,24542244,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,zachwest393,sucks
76561197966598935,Not Recommended,313160,12836001,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,CptKane,They could have done so much more out of this game. But they didnt.. its the same as FS13 only with a new map and very buggy woodcutting.
76561198090698117,Not Recommended,313160,12830109,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,畜生猪.,"骗人的游戏，我很后悔非常.进不去游戏界面根本.我表示29.99美元非常的不满[Shell game, I regret very much. Can't get into the game interface at all. I said $29.99 very discontent]."
,Not Recommended,313160,12754105,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dustin_Byce,"This game FS15 is the same as FS13 (with mods that are out there). There is nothing new and I mean literally  NOTHING new because every thing ""new"" is all ready a mod for FS13 that you can get free.With FS15 what I would of like to see is-Improve the AI-new animals like a dog/cat to roam around the farm, horses, goats, ect..-a more advanced economy-better driving feel like shifting gears i.e forword, low/high gear, reverse, ect..-a start from scratch no inheriting a already well established farm like ([+]Captain Crunch) pointed out-more modern equipment-more maps from different countries-more types of seeds-seasons i.e. summer, fall, winter, spring (depending on the map/country)-more selection/equipment for woodcutting-more and better  placeable objects (not just limited to certain spots)-a way to look at the controls without need to quit the game to the main menu-include a modding program (it would be cool)-have the radios in the tractors work and allow us to have our own musicbut all said and done if you have FS13 keep it and play that because FS15 isn't new just a polished FS13 with mods."
76561198062830341,Not Recommended,313160,33405903,Posted: 9 July,all,He who not like banana,"CRAP, absolute garbage, get 17 or 13 because this game is a disgrace to mankind"
,Not Recommended,313160,14449975,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Itsuki Fujii,NO.No.no.
76561198308462905,Not Recommended,313160,23533156,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,enzojuju1109,"keeps getting error, shader 3.0."
76561198065775129,Not Recommended,313160,12848593,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EvilDuck,when i start Farming Simulator 2015 is the only blackwhat should I do?
76561198011599745,Not Recommended,313160,12709015,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hugh DePayne,"Verdict for me is still undecided, yes Ive payed for it but I dont see anything that would suggest this product is better than buying FS 2013 and just modding it.A lot of dumb reviews on here. All this is really is a shinier version of FS2013."
76561198103270198,Not Recommended,313160,12751636,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Wildhorse21nm,Im having problems starting this game
,Not Recommended,313160,15039484,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jake Skyrunner,"IF you are into fast action paced games,   this is so not the game you want to get (no matter how many times your friends wave a cow in front of you)... It's very difficult to figure out,   I had no goals to work from,  no idea where I was meant to go,   what machine I needed,  where the vehicle store was.  which field belonged to me.......I was so bored within 6 minutes of the game starting,   that I actually turned it off and played something else.   Be aware that this game is now at 50% off now in the steam store....      That in itself tells you that STEAM no longer thinks they are going to get the original price of this title anymore and have lost confidence in it,    and had to reduce it,  just to move the units out the door.My advice is to watch ALOT of YouTube videos of the game play of this title. ... make sure you are happy to waste your money on this...."
76561197996233265,Not Recommended,313160,12768782,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Snypehunter,"I was very dissappointed and I was not expecting a lot.  The graphics seem image based, not rendered.  ie when you plow a field it will only plow in perftct streight or diagonal lines.  If you try a figure 8 or somethign it will render in very large blocks of streight or diagonal rows.I wanted to play with the timber machines and have not found a way to access them.This is a horrid game.  Perhaps the fiancial game behind it is better than driving the machines..Real dissappointment.  I wish I could ask for a refund"
76561198124889543,Not Recommended,313160,34817065,Posted: 8 September,all,plowthex,Very boring. At time of writing there is a sale on so you can get the game for a better price.I would suggest buying the game on a sale (If you want to buy a game simulating a job that I'm assuming is quite boring)
76561197990013915,Not Recommended,313160,12698380,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Blacksun,Will give this game a honest review after solving the black/white crash screen. Not playable until then.
76561198030940919,Not Recommended,313160,13074546,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,stsorders,i wes doing foresty and i wes cuting dowend a fair tree and it exet me aot of the game
76561198116687626,Not Recommended,313160,12724013,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,muxollschroeder,"The game dosent work, when i get in the game, i can walk about 20meters and the it freezes. then its says gaints engine has stop stop working!!!! i have updated all my drivers (amd, ati, direct x and open gl) and it stil dosent work, and i my laptop has all the minimum reqirments i even tried the trick with imputbinding.xml change and nothing works!!!! can any one help?!"
76561198113594326,Not Recommended,313160,15455521,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,caboose11745,30$ wasted... literally the worst game I have played to date
76561198164457362,Not Recommended,313160,28456624,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Fire Wolf - Firelord,MAKE IT THAT IT RUNS ON WINDOWS 10 BECAUSE I CAN'T GO BACK TO 7 YOU IDIOTS
76561198030458791,Not Recommended,313160,12696388,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Richard,I haven't had a chance to play it yet because steam cant stay up to date with the update :(
76561198273897385,Not Recommended,313160,23483770,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,superpuglogie,this game sucks it takes hours to learn the game well others take like 10mins
,Not Recommended,313160,12761812,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,VicioGamer,"I'am enjoining this game, but this is a FS2013 clone... little new, hold your money back until mods or free dlcs come..."
76561198081533003,Not Recommended,313160,12749842,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mikemortenson,the game don't work through steam all i get is a black screen with sound it better get fixed or give a refund
,Not Recommended,313160,12760061,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gucci.Twerkin,i would love the game if it did not keep crashing on me every 10 minutes:( if it was fixed would give it 10 stars cuz is fun
76561198117341472,Not Recommended,313160,12754595,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,j.4020,going by their written requireents for the game i purchased it now cannot play game because they say my system will not handle it ♥♥♥♥ing bull♥♥♥♥♥♥im out 30 dollars never again
76561197996999567,Not Recommended,313160,12734487,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cpt. Flint.,This is one of the most ♥♥♥♥♥iest games i have played in my entire life. there is absolutely no goal in this game. if you wanna drive a tractor for the whole day then this is your game this is no worth the 30 euros i have payed for it i am very dissapointed and i wish i could turn back the time.
76561198083892664,Not Recommended,313160,12701329,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,patriotvet,bought this on 10-29 installed it and tried to play on 10-30 and the mouse and keyboard controls won't work so i have a $30 game that i can not play.
,Not Recommended,313160,12879986,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Azir,i love this game but i am have a virus im not happy with it
76561198070222509,Not Recommended,313160,12752903,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Iluminado,"This game is pointless.. of all simulators out there this is the most boring, pointless game ever made.. i haven't played the other farm simulators.. but if this is the best, can you imagine how bad the others had been? Jesus... for the people who enjoy this...get a life... or go to a real farm and work there."
76561198030719913,Not Recommended,313160,12930088,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,iTzRYANx,I am not very happy why doesn't this work on MacBook Pro
,Not Recommended,313160,12693817,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jazzharlem,"Big Problem ! Many of us have same problem! If you start the game, there some Crash in loading. You will see only the black window a you can listen to the Music. I have much stronger system, then is recomended! If Giants dont fix the Problem i want my Money back ! Shame on you GIANTS !"
76561198091386008,Not Recommended,313160,12823465,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,FUCK YOU FUCK YOU,i have a blak screen so i cant play it yeah so i dislikeit untell i can play the game so can some own help me plz
,Not Recommended,313160,26174469,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,some kind of democrat,trash
,Not Recommended,313160,23504554,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,{Poptart} Brown Sugar Cinnamon,it sucks
76561198013363689,Not Recommended,313160,12692474,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Turkleton,"SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTED.  If you own FS 2013 keep your money.  They improved the graphics and added new equipment but it's the exact same maps.  I'm at a loss for words really.  Can't believe for all the hype that they didn't make new maps.  After spending hundreds of hours in FS 2013, FS 15 hardly feels like a new game.  This should have been sold as a mod.  FFS"
76561198380883963,Not Recommended,313160,32359900,Posted: 12 June,all,yalazri1,do not download this game it is the worst game i ever playedtrust me
76561198077944079,Not Recommended,313160,12789568,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,28jetfan,REPLACE GAME PROFILE .XML PROBLEMS TRYED TO MAPP G27 WHEEL AND KNOW DOSENT LOAD JUST BLANK SCREEN
76561198169386140,Not Recommended,313160,23564799,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Party,"no physics , horrible game"
76561198308003970,Not Recommended,313160,32135058,Posted: 2 June,all,Damian345pl,very boring its definetly not worth 20pounds im asking for a refund
76561198083003903,Not Recommended,313160,12797357,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ben17sb17,It wont start upHelp me
76561198046024904,Not Recommended,313160,12792677,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ΜηΤς0ΣCASEIH,I HATE THIS GAME BECAUSE ITS DOESNT WORK TO MY COMPUTER AND I HAVE VERY GOOD COMPUTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198106628068,Not Recommended,313160,12702035,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[WFG] Joe_1755 Gaming,OVER ALL SUCKS!!!!!!If giants would fix the black screen when u change key bindings id say great game but untill then sucks!!!!
76561198083022553,Not Recommended,313160,12705186,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MooshkibooLoverOfTheMasses,help getting aplication  load error 3c0000065432
76561198171488954,Not Recommended,313160,25403303,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,xXKillerViperXx,Graphics Are terrible adn the sound is cringey
76561198053312843,Not Recommended,313160,12709056,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hansen,"♥♥♥♥♥game.. Cant even startup.. Having black screen. I have 16 gb ram, Nvida Gtx 680 2 gb, Intel r core i5.. My pc should run it!!!!"
76561198161002767,Not Recommended,313160,12695190,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,tanj_man,"NEVER BUY THROUGH STEAM! game comes up as a black screen and the only way to shut it off is to open the task manager and close it, steam will not help me make it work or refund my purchase"
,Not Recommended,313160,34202121,Posted: 12 August,all,vidakanto,DLCs to expensive
,Not Recommended,313160,31525462,Posted: 3 May,all,garys food review,Why do i have so many hours on this game?!!!
76561197982803321,Recommended,313160,21367761,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Moose Thirteen,"I've lived most of my life in farm country and never had a clue why farmers needed 4 different tractors and what all those weird looking trailers with the big blades and springs and wheels were for, and if nothing else after playing this game now I have a much better understanding of all that.  I mean, mostly this is a game about driving tractors back and forth across fields over and over.  Which sounds kind of boring, but really isn't... it's actually pretty relaxing in the way that mowing a lawn with a lawn tractor is relaxing.  And it's all a nice change of pace from games about slaughtering lots and lots of stuff.  Beyond the driving there are interesting choices to make about a farm run profitably.  Spending so much time sitting in a tractor gives you plenty of time to think about all that.  Plus now I feel like I'm not qualified to pick up women onfarmersonly.com, so there's that."
76561198324860585,Recommended,313160,29575500,Posted: 29 January,all,Ski Insanity,"This Game Is Great And Lots Of Fun If You Wanted GTA5 For The Cars But It Was To Violent Then This Game Is Perfect Espesialy With Mods Farming Is Fun Too 3 words Satisfied, Fun and Entertaining"
,Recommended,313160,29499304,Posted: 26 January,all,G.,Melts away the stress of your real life. Really... who needs a shrink when you have a farm.
76561198163217673,Recommended,313160,17234851,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,bergvall_89,Great game!!! 10/10
76561197972654938,Recommended,313160,17236397,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bohemio,"I don't know what posessed someone to say, ""I'm going to write a game about farming and animal husbandry"", but they said it and followed through with it. The results are inexplicably addictive. I spent an embarassing amount of time playing the 2014 version and this one improves on it in nearly every aspect.Minor cons..* The farms are apparently on Jupiter as a modest incline will make your tractors slow to a crawl.* Sometimes hired workers take creative liberties with harvesting or decide to knock off and go home.* Driving anything with a trailer is a mini-game in and of itself called, ""Will it jackknife without warning""* I find the logging part (wood chipping in particular) annoying. But, that's just me."
,Recommended,313160,17036797,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Daddy™,"good game, lots of fun, and cool, 70/100"
,Recommended,313160,17212156,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,goodster17,Very Good Game If your into the simulation of driving tractors and farming.
,Recommended,313160,17213180,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,McKracken,"Awesome Game, nothing better than to be given a game that you can change everything in the game to something completely different, or load your own maps, or make and load your own mods."
,Recommended,313160,17274128,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ShadowGaming Videos™ [Empire],awsome game cant wait to get allthr dlcs ill recomend it to all
76561198006042930,Recommended,313160,17252564,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Speedrock,"Awesome game, takes patience but when you're in the business, the money roles in! Try step by step your different style of farming and find the most lucrative! Again, awesome to relax and play!"
76561198094176385,Recommended,313160,17255431,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,wray.windham,Better run as solo
,Recommended,313160,17286775,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Neeeeida <3,"Good, but they need to add Massey F, John D and fendt. When they get that ill love this game <3"
76561197984191240,Recommended,313160,17295005,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,chez,"I'm more of a FPS kind of guy, but  i can't stop playing this game! (i must be getting old). The best part of this game is the amount of free mods available from the independent  Farmsim forums, which put's new life back in the game & gives you more game play."
76561198154223816,Recommended,313160,14502050,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,han12032,The game will say it is loading but it never loads or it freezes.
76561197990290685,Not Recommended,313160,17107640,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,50% Off,"If you want to hate life, forestry is the way to go.  It's loads of fun to stare at pieces too small to grab with a vehicle, too small to grind and yet you cant touch or use your hands at all to just pick up and throw logs smaller than your arm in the truck."
76561198046691355,Recommended,313160,17090681,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,steven.viscido,"This is an extremely fun game with lots of options for building your farm.  It simulates the activities of a farm well enough without forcing you to become over micro-managey.  Certain licenses are taken with reality to make it palyable... for example, cropse mature from seed to harvest in about 24 in-game hours. You can advance the clock to pass the time, which you will need to do early on when you only have one field. Once you have a lot of fields going, this is less necessary.The only real criticism I have is that when you advance time, activities do not speed up. For example, if it takes a seeder 25 real seconds to seed one row of a given field, if you go to 5x time, it still takes the seeder 25 real seconds, only in-game, it takes the seeder 2 minutes 5 seconds. Thus if you run on fast time on a big field, the first seeds you laid down for harvest will be ready for the combine before your seeder is even done seeding. That doesn't make much sense.  Ideally, if you speed up time, the vehicles should move faster too... A tractor moving 25 mph should be able to travel 125 miles on 5x time speed. But it doesn't. It still only goes 25 miles in a real hour, but since time has passed 5x as fast, your tracter was actually moving only 5 mph in-game.The time issue is really not a huge problem, however. The solution is to leave the clock on 1x while seeding, and then 5-15x for most other activities, and then 120x if you are just waiting for time to go by. Just don't forget to switch it back! I've doen that a couple of times and made a mess of things.Pros:- Nice graphics and sound FX- Super fun to drive tractors and combines around- Lots of development potential -- 20+ fields to buy, many kinds of crops and farm animals to raise- Engaging and interestingCons:- Clock speed settings don't work quite the way they should- Tutorials do NOT explain things in enough detail- I find starting out already with a loan to be very frustrating. I am in massive debt from day 1, even when I manage my finances wisely."
,Recommended,313160,17076218,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,AdrizzPlays,"Its fun,addictive, and awesome!!!"
76561197985338716,Recommended,313160,17083389,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Swatmo,Great and Fun Game
76561198011483539,Recommended,313160,17227835,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pandito,Almost as good as 2013 just need the mods to become more reliable and more practical
,Recommended,313160,17228657,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ChaseTheFalcon,"Wonderful game, bought a bunch of stuff and waiting on crops to grow, It is a wonderful game, I have not played a Farm Sim game since Farming Simulator 11, and this is a 1,000 times better"
76561198264039246,Recommended,313160,29518634,Posted: 27 January,all,Catman your overlord,"I am a long time fan of simulators. Farm simulator is on a yearly cycle, they have alredy released 17. If you where to ask me, 15 was when they came into there own. if you are a fan of farming, and do not mind a slow (very slow) grind, then I could certanly reccomend farm sim 15! (I have not played 16 or 17 but I doubt there is any improvement other than graphics.)"
,Recommended,313160,17003846,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Angry Norwegian,It's Doits-wahr! 5/5
76561198136160293,Recommended,313160,16726744,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,duck,MY GAME DOSNT WORK BUT I KNOW THE GAME AND ITS FUNthe error there is 3 colors green brown and blue i hope that it can be fix
,Recommended,313160,17009831,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sen,Brill game.
,Recommended,313160,17052435,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,King Frost,"This game is a exstreamly (not that much but you know) realistic, Beautiful Graphics, Game play is amazing, you can even mod it! I give it a Mountan Dew/Root Beer! (Means it's amazing)"
,Recommended,313160,17053700,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,laxlikeaboss,great game
76561198170222133,Recommended,313160,17055074,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,xXweslertXx,This was the first game I ever got on steam and I think it is the best. I just got 108 hours and i think it is great. The multiplarer needs a little work but other than that it is great.
76561198142582742,Recommended,313160,17055772,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ImPaulBlart,very realistic but the physics can be a bit derpy all in all its worth the money if you like farming or screwing around with friendsMENU MUSIC = DARUDE SANDSTORM
76561198033202698,Recommended,313160,17056914,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Buungkre,Better than Life itself
,Recommended,313160,17060650,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,deafgamer64,"After putting in some hours, I felt like a review...Overall the game is awesome. So much fun and stuff to do. Planting, harvesting and cool vehicles. This is worth checking out!The only thing bad about the game is the trees and buildings near the plot, the tractors along with whatever pullies I use, it ends up wrapped around a tree, especially during the hire mode. Buildings get in the way and there's barely room to get around builds in large vehicles. We should farm around plots without worrying about obsecules in the way. Hopefully a fix will be on the way since the game is fairly new."
76561198170888459,Recommended,313160,17069502,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,P-nut Knowles,I have played this game for about 7 months and ust today it wouldnt let me play the game. It let me click on it then it said perparing farming simulator 2015 and then it said error  and i reset my computer and it still didnt work. My brother has the same game and he has had no problems. But besides today the game is good.
76561198197966634,Recommended,313160,17014552,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,christyueen,the best game ever
76561198145116676,Recommended,313160,17019949,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DYNEXmidnight,this game is great it allows me to do things that people do in there normal life
,Recommended,313160,17020922,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tracer1371,"Great game Very enjoyable.  Multiplayer could use work the waiting for player to connect can be irritating on 16 player maps but it is still very enjoyable.  I would highly reccomed this game to friends and ones on the fence of buying,  Lots of helpfull mods on the Internet as well. 5 out of 5"
,Recommended,313160,17161823,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Woody213,Awesome game. Glad I picked this up. Cant wait for the controller. Love the mods and maps.
,Recommended,313160,16588938,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Apple29,this is the most realistic game i have ever played i mean if u have played farming simulator 2013 this is 10 times better the graphices the tractors everything is better
,Recommended,313160,16726168,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jwsoat14980,One of the best games ever
,Not Recommended,313160,16729990,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Titty biscuits,its a waste of time to play
,Recommended,313160,16664604,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Andrew! ツ,"i remember yogscast playing 2013, i was like... hmm this game seems funny and stupid. i went to walmart one day and saw the  game. i was noob, then i modded, modded and modded and became attached to the game, then FS15 came out, i bout it.. modded, and became attached, i live no where wheres theres farming because i live up north. this game is for everyone, i never knew how to farm and i learne, great game, :)"
76561198095364509,Recommended,313160,16671854,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,INTOxTHExVOID,farming is fun
,Recommended,313160,16699202,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kjærtu,If you have friends to play this game with them you guys can have much fun but its not funny when you are alone.
76561198088277082,Recommended,313160,16706649,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,andreas,grate 10/10 from me
76561198088821006,Recommended,313160,16726441,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,shaunny95,she thinks my tractors sexy!!
76561198090585322,Recommended,313160,17436958,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,HawksoarGames,Fun game.I am looking to play with someone!!
76561198129335577,Recommended,313160,16939579,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,palpwh,"nice game,  better then killing someone for for a change.  would be better if the makes of the  game put out more big maps that you can buy with all the mod in place, but still a good game. look foreword to the next  farming  simulator."
,Recommended,313160,16948229,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Warlord_Onx,Love this game
,Recommended,313160,17432249,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sitheris,This game is insanely addictive and relaxing.  I previously played the 2013 version and this version is very similar but has much better graphics and a few new activities to do in game. Definitely recommended!
76561198114559276,Recommended,313160,17435628,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,levesque87,A great game. I grew up on a farm my entire life. This is very close to real life. I have over 600 hours invested and a farm with 300 million. No cheat codes needed if you take your time and dont grow too fast.
,Recommended,313160,17386926,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,aureliussr,Awesome product!Did not like the fact that after spending so much effort selling wood chips is not as profitable as selling logs.Went ahead and changed price modifier in the map using the GIANTS sdk (included with the game).Would control the market again!11/10
,Recommended,313160,17390842,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mickey0007,love this game if you like simulation type games
,Recommended,313160,17346934,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DΞZ,You can cut Grass. 12/10 IGN
,Recommended,313160,19444714,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SeveredSoldier,Hell of a game!
76561198046906756,Recommended,313160,30456961,Posted: 11 March,all,drdroopy15,great game
76561198065956222,Recommended,313160,13023069,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,joelpetersen76,"Great game alot more going on in this game to the others well done, still some minor glitches"
,Recommended,313160,13176779,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gas Me.,"Awsome game, loved FS2013, but there is one problem....the tractors slide way to much"
,Recommended,313160,13482517,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bhaverly Hills Cop,"Really Quite Theraputic Game to Play, Graphics are amazing and the gameplay is really good, although room for improvement. :D"
76561198152505118,Recommended,313160,13487118,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Boogalooper,I likes me some chicken.
,Recommended,313160,13503657,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Prescott,Very much worth the money! This game is one of the best simulation games on the market. I suggest you pick it up during the Steam Winter Sale
,Recommended,313160,13474048,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,hakon,Quite the uprade from the previous one
76561198168482039,Recommended,313160,13476835,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,helge.sandsta,Great simulator! I and kids love this one.
76561198139904674,Recommended,313160,13478266,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,corjum,this game is totly worth it
76561198081671892,Recommended,313160,13529690,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AleyCo*,The best game I ever played.And i cant stop playing it.I play it only 3 days and i played 41hour.THE BEST GAME EVER.LOWED IT
76561198128416496,Recommended,313160,13512752,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TnT,best game ever
76561198077168542,Recommended,313160,13515297,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zerohaxxis,Great Game 10/10 I havn't been playing that much because i would rather mod maps than play haha...
76561198030809523,Recommended,313160,13338746,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,hiddenm00,"I would recommend this game, it's a good game... however some of the cons are trees everywhere, your tractors and harvestors are always getting stuck. Another downer is the lack of variety of vehicles. In all a good game but I hope they modify the game so we can cut down any of the trees other than the few they allow."
76561198000995812,Recommended,313160,13343166,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,JimmitheGinger,"Farm Sim 2015 is a quality built, realism based, intriguing experience for those of us without benefit of clue of what actually happens on a farm. There is a steep learning curve while becoming familiar with what equipment does what and how. Some of the physics are still a little rough, but overall worth the sale priced purchase. If you didnt grow up on a farm, I would recomend taking full advantage of all tutorials before starting a carreer. After you sandbox a bit in a solo carreer, get online and get involved with a server with other players in order to pick up advanced gameplay features. There is, as yet, no real wiki out  there (thats not in russian).  I definately recommend this game as a new and different challenge, and a chance to  learn some new things about real life farming too."
76561198141689741,Recommended,313160,13410922,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DarkPhoenix222,it is just way better then farming simualtor 2013
76561198060812707,Recommended,313160,13411790,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Tambo,Love it!
76561198119100543,Recommended,313160,13423853,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Srachko,"I miss some familiar vehicles/tools, but the option to mod this game leaves allways a gate open... Totally playable, and allways a good choice to waste another winter afternoon."
76561198002028022,Recommended,313160,13426698,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Uglyfugger,tree dragged my tractor into a pond 10 /10 would recommend
,Recommended,313160,13416389,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kemyt,"best game on the world, but multiplayer must be fix"
76561198071706027,Recommended,313160,16958793,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DAC073,"What's not to love?  You get to start your own farm and watch it grow!  This game reminds me of the old SimFarm in it's simplicity but there is plenty to do and explore.  I'd like it a whole lot better if there were different countries and a little better map but as it stands it's still good for 50+ hours of enjoyment.  If it's listed Under 30 bucks, buy it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198037001575,Recommended,313160,16915133,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Gammar51,"Pros. farms. animals, crop managment, lots of tractors, the jump buttion.Cons. Inablility to move cars by crashing into them, inablility to pick up cars with a front loader, in ability to dump said car into lake, inability to run over pedestrians with bulldozer, inability to own a cat or dog that can follow you around feed pet etc, Inability to have the new soviet republic invade your country leaving you no other option but to outfit your tractor with guns and or spikes and harvest some commies for your chosen country, In ability to walk into houses, IN ability to pay your divorce settlements to your ♥♥♥♥♥ ex wife, No post nuclear wasteland scenario, farmer is still not customizable, farmer cannot use a shotgun and blast any annoying salesman off his property, lack of selection for cars especially ones that can go from 0 to 60 in 3 seconds and also do drift turns, no ability to paint your farms, FARMER STILL LOOKS LIKE A LOST SOUL FROM THE 9th LEVEL OF HELL,American level is inferior to the scandinavian level wich is wrong the american map should be superior in every way. Pedestirans do not move out of the way of a rampaging tractor driving on the sidewalk giving hint that all the pedestrians are suicidal but have no way to die since the game is basicly pergetory with tractors. No police to respond to any chaos you fail to commit due to the engine being violence free. No guy in a black suit telling you that due to your sinful life you have been condemed to this place of tractors where you will do pointless labor for the rest of eternity and then forces you to drive a rusty 1800s tractor.All cons aside this game was pretty good for a purgetory simulator 100/10"
,Not Recommended,313160,16935906,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Cops Can't Read,"Game is fun, i put 20 hours in it over the first weekend.Game is also garbage because it then deleted my saves and when I looked it up its been a known problem forever and the devs havent addressed it. Now the game won't let me save anything so there is no point in starting it up. Thanks Farming Sim."
,Recommended,313160,16827258,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Southern_,The fact that New Holland is featured in Farm Sim 15 makes the game even better
,Recommended,313160,16828082,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[R.V]Michael1quad [YELLOW GIBUS],good game with friendsif making your onw server make sureto have a powerful pc and mods are eays ro get. agreaded bye the GOLDY GIBUS GODS
,Recommended,313160,17133480,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,jeremiah2132,"Basicly the only goal is to earn money, to buy things to earn you more money, to buy things that earn you even more money. No real goal or objective, and is extremely slow paced even with speed set to x120 (which I actually appreciate with it being a farming game), just mindless playing until you aquire end-game machinery at which point (in my opinion) will remove the only goal of the game. I havent reached that point yet however and I do fairly enjoy playing it so far."
,Recommended,313160,17140416,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,NZSLICK,"Definitley a great game for those that love sim games. With a little bit of practise ith some of the tools in this game, you will be a pro in no time. Great game"
76561198123349270,Recommended,313160,16885182,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,CWC,good
,Not Recommended,313160,15501241,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fox,"Graphics might be nice and fancy and the tree cutting might be something new and appealing, but don't let those trick you into buying the game.- The options menu is pathetic and useless.- Controls are weak (no mouse sensitivity and you litterally have to move your mouse a mile just to turn around)- many features missing to the game to the point of wondering why this game got such high reviews- no roll over help at all- no description for any of the items you can buy (3 chainsaws to choose from, but no description to say what's different about them... basically no logical reason for 3 to exist)- terrible GUI- still no vehicle damage or proper collision detection- physics are terrible as usual (trees are the only thing with good physics implemented)- no reason to earn money aside from greed again- I don't think there's any crop risks either, like insects or fongus or w/e to ruin them...- no flexibility in farming methods- etc, I discovered all this within 1 hour of gameplay.This game isn't better than FS 2013, in fact, I'm not even sure it's better than FS 2011. I personally don't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about quality of graphics, I just want a game that works and is enjoyable and actually feels like a farm simulator to which I could relate to. This game just feels like you have to farm in a linear manner, otherwise it'll take you forever to get anywhere in the game.I went straight to farming trees, since that's the new thing added. I bought a chainsaw, bought several attachments thinking one of them would fit the tractor, but nope... so I just went with a weight on the front so I could push the trees with it (need to move the trees around somehow since the tree based vehicles are crazy expensive). Went to a tree nearest to the pond where the logs go into, figured out how to cut one down, shaved off the branches, spent 1/2 hour pushing it around, trying to get it in the pond, finally got it in there, the branches take even longer. I just said ""to hell with this"" and drove into the pond and quit the game.How hard is it to include an attachment for the tractor so that the tractor could pick up the logs or push them around properly? Or, how about a rope to drag them around?This game feels as much of a simulator as Surgeon Simulator. It cannot be taken seriously.I've probably played most if not all the available farm simulators I could find out there... I still think ""The Farm 2010"" is the most enjoyable farm simulator out there (even though it's also a bit linear and limited). It's not at all similar to this game though. The most similar and far superior game to this one would still be the classic DOS game SimFarm.I would rate this game an average score. It's not great, but it's not terrible either. I do regret spending money on it though."
76561198027194329,Recommended,313160,17402646,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ryan,"Whether you know it or not, there is farming (aka grinding) in almost every game anymore. This game is all about that, and takes it to a fun place that can be advanced many times over. Farm for profits, use profits to upgrade, use upgrades to farm more, rinse & repeat. It's a great game and you have to try it to really understand how peacefully fun it is. The reviews and hours played of everyone told me all I needed to know to buy it, and I didn't go wrong."
76561198130843291,Recommended,313160,17685538,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,bro,can u guys fix it. it said error: cant load xml config file and more and moreFarming Simulator 15 is my favroite game
,Recommended,313160,17727408,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,KristjanIngi,I like this game very much and i dont se any thing i dislike and i do recomend this game
,Recommended,313160,17650696,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Aweskaze,"wish i saw more american products, but i will continue to waste my life in this repetitive uneventful game that is y new addiction"
76561198118353439,Recommended,313160,17800784,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,usmc169viper,love this game cant wait for farming sim 2016 to come out
76561198047611586,Recommended,313160,17841327,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Alucard,"The title may say dull and boring but when you get into it then you will understand the real pain, Non stop hours of playing, Having to have just a little more money or just a little bit better equipment. Many hours will and have been played before the whole world will become filled with corn and wheat........ Must plant....... Cows are hungry"
,Recommended,313160,17548422,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TSM,This game was recommended to me by a friend. Played it and I was addicted immediately! Really nice game.
76561198126481172,Recommended,313160,13963974,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jhon,this game really good
,Recommended,313160,17856263,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Redneck_Spartan4,my friend told me to buy this game. and i found out i like it a lot. its a great game.
76561198013428985,Recommended,313160,16569512,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dinobot,"who knew driving tractors around and plowing fields could be this fun?I joked about this game at first but then I saw it on sale, purchased, and found myself wasting away at my computer for hours"
76561198034378305,Recommended,313160,16571430,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MinXeN90 twitch.tv/minxen90,"it's really easy to get lost in the Farming world and sometimes it's just good to go away from reality for a couple of hours, i enjoy this game alot. 10/10"
76561198200022858,Recommended,313160,16574251,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,kcep,"i like this game personaly, i would recomend it"
76561197974247804,Recommended,313160,16561796,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dr. Destructo by Hazbro,"Never thought I'd be interested in a farming game, but I gotta say that this game is fun and addictive. There's a lot more to it than it appears because there's plenty to do and a variety of ways to do it.Everything from taking care of cows, sheep, and chickens to forestry. If that's not enough, there's also plenty of mods around to add even more depth and variety. I even got into modding and made a map a map for it as well. You can find it atfs-uk.comand it's called ""Hard Workin' 2"". find it herehttp://fs-uk.com/mods/view/36418/hard-workin-2It doesn't cost much and well worth your time to check into it"
76561198014874604,Recommended,313160,13548671,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RoadrunnerR74,with patch 1.3 the game at last seems to be working thats nice now i love the game
76561198045488650,Recommended,313160,13253126,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rockatansky,Nice game looks very good and play well.
76561198055978244,Recommended,313160,16862320,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,tomkristid1,best game ever
76561198200608990,Not Recommended,313160,16281867,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,colbylaster1997,i love the game but it wont let me back in i dont know why but its making me mad
76561198181066809,Recommended,313160,16283271,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Squating_adidas_722,Best Game Ever!!!
76561198100693361,Recommended,313160,16285306,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,toothbud,"If you're engaged by slow-burners and enjoy the time it takes to grow and build something huge from not very much, this could be the game for you. I've enjoyed building up cash, buying new equipment and making cash doing a variety of different tasks. Makes me want to get out in my yard - but I'll probably just sit here for a few more months lol."
,Recommended,313160,16285748,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[FCClan]The_Stranger,Good sim.  I have been playing since the first Farming Simulator (2009).  Every new one just gets better.  :)
,Recommended,313160,16288636,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,War Zone 238,"This game is awesome, I always wanted to simulate a farm."
76561198051718424,Recommended,313160,16334637,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,applelover,"Love the game, to really enjoy it a gamepad or joystick is a great suggestion"
76561198010390607,Recommended,313160,16357169,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Poison Rational,vary op i love it
76561198175489758,Recommended,313160,16359597,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TW Owl,"I Give this game a definite 5 star. This game keeps me busy when im bored and it's fun for me since I live on a farm myself. The modding community is what really makes this game even more fun. Im a big fan of CASEIH and CLAAS. So im really into those mods. I have, although, had some problems where it says my Shader Model 3.0 isnt working when Ik it is. my computer doubles the specs to run this game. But its easy to fix. Thanks Giants, For making this game."
76561197973193585,Recommended,313160,16360469,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Deathdal,"Great game plenty to do, keeps my grandson happy & yes i am enjoying in too ;)"
76561198021429647,Recommended,313160,16361106,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TopCat,great game a must buy
76561198007366388,Recommended,313160,16361498,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,shanoobergloob,the nastalgia and calmness of the game is perfect! so much to do! graphics and effects are awesome! maps are huge!  i love it
76561198061637639,Recommended,313160,16363460,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,S1iC3R,"Needs a DLC for John deere, other than that 10/10"
76561198110583585,Recommended,313160,18213759,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FeedBack,it is a great game
76561198001885211,Recommended,313160,18284405,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Timothy Whistlecheeks,I bought it and surprisingly it is quite fun when your playing with friends.
,Recommended,313160,18297130,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shadow,Well i have to say Farm Sim 15 was rough when it launched but now it is doing great Love the game!!!
,Recommended,313160,18289330,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Na Yeon,"highly recommended game, very realistic, enjoyable, and i think worth to pay, great job!"
,Recommended,313160,18291477,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,☩ mike0sully,definately a good way to pass away some time.. :)
76561198169286515,Recommended,313160,18272084,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Captain Potato,"Farming Simulator 15 is a some what addicting game because there is always something else that you can do or improve on. With mulitple aspects of farming that you can delve into, it's hard to exhaust the list of things you can do."
76561198110359964,Recommended,313160,18272614,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,tralphs1,I enjoyed this game until it stopped playing the way it should. I am happy yet not completely satisfied.
,Recommended,313160,18250761,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,CobaltCrusader56,"Fun for hobby farming, online with friends is extremely enjoyable"
76561198041900651,Recommended,313160,18259454,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,beastbubba,"The physics could be better and getting some mods is a must.But it is a really fun game, and there are some amazing mods out there..."
,Recommended,313160,18211315,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hawk Eye Gaming,Even though i got it on sale it would of still been worth it to get it at full price
76561198106865255,Not Recommended,313160,18059547,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,You tryin' Front,So the game works fine but not fully. When I load it up there is a pixel line across the screen and it fixes then I'm about to load up my save game and it goes complete pixel like minecraft and gets really bright. Someone help.
,Recommended,313160,18089006,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Scorpione,"If you like simulation games you have to give Farming Simulator 15 a try, very detailed game. I've learned everything I know about farming from this game. Lol"
,Recommended,313160,18089063,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Grazzhopper,very nice game!
76561198047230647,Recommended,313160,18339314,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jaleel619,This game has been theraputic for me. I can physically feel my mouse hand relaxing and letting go.
,Recommended,313160,18340264,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ZareX | Pvpro.com,+Grapichs are nice(if on high)Its a pretty fun but at the same times boring but thats sometimesThe steering for keyboard could be better but im using a mod so that is no problem for meIts it easy to cheat which i dont like cause i like hard mode and when you cheat you canr stopi would recommend this game who has a lot of spare time and to any casual player and who is looking for a nice game
76561198159202293,Recommended,313160,19091440,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Phillip_Fsx_Pilot,"Farming Sim 2015 is amazing. The detail of the farming and work is just great. If I could change one thing it would be the graphics. On the buildings and people they could improve. I also dont like the smallness of the map, I would like to see it bigger. But overall very good."
,Recommended,313160,14299465,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Slap Moto,"Very Great Game, Just Add more Tractors and Trailer Hitches And Cars and it will be Excellent for a farming game! :D"
,Recommended,313160,19101387,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,wildtommy1,the grachpics for me are so werid. its not like normal.vehicles are white the ground is white and the grass is white the ground is green
,Recommended,313160,19102386,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jogurtins pvpro.com,Better than previous!
,Recommended,313160,19075259,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Piroman996,But it still has some major bugs with trees and many more. Game is in some ways better than other parts but its that much worse than the other parts. But optimisation and gameplay are awesome.
,Recommended,313160,20363551,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Messy,Quite a fun simulator.  I was pleasantly suprised how many different activities there are to do in this world and also how each one is pretty detailed... Logging is definitely my favorite!  Check this game out! I wish it had some xp or skill selection built into it 9/10
,Not Recommended,313160,20278603,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ragehugs,DEDICATED SERVER REQUIRES ANOTHER COPY OF THE GAME TO BE PURCHASED.
,Recommended,313160,20322258,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rαpнιel Aιɴѕworтн,"For people with farming fettishes, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!1111Here are the list for pros and cons:-PROs----------The game is well builded(made)-The graphics is preety much the preetiest thing i ever seen-It Has alot of tractors to choose from(dlc not included)-You can cut trees :D-Cows is the best-theres a karcher(sorry if i spell it wrong) water sprayer-TOTALLY LEGIT 10/10-ayy i have no idea leftCONs:---------------to begin with,tractors+tractors=good luck-The trees are a troll since theres certain trees you cant cut-The driving is intense af-No handbrake(lol jk)-------------theres probably more PROs and CONs to write but im lazy to write and i have no idea........plz add rice"
76561198259629173,Recommended,313160,20376708,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,james.clay99,good multie player game
76561198090785263,Recommended,313160,20378902,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,(SWE) Jonathan,
76561198154706165,Recommended,313160,20384866,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ewayne00,the best framing game i've ever played
76561198027476224,Recommended,313160,20350345,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hatchero,A game not for everyone but does its job well.
,Recommended,313160,20371248,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,$wag eyes,Awesome game. Sweet graphics. Nice to play alone or multiplayer !
,Recommended,313160,20169737,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cronkster,Well worth..
76561198127514700,Recommended,313160,20153100,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MonsterPenguin,i keep getting a small screen and dont know how to make it bigger
,Recommended,313160,20153474,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SouthernPrideGamin,This game is worth every penny you pay for. The only thing I wish was different is there should be more realism added to the game.
76561198042874384,Recommended,313160,20145993,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LittleEgg,"Farming Simulator 15 is the best Simulator game i have ever played, with a large range of vehicles and tools. Its a great multiplayer game, i would recommend DaggerWin's Server, its very good. The DLC's for Farming Sim are very good so far i have all of them but the Gold Edition one but the ones I have are very good to play with."
,Recommended,313160,20076979,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,tkof1001,"Its one of those strangly adictive games, i played a lot on the 360 and i saw this in the sale so i just had to :)"
,Recommended,313160,20095268,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,coombsm1993,AWSOME GAME
,Recommended,313160,20075328,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tango,"Awesome game, if you enjoy anything mechanical I would recommend! :)10/10The mods you can get make it 11/10!"
,Recommended,313160,17649210,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[SWE]EXTREMA_Ola,"I strongly recommend this game if you like farming, good graphics and fun in general. There is alot and by that I mean ALOT of mods you can add to the game, and ofcourse there is dlc's too :P :D"
,Recommended,313160,20302745,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Unexpected Stag,Compared to 2013 this game is great the physics are a bit better but still funny. the best part is that now that the AI is a bit better you can leave them to do the farming and just go off and cut trees down and then spend ages with a joystick trying to pick up the tree and put it in a trailer before getting bored and using your mouse. the best part is that the save games are just as easy to mod so you can just give yourself money then go off buy a lot of stuff then mess about and stack trailers on top of each other using forklifts.
,Recommended,313160,20302850,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sonicrade,"I cut down a tree, it fell on my tractor, and my tractor fell over.11/10"
,Recommended,313160,20165768,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,minibricks,Why is this game so fun and enjoyable
,Recommended,313160,20164964,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mutant_Merino,"Addictive, relaxing, and fun but has a limited life without mods. Eventually all you have time for is hauling product to point of sale."
,Recommended,313160,17770652,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Farming Simulator '15, the latest instalment to the huge franchise.I was expecting more improovements gameplay-wise, but apparently it is too difficult to improove the physics and graphics. Albeit, it's great in its own way, offerring huge modding communities and offers a new perpspective on farming - Forestry."
76561198066942446,Recommended,313160,16744726,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Hero of war!,The new tractors make it more intresting!
,Recommended,313160,16748919,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Technical Coyote,LOVE IT!!!!!
76561198118576452,Recommended,313160,16749279,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jacknut666,so great ..
76561198082881985,Recommended,313160,16682035,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sledder10,"If youre on the fence about this game, ""JUST. DO IT."" -Shia Labeoufthis game is surprisingly fun and it has been made beautifully. Very clean and runs super smooth and ive never had any troubles or problems with it. the modding community is also great and Giant Softwares uploads their own mods with super easy installs on their website. overall an awesome game, just get it"
76561197970630580,Recommended,313160,16688722,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sinic,"Have to say it dose keep me up late at night.On wish list is : more crops, and maybe a better market."
76561198076344175,Recommended,313160,16691936,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SwatArcher,just went to play and my save game has been deleted :( dont know what happened. the game updated and i guess deleted it! still a wick game though haha. all the more reason to play it! did anyone else have games deleted from the update??
76561198066551835,Recommended,313160,16442993,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,bobby1154,been a big fan of farmming games this fs15 is the best oh and logging takes a lot of time
76561198005811840,Recommended,313160,16757184,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,chris.marlow4,"This is an extraordinary game, probably the most absorbing I have ever played. At heart it's a campaign game where you are building an agro business, deciding which new equipment to invest in, and the most efficient way of doing things.Of course you get to mess about with loads of cool tractors and stuff on the way!You'll need to invest in a gamepad, it's very frustrating with just the keyboard, and the only DLC that's useful in my opinion is the JCB addon. Mostly just for the forktruck.I know precious little about real farming, however speaking from a purely gameplay perspective I've only found two serious faults with the game - both of which can easily be fixed.1) The vehicle steering is way too sensitive, even with a gamepad it feels nowhere near right.2) The price you get for selling silage is at least twice what it should be, and this seriously unbalances the game. Producing silage requires only a modest capital investment, and compared to wheat, barley, etc. needs relatively little effort on the part of the player.Bizarrely, you can make ten times as much money turning a field of corn into silage, as you can harvesting the grain !!In summary then, an excellent, unique game which is well worth a try - don't be put off by its slightly nerdy image :-)"
76561198168669702,Recommended,313160,16652360,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Daan,"I have been playing various versions of farming sim since it came out. The 2015 version is by far the best as far as graphics is concerned. The ease of play is phenomenal, and the different things that you can do is limitless. If you are into sims, then this ir really to be recommended. The level of detail is amazing, for instance the washing that hangs outside during the day, but is removed at night.Also nice is the hundreds of DLC files that is available. This really makes your game unique in every sense of the way."
,Not Recommended,313160,13676983,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Snelly1998,the game crashed whenever i did something need bug fixes
76561198150103009,Recommended,313160,16658588,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jacob T6030 Old,amazing
,Recommended,313160,17875454,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Finch101pr,if theres ever a game youve rage quited and ticked off at and you still wanna play something this would be the game to recover and relax on and its hours of fun plus mods too you really cant go wrong.
,Recommended,313160,17905078,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MrXgamer1500,"This is coming from a farmer BTW.Bought it, thinking it was going to be dumb since it won't be close to real farming, and don't get me wrong it isn't. It would be a dream if you got paid right away dumping grain and equipment that doens't break down. AnywhoThought i would get bored.Found a field,Harvested it took forever but I did it,Made 3 trips with a small wagon box to sell it,Then put everything in a machine shed,Then looked at this field,and started chizzel plowing,And just like that I put 3 hours in thinking it was going to be a joke.If only farming was like farming simulator, lots of wrenches wouldn't have been throwing or equipment scraped...Ohh and a $150,000 loan debt is nothing."
76561198124546378,Recommended,313160,17923155,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fatmacaroni,ACEstounding...
76561198054575386,Recommended,313160,17922005,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lumpi1986,This...  game... ROCKS!!!!
,Recommended,313160,17922267,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ALWD3ANY,good
,Recommended,313160,16319686,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,LARRRRRYYYY,"Pretty neat game. Though for some reason, they didn't include spraying the crops."
76561198037905485,Not Recommended,313160,16278558,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,LimburgerPlays,i can chance my languages but it dont work in multiplayerHelp me
76561198136657562,Recommended,313160,16280483,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,digitalclock,great game love the challenge already have case quadtrack but not anything else thats good trick sell stuf buy steyr tractor and frontloader then log fork and chainsaw go to sawmill or whatever its called cut down trees there drop logs in water boom u get money really recommend
,Recommended,313160,16315812,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rez,"I Love this game, but i am a fan of All Simulator Games. To love Farming Simulator you have to like realism, bottom line"
76561198123433350,Recommended,313160,16365722,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Big Bear 1103,good game but some times the FPS drops and it could do with a different DLC
76561198027728858,Recommended,313160,16366970,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheGrogeMan,I have played FS since version 2009. Forestry is very good and needed add to this game. Game is also very easy to mod and there are plenty of mods. if you want to produce supplies to people and love to see your hard work on bank account. Want to tend your animals and get profit out of it and/or interested on forestry. Growing trees and cut them down for some green. I recommend this!!Respects to all farmers in the world!+Foresty+Ponsse and Sampo (because im finnish)+New game engine+Tracks+Machines (and they get dirty)+Modding+Multiplayer-Fuel consumption unrealistic (Fixed by mod)-Tree logs sometimes hard to handle-log lifters can only lift max 2 logs at the time-Front loader shovel handling wrong way around (compared to a real front loader)
76561198010369294,Recommended,313160,16367947,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nina,"fun game. bit of a grind sometimes, but fun to play. the modding community makes this game excelent, DO mod it. they encourage you to. and for good reasons. they can only get permissions to use so many tractors and so much gear. the fans make what the devs cant. and if mods become popular enough, the devs make an official version of that tool or feature"
,Recommended,313160,16368904,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nashers_4000,after about 70 hours up i still love this game
,Recommended,313160,16380283,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HG | KiKaZz Epic Bro ☭LC[M],having a fully loaded truck of logs then having a train slam into it so logs go flying all over the place and having the truck and trailer being stuck inside the tunnel. funniest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever
,Recommended,313160,15665292,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AxelS,Jätte bra spel! =)
76561197961669783,Recommended,313160,15549525,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JohnnyGaloshes,Very addicting game. If you get bored of the same machinery there are TONS of mods out there for free along with maps and such. You can even learn to edit the maps to your liking.
,Recommended,313160,15556080,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ashley,very good game addictive with playing within friends
,Recommended,313160,15594636,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lee A Lo Boyaaa ''),"Great Game For Farming People, Shame it keeps crashing"
,Recommended,313160,15466106,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Queen Bee,"I can only play this game 4 hours at a time every other day, It gets boring fast. It is still very entertaining. (I got yelled at by family members to stop laughing several times) I would suggest that workshop should be added. I would rate it 7/10 though."
76561198028608970,Recommended,313160,15469362,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,blue star,"Excellent game! I am by no means a farmer nor have I ever farmed in my life, but this game is instantly addicting! If another game is released in the series i'll definately be buying it!!"
76561198092964657,Recommended,313160,15455332,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Joshua baker the lumberjack,best game ever i am glad they put chainsaws in it
76561198069028965,Recommended,313160,15456633,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,xXGH05TXx,Hours of fun!
76561198026741611,Recommended,313160,13549580,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gcode6969,gets better and better every year good job giant
,Recommended,313160,13812541,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Precious,this game is amazing lol !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198047713165,Recommended,313160,13814087,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gurkan,u should try it if you like the farm life lel
76561197983120702,Recommended,313160,13814693,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Manco,"I am a PC Gamer reader and frankly, I think that the review given to this game by that magazine shows that the reviewer did not give a hoot about the game. It has become a commonality to give bad reviews to simulator games like this one. Granted, this is not GTA IV, but it doesn't need to be. If you like machinery, there is tons of very accurately rendered machinery, mainly european. If you like to work fields and you find it relaxing, like I do, then this is the game for you; there is also animal husbandry (for those of you who like teats, there are cows, but also sheep and chicken), forestry, manufacturing of biofuel, etc. The physics of the machinery seem accurate and some tinkering is required before lifting a pallet loaded with wool. There is even some excitement when you are able to buy a machine that you have been eyeing for some time and couldn't afford it, making your hard work rewarded. If the above does not bother you, go ahead and get it; if you like car races,♥♥♥♥♥♥and murder, Rockstar is next door."
76561198009926261,Recommended,313160,13926910,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MUD2,i like it
76561198160138016,Recommended,313160,13938953,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,andystud44,it wont load up help
76561198126293381,Recommended,313160,13952187,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,matthew.hardy1027,"Great game, bought it about three days ago and added about 23 hours of game play in a weekend. If you liked Farming Simulator 13, Farming Simulator 15 is a major upgrade. Really injoy being able to play online with my friends, which makes taking care of the farm a lot easier. GREAT GAME!!!! WORTH THE BUY!!!"
,Recommended,313160,13943408,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ecclesial Rabbit,Great way to simulate managing your own microeconomy.  There is also a train.
,Recommended,313160,13616640,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ChrisCkross,Is it bad that I have unlocked all the acheivements within 7 days of buying this?.... its stangely addicting.
76561198043222978,Recommended,313160,13728275,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sgttruebuck,made it much more realistic took away the fun thats about it still very fun
76561198120806462,Recommended,313160,13730564,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shiba Inu,I have had this game for maybe a week. It is a very easy game to learn and fun to play. When you first look at it it looks like there is nothing to it but trust me there is something to it. Infact there is a lot to it! When you get bored of just they stuff the game comes with there is a whole new world to this game. There is multiplayer and if that doesnt suit you and you like single player games there is another way to go. Mods! This game may be fairly new but there are actually a lot of mods out there. I do have a few complants the multiplayer can be a bit laggy even with only two people on it but I can over look that as long as its not TOO laggy. The other thing is there is no damage nothing happens when you run into someone or even a house. I've just gotten into this Farming Simulator series but from what I have seen so far I think the future is very bright for this game it is HIGHLY recommended by me.
76561198055760799,Recommended,313160,13731721,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,blksheeptrker80,greatest farming sim on the market. i realy like the advances they have made in the world interaction sadily some real setbacks and letdowns on the foresty side
,Recommended,313160,13770196,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VX,best game i ever had you can get alot of mods i highly recommend this game  there is a money cheat.
,Recommended,313160,13821358,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Antsu,It is nice game beacause i like it and i have my own farm to compare this game with
,Recommended,313160,13721483,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Marty,Pretty fun to play when there is nothing todo. Would best be played with friends for ♥♥♥♥♥ 'n' giggles.10/10 would farm again
76561198141305649,Recommended,313160,13722481,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pauldumitras12,This game is must have if you are a person that likes driving and doing more than one thing in agame. It involves all espects of farming and a little bit of logging. So yes this game you can do many things and all of them are real fun
,Recommended,313160,13724468,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skylabz0rz,"For those that enjoy working on projects, hiring mex.. er... workers, and tending your cows, this is the game for you!In all honesty, I am surrounded by farms, have a lot of farming friends and come from a farming family. If you're looking for 100% realism, you won't find it here. What you will find is a great game that allows you to work on a somewhat limited farm. The physics are something to be desired, but other than that, it's a great game.I enjoy the new logging features, as well as the muddy tractor features. Mutliplayer is laggy at the time of this review."
,Recommended,313160,13724551,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Brandon,"This game is amazing there is small work to be done to it, but great grafics and physics."
76561198145798814,Recommended,313160,13727264,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mustang_4871,I love this game. I have loved all the FS series... Only issue is I can not connect to any multiplayer games.. Says it can not establish connection... My father bought the CD version and his is fine. I have it though steam and I have tried EVERYTHING.
,Recommended,313160,13758704,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The_Cad,"I don’t really do reviews but this is probably the best Farming Simulator version yet.  The game mechanics are a lot better than the last version, you definitely have to use weights when pulling some equipment or you will notice it while driving.  The graphics and animations are a big improvement making this a more enjoyable game.  Like other Farming Simulators versions, you start off with a couple of fields, few pieces of equipment and little money.  It's up to you to grow and sale crops to increase you money to buy bigger and better equipment as well as more fields.I haven’t really done any multiplayer with other people yet, but the game seems to run a bit smoother than FS13 on the server I use. If you are like me and like downloading mods you really have to test them out on the server.  Some of them don’t work as well on the server as they do in single player.Overall I recommend this game for anyone who likes to dabble in farming or wants a nice game to help relax and grow some crops or tend to some animals.  In my opinion, I thinks it's worth the $30 but if you can't spend that much just wait till Steam puts it on sale and give it a try."
,Recommended,313160,15419313,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TheRuler,please put the patch 1.2.1 for cd users because my friend can't play with me i have patch 1.2.1 and he 1.2.0 I am on steamthe site doesn't hase the patch 1.2.1
,Recommended,313160,15421268,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Markusjw Gaming,Absouloutly Amazing
,Not Recommended,313160,15423332,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,platts wilson too hot,"Complete waste of money, hard controls to master and even less fun when all your other friends that have this decide its♥♥♥♥♥♥too"
,Recommended,313160,15405489,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,lom51,all of my hours and all of my yes
,Not Recommended,313160,16092570,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Seaden,Deffently a true farming game. Alot of the game is to be well a simulator to farming from the acc farming gear to the tasks u need to do. Can be more fun on multiplayer. If u like real farming then ull like this game otherwise stay away tbh
,Recommended,313160,16024195,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,~Lumberjack~,very nice and realistic. you can play this game for hours straight and still have fun.
76561197981832780,Recommended,313160,16119593,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,harm,love it XD
,Recommended,313160,16126257,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Skylane182,"For a person that sees farms on a daily bases... This is awesome! Like the previous versions it does lack a few things,1, Physics2, Plants wont get ruined when you drive over them3, Fields are a perfect square for some reason...4, Somewhat bad AI...5, loading and unloading is too fast6, Horns sound like an alarmFor now this is just a game, I've seen real operation on farms and it this ""Simulator"" doesn't come very close physics wise, But it's still really fun to play, I have Farming sim 13 Titanium the only reason i bought this version is the new features such as logging and it actually simulates your tractors getting dirty :D Like i said, It's not a simulator, It's a game, If they wan't it to be a simulator they need to go to a real farm and see how everything works and try to replicate it with sounds and physics, Hopefully Farming simulator 2018 will have that :)"
,Recommended,313160,16035357,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,GRIM,awesome game
76561198197142695,Recommended,313160,16018234,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,JewUsh,love it
,Recommended,313160,15808598,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,cornelius3158,Very Relaxing too play when i'm sitting back watching tv. very realistic with the right mods installed. Gottadrive using my Logitech G27 and Logetch Extreme 3D Pro.
76561198182950463,Recommended,313160,15812354,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,codylewis579,its good but the lag needs fixed
,Recommended,313160,15816284,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jackneal1 [ENG],"I absolutely love this game playing multi-player with a bunch of friends on this game with tons of mods installed, i doubt there is anything better than that.i only had one problem though, which is that it willl not work corectly with my g27 which would really help me play this game.Otherwise i recommend you ppurchase this game and go and enjoy yourself."
76561198172614381,Recommended,313160,15816506,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bsnakas,i cant get on it anymore it wont load for me please fix the bug or help whatever you feel is right to do
76561198141826600,Recommended,313160,15855885,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Britain guy,Great game on ur own or with friends cut down trees to cuttting fields with ur new combine or tractor find it very realistic the only thing your mite a top end computer to run it
76561198106308284,Recommended,313160,16115758,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ntfd77,Love this game. I can spend hours playing and not notice it is midnight.
76561198007469733,Recommended,313160,16227678,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,THE DADDY,good game
,Recommended,313160,16229316,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheDuke,"Fun game , more fun if playing multiplayer or a streamer"
,Not Recommended,313160,16233211,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Danklin da Turtle,"Now, I only put about 1 hour into this game before asking steam for a refund, which they gave me.For a $30 game, this feels rather incomplete. No music, Monotonous engine noises, a lackluster tutorial system, etc.I would buy this game again if it were on sale for 75% off or more, if it stays in this current state. Otherwise, I can't recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,313160,16248669,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Southern Tank,An enjoyable game for 2 or 3 hurs with a group of farmers...better if you have a jousting tourney
76561198206781876,Recommended,313160,17607485,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,mrminecraft 2,awesomly fun came with a lot of equipment
76561198055323188,Recommended,313160,17611401,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,PROFILER,Nice game ! :D
76561197970810197,Recommended,313160,17615894,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,unKaGeD,"The tractors are amazing when you hire people you lose money but if you keep working you get more money and the farming equpment is strong and tree aqupment is super easy and never ever drive into a lake still the graphics are amazing and its really easy there 4 steps of making hay 1,plow 2,get the seed planter 3, let it grow 4, cut it."
76561198170157417,Recommended,313160,17616564,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,tinamitch93,I recommend this game because I like fram STUFF!!!
,Recommended,313160,17620811,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,WinningPrism817,GREAT GAME
76561198063672130,Recommended,313160,17565074,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Michael MacDonell,"M0addeningly addictive - Beautifully relaxingOn the days when the PTSD gets too much, and I'm all antsy, an hour on this is the best thing I can do. The problem I have is that I never spend an hour on this. It's usually six, eight, ten hours - or until Management calls me the third time for dinner!The simple, yet pleasingly realistic, landscapes and machines are just right. The physics (will never be perfect) are close enough that it's a joy to get stuck in, even on the fiddliest tasks. There is enough variety to get you into just about any Rural Land Management role. although I'd love to see Giants do a start for the Lumberjack.The Modding Community deserve a big mention, as they are almost entirely awesome. Given the collosal number of mods out there, it's understandable that there will be the odd damp squib (I'm lookin' at you, Dolniya map!). Yes there are a couple of Piratey sites (Tomasz - sort it out!) but if you stick with someone like American Eagles or FS-UK you won't got too wrong. There are some individualls like Chris 7710 and Fet3D who turn out rare, unique and amazing maps.If you think farming games are all point and click Facebook stuff, or over-the-top technobaffle, give this some love - it will love you right back!"
76561198088397828,Recommended,313160,12846271,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,pjalbrecht,ye ha  major good
76561198034152666,Recommended,313160,16970071,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,danar,"I love this game.  Even better than any previous version.  The graphics are awesome and so is the layout.  I've been playing this off and on since it came out and I love the game.One cool idea for a cool farming game would be to start off from scratch.  Starting the game with like $200,000 and you pick where you start and with on little tractor and go from there.  It would also be nice to have a few other choice of crops to plant, such as onions, beans, and so forth."
,Recommended,313160,16926964,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Freddy the Baguetterino,WE ARE FARMERS BOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOM BOMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6C6IfjsO7yA
76561198084011790,Recommended,313160,16982930,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PsychoKilla_Mk2,"stressful day? want to chill? ages between 10 to 100? want to know how farming works, even just a little?this game is for you! its pretty fun as well."
76561198203136436,Recommended,313160,16848696,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Daniel Corton,"This game is Superb. The graphics the physics and all of the equiptment, Farming Simulator 15 is a very good game. The DLC's that are currently out are also amazing! However you do need a very good computer to keep up with the extactic graphics inside of the game. There are plenty of Mods of which I use many. Once you play it for the first time you will be addicted."
,Recommended,313160,16502043,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sonito123 CSGOJOE.COM,good farming game the best out there
,Recommended,313160,18557332,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Alicutioner,This game is incredibly well done. Hours of enjoyment.
76561198019902452,Recommended,313160,18606893,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rusty Spoons,Cool game
,Recommended,313160,18354454,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,JaCoOoOoS,"This game is awesome. It's very addictive and made me think i'm cryptofarmer or something. Game has interesting economy model which is its main force. Crop's prices changes dependent on amounts of wheat you sell to the market. It forces player to sow different types of crops. There are also timed special demands wchich allows you to sell your crops at double price. You shouldn't have to much equipment at the begining because the maintenance of machines, building, ground, living stock cost you specific amount of money everyday. Hiring workers (bots) to do the most boring job is great solution and prolongs the time of having fun but their work costs money (which is good). Manipluating the flow of time is very usefull tool, especially when you have nothing to do but to wait for crops to grow.But it has also some negatives. The most annoying of all is the traffic AI (or no AI). They travel at 30 kph no matter what they do which forces you to overtake them constantly. They stop centimeters from the obstacle which often blocked my workers when they were trying to make turn at the end of the field. It's good idea to block the road with some old trailers or something. They enforce turn priority just like as i wasn't there which causes frequent accidents.  They are concrete, solid objects and hitting them is harder than hitting a bunker wall. I can hit them by truck with 60 tons of cargo at 90 kph which causes my truck to do bizzare things and doesn't affect them any way. When they hit me at crossroad once (i had the priority as the car was turning left and i was going straight), my truck flew dozen meters aside and the car which hit me was like: ""nah, i don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. Is there any possibility to turn off the traffic?When my workers works in the field at night i barely can see them as when they use lights they doesn't illuminate anything, the same goes with the traffic, it's quite easy to hit other cars at night, especially when using outside camera.Edited: I forgot to mention that breeding of cows, chickens and sheeps is very complex and i was impressed how many aspects of that were put into game."
76561198124164080,Recommended,313160,18599713,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Saarlane,very good game
,Recommended,313160,18602735,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Doggy,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
76561198073851258,Recommended,313160,18600078,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Maine farmer,awesome and very addictive..
,Recommended,313160,18600375,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Travokk,I cant understand why we pay $30.00 for this game and then need to spend another $15.00 on the expansion(http://store.steampowered.com/app/374851?snr=1_41_4__42). Everything should have been available in the base game. These developers need to spend less time trying to grab money and more time designing the game.
,Recommended,313160,18594203,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Iorek Byrnison,"The first time I tried this kind of simulator was by Amazon Underground, which have Farming Simulator 2014 for ""free"" and guess what? It caught me for real.I don't know that much about farming games, but this is relaxing, kind of challenging at the beginning, but I love it!I recommend it to those who like this kind of games and for those who like me, was looking for something ""out of my standard type of games""."
,Recommended,313160,18595235,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lewb,"awesome game, suprisingly fun especially with friends, very in depth and realistic steering, would like to see collision as well as police force and time spent in jail if you run over pedestrians, as well as damage to tractors and equiptment, so it costs money to repair."
76561198059704423,Recommended,313160,18714636,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Farmermiller,Good SP/MP still bit laggy.A real time killer.  I would recommend if you like farming!
76561198238490836,Recommended,313160,18753197,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SirPoochy,Very good game. Me and my friends play this game. have loads of fun.
76561198051329833,Recommended,313160,18752475,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,superzz,I  LOVE  IT
76561198083269196,Recommended,313160,18751515,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shock team,when is the Farming Simulator 15 Gold Edition comeing out for the pc it had 10-29-2015
76561198088677919,Recommended,313160,18756643,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,taulbee08,Great game!!!
,Recommended,313160,18756884,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dannywaugh1,Great fun game. Very addictive can be played serious for realism or more for fun. Plenty mods to make it your own
76561198205607772,Recommended,313160,18739247,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[SWEGZ] Masonjwright123,Beast game I say it worth 11/6 stars
76561198210943223,Recommended,313160,18739352,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,14sailsj,THIS IS A GREAT SIMULATION GAME TO PLAY
76561198082793565,Recommended,313160,18754406,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mike,Loads of fun. have spent many hours mindlessly planting and harvesting crops as well as feeding cows. sounds boring but it is actiually quite fun if you like simulator games.
76561198016844317,Recommended,313160,18742090,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Photonmoon,"Best farmingsim on the market with a very good moding community, highly recommended!"
76561198202953394,Recommended,313160,18733570,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,davidd02,vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv good!!!:) play it all the time!
76561198032336252,Recommended,313160,18349486,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Highover,"LOVE THIS GAME, GIVE IIT ALL YOUR MONEYZ"
,Recommended,313160,18345211,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Wingman774,"So, yes. I can understand if you play this game without mods it might getting a little boring, but with mods this game is great! I play this game a lot because of the graphics and physics,"
,Recommended,313160,18418106,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,NoMoCrazyCow,"I love this game. I have had it on Xbox ever sense it came out and I can't get over the fact that it is so fun. I have made my farm a huge on both maps so I have a huge dairy farm, I just can't stop playing it so I recommend buying this because it is worht your money."
,Recommended,313160,18460105,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Onyour6,"This game should by all rights be boring ... it is anything but. I have really only scratched the edge of the iceburg and am having a lot of fun doing so. With that said, I believe that there should be more incentive for playing choosing slower game play options such as increasing the crop yield for example"
76561198246931768,Recommended,313160,18305576,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ranwolf1956,"I find Farming Simulator 15 one of the best simulators to have. I grew up on a farm and FS15 is as close to having your very own farm. The animals look real and the sounds are breath taking. If you stand in your farm, close your eyes and listen, what you hear is what I heard on the real farm. Use headphones and you are there! The gaming is beyond awesome. From planting your seeds to harvesting them, and all the other work you do, you will find the hours pass so fast. This is one game that is very hard to stop playing. If only they would have added pigs with the other animals. But you do have cows, chickens and sheep. I give Farming Simulator 15 5 out of 5 stars. A must have!"
,Recommended,313160,18372685,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,《♧☆✪Rubeck✪☆♧》,<3
76561197976090242,Recommended,313160,18406625,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Diciple,"Great bit of escapism with a truly realistic feel, even better if you can work fields and lumber with a buddy."
,Recommended,313160,18266418,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheMostRandom,"Good good.8/10Positive:Modding community is great :)The feeling of knowing the map and you think to yourself ""Good morning, I know you, I know that dog..etc."" Its very realistic. Its liek your in the game, in the tracter doing your own thing, just like a farmer!It works on mac! Definetley a pluss, I can play it when Im not home with my computer :)Another great company, dont know much about them like scs but they done a good job. Game playable 100%Negative:A huge amount to learn and the turtorial is too short, for the new new beginners, it does not bring up all the aspects of the game, just the simple. I myself dont know mcuh yet but still enjoyable!Again not much to say, if your a farmer, dont recommend but if your a lad or laddy who wants to be a farmer..go for it..or those who just want 2 see how the farming life is...Buy it now :)"
76561198020703575,Recommended,313160,18292472,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,mb,"Beautiful in the tractor department, but a bit light in the simulation department. It's a fairly simple game on the surface, but  good fun (if you consider spending hours and hours planting and harvesting good fun).A word of warning: controller support is abysmal, especially when you try to hook up multiple controllers. And if you want to get any sort of functionality out of loaders, telehandlers, or forestry equipment (especially forestry equipment), you'll need a steering wheel and two joysticks. Fortunately, there's a huge support community where you can go to commiserate and get help. On the bright side, modding isn't too bad, even if the mod hosting sites are horribly disorganized, and there are a number of mods to improve the functionality of the game (Drive Control and Courseplay are MUST HAVE mods if you're going to be playing this game for more than a couple of hours in your life)."
,Not Recommended,313160,16085038,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Vadimch,Fun game but the problems with xml file error needs to be fixed.
76561198079463900,Recommended,313160,18885270,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ghostchips,i like this game but i think it needs more meshens with farming and forstry like diggers and that you can enter the house and costmise it with that sovels and that you can do pipeps and dig dirt with MORE TRUCKS
76561198079438580,Recommended,313160,18644856,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pilot_16,This game is fun to paly if you are tired of all your cod teams being filled with nothing but plebs and you feel like you are going to through you xbox or other system out of the window. It is a nice relaxing game that gets a little addictive after a wile. 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,313160,18634448,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BoringPeople13,"I got this game mainly because I wanted something differemt, no killing, no real rush, just something to kill time, and boy did I find it. A LOT of reviews on this are people that bought it and played for like 5 min and quit because they were bored, and I get that, the tutorial in this game does not help in the slightest! I had to google and learn about all the machines but now that I understand it, I have a lot of fun playing it. Well maybe not a lot but it certainly kills time.It has some bugs like your tractor when taking a sharp turn with the cultivator will sometimes glitch to hell and you will go flying! Or your ""hired help"" ends up getting caught in every tree imagineable.I have 28 hours currently and it is October 23rd 2015.I haven't even played with mods etc, I hear it adds a lot more, I may try and get some more maps but until then I am just fine with what I have going on.If you are patient and if you find yourself interested in this game by just looking at the pictures, get it. That is what I did and I project I will easily have 50+ hours before the new year."
76561198164601832,Recommended,313160,18623333,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fat Shibe,"I'll try to keep this short review as informative as possible.(🌟) Pros:🌟 Every action you do is visually satisfying, as a result, FS 15 can get pretty addicting as it is relaxing.🌟 Tutorials cover up a lot of things new players have to learn.🌟 Nighttime is reallistically dark.🌟 You can hire workers to do stuff you can't at the moment.🌟 Lots of awsum downloadable mods out there.🌟 Takes up little space on your hard drive, yet maintains beautiful graphics and smooth framerate.(-) Cons:- Needs more liveliness (Ex. more traffic and more people walking)- Daytime isn't realistically bright.- You and your hired workers look all the same.My Suggestions:+ Add a pig farm, for pigs to be raised and sold. (Mmm bacon.)+ Allow the player to change his outfit via the PDA. (It seems the protagonist doesn't take a bath)+ Add relaxing BGMs during gameplay. (I hafto play music on the Windows Media Player instead)+ There should be an icon to be able gather all Chicken eggs at once.+ Rain should make your crops grow slightly faster, while hail would slightly slow their growth.Overall:The game is already awesome, and it only takes a few more simple improvements to further immerse the player into the ""Living in the game"".Keep on developing great games! (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง"
76561198030892015,Recommended,313160,18656664,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Zamargan,"The Good:-Managing farms take time but it is very enjoyable.-A lot of tools to use.-Extreme modding.The Bad:-After a lot of hours on game it becomes repetitive.If you enjoy earning and managing money in a game, you must buy it.Do not go overboard with those easy money maker tools. Using them is kind of cheating."
76561198041277717,Recommended,313160,18826458,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,WhosWeaponized,f
76561198091441622,Recommended,313160,18799959,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,asian,this game is a calm and soothing game that lets you experance farming first hand
76561198218200371,Recommended,313160,18774485,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,xSTFUx HaTeRz,i honestly thought this game wasnt going to be great but i got hooked really fast
76561197993344440,Recommended,313160,18880509,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Scofflaw,"Should have done my homework before buying the Gold addon. Guess i'll have to take the heat on that one. Just moved so I've been out of touch with everything. We can no longer change the draw distance because the DLC is an encrypted file. Are you frigging kidding me. This is 2015 not 2005. We have video cards that can render vegetation allot farther out than 20 ft. At least give the option in game. I can't even play it because it looks so bad compared to having the draw distance cranked way out. Then having to see all the shadow popping on top of it. Who made this decision at GIANT. You have an awesome product, why cripple it with such a short draw distance."
,Recommended,313160,18921282,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Boothy920Q,Great Game
76561198119645066,Recommended,313160,18895571,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,vehiclelover2015,I love how this game is an open world shooter and just the physics and realism of it but I would like to see quads to get around the map faster and make it a little easier to get em$ so you could actually get liscenses and stuff.
76561198205373823,Recommended,313160,18893205,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HeavyHovis16,amazing game best game in my library the now go giants
76561198114484344,Recommended,313160,18893738,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,IT'S HΛM,best game ever
,Recommended,313160,19083678,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mr Pancakes | Exaless24,good game i would buy next farming sim 101% sure 11/10
76561198153273903,Recommended,313160,19016444,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,joshread4,the best procrastination aid of the 21st century
76561198241291506,Recommended,313160,18947435,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,HoldenG8,great game
76561197977112663,Recommended,313160,15478773,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Elduderino7256,It's addicting like crack. But not as bad for you.
,Recommended,313160,14955175,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SoulsOmega,"First off. If your new to the Farming Simulator series then you will have a little trouble getting started, but once you do it's a lot of fun. In the begging it'll take awhile to earn the money to buy better equipment. There are a few bugs especially in the foresty section, but then again that's a new system added. Overall Farming Simulator is a lot of fun! I would totally recommend it to someone who is into simulators!"
,Recommended,313160,15544967,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cmusic52,"Great Game, its still got some bugs but its still a LOT better than 2013 and much better out of the box so you don't need as many mods"
76561198097286878,Recommended,313160,15546531,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Farmboy,I have played this game since the first Farming simulator came out i recommend this game to everybody intersted in farming one reason is that i farm in real life and on a rainy day this takes time up fun time this game is the best cant wait for the next one.20/10
,Recommended,313160,15547354,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TylzSomeone,"If you are looking for a fun game that will pass a lot of time, this is it. Although some of the tasks are slightly mundane, keep in mind this is a simulator game in which you are trying to grow and manage a farmstead.You are able to purchase bigger and better equipment to include harvesting various crops such as barely and wheat, corn and eventually even trees! If you are interested in working with animals, you can dive in to the cattle, sheep, and chicken side of the game as well which I haven't really looked into.Farming single player, to be honest, is not a whole lot of fun. If you buy the game and you are trying it out by yourself, give multiplayer a try with some friends you already have or make some new ones! Some people in the multiplayer will be rude and ruin your farm if they can get away with it, but most players are looking for a good farm to call home and help out farm owners! My server has run very well and I have enjoyed the company of new friends in this game.Much better than farmville by the way!!!"
76561198027274590,Recommended,313160,15599171,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Foju,"This game is not for everyone, i downloaded this game because of the hype, while i admit that it's pretty realistic, i played the game for around 20 minutes, and decided it's not the game for me and i got real bored just in 20 minutes of the game, but i would recommend this game for those who truly love realistic simulator games.i will try to play more and see how it goes, but really, it's quite boring for those who do not truly like sim games"
76561198108917131,Recommended,313160,15600494,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Death,If you ask me this the best game of all time why: its very relaxing and im tired of games beaing all about killing things and geting weaopons
76561198085518566,Recommended,313160,15594112,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,bjornson.jason,"This game is fun but I think that the game misses a lot of points about farming. You dont just toodle in a tractor all day long. The tractors handle okay,  better than 13 but can still be improved. I would like to see more crop conditions such as disease weeds etc where you have to apply chemicals. Right now you plant and reap perfect crops everytime. Altogether with those points included I give the game a solid C+."
76561198153707924,Recommended,313160,15759944,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ThunderMS34,Good Game highly recommended provdided computer can run it
76561198111467944,Recommended,313160,15763035,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BigBadBen46,Best game
76561197982443012,Recommended,313160,15757641,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Caldwell,"Awesome game, just wish the interface was kept the same from FS 2013..  Takes a while to get used to since I had over 250 hours in FS 2013.  Anyway, that is a minor issue and you get over it eventually.  Aside from that, the game is awesome.  Now I can only hope that the developers reach out to make a Construction Simulator because the ones that made Construction Simulator 2015 obviously can't develop a proper simulation game.  FS 2015 is the ultimate simulation game for modding.  Excited to see what else comes down the road."
76561198166864805,Not Recommended,313160,15747238,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,th3_b3st_guy,it keeps delating my save game randomly and i can even have a savegame for 3 days
76561198035579677,Recommended,313160,15747906,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,A Pipe-Smoking Rabbit,"This game will entertain you in such a simple way, it's quite special. Would highly recommend if you like to sit back and have a chill time on a rewarding game."
,Recommended,313160,15772034,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,I'M GAY :),"Buy, wery wery good :)"
76561198219652980,Not Recommended,313160,15773001,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,MOE,app not running
76561197992096648,Recommended,313160,15629294,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RedneckPops,i really like this game it is worth the money if you like to add mods this game lets you with out any hassels to make it better
,Recommended,313160,15629693,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,^4Clutch06,i cat it to start it just says preparing and nothing happens help!!!!!BUT when its works i love it.
76561198193797641,Recommended,313160,15633058,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,rainfords,good game
76561198083770524,Recommended,313160,23687563,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,kreuz,wery good gmae
,Recommended,313160,23863208,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alabamo,It's good but it feels I am the only person who owns this game. Never found anyone on multiplayer... :(
,Recommended,313160,23862345,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[G0W3] Tw!gg,BEST GAME IVE PLAYED FROM GIANTS YET! :)
76561198303583606,Recommended,313160,23872086,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SethPlayZ,Awesome
,Recommended,313160,23625073,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GamerGirlsMD_Sanne,"Now, I wasn't expecting much when I bought this game. I'd seen some people play it on Twitch, and decided I'd try it for myself.It's much more fun than it might seem at first glance. Yes, the planting and harvesting of crops can sometimes be tedious (although I personally mostly hate the ploughing) but it's so much fun to watch the crops grow and to be able to harvest your home-grown fresh goodies when you're done - and to get cash for them! The profit you make allows you to expand your farm and gain access to new crops, animals, trees and machines.The atmosphere of the game is very relaxed and laid-back. Don't feel like working your behind off? No problem! There's no timers counting down, no annoying notifications...it's just you and your crops. (Or animals, or trees).My only issue with this game is that some actions take FOREVER to complete...but then again: sowing an entire field takes ages in real life too, so this simulator may be closer to reality than others. ;)Overall: great laid-back casual game. It's not the best game on the planet, but certainly worth your money and time. Trust me."
,Recommended,313160,23615889,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JointHorse,"What an odd game. Just like Euro Truck Simulator, there's exactly one thing to do in this game, and that's it. And it doesn't take that long to see everything the game has to offer. But still, I bought this game the moment it came out, and have more hours in it than I care to admit. But ultimately, you'll burn out and never touch it again. But until that happens, you'll get your moneys worth in this odd simulator."
76561198013302306,Recommended,313160,23642909,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Uldarak,"Like you can see, i dont play to much of this game i just go every day through 5 pages finding old mods and new mods and i always read the news in the official page... Lets be reallistic, this is not a game for everyone you are not going to go around with your M4 making chaos everywhere, this game is actually to have a peacefull moment, everybody on my family was a farmer once, we are not farmers anymore but i actually like this of watching how life can grow from where you step and the people who made this game are geniuses, they made a truly simulator, it is not perfect but you can make it very reallistic with the mods. All i have to say is thanks to the people who made this and thanks to the players who love this game so much that they made tons of mods every day. The community is growing and for the new players if you are not sure if you should play this, there is a lot of videos that will show you how to play and how the game looks like. I recommend this 100% sorry for the bad grammar"
76561198084416564,Recommended,313160,23700352,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Explosive Diarrhea,"Great game if you like to farm, not farmville style, but driving tractors and equipment.  I would say its mostly a driving game, and a lot of people who play it know a little bit about real farming.  The stock units are modelled after real world equipment, names and brands included.  There are a lot of mods too, and they mostly stick to this convention, real world equipment, using the actual names and specifications.  Overall I would say its pretty fun, I have 95.1 hours as of this writing, and i just got it a week ago, so you figure it out."
,Recommended,313160,22745311,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Herogus3xD,I like this game! very funny to see in a life of a farmer. and they have more realisitc people in the game. its rly cool this game ! 9/10! buy it if you love farming sims!
76561198155367658,Recommended,313160,23599925,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,j.tofts,Good
76561197973149646,Recommended,313160,16317396,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,garyp156,"This is one of the most addicting, fun games I ever played.  I've got maybe 200 hours into this series counting version 2013.So now it's June of 2016 and I'm still playing off and on.  When I want a relaxing afternoon, I farm some more and buy more farm toys.  Trouble is it turns into an afternoon till midnight. :)"
,Recommended,313160,23595860,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Portal2Gamer,it is fun
,Recommended,313160,23601842,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DigimonRoy [NL] [DEAG],"I'm pretty new to this game, but I like the mechanics of the game. If you're really into farming, then this game is for you. You have a variety of mods in the community, that will make the gameplay so much more better. You can also play online using multiplayer, which is also super fun to do if you have a lot of friends. You can team up with a lot of people to make the farming more fun en less time consuming, so get this game today!"
76561198086057196,Recommended,313160,23604186,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gabesbane,"this game is amazing at first I bought farming simulator 13 for xbox, I hated it. The controls were terrible and overall the game was bad, then I came across a video of farming simulator 15, I saw it and it looked much more fun than 13. I decided what the heck and tried it. At first I was like this is boring like the other. then I realized there was a vehicle that was called the scorpion, basically a felebuncher, I sold all my equipment, took the biggest bamk loan possible. It helped with the money problem so bad. I recommened you do the same as the only 2 complains I have are... unless you have forestry equipment, You have nothing to do but watch your crops grow. and how hard it is to start off with money."
,Recommended,313160,20500474,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,phantomlvr,"I barely recommend this game. I have played this game for about 50 hours since I bought in the sale. I am happy I bought it. It is exactly the non-thinking grind that I need right now. It is not without its frustrations.My main issue with the game is not game play or the physics. There are a host of basic realism changes that could make the game more interesting but that's not its current design. My biggest issue with this game is the lazy development approach that is best evidenced in the equipment store. Items only have less than the most basic of descriptions. Most descriptions are just generic ones used for almost all items in the same category. In some instances that does not even make sense because the item is not the same. I say ""less than the most basic"" because in many cases key functional information about the device is missing. Information such as whether a tractor has a high or low tow attachment, the type of crop a header works on (Pottinger Mex 5 only works on corn), whether the hay baler makes round or square bales, the list is endless. This becomes frustrating when you grind for 2 or 3 real-life hours and then spend money on something that doesn't work and there is no way ingame (and often even out of game) that you could know. It has has happened so often that I save my game before any big purchase so I can relaunch if necessary. It seems like the devs liked working on the cool stuff and forget about the documentation.In terms of being ""the most realistic farming simulator"" I guess there is no competition. The game makes no attempt to be a crop management simulation. Crops grow in roughly a game day, give or take. If you plant it, it will grow. Rain or hail. You will get a 100% yield from every crop you plant.The game makes no attempt to be a management sim. There is no itemisation of your finances. All your crop sales show as a single total so if you wanted to know whether it was more effective to farm corn or wheat, you're out of luck. Want to know which field is more profitable? Nope. Want to see how much money you spent on fertilizer, seed and fuel? Nope.Farming Simulator 2015 is not a tractor driving simulator either. Its driving physics are arcade level. Drive a fully laden tractor-trailer combo over a cliff and you will land with no damage and no loss of product. The trailer won't even unhitch!So if your definition of ""realistic simulation"" game is models of real world farm implements then Farming Simlator 2015 lives up to its advertising.If you are looking for a mindless, carthartic grind with some nice visuals to pass the hours this is a great game. It is exactly why I have enjoyed it. If you want something a bit more substantial Farming Simulator 2015 is not it."
,Recommended,313160,23766471,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TAP | Anjew,"This game might seem not fun the first time you look at it in the store. Or on Youtube. But believe me. It can become fun and addicting. I use to watch it on Youtube. And thought ""This wouldn't be the game for me"" So later when I thought of buying it. I thought it would be a waste of my money. 6 months later. During the Steam Sale, I had 20$ and it was 12.49$ My brother bought it 2 weeks before, and I thought ""why not try?"" 5 hours later in the game. I have fell in love with it. And it is now one of my favorite game that I own. My one thing that I have to say is, The only bad thing is. If I look that the ground behind the tractor as I am doing work. The ground is laggy. And it makes me feel very dizzy. It just started doing it to me. But I am happy as along as i don't look at it."
76561198312292917,Recommended,313160,23760210,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,bunglebear83,This game is crazily good I loose entire hours with out realising and the endless MOD's make that much better I would recommend it to anyone. It was this game that drove me to get a PC to game on after playing it on Xbox One
,Recommended,313160,23741374,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The52Ford,Really a great game.
,Recommended,313160,23738363,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Genba Kantoku 現場監督,Chemical fertilizer consumes the earth.This game consumes your life.DO NOT INSTALL THIS OR JOIN MY WAY
,Recommended,313160,23740255,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,M3CE,Best game.+1+1+1
76561197973560424,Recommended,313160,15675515,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Skenzer,"Very addicting and loads of fun. Nice updates from version 2013 as well. Don't let the ""haters"" tell you differently either, it's well worth the purchase. GIANTS did a nice job updating the game with many added features and equipment. Gameplay is very similar to earlier version so your learning curve is vasically null if you have played the game previously.This game has me hooked, big time."
,Recommended,313160,15690445,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,fordster90,Very good game with a solid base and good starting core with many different avenues that the player can choose to go down e.g. forestry or animals. Overall a very good game with a large community that is often willing to help and many mods to add to the gamming experiance.
76561198195698359,Recommended,313160,15789150,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mosel 20 Fuder100Querer,ola amigos o meu farming comprado na stem nao instala sequer alguem me explica o que pode ser o meu windows e o 8 e tenho o PC topgama da toshibaquem puder que me ajude :(
,Recommended,313160,15790580,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,wadec8m,fantastic game.  supper easy to mod with all kinds of things you can add. must have
76561197988450447,Recommended,313160,15792908,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,woodsmithe77,Lots of fun. makes you wonder why farmers are always whinning...LOL
76561198116430067,Recommended,313160,14719880,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,frosty45764,"The game is great, they really improved the bale and pallet handling. I dont like the driving, I was drifting a tractor, that shouldnt be possible. They are too heavy. they need more realistic driving."
76561198211999284,Recommended,313160,14700454,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,epicmangamingFTW,yes i do recommend it for pc i bought it on my laptop and the grapics are green and white so get it for your desktop computer/gaming computer as it will run it faster and have the grapics!
76561198102381032,Recommended,313160,14704592,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Eastboundndown,"This game is the best. Just get it. But at about 250 mods, a 4gb computer starts to crap out. :D"
,Recommended,313160,14441356,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,darkrider688,This game is awesome. Very addictive and if you are on the fence buy it.
76561198063570798,Recommended,313160,14460500,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,Love it..
,Recommended,313160,14430950,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Take Me To Gunch,Simulated farming is true zen. 10/10 would farm again
,Recommended,313160,14432658,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Sgt-CodyX,"My best friend got me into this game. At first I was like I don’t care for that game but I was a little interested in the game because of its good reviews and how big the game apparently is. After getting this game and playing a good while, I am very pleased with this purchase. There is so much to do and oh having a friend to help is always a huge plus in this game! This game is one of those that if played without cheating, it is practically unbeatable. The graphics and gameplay are good. There is no story so you can do what you wish. It is a very time consuming strategic game. I really recommend this game!"
76561198164533509,Recommended,313160,14446756,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,josh.finklestein15,My game closes constantly. Ive reinstaled it 4 times and it contiunes. I dont know why but it is starting to get annoying and it is difficult to contact steam about the issue. Every time I try to do so they send me to Farming Simulators web site. My nephew has the game and my roomate has it too and they have very little issue with it. Anyone else have this problem?
76561198030751248,Recommended,313160,14446996,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pacati,"I'm a city boy who doesn't know how to manage a flower pot, let alone a farm.  So I can't say how accurate this game is as a simulator.But I'm pretty sure the only significant flaw to this game is it's too much fun.  If running a farm was this much fun, they wouldn't pay people to do it.  I'm finally starting to burn out on the game, just a bit, and as of this writing I have close to 200 hours on record.  My meter is a dollar an hour.  If I play more than I spent, I got my money's worth.  Think I bought this for $40, so I cleaned up on Farming Simulator 2015.Of course I never did play around with forestry or sheep shearing... I guess my work is not done!"
76561198144283075,Recommended,313160,14448395,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dovakine99,i love
76561198045793603,Recommended,313160,14573319,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[BAW] Tomohawk,Much better than the last one. more to do and easier interface.
,Recommended,313160,14636255,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Суиндон,im wondering how u download mods now cuz i cant see the mod button
76561198159536453,Recommended,313160,14638553,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dog,Like GTA without guns.
,Recommended,313160,14318920,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TheRealECG,HECK YA
,Recommended,313160,12850397,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lukewarm Fajitas,"This game is AWESOME! Beats FS2013 by a longshot. This one has great graphics as well as great gameplay. Also cool new tractors, and tree harvesting! Best agriculture simulator game I've played."
,Recommended,313160,12851152,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Protagoras,"I mean, it's a game in which you pretend to run a farm. I was always one of those dudes that looked at Farm/Train simulator games with a furrowed brow, but I get it now. The game is not particularly difficult or beautifully designed, but it does exactly what it sets out to do. The game is enjoyable because it doesn't need to be more than a peaceful, simple and addicting simulator. If you ever played with farm toys when you were little, enjoyed playing with a sand garden, or appreciate the Zen in a wide range and enjoyable list of simple activities, this game delivers."
,Recommended,313160,12872135,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,idgaf,I really dont know why I bought this game in the first place but it really didnt let me down.If your looking for a great time waster this is the only way to go
,Recommended,313160,12879165,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,forevertwowheels,"With a new physics and graphics engine I couldn't ask more from this game, Woodcutting is a great way to make money, the farming is spot on and i've found very few glitches with the game, My only complaint is that when my tractor hits a car going 30mph it hits the car like a brick wall, traffic often gets in the way of my workers making it a little frustrating. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of farming or just the LS series in general"
,Recommended,313160,12879295,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jack,Really fun and realistic! Some Cranes are hard and it can get a bit boring after a while. But It's worth it.
76561198105809144,Recommended,313160,12762964,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,HCRonald,"After some issues with not willing to start up(had to update my NVidea drivers), the damn game is a drug to me! Been playing morse farm sim than other games. Good job Giant Software!"
76561198049565150,Recommended,313160,12880610,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Advantage115,"I like the new scenes, equipment and so on.  The only thing that I am not thrilled with is, ""you can not control the power its either full throtle or at work.  Unless you press ""W"" all the time.  The other thing is - tried to add Conveyor for ""wood chips"" but could not find ""WestBridge Hills"" - other than that - it is great."
,Recommended,313160,12882158,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ZannRed,"Very Zen, Good game, Lots of fun.  I highly recomend it!"
,Recommended,313160,12883661,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dr.SavageHenry,Seriously a good game. No joke
76561198074127868,Recommended,313160,12855644,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TheYamato,good game i just got it and its very easy to play no lag and i dont have a gaming computer.
76561198145746742,Recommended,313160,12857023,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,grcc.livestock,awsome
,Recommended,313160,12833542,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Blaž Habinc,best game ever =)
,Recommended,313160,12833963,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Archades,Great game to pass the time. Mods really make it excel.
76561198161254514,Recommended,313160,12836447,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,21greg,Hello Felow Players Of steam  this game is amazing in many ways you can do so many things. and dont get me started on the GRAPHICS
,Recommended,313160,12836834,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,mmmBetty,It's pretty good.
76561198025610862,Recommended,313160,12836844,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kzcriminal,"i played farming simulator 2011 was very good, 2013 was a disapointment to me, but 2015 is really really good, the best one so far, even tho there are some bugs that need fixing. recommend this game for sure."
76561198079866219,Recommended,313160,12837308,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Aaron Carlson,Add me if you guys want to do some multiplayer! This game is really fun and graphics are really nice compared to the 2013 version. And I play on the highest settings possible.
,Recommended,313160,12837465,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Wolfkiller546,i like the new physics and grphics
76561198081236323,Recommended,313160,12907768,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Slimjim phantom,Your back will hurt like you are actually farming. get this game if you hate going outside but always wanted to live a dangerous lifestyle.10/10
,Recommended,313160,12804003,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hayaku,"<b> Farming simulator Simulator 2015 is the sequel to Farming simulator 13 which was a huge success and one of the most revolutionary Simulator games for a long time. Now the 2015 version here, but Giants Software done as well this time? </ B>It's been two years it is time for a new Farming simulator Games. Farming simulator 15 has for me been the most realistic and serious simulator this year. Last time was very limited opportunities and it was not very inspiring to play either, but it seems I really have been improved greatly. A very large example is the forestry industry. Forest Industry has never been in any previous games of Farming simulator series so it's pretty new, but I still think it could have been viewed over one more time. The controllers for both chainsaw and loaders are simply dreadful. I spent a long time trying to figure out how I at all would use it and Farming simulator 15 is not a game where you will spend a lot of time figuring out how to control all the machines. Some are of course listed, but the most important I had to sit and experiment with.One of the most annoying is when to place the logs on the wagon because then it is just possible to place the very edge where the greatest risk of falling off. To be able to place all the logs on the entire vehicle must have at least three different taps, and it makes it even more trælete. It happens too often that it shows up bugs and glitches, and the very worst thing that occurs is that the game turns off after sawing down a tree or that the game is reset every few minutes. Fortunately it does not happen often, but it's still not good. But to go a little more towards the positive side of the forest industry as it is a brilliant way to make money and it is very entertaining when everything works. For me this is something I can run with for hours, and it is much more inspiring than as grain to harvest it again. It is certainly something that is helping to set up the shelf life considerably.Graphics is a topic that is really needed to address. This game has some of the most realistic appearance than any other simulator games I've witnessed. Good looks are important when it comes to games Farming simulator because it's the experience that counts and not the event itself. The game also has some very cool effects and animations that really gives an idea of what you are really doing. You no longer have the empty feeling of just sitting there watching something suddenly just disappear. Everything that happens will be shown with clear animations such as when to chop trees. Unfortunately, one does not experience as much as they really should have had experience with these effects because the game has a lot bugs.<b> Online and Korn: </ b>Farming simulator Simulator 2015 has a line function, but it's not exactly very much to boast of. Normally there is a lot of chopping, and usually it's because of the net despite the fact that the other person playing is pretty close. But even if the network is much to govern here so it is still very reduced with access and opportunities to play, and it's not exactly very fun. One can for example arrange animals, assignment or administration of workers and it is not as fun when you do not have the opportunities. It is also much harder to make money.Cereals and harvesting is perhaps what is most unspoilt in this game. Much as before and it is not as entertaining as it could have been, in addition to that there are only two workers who can work simultaneously and not three. What has changed is that you have much larger fields to do your work instead of many small and you have many more types of grain that you can harvest and get money off.<b> Basis of grade:This game got a 6.5/ 10 because:+ The game has a wide range of vehicles and accessories. It's fun to hunt for trophies (achievements) in the game because they contain creative tasks. Entertained with a logger creates high durability. Very realistic graphics and great sound EFEKTA-The Game contains a lot of bugs. There is little money to be made. Poor informing and trælete controls. Not much use for animals any more. And complex camera.Graphics: 10/10Durability: 7/10Camera: 6/10Sound: 8/10Gameplay: 7/10Controls: 6/10Online: 5/10Difficulty3/10The game keeps its age and is suitable for all the ages.</ b>"
76561198040984279,Recommended,313160,12697672,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Omnimous,"Dirty Equipment that I can clean with a pressure washer I can buy from the store? Tree Farming?! Holy %$& am I sold! It all the things that you loved about Farming Simulator 2013 in a better, cleaner engine that will walk you through the basics to get started. Well done and a great price!"
76561198078896106,Recommended,313160,12698148,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[LV-TEAM] Papus,Very good game
,Recommended,313160,12698585,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PhantomPhoenix,"Don't know why people are complaining to be honest. It's a Farming Simulator, of course it's going to be the same as the previous versions. It just has more stuff, and this version is more relative to what equipment we have in the world today.It looks to me like this is going to be a great game, the graphics are good...finally, and I like the fact we've got some brands that are well known. It seems to me that people are picking up on things that they already knew.Also, I've read things about a black screen and it crashing. When I loaded mine I thought it had crashed, but since most games take a while to load the first time round, I decided on a little thing called patience and before I knew it, the game had loaded and I was playing.My system isn't all that exciting, the way some are talking it sounds like they have the best pcs going,I'm running AMD Quad-core, 8GB RAM and a (I'd say below average) AMD HD graphics card.Anyway, I'll let you decide.As I've already said, I think this game looks great and has the potential to be amazing, can't wait for a few mods and updates to be released.I'm going to get back to playing it and starting my career mode, I can't wait to have a go at the woodcutting.Those fields aren't going to sow and harvest themselves! Happy farming everyone!"
76561198096316574,Recommended,313160,12698617,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BrunoIsHere,Great game to play single but better with friends! :)
,Recommended,313160,12698777,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TheRailfan,"If you have never played Farming Simulator before, this is the best one out there. If you have played before, this is by far the best one released by giants to date. A lot has changed, including better exhaust, better particle systems for grain and straw, more vehicles, including a semi tractor and pickup truck, and overall better graphics to all vehicles and game elements. Giants has added some physics to the game, although not as much as the More Realistic Engine from FS2013. This is definitly a good use of $30 if you like simulators, but if you are not sure you would like it, there is a demo on the farming simulator website."
,Recommended,313160,12698815,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,「Sly Fox」 ッ,"The change from 11 to 13 were minor, from 13 to 15 is huge! Everything has weight and u cant use huge equipment on small tractors etc etcHavent been able to play much yet but so far no sight of any particular bugs (Y)If u enjoyed the previous installments even a little bit u will enjoy this :D"
76561198085508701,Recommended,313160,12699206,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,rodent14,great game good fun !!! Recommended
76561198053885366,Recommended,313160,12699909,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jamezy123,"Amazing game, some great improvments here, really liking the graphic improvments and liking the new maps, the gameplay seems smooth and better multiplayer experience to, 100% improved from FS13 in many wways also really enjoying the forestry. i would 100% recommend this game to anyone who has liked all the previous FS games 10/10 for me :)"
76561197997120397,Recommended,313160,12700059,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Carfreak,Have played for about an hour. Great improvement over fs13.
76561198066409034,Recommended,313160,12700319,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,✔️ Father Dougal 2.0,This game is the best farming sim game of all time and i would recommend this game to everyone it is that good.
76561198042397201,Recommended,313160,12700350,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Aidz,You can actually feel your life wasting away as you play this game.Amazing. 10/10 recommend.
,Recommended,313160,12700714,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,FarmerJack93,GOTY 10/10
,Recommended,313160,12700775,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jag,AWESOME GAME! well worth the wait! runs smooth looks amazing. the cranes and such take a little getting used to the only thing im not fond of is how slow you go to plant trees other than that A+ game havnt found any problems as of yet
,Recommended,313160,12700933,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Vejtheguy,"Had a problem getting the game to open but I fixed it. Here is a video to fix it -->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4MI4WTGYO4&feature=youtu.be&aOpen up files, find folder 'My Games', open 'Farming Simulator 2015' file, open 'game' file in notepad, change fullscreen 'true' to fullscreen 'false', save file and open game."
,Recommended,313160,12701381,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Nazerothxx,"I recommend this game to anyone who has played FS2013 and loved it because it brings alot of that back to 15 buts adds more details like Tire tracks, Improved exhaust smoke, washable equipment, and lets not forget intergrated logging.  I could go on about how awesome this game is so far but why bother right if you liked the previous games this is a must have you won't regret it :)"
76561198059852867,Recommended,313160,12701580,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The_Bearded_Man U_M_G™,got to harvest some wheat..... would harvest again.9000/10but all seariousness.....i fricking love this game.... i know i havent played it that much.... but thats because i dont have the time to right now.... aslo... once i get enough money..... the real fun is going to be cutting trees down xD
,Recommended,313160,12701642,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sgt. Pedersen,Nice after it got an new Engine
76561198087438991,Recommended,313160,12730756,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Rutger,nice game
76561198085897311,Recommended,313160,12733040,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nathaniel_5.0,over all i like it i have noticed a few things. 1. the bale wrapper says that it dosent support the round bale what is up with that. i live in the U.S. and the bucket controles for tipping the bucket are backwords its just weird. What happened to all the tractors the massive planter. I am very happy about the big plow. logging is glitcy. Every thing else is amazing
76561198059389523,Recommended,313160,12733430,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,FooTuchMun,Very happy.
,Recommended,313160,12737636,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RustyDagger,"Poor quality compared to the Other Titles, Texture fighting and Rapant bugs with missions Tractors driving like they are on ice and many lacking power coming to a screaming halt on a small hill.All in all a good game if you dont mind getting frustrated from time to time."
76561198103370823,Recommended,313160,12730271,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,countryguy2001,only thing is dislike about the game is the lack on variety on machinary...surly theyll add more but we'll probably have to pay for it...other then that this is the best game ive ever played....love the phyisc engine
,Recommended,313160,18830360,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PrestonRidesYT,best farming sim yet
,Recommended,313160,18863026,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Audibög,good game kuk 8====D
76561198064886403,Recommended,313160,18858865,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,NPTheBeast,the game never asked for ym cd code that steam gave me is this an issue?
76561197998634255,Recommended,313160,18922698,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,adup,Great Farming game. Should buy it
,Recommended,313160,18922736,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TH3CrazyCanadian,"Great Game, I love it"
76561198257206529,Recommended,313160,18798739,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,GamesBond,"The first time I saw this game being played, was from a couple friends who ""farm"" everynight on Xbox. At first I thought it would be pretty boring and repetitive to play all the time as I am more of an RPG gamer myself, however it turned out to be quite the opposite. FS15 is an extremely involved game with a wide variety of options available to you. Everything from farming crops, to tending to your animals and mixing feed is avaiable to you to do in the game. On top of managing your farm physically, you have to manage it financially as well. Taking loans from banks, paying for feed and gas for your vehicles as well as daily maintenence costs are all different things that you will have to manage while playing this game. With countless hours of posibilities and different maps to give you a different experience, you will definately get your moneys worth out of FS15. For people who have little to no knowledge of farming (which included myself before this), I would definately recommend going through the tutorials so that everything is a little easier to understand. Unlike most simulators, FS15 is fairly easy to grasp and can entertain you for much longer than a typical simulator game. I would definately reccomend this to others to try for themselves AS LONG as you enjoy simulators. Because overall, it is esentially a simulator and not any sort of game that will keep you up all night, unless you have (or develop) a passion for creating your own farm!"
76561198076007688,Recommended,313160,18731538,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DJ wildman,"really good game, best one on the market"
,Recommended,313160,26279025,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,gggames221,Very good game lots of ways to make money from animlas to silage and forestryonly downside is it a bit slow at the very start on multiplayer
,Recommended,313160,25702107,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MaChuzle Gaming,THIS GAME IS AWESOME! but needs to make the Sycncing data thing faster though
76561198281523687,Recommended,313160,25726663,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,johnkelly6595,good game i like it having funny harvsting crops cutting down tress and ever thing it worther the money cant whaite untille farming simualoter 17 comes out next monthe and seeing how thay inproverd the game and all the new add ones
76561198201732015,Recommended,313160,25898962,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,☆ FRUTI ☆,good game bad fs17 is not great nice is this if we what player have fs15 can change to fs17 game and ot buy agean fs17 ;)
,Recommended,313160,25892189,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,C0bra_M3nace,All the fun of farming with none of the debt and responsibility.10/10 would farm wheat again.
,Recommended,313160,25894095,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Appear,"Good fun, for some time atleast. Gets somewhat boring and the gravity reflection is bad(Tree's and wheelloader mostly).Hope 17 is more fun."
76561198112282624,Recommended,313160,25837014,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hydracor,"First off, if you love farming obviously this game is for you. The farming simulator line of games (2011-13) have always suffered badly from janky physics taking effect on your vehicles and although there is a a wealth of mods to help reduce the effect there is still a 'milk float like' drivability to the in game machinery. However one thing this game does do very well, is animation, all of the vehicle models are expertly crafted, all the parts on the equipment works much like their real world counterparts.Maybe you want to farm animals, you can do that, maybe you want to grow and harvest crops, you can do that too, there is even a substantial forestry element to this game. Don't let my playing hours fool you, I've played over 300 hours on one save unfortunately steam dosent record offline hours. I've played enough to stay interested for 400+ hours overall. Then when I got bored I would go and download mods from the wealth of online modding sites like lsmods and such. Currently I have 4,278 folders in my 'mods' folder. I've checked through each one, deleted all the sub-par ones and kept all of the high quality of useful ones.If you are like me then you will love to play 'single' brand games where you develop a farm using only 1 brand of equipment, the mods help greatly with this as the cheapest CaseIH tractor is the 200Bhp puma and as a small farm tractor it is not ideal for starting out. When you start playing you may not understand everything, I discovered just 2 weeks ago that I had missed and entire part of the game which was creating silage with bales and hay turners, (I know stupid right) I have also only just started using manure spreaders and slurry tankers and that's with over 400 hours of game play time.When you start up your first game you will think the goal is to have all the best machinery, lots of animals and a thriving forestry industry but realistically this will not be an opportunity available to you until you are very late into the game (e.g. 150 hrs+) so I recommend focusing on supportin one industry for the first section while you gain profit then make a move into other industries when you have the coin to buy decent equipment. Trust me I made the mistake before of trying to build up with every industry however you will find it very difficult to support all the machinery required while still turning s profit unless you play on easy of course!Overall very solid game, more recommended for when you have long periods of time free to develop your farm gradually."
76561198084556054,Recommended,313160,26232847,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,A Brute Killer,Way more fun than you could imagine!
76561198205446392,Recommended,313160,26239697,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,dolphin6509,this is a great game but it takes a lot of time to do and you need a lot of tutoreals so you can play but i do like it
76561198176043818,Recommended,313160,26250206,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FinnishGamer908,"Great, relaxing good , but you can make it even better with mods"
76561198170441513,Recommended,313160,26273484,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GTX27,gg
,Recommended,313160,26201248,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,PieterTeamJP,"This game is pretty good! its not hard to handle for your pc, and it plays very smooth!"
,Recommended,313160,26257128,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Krosby,Sweet!
,Recommended,313160,26148382,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RyzenThunder,"Awesome GamePros:Open World.I like how you can choose what you want to do like growing crops, animals or forestry. You are not limited to one.Graphics are decent.I like the game but i can't think of any more pros on the top of my head.Cons:Almost none. There are a few things that annoy me like you have to scoop the silage with a tractor but there are many mods out there to fix those little things.Workers are not that smart.Would I recommend it?NoI love this game so much and it is awesome. But with FS 17 coming out in a few days I would recommend for you to go with it. if you want this game then you can go for it still. its just that it does not have as many features as FS 17"
,Recommended,313160,26137456,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,GliderGaming,Great game mod community is huge its even fun with the stock stuff like most games arnt that fun or they get repetaditve with the stock stuff after a while but this is diffrent this doesnt get old with stock as fast as other games do
76561198153168510,Recommended,313160,26137569,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,badduck495,The game is very fun to play and i have played all the farming sim's up till now and there is aways somthing new for me to do.
76561198154009423,Recommended,313160,26080345,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CamBit,"Very Fun and time consuming I haven't played it much on this computer, but on my last pc I had over 1000 hours on this and it was the funnest game I have played in a long time. I definetly will purchase Farming Simulator 2017."
76561197984641592,Recommended,313160,26123245,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,]| Ls3R |[,"I find this game very relaxing, just look at my hours, i'm relaxing a lot...Thanks to the excellent modding community there are 1000's of mods, machines, maps availableshould (or when) you got bored with the vanilla ones  ----> endless playability7.8/10 IGN too much relaxing...."
76561198094904678,Recommended,313160,26118890,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Pinacolada,"I'd spend more time harvesting crops, but I've had to join woodcutters anonymous.  10/10"
,Recommended,313160,26156346,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Falcon-256,Fun game easy to mod and have fun with had a very fun experience:)
,Not Recommended,313160,27277111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jcxiii,Camera movement made me nauseous.
,Recommended,313160,27082353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[16th] Takeout,The glitches are amazing... enough said!
,Recommended,313160,27114586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♛Andrew♛ skinhub.com,is super cool game
,Recommended,313160,24233305,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ChfEng,I sold all of my property in city and moved to a village to be a farmer. Totally worth it!!
76561198059600504,Recommended,313160,27229280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,species.7,"If you want to game to relax,this is the game for it.As in real life the tasks are repetitive but the rewards are great.With an enormous amount of in game  vehicles and implements  doing those tasks is fun and at times challenging.This game has a huge modding community with a fresh supply of new maps and gear all the time for almost endless replay.The game is very polished but can still be somewhat demanding on graphics.The Farm Sim series gets better and more popular with each new release and for good reason.I would reccomend this game to anyone ,interested in farming or not."
,Recommended,313160,27242758,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4243DudeIsJaden,FARMING!
76561198115506830,Recommended,313160,27408244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠ Edward ✠ csgosell.com,i love this game <3
76561198033576696,Recommended,313160,27292005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prim,Its time consuming! LOVE IT!
,Recommended,313160,26972835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmy Russel,"I could never work on an actual farm because I don't like working long hours, but this game really scratches my itch to cut down trees with expensive machinery. The physics of objects isn't great so things go rolling and sliding around a lot which gets pretty annoying but it's forgivable."
76561198007401997,Recommended,313160,27030843,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cajun,adddicvtive
76561198110165993,Recommended,313160,27015478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Naughty111111,Why does this game exist?Why did I buy this game?Why do I keep playing this game?0/10Help me please.
,Recommended,313160,27021153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rebo Roadie,"Great sim spent many hours, and so many mods and downloads... nice ;-)"
,Recommended,313160,27001529,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theotherdan,"Farm Sim 15 is not much more than 13, but adds a good amount of stability and some new items."
76561198287687108,Recommended,313160,27028304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ckurzak,i love this game i wish icould get17 for free
76561198168815095,Recommended,313160,26416456,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,King Leo,Very good game i have 770h in game.. 10/10
76561197972069247,Recommended,313160,26752407,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,KJÆÆKS,After playing this game I bought a farm. :D
,Recommended,313160,26114009,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mike_j0l,Very nice game! I have put a lot of free time in to it. Nice game to take your mind of things and drive around pulling a plow with a semi truck.
,Recommended,313160,21693203,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Inventer2101,This game is a awsome simulater i have played  258 hours of it and it is still very fun
,Recommended,313160,26720303,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,wickedsickcheesebroooo,love this game. There is so many different mods for it out there
,Recommended,313160,26789478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jura,"Definently buy it, I know you will not regret"
76561197986242592,Recommended,313160,26983960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Relavare]Feoder,"Love this game, been hooked on the Farming simulators for a while now."
76561198021645595,Recommended,313160,17972509,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[FURHQ] Ryanny Dragonwolf,I loved farming simulator 2013 and i love farming simulator 15 alot more so much to do in the game and a easyer interface makes the game alot better to play.
,Recommended,313160,27084182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MajorMallard,I would recommend this game if you are into framing or just want to have a laugh with your friends.
76561198215872701,Recommended,313160,27047302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,myk3yt,Super chill just pop it on and relax
,Recommended,313160,26107644,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lumpy Brewster,"Great game!  The base game has hours of entertainment available plus add mods, this game can be played for a long time before you get bored.  10/10 would recommend!"
76561198120634725,Recommended,313160,26512243,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,cademcilvaine,i dont know what happaned but i didn't play the game for a while then i tried to play to it a few days ago and i couldn't attach anything to a tractor
76561198142621675,Recommended,313160,26491348,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,otoe10,Very fun game if you are into relastic simlators. The only thing I would suggest would there be a steam worskshop.
76561198127515952,Recommended,313160,18551960,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,✯Bennjio,Good game
76561198271914450,Recommended,313160,26493254,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Emily,This game is very fun to play and very relaxing (if you know what you're doing)
,Recommended,313160,26865432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,★PanagiotisXL★,one of the best farming games!!!
,Recommended,313160,26853006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Solvardinn,Very Zen.
,Recommended,313160,26563850,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr.Theoryz,Fun Game That Passes Time
,Recommended,313160,26701035,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,systeM,"Awesome game for relaxing , and playing with friends ,  it relly deserve the money"
,Recommended,313160,26895655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"™ dEnSo. #Huh, What? .",Still a very nice game ! .. :D
,Recommended,313160,25834289,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,carl,"This is a REALLY good, nice looking game. The games laid back, easy , style is what hooked me and why I still play, while the game is quite laid back, it is still quite a challenge to pick up on all the controls and what not, but is perfect for the times where you just want to switch on your computer and kill 300+ hours. :)"
76561198045112384,Recommended,313160,25829860,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,jham,"fun little game my hours speak for themself and i have 100+ hours on the xbox platform before pc, if things start getting a little boring you can always download mods from the farm sim web site or seed crop circles or wangs into your fields XD"
76561198070735789,Recommended,313160,25595732,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Nuknuk,"If your one of those weird people like me that likes simulator/management games then you will love farming sim. Manage your farm, buy land plow sow harvest, drive big tracters and harvestors, chop down trees manage live stock."
76561198300131436,Recommended,313160,25441650,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,casper0080,played for 32 hrs now and love it I have been playing at least a hour a night.  few things I wish I could figure out or get fixed.  Hiring a worker with a longer plow then little one they cant use it. They leave parts of field unplowed.  So where im trying to cut fields for silage or cutting another field and you have to go behind them and fix field so kinda feel like waste of money if my employee can do job right. Also having a problem figuring out animals yet but have been learning or watching youtube videos on it.  bought American truck sim and found this and its a great game.  Also havent found or figured out mods heard you can run mods with this game but havent figured out where to get or how to install have just been running the stock game no mods yet.
76561198287982483,Recommended,313160,25522762,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,suzannemason30,this is a amasing game
76561197988770217,Recommended,313160,25543892,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,longshot393,fun game. wood cutting is a bit iffy
,Recommended,313160,15116180,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Package,Surprisingly addicting..  i dont know why i love this game other than its relaxing and enjoyable ..
,Recommended,313160,15145967,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,djbigmac9,i've got 99 problems but ... farming ain't one!10/10
,Recommended,313160,15169726,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TheLonlyGuy,If you are into agriculture this is a must a have game!! 10/8
,Recommended,313160,15131280,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,M. Krieger,"I...I... I can't even.On a more serious note, there is a lot this cam could improve on for the future generations. I strongly believe that it will turn into the best simulator out there. For me, it's up there. It has been on my Wishlist for a few months now. I got it on sale. All I can say, it's worth every single penny.This game is exactly as the title says: A farmkeeping simulation. Nothing more, nothing less. But that's exactly what makes it so fun.The choice in terms of maps is lackluster. Only two maps, to begin with. But it has a somewhat big modding community to make up for it.The multiplayer feature is fun and well implemeneted. Its exactly what it needs to be."
76561198087221031,Recommended,313160,15131744,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gameover_14,"Saw this on sale recently, and having been an avid flight simmer, thought i'd give it a shot.In something like 4-5 days I've put in 25 hours of play. Never could have imagined being addicted to a game so badly. HIGHLY RECOMMEND, just look at the screenshots! You get a pressure washer to wash your equipment for god sakes!! All I can ask to the developers of the game is... Get some better pickup trucks. Toyota Hilux, Ford Ranger, Nissan Navara, Mitsubishi L200, Great Wall Steed etc... Not particuarly knowledgable of US trucks, but I'm sure there's a million others that the licenses could be obtained for. Not an issue whatsoever though.Get this game."
76561198042446246,Recommended,313160,15133000,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,78coolbreeze,"The last time I played this game was back in 2013.  After seeing some of the new editions to the game I decided to give it another go.  I am so glad I did.  The new wood cutting additions are amazing!What is even better is getting all of this set up on 3 monitors with a G25 Steering Wheel in the middle, and a Flight Master Joystick and Throttle on either side.  Once I got everything mapped out on all the controls I am having a blast with the new Scorpion King and Buffalo machines.  This is the best version of this game I have played and can't wait to see what the company does for the next installment.If any employees from Giants Software are reading these reviews, I would love to see the Ultimate Sim MMO.  A game that combines all the different sim franchises into one massive game.  All the crops I grow could be hauled off by a trucker sim, the crops could be dusted by a flight sim, the wood transported via a train sim to a construction crew sim.  The options are many and would make for an amazing game!"
76561197964748796,Recommended,313160,15133996,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SVENNI,very good game one of the best farming simulator so far what i disslike about it is lack of forest stuff
76561197984965294,Not Recommended,313160,15190137,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gnomercee,"Great game if you like operating equipment otherwise this game fails to deliver as a true farming simulator game.  This game should be called a farm equipment simulator as the farming aspect is remedial at best.  A true farming sim should involve all aspects of farming and not just planting and harvesting.The financial aspect of the game is so simplistic that you might as well sell at the closest place available.  If you do decide to sell while the prices are up you will quickly find the prices change so fast that they will probably be lower by the time you reach a selling point.The controls are clunky.  You can use your mouse to steer while walking but once you are inside a piece of equipment you are limited to WASD or a game pad with no option to use the mouse.The world itself is empty and lifeless.  There is some traffic on the roads and some people walking around but they are in a line and walking or driving in circles.  There is really no interaction with anything.  The learning curve for the equipment is steep and unforgiving.  Not sure why there is a day and night cycle because you can't rest in your house.  There are no upgrades to your farm except to the equipment.This game is not unlike SimCity (2013) in that the graphics are good, but there was not attention to detail or game complexity.  I would rather play SimFarm from the 1993 then this uninspiring game.  Save your money!"
76561198025017224,Recommended,313160,14813849,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/sithmaster44,This game is Awesome just wish they had some John Deere Tractors.  Very easy to add them as a mod though.
76561198082382546,Recommended,313160,14964492,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,mariovacquero,"Best simulator ever, and believe me I know what I am talking about as far as games and also, I've been raised on a farm...Love it, good work."
76561198175305123,Recommended,313160,15200160,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,mr.cakie,the game is awesome  and i can play it very easly
76561198155428073,Recommended,313160,15203048,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Professor Finesser,Dank
76561198030179995,Recommended,313160,15414150,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,stebos,never played farming simulator in my life....once you get your head around what tool is for what and how to use it. good game
,Recommended,313160,15414759,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,dragonlady72,i love this game
,Recommended,313160,15103891,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Templar,"Its exactly like Grand Theft Auto, except instead of driving on sidewalks and beating ""working girls"" you just try have a bountiful canola harvest."
,Recommended,313160,15109194,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,YouWetLettuce,love it has so many good things to say about itBUY IT
,Recommended,313160,25059060,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dreams,"Such a beautiful game, the standard maps could be better but overall worth the buy!"
76561198273757855,Recommended,313160,25059181,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,mollietwinkle,Awesome game
76561198014322184,Recommended,313160,25055764,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Krooked,"Great Game,"
76561197966488799,Recommended,313160,25054550,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Snowblind,I've spent way too many hours on this game.  It's a great change from the shooting games as it's quite relaxing and allows you to get away from things going on around you.  Looking forward to Farming Simulator 17!
76561198292915271,Recommended,313160,24961458,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Pip 77,"This is a game that i would describe as the middle man!,of every other game out there,for me anyway?"
76561198086924623,Recommended,313160,24935730,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gopniks Brother,I like this game because I live in that farm life
,Recommended,313160,24923872,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,StuffedDonut,"Fun when your actually doing stuff, but when you are waiting for your crops to grow and you hired a lot of workers it can get boring real quick."
76561198237774076,Recommended,313160,24924072,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Two_of_Three,"I got tired of taking multiple trips hauling grain from the field to the silo, so I got a mod with a shamefully overpowered trailer.Very fun game, but it can be a little slow sometimes, so it's not for everyone. However, I really enjoy it!"
76561198151142780,Not Recommended,313160,13119320,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kronic_Rogue,"bad multiplayer conetcions are♥♥♥♥♥♥ which i see as a push for us to buy dedicated servers. DLC is on par with EA and Train Sim with vanilla lacking good vheicles. Physics on logs and bales are stupid. Traction on vhicles is non existant.Tl;DR Spend your money elsewhere, buy an actual good game."
76561198272561363,Recommended,313160,23056091,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Caleira_007,awsome multiplayer but the cutting the crops animation could be better
76561198127572789,Recommended,313160,23090311,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,fatkidoncomp12,"needs more maps ,Also more equipment ,but very good game."
,Recommended,313160,23300950,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,prophettt,This game is really fun whether it's solo or with friend(s)! I'd recommend it to anyone. Only sucks it's a bit expensive.
76561198142245081,Recommended,313160,23380178,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rodney,this game has just stoped working for me with this new update has this happened to anyone else
76561198202728984,Recommended,313160,23368411,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kingcole,very good game and fun to play but it soon gets boring doing the same stuff over and over
76561197965578815,Recommended,313160,22220319,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Elmo,like it
76561198317201081,Recommended,313160,24286906,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DevyDog14,very good can you put mods on this through this site
,Recommended,313160,24282270,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shultz,"Giants did good job with this game, can't wait for FS 17."
76561198020263517,Recommended,313160,14482935,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FORD6810,brill game almost like the real thing i should know i was born and raised farming beef
,Recommended,313160,24381863,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,|DD| adam,love this game great game for it money but would not recommend the dlcs they are over prices but over all the game this really enjoyable had it for a while and spent over 500 hours playing it cant get enough of it
76561198079539147,Recommended,313160,24382145,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mds273645,"I'll be the first to admit that when I first heard of the Farming Simulator series, I thought 'Wow!  Plowing fields all day sounds very exciting!' (sarcasm, of course).  Boy, was I wrong!  It's actually more of an agricultural industry simulator.  There is a whole lot you can do in this game, from planting and harvesting crops, to selling said crops, to feeding and raising animals, and now with this iteration, forestry.  Not to mention the plethora of ""toys"" to help accomplish your jobs.  But what really makes this game interesting is how everything ties in with one another (not sure if that's the best way to describe it).  For example, when you harvest your crops, you have two options with the combine harvester: either shred the leftover straw, or leave the whole straw on the field to pick up later with a loading wagon.  You can then take the straw and either sell it or give to your cattle as bedding material.  Or you can use a bailer to pick up the leftover straw and mix it with hay and silage (fermented hay) with a mixer wagon to create what's called a ""mixed ration"" to feed your cattle to produce milk to sell.  You can then in turn use the manure or ""slurry"" (manure mixed with urine) they produce as free fertilizer to spread onto your fields.  The best part is that you can hire workers and then Alt+Tab to another program while they do all the ""dirty work"". :P  I would definitely recommend this game/sim anytime!"
,Recommended,313160,13012971,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[P*A*N*Ts]Davo,"OMG Awesome, the game engine is amazing.Graphics too.If you loved FS11 FS13 you will love FS15 :DWell worth the money"
76561197987179096,Recommended,313160,14747717,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kazuya,"Farming simulator 2015, may not sound like an interesting title, but i think its absolutely brilliant, suprise package of my gaming year! 9/10"
76561198085092191,Recommended,313160,14748031,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Slovish,I think Farming Simulator is a pretty cool guy. He farms and isn't afraid of anything.
,Recommended,313160,14740914,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kirito,Took my lyfe away.
,Recommended,313160,14788836,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,bignardz101,Played a little bit it seems realistic
76561198183861258,Recommended,313160,14836772,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,r.woud,"highly addictive game, very well made and with all the mods the game gets only better."
,Recommended,313160,14816514,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,THE SOUTH WILL RISE,"Great game, it improved 100% then FS13. now if only we could lock the loads...."
,Recommended,313160,14828371,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,rocken-the-gut,when ever i try to load the game it brings up the differnt version of the game..... and need to know how to update the game on steam
,Recommended,313160,14830595,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lovescakemix,"i believe the game uses some sort of subliminal graphic engine. Once you start playing you really cant stop and if you manage to stop playing, you dream about sowing some fields."
,Recommended,313160,14634605,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Shoc,A very nice upgrade from Farm Simulator 2013. This is one of those games that you will enjoy playing after a long day at work or letting your kids play.  Thanks to a really active modding community this game really never gets old.
76561198098153561,Recommended,313160,14684382,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kämpfen,This game is amzing graphic wise and same with the gameplay. I recomend this and my rating is 9/10
76561198070274383,Recommended,313160,14735455,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Laat,Hey guys! Can anybody help me? I got 1 question. When I try to start FS15 it won't run. It says that Error: Can't load xml config file: game.xml. Can please someone help me?!? Hoping for fast answer :D Thanks in advance :DD
76561198129249229,Recommended,313160,14846689,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,stroblight24,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,313160,14859681,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,dupreeh,great game
76561198091914050,Recommended,313160,14865165,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MR.Popeye,haha nice
76561197970319383,Recommended,313160,14850912,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DMS,"Brought this in the christmas sale as I didnt think it would be worth the money after playing the hell out of Farming Simulator 2013. But boy was I wrong, the overall improved graphics and mechanics combined with the new introduction of forestry make this game one on its own. For those who haven't played a Farming Simulator before I would say this is a great option, there are tutorials you can play through before actually getting into a game, and once you get into a game there are helpful hints as you explore the map.The game also has a future, the official and non official mod scenes are already thriving..Overall 9/10"
76561198057304830,Recommended,313160,16291162,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,HeReTiC,"I spent something like $100,000 two hours trying to figure out how to make a bale of hay. When I finally made a bale of hay I spent another $100,000 and thirty minutes unsuccessfully trying to load it onto a flatbed trailer. I'm glad this is only a game because if I was actually in the tractor while I was trying to drop that hay bale onto the trailer then I'd probably get whiplash."
76561198204874760,Recommended,313160,16442004,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,stephanie_kievaughan,I have Really enjoyed this peaceful game...Only Two wish's for a DLC add on...Critters=)...From Mole's to Vole's to Groundhogs even Mice and Locusts Wreaking Havoc Deer and Raccoons and Beavers Damning up streams Even...Flooding your fields behind their Damn. Would'nt that be tragically Fun. Going to buy Dynamite to Burst their Damn. Maybe trappung them to Get them outta there...Then the often Never Subsidized Fruit Tree Farms From Apple's To Peache's Strawberries adn Pumpkin Patch's...even Not to mention the specialized equipment needed to Sow and Harvest those Crops...Any one Up For Pumpkin Launchers In a Video Game whoo Hoo Big time fun.
,Recommended,313160,16161885,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Better By Design,"Good like the usual FS line, but now they are like CNHI, forcing blue on you, wich there is no difference between the red and blue. It is still hard to farm with European equiptment in the USA. Other wise with some mods (or without) it is a good game. Also it is a better logging simulator than the actual Logging simulators you usualy find.P.S. the trains are stationary, they dont move, as shown in the commerical.Still waiting for that..."
76561198077789806,Recommended,313160,16164425,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ZeGreatPumpkinani,I have two computers so on mac this game works and is a nice pass time but pc just can't run it for some reason. Its wierd.
76561198142403429,Recommended,313160,16178546,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,vitalcounterace,Fantastic. good graphics. Lots to do.
76561198089446179,Recommended,313160,16179288,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Uncle bubbles,this game is fun to play and is with all the muney
76561198078949862,Recommended,313160,16473199,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scotland,this game is good if you like farming
,Recommended,313160,14769466,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Leon Nash,"I personaly love this game. Say what you will about it. At least the didnt make everyone pay for the alpha verson of the game and laugh while they count there stacks of money, as they tell everyone to stop complaining because its in ""alpha"" and will NEVER be released. like so many other ""AAA"" games do now-a-days. Im looking at you DayZ and H1Z1.... Scumbags!"
76561198131690411,Recommended,313160,14801463,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Johnny Deere,This is an amazing game. The graphics are pretty good. All eqiupment function good. You slow down when you start sowing or harvesting or cultivating like you wouold in real life. This game is all around just amazing.
,Recommended,313160,14801698,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,deatheffect,Looks great.Palys ok.Bugs need to be handled.Good enough game for me to get the next.Hopefully they will have the graphics and the gameplay bugless.8/10
,Recommended,313160,14802133,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,gamerman871,I love farming sim 15 but can not find any one to play co-op on and finding new friends and chating but no luck for me yet if you want to hang out just add gamerman871 looking for friends they play i have askeed my cosion to play 15 times i can not get him to play.If you like sim game this one is the best cause you get farm and do a lot of cool  things like [ cuting wood][farming][planting][money][cut grass] and much more i rate this {5/4.20}  if you would like to play all you need to do is add me as a friend and play just click my user if you want to farm have a good night/day bye for now
76561197982571948,Recommended,313160,14409753,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,daysailor7,Just purchased FS15 last week and it's great game.  Lots of things to do and the graphics and effects are top-notch.  Only issue I have is I cannot seem to get Update 1.2 to load and cannot get mods to be recognized.  Will explore UTube to try and figure it out.
,Recommended,313160,14906667,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,(つ▀¯▀)つROBB,10/10
,Recommended,313160,14906942,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,wolfox,i like this game although i wish someday soon their will be an update fixing it becuase one issue ive had is that when im not doing work after like 2 mins it takes away half my money so if anyone can reply back to me on that id appreciate it ;)
,Recommended,313160,14853897,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Shootter87,Best played with a friend.
76561198135405925,Recommended,313160,15040281,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ivke ツ,"The game is very good, especially in mp with friends"
,Recommended,313160,13725911,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,danny29087,"great update to farming sim 2013 much more equipment and forestry stuff without the mods.Updatenow with more hours under my belt, i have to say although a great game, it does run poorly with other things open in the background on multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,313160,15036934,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,RealityAskew,"Sorry but I bought this specifically so my wife and I could farm together, however that must have been a dream.  First off there is no dedicated host ability like 90% of other multiplayer games out there and one of you has to be the host.  Next thing that irritated me was that even when we do play together and we ""share"" profits, once I log off the game gives all my money back to her (this is okay in real life but not in a game).   To be a true multiplayer game / coop, this game should have the ability for each person to have a separate farm and then buy open fields until supply is exhausted.  As it stands now it's unacceptable and should not be listed as multiplayer.  Also as a note with only two of us connected directly the game lags pretty bad."
,Recommended,313160,15050972,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Archibald,"Flipped and planted the back 140 in one day? That's nothing. Farming isn't farming like in Farming Simulator 15. You truly haven't farmed until you've sewn, rewed, mowed, plowed, and logged in FS15.No seriously it's fun because it's simulating cool farm machinery and you get to control it the way you controlled the excavator lever toys in the sandbox back in third grade digging big holes like the real ones do.Buy it. You'll enjoy it. It's got something for everyone from Accountants to gearheads to simulation fans to vegetable fetishists."
,Recommended,313160,15051047,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,VargSpel,"One of the best games in the Farming Simulator franchise.  FS13 was a big hit then FS15 came out and with its ability for players to cut down trees and make money off it.  Another awesome way to make cash instead of farming.  Even though mods are still being devolped, this game is awesome the way it is.  I recomend this game to anyone who has ever played or owned a game in the farming simulator franchise(even if you think it sucks)."
76561198140451393,Recommended,313160,15053154,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,firefightermark,ok
,Recommended,313160,15053579,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,PuntingPenguin,i got it like a few weeks ago for $30.00 and now it goes on sale i waited for 2 months for it to go on sale and now i dont know what to say
,Recommended,313160,13627084,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bob... Just Bob,"How To Convert Farming Simulator 2013 Mods To Farming Simulator 2015If You Know How To Edit The XML File For A FS13 Mod In Mod Desc. Change The 9 To A 20 And Move That Mod To Your FS15 Mod Folder, AND BOOM Fs13 Mod In Fs15Your Welcome- Bob Lambert#EXTREMELYWORTHITBRUH!"
,Recommended,313160,14880473,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,jedwardsj84,"After putting 13 straight hours into Farming Simulator 15 I am very comfy saying I LOVE IT!!! They have put in so many things that I always thought would be great. Like wood cutting, although you could mod the other to do this putting it in the game made it so much cooler. And as always modding is huge for this game wich I love when games are fun to mod. Also without modding the game there are so many tools, vehicles, and land to explore. Would I recommend this to anyone? YES!!!"
76561198125073433,Recommended,313160,14931710,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,R3BOOT,great graphics and a lot of free mods now :) mulitplayer is alive ! if you like farm sims this is it.
,Recommended,313160,15070097,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CausticNebula,Love it.  I will love it more when I get a Wheel for my pc
76561198163449844,Recommended,313160,15081989,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SkrillexJoker2,you can play with youtubers
,Recommended,313160,15030058,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,T-Kettle,"Keeps Freezing. Got an Above Average PC. Should not be Freezing. Can't play past 20 min.Update, had to download the beta patch 1.0.1 for it to stop freezing for me."
,Recommended,313160,15085357,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Random93,great refresh of the already awesome FS13. I love it! Would recommend
76561198220093900,Recommended,313160,15086381,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,marthinbotha1,NICE GAME WHY DO MY MODS NOT SHOW IN THE INVENTORIE DOWN LOAD EXE FILES SHOW ON GAME MODS BUT NOT ABILE TO BYE
,Recommended,313160,15086735,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,baddogg1231,"Bought a tractor called 6135 A, heard big green tractor playing in the cabin. Felt at home.Seriously though, GIANT improved Farming Sim in this one, and it's really really quite great, especially with the mod support and everything still included. Haven't tried the forestry yet but am workingto get there! Multiplayer still needs to be fixed but other than that its seriously a great purchase."
,Recommended,313160,15075111,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Oystein,best game ever loveing it
76561198076324900,Recommended,313160,15075239,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SirMokku,"Best graphics and gameplay on the PC atm. Carefully perfected economy, millions of different tools and vehicles, most realistic physics engine there is."
76561198137088480,Recommended,313160,15075347,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,GLITTER_QUEEN_67,THIS GAME IS SO FUN I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198061167792,Recommended,313160,13707216,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Califa,This game is very realistic! I really recomend!!!!
76561198167881375,Recommended,313160,13709623,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GamerJ,"When I turn this game on, it seems like I am only playing for an hour or two, until i look at the clock and see that it has actually been about 5 to 8 hours.  It really keeps me entertained and there is a lot more to do.  I will defenitly be recommending this game to my friends!"
,Recommended,313160,13627339,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,קaקys aקєг๏s | Toklo,Good game to relax too..
76561198056818460,Recommended,313160,13632893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,eROCK,"Let me just put it this way...I just started playing this game yesterday and i've logged almost 20 hours lol. this game is oddly addicting, especially on multiplayer, and super immersive. things can obviously get tedious cuz hey, you're farming!Def worth a try if it's on sale!"
76561198145425944,Recommended,313160,13677356,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,T H I C C,its fun
76561198118450663,Recommended,313160,13679883,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ElderSrg gears,very fun and it can entertain you for days
76561198025864014,Recommended,313160,13700198,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cyborgsniper,You might think this sounds stupid at first but if you just want to sit down and relax with a game try FS15.  over all great game play and managmet sim
,Recommended,313160,13700256,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,badmad101,i like this game
,Recommended,313160,13701194,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lil' PC,Like skyrim with tractors
,Recommended,313160,13705994,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Killa,Great game.
,Recommended,313160,13717322,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,killaman9200,Its a great game i have played the 2011 platnum version and 2013 and this is far better
,Recommended,313160,13719434,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,N1s5e,Soo awesome game!First time I was playing for about 9 hours then I had to sleep otherwise I would play it more.Graphics are well-made and the feeling when playing is great.RECOMMEND TO BUY THIS!!!
76561198042487809,Recommended,313160,13452064,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fozzy85,"Good game lots to do, cash grind can be a bit hard at start, but i think its more fun to start a game like this in hard mode.Would love to see more content, lots ov scope for mods and adds.Where can i get a construction kit for this game??????MORE content! PLEASE!!!CONS- if you hate farming, or cant stand doing the same tasks over again than dont play this game."
,Recommended,313160,13593664,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[DevilDog]--J.Morrissette--,Nice engine upgrade! Now this game is way better than the last one! Definitely worth the upgrade from the 2013!
76561198079941830,Recommended,313160,13595047,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rubberduck,i reommend this game for pepole who love farming or machines  it awesome
,Recommended,313160,14251473,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,IHaveNoClueI,Nice and relaxing game to play.Lets grow some weed in Farming Sim!Will be a nice future :P
,Recommended,313160,13710525,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Khaktuss,"10/10, would farm again. Also i got my ute stuck upside-down on the side of a house, so yeah..."
,Recommended,313160,14244866,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sam,Best simulator i have ever played!Graphics are brilliant
,Not Recommended,313160,14288246,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Admiral.muggost,I JUST bought this game.. and ALWAYS at the beginning the game stops.. it happend on my friends computer aswell..
76561198151536194,Recommended,313160,14290315,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,clancey_shinn42,"Fun game, can play for hours without getting bored. The new equipment makes it even better than the Farming Simulators before it!"
76561198162241577,Recommended,313160,14293162,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cameron,this game is amazing
76561198167515876,Recommended,313160,14294027,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,thouraxe,I love the game.... im having so much fun with the logging and using the trailer to haul all my things..... THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! keep the work up..Can u put a nice Land Crusier trayback or something plz
76561198086729483,Recommended,313160,14306296,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,seabaughkyle,great game but not enough mods on fs15  mod website that download for windows [example no cars or pickups] not all zip mods work
76561198106845912,Recommended,313160,14270446,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Cpt. Poon,"I enjoy FS15 for the pure fact of the logging. What i wish they had done is added more machinery, but considering that is a European based game I understand because Cut-to--length is very popular. I just wish the added tracked feller bunchers, skidders and knuckleboom loaders.8.5/10Fixs the bugs so my machinery doesnt do back flips."
76561198033501000,Recommended,313160,13019122,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TriCzHell,when im starting the game the screen turns black and the game won't start... help?
,Recommended,313160,13433786,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,dimicha,My friends refuse to play this with me.I don't have friends any more.Do recommend 10/10.
,Recommended,313160,13295592,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,zottenpeet,"this game is awesome with some mods, not too much.first this game wouldnt start for me but i found it was something with my antivirus, now its fixed, it has better multiplayer tehn fs13 but i liked 13 more, but fs15 is still fun and a very good gamebuy it when its in promo ;)"
,Recommended,313160,13296177,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Norhams Finest,Very nice improvement over 2013.  If you enjoyed the 2013 version you will love FS 2015!.  The wood cutting is a fun addition that gives more variety to the game.
,Recommended,313160,13296267,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar,"Why are you even reading my review? You should by buying this game. It's the only game i want to keep in my library after the apocalypse, so I can remember the great times we once had when we had crops.Buy it."
76561198146263653,Recommended,313160,13296787,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,woody,"my controller dosnt work now thx to the new update but it worked fine bfore. I cant even assign the buttons to anything, but it also still works for other games so please fix pronto plz"
76561198009483471,Recommended,313160,13296999,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,farmer,because of a the new update i can't use my joy stick anymoreit worked fine before but now i cant asign buttons individuallyjust in combo so please giants fix it
76561198159691333,Recommended,313160,13298243,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,[NL]MD,"Be a farmer,be outside, taking care of some cows, Chickens and sheep? Filling the BGA with Corn and Grass to make there food.Driving the big machines over the map. an Enjoy.the game is beautifull"
,Recommended,313160,13298982,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,F R I E N D,"Day 1 -I have started to gather wheat, I dont know how... But I am.Day 2 -I found out how to sell wheat, I harvested it all and sold it for $ 2,000Went into debtGG12/10"
76561198079916125,Recommended,313160,13438950,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,McCracken1988,"Pretty good game, got addicted to the iphone version love the full game. Still a lot of learning to go but enjoying the game so far"
76561198084321745,Recommended,313160,12984818,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mix,"This was my first iteration of Farming Simulator, and I absolutely love it. The logging is fantastic, tending to your fields is relaxing and a great way to kill time, and the animal husbandry is pretty solid as well.Some things that could have gone better were the missions. It's basically ""fetch this, and bring it here"" over and over again for insignificant rewards. The mowing missions are also a bore, and don't give a lot of payout. However, the fruit demand missions are well worth doing as they give time bonuses into the hundreds of thousands of dollars.Overall, I think it's a fantastic game."
76561198157919419,Recommended,313160,15134463,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,NsaneSykoKilla,to me this game is the best if you like wood loggong because right now i dont know other games if there is other good wood logging games just add me and tell me them please.
,Recommended,313160,15138743,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TomTomG9,"Still cannot get over the amount you can do on this game, and it all works, with patience's. Would recommend to anyone, would be much better if all my friends had this game. Prob will lose many more hours of my life when a few of my friends get this. Really thought through, great grahics smoth. A++++ 10 / 10"
,Recommended,313160,15141428,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,GSD Yahl,"Very well made, i didnt play 2013 but i just had to buy it after so many good reviews, was thinking do i really wanna be a farmer and sadly yes, yes i did, although it made me very unpopular on the friendslist i  was able to pass alot of time with this game so far. Good luck to the developer keep doing what your doing."
,Recommended,313160,15123889,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Othy72,"Great Game, some add-on mods will crash game"
76561198026102499,Recommended,313160,15111252,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sane,Great game even I'm barely test this (grain growing). Best part what I expect is try to forest/logging jobs.I do not know so much real life farmer equipments but I learn fast with this game9/10
76561198073941103,Recommended,313160,15113749,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,helenajaycock,WELL DONE GIANTS! Amazing graphics love the game deffinatly worth the money looking forward to more dlc's and maybe even the next game.
76561198000577015,Recommended,313160,15115563,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BadCow,"10/10, great game."
,Recommended,313160,15091668,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pedestria,I would really recommend this game. It's really fun to play with your friends & family.I give it 9/10.;)
76561198162759574,Recommended,313160,16267030,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,chucky gamer,IT IS A GOOD GAME I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME U GET TO CUT PLOW FEED COWS CHICKS AND PLANT ANYTHING U LIKE.
76561198189335791,Recommended,313160,16267956,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ThatMatters,Very fun game and addicting.  Worth the $30. Plenty to do and keep you playing for hours.  Highly recommended.
76561198149374589,Recommended,313160,16296615,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ItzRobbie,This game is amazing
76561198148098617,Recommended,313160,16298261,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Vdublove59,"Love this game, very worth the money spent on it."
76561198060535269,Recommended,313160,16299610,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LetHerRipTaterChip,"I don't know what's harder in this game: Actually farming, or loading equipment in reverse on the low loader."
76561197976240239,Recommended,313160,17417977,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,USMCWall,"Another great addition to the Farming Simulator series, each version has continued to impress with significant upgrades to the engine and gameplay itself. A thriving modding community that the devs support and ultimately implement their works into the next versions as standard. If it's an agriculture sim you're looking for, don't bother looking at all of the other games on here, save yourself the time and buy this one, then enjoy."
76561198197092685,Recommended,313160,17421430,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,breynolds827,#bestgameever
,Recommended,313160,17993636,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,☜☢BIGBOY☢☞,BEST GAME 2015 legit no lies if u like farming then this u need to get
76561198053711976,Recommended,313160,13366663,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,htferner,I love this game but i wish the snow would stay on the ground. Also the truck needs a fifth wheel hitch in the back.
,Recommended,313160,17825615,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,delightedsalmon,Allows room for developing whatever you want on your farm and can allow a lot of creative thought to go into it. Game physics could be improvied (especially when it comes to vehicles) but overall a good game.
76561198019925209,Recommended,313160,17914008,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,KzFusion,Video game for those of us that grew up under a tractor! Hell Yeah!
,Recommended,313160,12748516,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TROMMEL1234,This game is fanominal! So much fun you wont want to stop!
,Recommended,313160,12692980,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Caro,"At the momen, no. Why?Because the game dosn't work. When trying to create a save the game will crash. There is no fix for it yet. Very disapointed.EDIT: Yep, all gone. Great game now"
,Recommended,313160,12750674,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Snoofter,STARM.
76561198003381569,Recommended,313160,12751235,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,valefor_sdad,"I have several verision of FS and this one is even more fun with the improved Graphics and  Physics.The Fact I can Chainsaw trees is ICING.Moddable, and supporting of mods.All that is missing is the Farmer's Daughter (DLC?????) JK."
76561198040735173,Recommended,313160,12753700,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Detonator97,I r8 8/8
,Recommended,313160,12753841,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ussoldier01,-ProsFar stronger game then past versions. Still has fun physics to mess around some with. The built in Hire is awesome. Would strongly recomend.-Consonly complaint i have is that i wish you could deny other players the right to do logging. All most of them do is mess up the entire tree farm.
76561197999255003,Recommended,313160,12754421,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PunK,"For those players who liked Farm Simulator 2013, FS 2015 is much better... graphics are better, more attachements and vheicles. Still the same fun game, even better now with multiplayer, u can call your friends to help you on your farm.Great game for simulator lovers. 8/10"
,Recommended,313160,12755383,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rage,"Must have game. If you don't own this game already you better get it today. Go start up a small farm and play with your friends online, you'll be up for hours on end, harvesting crops, feeding your cows, forestry, silage, hay, straw!! You're constantly working on something or trying to buy additional land."
76561198018662407,Recommended,313160,12756937,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jimay,"This game is an incredible step forward for the franchise. It takes the game from ""cute"" to ""polished.From interface to graphics, everything has been updated."
76561198077142005,Recommended,313160,12821833,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Window656,"i love this game and would give it 10/10, i would definately recommend it"
76561197988856717,Recommended,313160,12822556,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cyart,"just started playing but looks good thus far, The grafichs have improved a lot, the tractor+attachment have a more look and feel of weightness compared to the previous title, and just saw the best option: Plant Withering On or Off. no more modding the files to turn that off.i you like the previous title you will like this one too, ofcourse you will encounter some issues but for 30€, it already has good value"
76511197435264897,Recommended,313160,12822676,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,HawkGaming,ITS EPIC
,Recommended,313160,12828158,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AK|Mad Dog,First time buying a Farming Simulator. Absolutely recommend it to everyone. Do not regret it one bit buying this game. Graphics are superb!
,Recommended,313160,12813070,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,kibrat1,"Old mcDonald has a farm ,,"
76561198157182400,Recommended,313160,12815896,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,craig-mckeown,"poatoe harvester and possibly suger beet harvester wont unload with out manuel operation, we NEED a review system or rating on multiplayer players before they join our servers , the amount of times someone screwed me messing my systamtic layout ... im leader of FS|K (FarmSim|Kings clan) can we please have a more clan based support system in game? aswell as a radio system in game (like Euro truck sim 2) using the internet to update and play radiostations from different countrys or even a farming simulator radio? doing shout outs etc? THAT would be worth paying for totally in my opionion"
76561197995804725,Recommended,313160,12807392,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ruitan,"I like this game because it doesn't require a lot of effort like shooter games.You just drive the tractor with the seeding machine to the end of the field, hit H to automate and it does the job.Just sit back and watch, it's very relaxing. I don't even care for making tons of $$$"
,Recommended,313160,12807909,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Xiango,"Really enjoyable.  For a chill out game it really hits the mark.Also can be quite enjoyable playing multiplayer, as running efficiently with your friends requires some co-ordination.Was so enjoyable i get a dedicated server for the game !!I would give it 8/10 !(Few more activities in the game and that will go up, but theres always DLC !)"
,Recommended,313160,12807924,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,matthew20ryan,"Great game, big upgrade from fs 13."
76561198088661478,Recommended,313160,12808794,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CompleXDragn,I love the game
76561198016170682,Recommended,313160,12811372,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stav,SOLD MY HOUSE BOUGHT NEW HOLLAND11/10
76561198031051623,Recommended,313160,12845082,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AceDan158,"I bought 2013 on a bit of a gut feeling, then I got addicted, farming sim 2015 enhanced my addiction, it still has a few issues that need working out but bear in mky it has only just been released, tree cutting for example is way to complicated and can be extremely annoying. Either way this is a great game."
,Recommended,313160,12846054,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,washu73,"A solid and reasonably accurate simulation of farming, There are a few bugs  but all in all it is an enjoyable game.9/10"
76561198081235267,Recommended,313160,12848563,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,bps001,"someone know how to fix a problem i have will it comes up and saids ity cant load the confige folder and the i have to redown load it for it to work, then i will go back on to it then it don't work agen. can somone plz help???"
76561198059063844,Recommended,313160,12850290,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,GreenThunder01,"The game just came out on October 30th, 2014. The game is soooo much better then 2013 because they added better vehicles and TREE CHOPPING now. This game is woth the $30. I cant wait to play alot more."
76561198046136290,Recommended,313160,12740510,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Andrzej_EG,"Huge disappointment, OK, I overreacted, but I'm still disappointed. Comparing to FS2013 only graphics improved, and maybe phisics. But...:1. machine shop is even worse - new ""nicer"" look, lack of transparency, trite information2. menu has a wasted potential - vast empty white fields, it should be compacted (without any problem prices could fit to one page, no vertical scroll), vehicle selection - every time you want to jump directly to selected vehicle you have to click, click, click ... to this page and then double click your choice - Giants could at least add direct access to every page (instead of those blue orbs in lower part of menu3. new machines don't compensate all those taken away4. there is only one cruise control button (""3"") without manual adjustment (""+""/""-"") - why? even PS3 version of FS2013 had 3 speeds5. although I like new main interface, but again you give to much white emptiness to the button tips section in upper left cornerGenerally it is a good game, but if you have FS2013, then hold your horses, wait for price reduction."
,Recommended,313160,12741508,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Crime & Punishment,"Farming Simulator 15 crushed predecessor.Soiling of machines, real pulling power makes the game much more realistic.The addition of a combination of farm forestry was very positive. sometimes wgrze find any bugs in August, but they too do not interfere.The weak point of the game is that there is very little brand machines Ursus, one model is not to my liking because of poor performance (in fact, it is more powerful).This is the best agricultural simulator released in 2014. Final rating: 9/10"
76561198038831829,Recommended,313160,12746168,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,hugolopulus,"The ultimate in 'feel good', team-based, productive, co-op play ... nice! :)"
76561198144008271,Recommended,313160,12747497,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,alphawolf21,its the best
,Recommended,313160,12769828,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,indepthqc,You must play this game! Very fun and I am not a simulation geek!
76561198083367401,Recommended,313160,12781281,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,poptart1952,why does fs2015 keep kicking me off  cant finish a game   some one tell me what im doin wrong
76561198063610665,Recommended,313160,19413065,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Max,Lots of fun when you just want to relax and do something different.I play solo and with friends in multiplayer.Runs well on a wide variety of computers meaning it doesn't need the latest and greatest hardware.What makes this game interesting is the huge number of mods from third party websites.There are literally thousands of additional vehicles and equipment and hundreds of maps to choose from and experiment with.The modding community is great and its wildly entertaining trying out all the extra machinery.Definitely recommended.
76561198119630642,Recommended,313160,19552964,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,daycri83,"I think farming simulator 2015 is a great game, it could use stuff like more trucks, simis, and seeders that dont cultavate, but overall a very good game."
,Recommended,313160,19688160,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Bradman418,"AMAZING GAME! great game, I would reccomend this 100 percent."
,Recommended,313160,19693829,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,PoisonPeanut,"Old MC' Donald had a farm he ja he ja ho, then he plowed that barley field he ja he ja ho, with a tractor here and there"
,Recommended,313160,19270957,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,NoName-.-,Great game playing this franchise from 2009 FS and isn't bored than doesn't have what to do. 10/10 keep it up making better game versions :)
,Recommended,313160,19295474,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Itchy,Worth it!
76561198067218963,Recommended,313160,19275620,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,master colli,omg omg amazing
76561197973581936,Recommended,313160,19286034,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Loading...,Farm is life.
,Recommended,313160,19290314,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,wouter11.wvk,good game
,Recommended,313160,19432615,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SilentStorm AU,l
,Recommended,313160,19428671,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FraggedLocust,"Farming Simulator is a game about farming. That pretty much sums it up. Buy land, Farm land, sell crops, repeat! If you're looking to make inordinate amounts of money there are also ways to do that, but then you run the risk of ruining the game for yourself as there's not much to do after that."
,Recommended,313160,19353659,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Countryboy9922,"I would absoultely recomend this game for any virtual farming entuhist. I would change a little bit with the logging aspect of the game as far gameplay goes. Peformance wise I run mine on the highest graphic quallity and it runs fine, but for you guys with lower quallity computer I would recomend a lower setting. Modding in this game is just like all the rest of the farming simulator games."
,Recommended,313160,19411048,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,K-9,hkhmjhnkm
76561198080117003,Recommended,313160,19426514,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,keithskud,Fantastic
,Recommended,313160,19406538,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,!Will [Elijah],"Decent Game, Wish it had better compatiblity for the Logitech G27"
76561198046235219,Recommended,313160,19507342,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dandeLION,10/10 would plow again
,Recommended,313160,19508562,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Theo20,Tatra is the best.
76561198169268835,Not Recommended,313160,13886364,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,wingedlist57,it doesn't work nothing show up you only hear the sound waste of money
,Recommended,313160,13887732,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dank Hill (AKA Mr. Pro Pain),"Where has my life gone?  I've played it over 10 hours a day since I got it.And I bought it just to play with my roommates on weekends, thinking it'd be boring and I'd set it aside 99% of the time when it's not game night (like Minecraft).Oops."
76561197999661173,Recommended,313160,13908415,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,finnishdude91,"If you like farming, this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,313160,13909436,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ZereLaatikko,In this game this you don't get bored than in early games
76561198170815227,Recommended,313160,14279964,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,xboxmattyboi20,relly good games can`t stop playing it
,Recommended,313160,14280213,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Alex~,its good to play but they need to do something with the 60 fps limit
,Recommended,313160,14281152,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,juantonfaggot,Took me 8 hours to figure out how to sell stuff10/10
76561198095151454,Recommended,313160,14233543,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mrs Pittman,Absolutely love this game.Don't dismiss it because you think its going to be boring! There is just something that is so relaxing about playing this game  - you instantly get sucked into it for hours and hours.Definelty worth the money. I would buy this again if given the option!
76561198160223707,Recommended,313160,14344398,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,2XST,Great game to chill out and relax to!
76561198056149744,Recommended,313160,14325765,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,harryfrazer,This is a solid game ! The best part of it is that it gets better and better the longer you play it. Verry high quality and physics. Highly recomend.
,Recommended,313160,15284360,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,meow meow,"Even better than the last farm sim. Physics have been ""improved"" to be more realisitc, which removes some of the multiplayer tractor vs tractor fun, but all for good reason.  New maps plus forestry add a lot.  Easy modding is great for this game, and lots of data stored in xml files makes it super easy.  Very fun!!"
76561197972535489,Recommended,313160,15284386,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,KOS762,i love the game.  Its better.  But it crashes.....alot.  not fun.
,Recommended,313160,13889171,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,F14Cheetah | LAZΞR,"Good graphics and great framerate! Beware of battery usage and save frequently as the game does crash occasionally.*Edited*: The game does not crash anymore with the new updates. Battery usage is still a problem, be sure to have a charger handy."
76561198016784096,Recommended,313160,15209451,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NAMVET007,Great farming game.  One thing that would be nice is better equipment descriptions as what they do.
76561198086140352,Recommended,313160,15209638,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,cory_lindaas,"pretty awesome, but needs to have some forestry erquipment for a dlc"
,Recommended,313160,19353052,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nano,love it
76561198101510898,Recommended,313160,19354055,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,supersoldier249,"I would give it an 8/10 it is really good and there are THOUSANDS of mods for everything you can imagine and they are really easy to use just download drag and drop in the mods folder and done.. I would give it a 10/10 but frankly it gets pretty boring on your own and I had serious rubber banding issues in multiplayer, it only happened with vehichles that used attachmetns like front end loaders on tractors or trailers. So all in all it is a really good relaxing game, and within the last few months the rubber banding issues were fixed so its a dream to play now."
76561198059271605,Recommended,313160,19378594,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mariapple,"Hello I recomended , is the best for me"
,Recommended,313160,19379093,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Will,great game
,Recommended,313160,19414209,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,crazyprsn,"I do love this game, but it definitely needs to incorporate more AI capabilities for those who rather play single. Luckily, we have Courseplay, which is a mod that allows you to create routes and program your own rudimentary AI to help out with a bigger farm!I have been surprised at how much fun this game is, and have sunk some very enjoyable hours into it!"
,Recommended,313160,19687742,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,matthewurke,"I love the game, able to do so much with in the game. You can grow the crops within the maps you choose to play. You can get so many different mods for the greatest mod game.You can also play the game without mods and still have fun.I do wish they would make the game a little more computer friendly. I have to play the game in low settings and online games are completly out due to the graphics and the resource usage it take for my computer."
76561198045863988,Recommended,313160,19395335,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Siodrix,"Farming Simulator 2015 is a mind blowing experience for farmers & non-farmers. You can harvest, plow, fertilize fields, buy fields and everything a real farmer would have done. Give it a shot !"
,Recommended,313160,19367046,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nopsi,"Played the game right after the released and got harrased by my, so called, friends.purchased now the addons and dlcs, started it ONCE and downloaded 410 mods (7gb in total).srs bsns! :D"
,Recommended,313160,19358233,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[ADK]GHOST-1,"Love this game, with over 10k mods why wouldnt you waste your life doing this"
,Recommended,313160,26279679,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Barry  @Just Gonna send It,Awsome game. Love the addition of forestry.
76561198256549337,Recommended,313160,26305111,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,rebeL_Knight,best game ever
,Recommended,313160,26316628,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Aerdian,"Amazing! I've had this game since the release date, and played it constantly. I loved the new addition of logging and the graphics were much improved from FS 13. Now that FS 17 is out, that's the new best, but this is still a great game, especially for someone who wants FS, but doesn't want to pay $35 for the new one."
76561198108596708,Recommended,313160,21217278,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tormod[NOR],I will not buy FS17 before they ad steam workshop.
76561198022095617,Recommended,313160,26515512,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jacob Ditzel,If you like violence and acction this is the game for you!!!Almost like GTA Vi
,Recommended,313160,24750073,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Chelkey,"This game is the most boring game that's impossible to put down, very grindy, yet massivly addicting once you get things going."
,Recommended,313160,24430298,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,W33DSMOKER,Gr8 Game!Noscoping Cows is fun as hell!!
76561198175723277,Recommended,313160,24619036,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BlueWolf|hellcase.com,One of the best farming games yet. You could spend hours on it and not be bored. Get some money from the harvest keep growing and earning equipment.
76561198315251580,Recommended,313160,24657941,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,james-mason2015,g
76561198029337671,Recommended,313160,24420961,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SAM_FISHER [ELITE],Game is outstanding as always. Only for future development reference. Please add this option. We should direcly zoom out while driving the vehicle only farming ones and can drag and dorp other vehicle directly in to the field which will automatically start the function which u need (well options should be provided). So player can have better control on the large size of fields and it will help to multitask.
,Recommended,313160,24427456,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Little Bee,"It,'s realy good game"
76561198026495577,Recommended,313160,24681848,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ragehorn,"As my hours logged playing this game can be a huge indication of how much I love this game!!!!I still have to say that I joked about the concept of the game with my lady, by saying that this will only allow ""city folks"" to quote ""get it"" and grant them the understanding and experience to become a qualified individual for Farmers Only dot com."
76561198317709517,Recommended,313160,24727992,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,CreeperNationLLC,This is a great game and very relaxing. I find myself losing track of time when playing it. Especially when you mod the game and can get more realistic or interesting vehicles. The traffic needs better AI and should not be able to flip a 1100 hp truck.
76561198185981957,Recommended,313160,24564162,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Wamfoot,I Can't stop playing !
76561198318589561,Recommended,313160,24613648,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,epinm001,Love this game!!!
,Recommended,313160,24591772,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bob216,this game is the best game ever recomend it to other people who havent played it but the price should be lowerd a little bit
76561198071671248,Recommended,313160,12799983,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SKi,"I really have been enjoying this game. Multiplayer loging needs work even on a dedicated server there are issues, other than that you def buy this game. just be warned its addictive and will suck you in for the long haul."
,Recommended,313160,12811599,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TweAk,"sits down around 10pm""lets check this out""around 5am now""i should go to bed"""
76561198154219411,Recommended,313160,12891471,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tersabo,"Great game, love the new logging option, In the old versions, trees keps being in the way. Not any more! Graphic enhancements are spectacular, interiors of cabs are much better. It is a more complete game. I would give it an 8/10. To gain the extra points I would add more animals, like pigs, goats, horses and make chickens, cows and other animals for meat production as well. Seasons would be a great addition and would make the simulation more complete. Multiplayer is a mess at the moment due to the logging. An other option that would be amazing to add would be the ability to damage your equipment, not very realistic when you can drive off a cliff, flip the tractor and just drive off. All in all this is an amazing game and love seeing the series going in the right direction."
76561198126579554,Recommended,313160,15995879,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,xXkiller123Xx,really good game help educate what it is like to own a farm just with out the big hole in your wallet in real life
,Recommended,313160,16075608,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sympathiser,very good game for someone who just cant be F**Ked playing FPS always good game to chill on40/10
76561198092416598,Recommended,313160,16194137,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,420 sunset,f*****g Awesome :D addictive isnt the word its a need to tend your crops and just get in that harvester feeling.... oh wait you dont know what im on about because you dont have the game . so get it now you wont regret it
,Recommended,313160,16220810,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,WolfieZ_529,"Just amazing! There's always something for you to do, and with so many machines and awesome graphics, you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen! So much choices of jobs! And the brands are actually real-life ones!! Greenhouses,cows,sheep,chickens,cropfarming,lumbering,woodchiping,silage, and even more!!! HELL YES I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!                                                                                                                         SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME THE MUSIC IN THE TRAILER ABOVE THE ""BUY"" BUTTON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,313160,15922662,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,SpaceDragon,"A great game, its got all the HD graphics even works really good with a i3 4GB ram computer! (mods can get slow if there is lots like over 8 mods give or take) it has a focus end goal and the time frame is great because you can switch between 5X faster or to normal time (60 second per minute)ITRunner DLC would be okay if you dont really agree with mods but is really not worth is 10:00 USD with is more in dollars really it would be worth about to be generous 4:00 USD its needs a whole lot more things in there and needs a new name. 5.5/10JBC DLC is great compared to the ITRunner but need more content like a new logger that logs the trees, cuts them to size and then puts them into a transporter and this should be worth about 380,000 game credits and comes with custom colors. and a couple more bits of machinery and tools would make JBC really worth its money, but at the moment it should be worth about 7:00 USD and gets a score of at least 7.8/10This game was really fun a definitely keeper and i can not wait till 2016 edition!  :)"
76561198099377670,Recommended,313160,15934516,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ross420t,You will literally have no life. Greatest investment you could possibly make. Unbelievably amazing graphics and comes with hours of non-stop play.    100/10 would farm again. :)
,Recommended,313160,15970139,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Badger,Good Game
,Recommended,313160,15974916,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Payton_fallsalot,Make this game compatible with linux and i would love it because currently im dualbooting windows 8.1 and linux and i love to play this game on windws 8.1
76561198169941775,Recommended,313160,16427511,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CameronShipman,i love this game. iv had all of these farming simulator games and this one returns to the basic work of the 2013 version much better than 2014 i even have all DLC for it and they can really halp at times!
76561198119496933,Recommended,313160,16409125,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gabostic,fun for everyone
76561198066611928,Recommended,313160,16340650,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Crankey Pants,Its a great game if you like farming. its the best of its type but it has its problems that are beeing worked on. but overall its a fun game to play on multyplayer with friends to either just have fun raicing and drifting with a car or working hard on the next harvest its a game where you have no objectives but your own and you do whatever you whant.
76561198159466727,Recommended,313160,16318490,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jimmy_John1435,great game but more maps would be great.
,Not Recommended,313160,15892036,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MR. Poopy Butthole,"Stupid game, multilayer doesn't work properly. All your money is removed when you re-connect!"
76561198061324505,Recommended,313160,15893219,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,seedy307,"Up with the roosters on day 1, be a good idea to change time to 1:1 so i dont get overwhelmed.By 10am my wheat is harvested, field plowed, sowed, and sprayed. I allow the local yocal I had hired to return to his loved ones, Until tomorrow when he must return to plow my dirt and spray my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Because, ya know, Officers. Won't. Work.I then head into town to meet my subjects on my trusty dusty stead. One local comes at me and i yell ""STOP CITIZEN"", but he doesn't stop, he keeps coming, and coming, he wont slow down. I must ram him, to set an example to the others.  So i speed up, closer, closer,  and he passes right through me. Like I wasn't even there. I must see this again, so i try to turn around, only to be stopped by a canvas TENT. People can walk through me, tents stop me! WHAT IS THIS MAGIC THAT TROLLS PHYSICS!!>??!?!Quick Summary:1) locals farm harder after detailed lashings2) Officers. Wont. Work.3) Ghosts walk among us4) Canvas tents are nigh indestructable5) MAGIC"
,Recommended,313160,15869990,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,mitchellrolltide,"I have played most, if not all the farming simulation games and this by far is the best. Easy to pick up on what must be done.My one suggestion is to find a way to move to a perticular vehicle a little easier. I spend quite a bit of time trying to find a certain tractor."
,Recommended,313160,15872082,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Teron,best gem evur 10/10 would play again.
76561198116943124,Recommended,313160,15964601,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,- \/G - bobcat418,"This game is a great continuation of the Farming Simulator series and comes with better animations, graphics, etc. and the forestry is a nice addition. So, now on to the pros and cons.Pros:better graphicsmore things to do, such as forestrymore vehiclesa new mapCons:wood chipper can be glitchy and hard to use at timesif a vehicle flips  over, you almost always have to reset it"
,Recommended,313160,15895982,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Martialisalegend,definitely a fan of this game the fact you can have other people help you with your farm is incredible id recommend it to anyone who likes simulator games
,Recommended,313160,15908060,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Colonel North,It's a good game I was really happy that there was a multiplayer (which I didn't expect)
76561197999260407,Recommended,313160,20768378,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,laetra,"Fun game, worth its 25$. Wish it had options to turn off teleporting to vehicles, and workshop support.You can pick up and install third party mods that run the gambit of game breaking to funny."
76561198023144084,Recommended,313160,20806128,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Farn,I thought I wouldn't like it but I ended up liking it.I only wish you could change your farmers appearance and go into buildings. Maybe its too much harvest moon wishing.
,Recommended,313160,20781444,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,djskidysid,great game
76561198251897346,Recommended,313160,20671959,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Eedysicecream,It's a fun time killer.  It's a game you can spend hours playing and not even realize it.
76561198075389808,Not Recommended,313160,20667144,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Yak Nasty,"Honestly I cannot recommend this game for a few reasons. One is you have to buy the game twice and have a second account to run a dedicated server which is ridiculous. If you are a fan of single player then you should have no problem, but the implementation of the muliplayer is terrible. The graphics and some of the gameplay is generally annoying, and don't get me started on the DLC."
,Not Recommended,313160,20958189,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Raigu,The game is only fun if you are playing with Friends or other people and since none of my friends play it. It gets boring quickly.
76561198044690431,Recommended,313160,20950135,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Luiginono,"I like this game because i keep coming back to it. Play a lot for a few days, take a break for a few days. Its nice for a busy person but apparently people get adicted."
,Recommended,313160,20940717,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,CasperGaming,"Love this game, nice way to get away and relax."
76561198179414055,Recommended,313160,20940807,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Xaver1106,i have Farming Simulator on the PS4 if you have this game on a console I would recomend this game to anyone it is also very relaxing i hope this helps you make up your mind on buying this game
76561198185722470,Not Recommended,313160,21024759,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,chjking,"Even though this is a great game, the controls were way too difficlt for me, only keyboard to move around, hardly any mouse controls at all. Other people may like it but its not for me."
,Recommended,313160,21034482,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pip,This a brilliant game to those who like simulation games and driving awesome tractors etc And also if you like farming!
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,313160,13145625,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DustBust,"Well after the months of owning this game, if you like to farm for DLC then this game kills it.Modding community makes up for the shortfalls and the maps are just slightly reworked from previous versions and non of the UI or in game AI gets any work...Previous Review:Well heres a simple summary if your familiar with the series.Pros:-Improved Gameplay over previous version-Great Graphics-Forestry added (Easy Money at the beginning of the game)-AI in my opinion is better-Can now have the AI control more tasks (fertilizing)Cons:-Gravity a bit messed up for vehicles, can flip them easily-Trees do not obey gravity either, pretty sad when forestry is a part of the game (do not fall when cut, will spin on the ground for long periods, branches do not hold the tree off the ground)-Limited Vehicles and Mods (Extra $$ for DLC I'm sure...)Small improvements over SIM14, would wait till it goes on sale or more content comes out, your really not missing much if you have SIM14 already."
76561198108954546,Recommended,313160,21068566,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,teman125,Love the game
,Recommended,313160,21068690,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lemansgranprix,"I would recommend this game to anyone, although I also really enjoyed it's predecessor.  I'm not sure which of the two is better."
,Recommended,313160,21107683,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,「DvwR」,"So I have been playing the Farming Simulator franchise since I was about 11 or 12. Now I'm here as a 16 year old boy and I still can't get enough of it! I remember walking through Big Lots (That's American for ""My family is cheap"") and seeing Farm Sim 2011 in a no offence but ugly looking box. And I begged my mother to let me buy it. When I put the disk in my computer I hoped to god it wasn't a sh#@ty Farmville rip off but it wasn't, it was my childhood. So enough of my rambling on like a 90 year old Marine vet, If you want a casual game or you want to see how the agricultural world works, then this is the game for you. If you get bored of the vanilla game, then throw in some mods that let you ride around a cow through the sky and a motorcycle that will send you into the top of the skybox in less than 2 seconds. Also If you are having frame rate issues because you spawned in too many boats that float on land, then I suggest you just buy Farming Simulator 2013 or Farming Simulator 2011, they are all pretty much the same thing except for graphical differences and different tractors and maps. Oh yeah and one more thing, If you want to do multiplayer I HIGHLY suggest that the host has very fast internet or else the other players in the game won't be able to do much because of all the lag spikes. - DTK_Beasty_L"
76561197972273061,Recommended,313160,21113292,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TheViking,"On a PC this game is more intresting then anything out there atm .. new Tracktros / maps and everything in between, some mods are awsome and some are not, just got to know were to look. Best value for money is in this game 40$ at the time .. play´d over 1.800 hours so far .."
76561198061970722,Recommended,313160,21094711,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ghostano,I find myself thinking I will do just one my run fo chaff. Two hours later I wonder were my time went then I remeber for some reason I thought just this once I could get some wood chips. Give up ont hat then realize I need to feed the cows off to do that but since I am in the chaff maker I just have to fill up one more trailer for the biomass planet.It can get repeative but stange it is also relaxing for me. I have not played with anyone else so can not talk about that part of the gameThe diffculity setting just effects how much you can take out as starting loan and how much things sell for.  The PC version does give you the option of mods that I think can make some things easier and some new maps I believe.
,Recommended,313160,21325286,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Entrappedmind,"It's currently on sale for $7.50. Give it a shot, and spend at least a few hours to get a feel for things. If you were open-minded enough to wind up at the store page and read these reviews, well, chances are, you'll enjoy it.I've been a fan of this series since the 2013 incarnation. Personally, I feel like the Forestry addition is kind of a waste. Just an opinion. But guess what? I can ignore it. If you find you enjoy the forestry and feel farming is boring, you can ignore the farming.At the $25 retail, this game is a great value - there's hundreds of hours of enjoyment to be had with the base game. Once you add mods, there's no limit to what you can do.At 70% off? It's a no brainer. Don't overlook this gem, because if you have ANY interest in this genre, you WILL eventually end up owning this game. Might as well grab it on sale, eh?"
76561198255750870,Recommended,313160,21324602,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,adamfairbrother63,great graphics and a really good game for anyone who is interested in farming
,Recommended,313160,21327266,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WOAH!,"I cannot stop playing this game.. This is SO fun..I thought it would be like the others and not be very fun..but I regret that sentence up here..well..let me scoot over here..yep..mm.Yeah..this one.^ I regret that sentence..This one is the best and I hope the 2016 edition is better,not saying this was bad..but holy mother of chickens this is good. The game in general has soooo much to do, you will NEVER get bored unless you have problems.. This game has a couple bugs and stuff that have been fixed and you can go Online to play with friends,or even random strangers. Just saying this,I earned up to more than a TRILLION all legit from playing for over 14 hours. Don't worry..no hater comments on eye health,I took 1 hour breaks every 2 hours. I drank a lot of water and ate bread so it could expand in my stomach so I wouldn't get hungry too much. Now...back to the MAIN! Topic. The game. This has some of the tractors in the world that you wouldn't get to see on your every day trip around your local area. My problem is that I have 150MB Per Sec internet and I can't go online..I am sure they will fix it after this comes up probably,besides that, I L-O-V-E this game and PLUS the modding community is so awesome its ridiculous. I would take THIS GAME,a good computer and a internet source of 100 Megabites over a Buggati or a Lamborghini anyday. Now...If you think farming is boring,this game is more than just sitting in a tractor and plowing a field. This is game is like..REAL DEAL farming..And with that Gaming Setup with the Cow with the Gaming Setup with the buttons and then the NO HUD Mod will make it so Realistic. This game is a 10/10 and I would reccommend to ANYONE,even the people I hate!"
76561198036167875,Recommended,313160,22823738,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,OmaGretel,"Sooo addicting! Don't buy if you love your sleep. It's the type of game where you want to do just ""that 1 more thing"" and suddenly realize it's already 1 am and you have to get up early ;)So this was my first farming game and I really enjoyed it. I was really surprised not only by how much fun it is to harvest virtual crops, but especially by the high quality of the game. I have played many other simulations, which are perfectly realistic but are just very buggy or simply unenjoyable, because of bad usability. Not FS15 though! Very solid game with no game-breaking bugs in my experience.It's more of an educational game than a simulator though. You get to know the farming machinery and the required steps to run a farm. But a lot of it is simplified for the sake of playability. This is the reason for many negative reviews, because many hardcore fans find that the game does not go deep enough in terms of farming mechanics. But I think it is also the reason for this games' success, because the developers want to make the game accessible for the average person instead of catering to people with real-life farming experience.I learned a lot about farming from this game and whenever I drive through the countryside in real life, I see farms with completely different eyes now. If you don't know much about farming, you should definately try out this game. You don't have to be a farming enthusiast to have a fun time with this game."
76561198122967598,Recommended,313160,22362033,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,eragon,whatws with the black screen issue?
,Recommended,313160,22364383,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,XxCrash38xX,this is one of the best farming sims i have played in a long time i love this game and hope all of you enjoy it as well
,Recommended,313160,22379877,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cavemancougar,"Very fun game, good realism could use more detail but there's TONS of mods to help with that."
,Recommended,313160,22400746,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gavin,"An absolutely fantastic game, visually and gameplay wise. Firstly, some of the pros:- Stunning graphics- A reasonable amount of realism- Very well optimized (can run on even some low end systems)- Plenty of different tasks and jobs to do throughout- Very moddableAt the start, you are presented with two of the in game maps, one being Westbridge Hills, and the second one Bjonholm. Both maps have their differences, all dependant on what you're wanting to do. Bjonholm would be more idea for those that want to go off and work within the forestry area. Westbridge Hills on the other hand is more based around animal and field work. Throughout both maps, you can easilly put multiple hours in without even noticing.The game has built in Multiplayer support meaning that you can team up with friends and have a blast of a session together. A very stable multiplayer build too, I must add. Within the Multiplayer platform you also have access to run mods on your own in game session. (Multiplayer sessions can be hosted in game, with a maximum capacity of 4 players. A dedicated server can be rented/ hired, which would allow for a 24 hour operation, and you can choose the amount of players you'd like the server open to.)The modding community- Now this is where the game really starts to get interesting and exciting for many. This game is massively moddable. In the concept of different tools and machinery such as: Combine Harvesters, Seeders, Plows, Cultivators, etc... The list can go on for minutes. Some of the mods that you can find for this game are visually stunning and perform greatly around the farm. Of course with all mods, some you will find to be slightly buggy, but this is to be expected at times.Performance- The game runs super smooth, on both high and low end systems. Configuration for graphics settings could not be made any easier than the way that it is configured in this game. You choose from the default presets that are available: low, high, very high. In order to get the highest render distances and maximum detail you're going to need a fairly good system to run it. But most laptop systems should be capable of running between medium and high profile settings.Overall, I'd strongly recommend this game to anyone that has an interest to agriculture. It looks great, plays great, and is a heap of fun. Definitely a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,313160,22769658,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shrocket,First of all this is one of the top simulators on the market. I recommend this completely. I have two friends that I play this regularly with and I never get bored. there is always something that needs done on the farm. Im trying so hard to find a simulator that is as fun as this (or I can just put 8 hours straight into it without getting bored.) Overall i say this is a must have if you like simulators.
76561198039700393,Recommended,313160,22756233,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,{SwSS}Wondernut,Just need a game to kill time? This game will do it! Incredibly addicting beware. Nah really it is just a lot of fun. Lots of Mods out there you can download and plenty of commmunity support on how to do it and even build your own Mods. Two thumbs up!
76561198085455728,Recommended,313160,22803405,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mr Castrol,"As a New Zealander it doesn't have enough Sheep!!!Also when Hiring workers AKA ""mexicans"" cut down tree's and remove any stump'sThey cost you good money"
76561198146991768,Recommended,313160,22747286,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,coopy24,this game is sooooo awesome thaks
76561198008260668,Recommended,313160,14465031,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zorro1925,Great game can't stop playing it!!!!
76561198200214946,Recommended,313160,22777919,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Archer1240,I just plain liked it!
,Recommended,313160,22778013,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Fig,"Highly addictive game!They are always releasing new DLC for it, so you enjoy it more and more. However, I think the MP does it justice as you can have hours of fun with friends online on one big farm.Brilliant simulation game!"
,Recommended,313160,22765998,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,John Wayne Gacy,"Great game ! Fun to play with friends and mods , ofc there are some bugs but its okay :D ! 10/10"
,Recommended,313160,22759763,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ranger,A fun game. Not the most accurate simulator of all time but an improvement in almost every feature from the previous games.  Not for everyone but a fun game anyway. Would recomend playing with freinds.
76561198120306859,Recommended,313160,20919909,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ryan32,Awesome Farming game!
76561198085946621,Recommended,313160,20916671,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Hammer,"A very good time waster.  No goal in the game, just do stuff to make money and use that money to buy things to do more stuff and make more money to buy more machinery and equipment......got it?In all honesty, it's a beautiful game with amazingly detailed tractors and equipment."
76561198120086885,Recommended,313160,20898378,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,NotLarzie,good game
,Recommended,313160,12757336,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,armyeod83,"The woodcutting addition is very good, but there are many glitches with the woodchipper. If possible, please make patch for glitch. Also, would anyone, besides myself, reccommend an ability to see the growth of your fields when you pull up your map instead of having to go to the submenu using the ""i"" key? I love the game overall and definitely reccommend it to  other future players!"
76561198082490699,Recommended,313160,12754632,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RevCain,"After fixing my own ""Black Screen"" technial issues I finally got the game to work just to find that its the same exact game as FS2013 with a few graphics updates and logging. The maps are exactly the same, no additional maps,,,,) Modding the FS2013 Titanium Edition would get you about the same thing (or better). Only one car in the store (there are more vehicles available for FS2013 on their own website, you would think they could at least include a couple options for trucks)WHile I am happy to support an upcoming game creator, this falls short of being a new game. Could have just added the logging and graphics to FS2013 and called it an upgrade or addon. Certainly not anything near the effort I would expect.That being said I am changing my negative and replacing it with a positive, as if you never owned FS2013 this will be fun for you. But if you own FS2013, wait for an upgrade pack or for the next release."
76561198017453575,Recommended,313160,12734036,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CJ Gaming,If you liked the other 2013 your going to love this 1 it's the best yet lots of new toys to play with and can make money from cutting trees down and chopping them up and difrent tools effect the tractors u need to think about that when buying a tractor u can't just drive up big hills now like u could on the last 1 and your tools and tractors get dirty as they do on a real farm
76561198091800285,Recommended,313160,12734285,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Pickle Rick!!!,You can climb trees! 10/10
76561198118063432,Recommended,313160,12735059,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,1995dwalters,"amazing game but wish thier was more tractors like farmall, johndeere or ford otherwise it is a great game"
,Recommended,313160,12700691,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Goofy58943,"Give it a 9/10. I love the game so , so much! the only little part that stinks is the log graber trailer, when i get a log i flip instantly. after that very, very detailed and amazing graphics. Good job Gaints!"
,Recommended,313160,12737058,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SAY10,its 2013 but better!!!! the only thing I wish was added is the ability to sleep at night as sometimes the nights get to be long when waiting for crops to grow.
76561198207401091,Recommended,313160,20814805,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ZeroCaliber88,Great game! played quite a bit and its fully moddable! I love it and I would reccomend it to anybody that likes simulator or driving games! [:
,Recommended,313160,20679960,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Simulation Gaming,had the game since the release date and still i find the game to be amazing!
,Recommended,313160,20842050,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,[Saint] (  .  Y  .  ),"Such a fun time on the beautiful farm, tending my crops and driving my tractors!  10/10 must own!"
,Recommended,313160,20199880,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yo mom hellcase.com,Real life game
,Recommended,313160,20200178,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MinecraftHDMan22,I really enjoy this game.
76561198254499695,Recommended,313160,20202458,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,xXTurtleLoverXx,"Great Game,Well worth the money.I do prefer mods."
,Not Recommended,313160,20201333,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sketchie,"As much as I like sim's this gets repetative real fast. Good to kill a couple hours, but basically once you've made it to lumbejacking it is just a matter how how much money you want to make. The onyl significant change is the lumberjacking otherwise it is the same as all other verisons but with different units and better graphics.Only buy on special :)"
76561198028550417,Recommended,313160,20192069,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DarkFire989,Got this game as a joke to play with my roommate during Christmas Break. One week in and I have played for 30hrs. So far we have recruited 4 other people to play which is hilarious. A lot more fun with friends.
76561198151038620,Recommended,313160,20224413,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JuniorG-Man,its cool all i can say
76561198086926403,Recommended,313160,20220007,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,(CoUNT)HuGo Fishsticks,This game is unreal... all the other reviews are true!!! buy it now...
,Recommended,313160,20220311,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NepperNep,must buy
,Recommended,313160,20226121,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SATRIX™,best simulator game
,Recommended,313160,20271665,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bilalcek,"I recommend this game to be played with friendsProsAt first its super excitingTime flys by very fastVariable gameplayGood mod supportConsRough time making money at the startNot many good instructions, but you can find them onlineQuiet boring after you are done with missions"
,Recommended,313160,20246020,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Delseum,Backing stuff up is a ♥♥♥♥♥. 10/10 for realism
76561197977158055,Recommended,313160,20231061,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dquise,Bought the game and had zero expectations for it.Turned out to be hours worth of fun.
76561198008867903,Recommended,313160,20209209,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dudly,Coming from FS13 to this one i instantly got out the chainsaw and ran to the nearest tree as soon as it fell i went and thats for all the times the help got stuck on you and your kind. after getting that out of my system i got to farming and have to say it looks and feels better then 13 but the one thing that bugs me is the wheel slip its still a bit tomutch in my opinion overall i geatly enjoy this game and love the little things like gettign to clean the  equipment after a long days work
,Recommended,313160,20228811,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Eirekillers,Way better than 2013's one.
76561198086529360,Recommended,313160,20221329,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MaverickII | Hellcase.com,"I played for hours and hours. It took my life away, but then I found another game that took my life away.11/10 will give life again."
76561198193000677,Recommended,313160,20226261,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rotato 0_0,preety good way better than the first one i have to admit i mean u can out of your veichal in this one..             i like it wurth the money
76561198273008601,Recommended,313160,22033408,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,bkjibm,This is the worst expeirence ever.  The game is not bad but Steam sucks!!!!!  The game never opens it takes forever if it does open up.  Worst money I have ever spent
,Recommended,313160,21328041,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[FYC] Rob,"Addictive madness, that i want to hate because farming.. ya know.. NERD nirvana.. BUT i love it :)"
76561198087404624,Recommended,313160,21973947,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Luke,"This is a life , not a game , or it will be .. if you get it !!!!   I start the game ,I find My self on my best liked map , walking around the farm , trying to remember what I need to do . It's early morming .The sun is coming up , The next thing I know it's 6 hours later."
76561197996883340,Recommended,313160,21979518,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,EternalQuasar,Most probably won't like this simulator but that is just the thing ... it is a *farming* simulator; I find it on the most part extremely relaxing an would suggest purchasing both it an the DLC for the best experience.
,Recommended,313160,21525182,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Spiffo the guiding racoon,With all the dlc it works as it should and the community is friendly and there are so many mods for this game but it lacks a Linux build for the game as the makers of the game use code avaible only  to Windows and Mac OSX. With good support community and modding tools you can get far with your game
76561198127292762,Not Recommended,313160,17100414,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,scorpio4565.pb,"Game was working great as my CPU can handle the game,but last update did something and now my save games  juts sit and try to load,and they wont hope it gets fixed soon."
76561198113704925,Recommended,313160,21988767,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,T1mPa,good game
76561198147810584,Recommended,313160,22210609,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[LUX] mauriceanderson1939,Love It alot will play it forever
76561198066993906,Recommended,313160,22217560,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Slåtta,"It's a overall good game, i have enjoyed it so far, but you can't really have a game about agriculture and forestry without John Deere and some skidders, we really need John Deere and skidders"
,Recommended,313160,22217870,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CraftingToybox,The game is fun but it is hard to join multiplayer games on pc
76561197976882474,Recommended,313160,22176300,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sean,Significantly better than going outside and dealing with people.
,Recommended,313160,22189847,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JD hog bo&luke duke,its a great game but spike lagsand i have brand new computer
76561198208945577,Recommended,313160,22172151,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,justicedogue,this game is very fun and its even funner multiplayer its worth it
76561198040921378,Recommended,313160,22186095,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mr. Pink,"This is a great game to play by yourself, even though you can play with others.  When playing with others, its generally a rule that if you're on their farm, you obey their orders, and vice versa.FS15 doesn't have a lot of action and is meant for people with a lot of patience.  However, if you're bored and don't feel like playing something that gives you adrenaline, then this is great.  It takes a lot of time to make a good farm and get all the machines and tools you need to do everything, but it feels rewarding once you do.I get bored of playing after a while, but I eventually come back, and start a new farm, and/or download a new map.  There are tons of mods you can download off the internet to make the game more exciting and/or easier.I usually like playing this game when I feel like I want a break from RPGs and shooter games.... especially when I'm raging! :)  It's a pretty calming game to play."
76561197985297096,Recommended,313160,22153972,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tran455,"Fun game, very good graphic and all. But AI definitely needs some tweeking.I hired a worker to help with plowing a field and he got stuck by a tree. Kind of annoying at time.Beyond that, the game is fantastic."
,Recommended,313160,21929671,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MarshiePu,Possibly the only fun farming sim on Steam.
76561198281768838,Recommended,313160,21957721,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,cavalier0366,Why is it every time i save the game then reload it the next day all my tractors and animals  are gone then i have to start over its getting sickening to play it anymore.
,Recommended,313160,21976323,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Rooster_NZ,Excellent game and very addicting.
76561197991103051,Recommended,313160,21964348,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Puddle,What am I doing with my life. I could have done something else... but I didn't.I played this.... for 10 hours.Who am I?Mother? Father?
,Recommended,313160,22109242,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Chefticles,"Farming SImulator 2015 is an odd game, if you can call it a game at all.  As a child I was absolutely obsessed with anything that made a big noise, had wheels and...well was big, and did stuff.  Farming Simulator 15 taps into all of that giving you a sandbox of farming toys to play around with.  What you do with the tools at your disposal, is entirely up to you and I think thats what many mainstream publications fail to understand, hence the low critic reviews.  Farming Simulator 2015 isn't really a game, it's a silicon toybox of farming machinery and should be treated as such.  It really is like emptying your toybox on the floor and making a game of what is in front of you....I love it!"
76561198116826713,Recommended,313160,13310135,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RONDOLLMAN,game is faaaabbbuuullllooouuuussssss
76561197995291570,Recommended,313160,21595415,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,leslie chow,if only farming was this easy in real life....but good game
76561198281676299,Recommended,313160,21591904,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,anthonystegos,Can the people who made the game please add an farmall240 and a ford with a camper and a john deere lawn mowerand can u add a ford f550.
76561198035302854,Recommended,313160,21629036,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,biomess,great game.
,Not Recommended,313160,21606144,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Punamanita,"Not a game to enjoy farming, just a game to make money and buy bigger tractors as you get along. Disappointed."
76561197998957826,Recommended,313160,21596911,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Frogmeister,"it makes you to stop for a min, and see really what makes this country grow from  the backbone of every farmer lives that makes us to give god the glory and thank him for another good crop and another good year. I highly recamend it from the smallest to the oldest. The mods are really cool also somthing new just about every week.It is good to see a game LIKE THIS INSTEAD OF where all you do is KILL each other and act like a fool, where the talk is good and clean and down to earth with good clean fun like raising food and animales. Thank you Giants for oneGREAT GAME. One game that every boy and girl should have on their ps game, pc game or xbox game.   GOOOOO GGIIAANNTT!"
,Recommended,313160,21650459,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jackswood2324,"This is a very high quality game, few bugs and well engineered. Note: G29 Doesnt work yet"
76561198226933232,Recommended,313160,21608444,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,beeverdude119,"Great simulator, Still addicted now.I like this game because although it doesnt give you and tasks to complete you easily set your own goals to achieve and it will take a very long time to buy everything in the game and master all the different things you can do.I just wish I could earn money faster tob uy more news things all the time."
,Recommended,313160,21616581,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Totohurteau,"Great game, i would recommended it for anyone who like farming equipement or wood loging."
76561198074720971,Recommended,313160,21701667,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,Driving at 10 kmph in a straight line back and forth over a wheat field for 15 hours was surpsisingly rewarding. But I want the bull plow !!!
,Recommended,313160,21712316,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,♡ NeoNNNN ♡,"8,5/10"
,Recommended,313160,21708370,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jedna,plant the weed man........
76561198280594720,Recommended,313160,21717350,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,hgraffunder,god
,Recommended,313160,21717816,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SimeonFalstaff,Top class Sim game very realistic and worth every penny
76561198285257496,Recommended,313160,21756231,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,barjooos,nice
76561198116536898,Recommended,313160,21756514,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,theRadCW,"It seems as if FS15 is just a remake of FS13, with updated store and a few other improvements. Equipment getting dirty is cool, although the washing part is a little simple (hold the pressure washer on one spot on the equipment and it cleans the whole piece).  Not a huge selection of tractors, planters, cultivators, or semi-trailers. But they have added a few things that were needed (larger combines and headers, semi, pickup, balers). The whole forestry part is a little hard to use, but adds a respite from regular farming. Overall not bad, plenty of mods available to make up for the shortcomings in the base game."
,Recommended,313160,18130598,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,JR,"A good game, can be a bit boring unless you play with some friends. Top traktor banter!"
76561198199114535,Recommended,313160,21757522,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Blue Infinity,"For starters, Its a pretty good game. This is my first time playing any of the Farming Sims. I bought the Gold Edition. I was very much impressed with how much you got with Gold Edition. After 13 hours of beng playing FS15 I went and bought the HOLMER Pack, Then realizeing that I had to wait tell the 10th of march. I really did not give a hoot about that, But it was well worth it.Pros:-Buying Gold edition is worth it, you get more items to play with.-Buying Gold edition makes it more easer to farm.-------------About the standerd FS 15-----------------Graphics are very good (On Very High, High, and Meduim.)-Controler and Steering wheel support. (Thank you Giants, Nividia, and Focus Home Interactive)-Pretty maps-Addicting-Lots of farming-Able to swich bettween Tractor, Haverster, ect by pressing tab (Must know, your welcome)-Lost of brands-Plenty of diffrent ways to make moneyCons:Note: I did not find many cons.-When you hirir a worker, they tend to run into trees if there isnt anuff space-If you have a low end gaming laptop/pc If you trun on lights it will freeze the first or second time.-When you swich tractors, ect when you get into a game, you will freeze with a low end Laptop/PC.Thats pretty much it. Over all I rate 9/10. Hope this helped!"
76561197968448642,Recommended,313160,21755102,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,travisraines89,"Overall, this is a great game.  I've been a fan of simulation games for as long as I can remember, and this type of simulation, while rather weird, is incredibly fun.  I never thought that I would be interested in a farming video game.  From what I've read, the game requires a seperate purchase to run dedicated servers.  So, if your into multiplayer, and wish to host your own server for you and your friends, you'll end up having to purchase another copy of the game.However, overall amazing game.  Graphics alone are stunning, but require a LOT of power and a high end machine to run on higher settings."
76561198285437836,Recommended,313160,21769880,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,osbornenathan,why wont it open when i want to play it
76561197984720520,Recommended,313160,21770021,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BEST_MW,Awsome game :). Closer to reality ....
,Recommended,313160,13696730,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mackintosh,"Someone asked in the official forums, whether this game was worth the money, here are my thoughts on it...On one hand, I feel the game lacks polish and is rather glitchy. It has very little in way of optimisation. The visuals are hardly anything to write home about. The in-game physics engine is poor and it shows. I am told this is supposedly a marked improvement over previous iterations. I can either laugh or shake my head in bewilderment at this revelation. The gameplay balancing isn't any good either. Once you get to a certain income level, there's not enough variety in hardware. You'll end up using the same tools over and over again. I suppose this is very much in line with reality. It would have been nice to have more toys to play with though. This is a game, after all. Of course I could go out and download 100 mods to fill the gaps. Mods that are mostly of inferior or downright bad quality with realism bordering on fantastical.On the other hand, I have over 240 hours in-game.I'm either a glutton for punishment, or this game really is that good at scratching an itch I never thought I had. Neither do you. But I bet you have that tingling sensation creeping up."
,Recommended,313160,21319373,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Albertass,10/10
,Recommended,313160,19410091,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BIBOVERMILION,Nice Game
76561198118683647,Recommended,313160,21321483,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,xDeckOfJokersx,Nice game.
,Recommended,313160,21323307,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TG,Is real fun yo
,Recommended,313160,21327550,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Alan,This is the perfect game for relaxation after a long day at work/school.
76561198065947581,Recommended,313160,21211156,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Prime Minister Pancakes,Do you ever want to experience the extreme addiction of Heroin without the life crippling side effects? Then this is the game for you! once you harvest your first field you will never want to stop. At first you will just play casually then you will start watching Youtube videos about mods. Next thing you know you will have a hard drive filled with mods you dont even use anymore. All in all I give it a perfect 5/7.
76561198006489992,Recommended,313160,21329878,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Captain Australia,"Delightfully, compellingly, interestingly boring."
,Recommended,313160,21310188,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vux,Surprisingly fun. Amazingly fun with a good group of friends all working together on a farm.
76561198272366063,Recommended,313160,21312384,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,primelooper,Wow its just so addicting and works great.
76561198085839876,Recommended,313160,21308567,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,A_Goomba_Killer,
,Recommended,313160,21315203,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Palpatine,"this game is like working on a farm, unpaid"
76561198002569268,Recommended,313160,21314522,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Coast Guard,great game buy it.
76561198118801735,Recommended,313160,21314602,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Psychotic Oz,underated
76561198176064397,Recommended,313160,21224275,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Suluranit,"Fun, relaxing, same as all simulators I have played!"
76561198141112287,Recommended,313160,21235111,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Smartrucker12,Great gameTo play with friends who dont have this game on steam make sure you both have the same version of the game. You can get the updates from the officale farming sim website. #Great game made better with mods
,Recommended,313160,21240089,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,KingNyan,"This. Game. Is. Addicting.Im not really sure how working a boring job in a game is fun but it is.If you like simulators or farming this game is a must.(P.S. Wheel support is terrible, I have a logitech g27 and eventually gave up and switched to my keyboard. There is too many buttons to map and you cant use a crane)"
76561198190857891,Recommended,313160,18712824,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Styric,It said it was cross-platform but  i cant figure out how to connect it to my ps3. any help?
76561198173729795,Recommended,313160,20548723,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Your New Homie G,Finnaly figured IT OUT why did the chicken cross the road? To get run over by a tractor with a trailer full of corn.
,Recommended,313160,20550802,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,weluv2camp,Its amazing i totally recommend it its got awesome graphics i have a windows 8 laptop / HP It runs nicley all the mods i downloaded Totally worth the 90 $ I paid added on about 100 Mods still runs amazing ly
76561198075106015,Recommended,313160,20552174,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Taiylor Wallace,"This game is my guilty pleasure. Simulators get a bad rep, but this is probably the best-made thus far. The only problems I've had thus far are with the trees (other than firs) being totally in the way and hard to move considering the Scorpion King machine doesn't cut them. I could drag them away with the Buffalo, but it's not so great. Aside from some very particular controls that take a little practice to get used to, it's very user-friendly. Logging is pretty damn fun and well-done, and the difficulty of the controls and the accurate weight physics make it a realistic challenge. It's very rewarding. It's not hard to upgrade to better machines in general thanks to the addition of new animals and greenhouses. My favorite is the bee house that pays for itself quickly and makes money fast enough to add more until you're breaking even on your bills daily, then you really start making money on your farm. Baling is still hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ though."
76561198057808932,Recommended,313160,20609513,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Millingtonross,"Farming Simulator 2015... Oh yes...FS15 is the best simulator of 2014 and better than FS13.If you like tractors and feeding the world but only pretend lol.Mod community is big, might even be bigger than ETS29/10"
76561198122710963,Recommended,313160,18744079,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[HD]-Tuneboy - Mellow,♥♥♥♥ det er 29
,Recommended,313160,20531879,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Profile Invalid,alot of people say simulator games arent fun.... i decided to give it a try and now im addicted. buy this game NOW!
76561198126364495,Recommended,313160,18901200,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CASEIH FAN,very education.
76561198163934746,Recommended,313160,20003895,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kappy,Somebody wants to go multiplayer and talk over steam skype or teamspeak and ill split money to :)
76561198202372143,Recommended,313160,20044658,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Changpu,reccomend this game really godd game and the moddable content avaliable is awsome
76561197993288786,Recommended,313160,20047496,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Invest,I like the part where you could delegate others to work for you. But except for that: I have never felt more like a slave in my life.Good game for people that like being a farmer.
76561198158829424,Recommended,313160,20049034,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,goble.dakota,wont work for me if anyone can help that would be nice
76561198208135732,Recommended,313160,20045974,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,malik4020,"If you've bought and played Farming Simulator 2011 and 2013 like I have, this game is a welcome improvement. From what I've seen, it combines the advantages of both previous games into 1. One of the great options for this game is that you can turn off plant withering to make the experience like that of 2011, whereas 2013 had no option to disable withering. Sure, having crops that last forever isn't realistic, but in my opinion it makes the gameplay easier, since you can harvest whenever you want. If you want to be realistic, turn the option on. This is one of my favorite options.Additionally, this game has nice aesthetics - new menu designs, (finally) an in-game full screen map, etc. Everything has a modern updated look, and while some menus were moved around, it is for the better. The interface is far better than that of 2011 and 2013.While I never cared about the vehicle physics and animations, it is pleasant to see that they are much more realistic now. The vehicles don't bounce around nearly as easily, and the harvester now actually looks like it's harvesting the crops, not just making them disappear.Another great feature is the ability to cut trees in this game. The developers did a thorough job with adding all the necessary equipment, from the chainsaws, to the wood chippers, to the stump removers, to the tree planters. All very well done. It might be tedious at first when learning forestry, but give it some time and you'll be an excellent logger!The maps themselves in this game are great. Unlike the previous 2 games, this one comes standard with 2 different worlds to farm in - along with an extra world with the Gold edition. You can choose to farm in all of them, or just focus on 1 world according to your taste. 1 of the worlds is very dense, with lots of trees and smaller fields, whereas the other is more open, with HUGE fields all around.This is easily the best Farming Simulator game yet. If you want to have an enjoyable experience farming, this is the game for you! Some might complain about some of its unrealistic aspects, but it honestly makes the game more enjoyable. It would be boring if everything was absolutely life-like."
,Recommended,313160,20036013,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Infedible,Love this game!
,Recommended,313160,30664178,Posted: 21 March,all,KingSwish,farm!
,Recommended,313160,19058984,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Spark1455,Best game ever.
76561198123049713,Recommended,313160,20056369,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,t_delahunt,i've been playing farming simulator for years; since it's inception. i never tire of it1
76561198031704626,Not Recommended,313160,20057699,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SlurmsMcKenzie9,"Was fun for awhile but then you realize all you're doing is driving a tracker to the drop off then back to farm. Repeat for hours I guess? Few will love, most will wonder ""why?""."
,Recommended,313160,20124748,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[TDA]Willemde20,Nice game i am played it a lot op ps3 now on pc it is better than ps3 becoase of mods
,Recommended,313160,20119612,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RebelBubba,Played this game on Xbox and is was ok but now that I have been playing it on the PC it is awesome with all th Mods and community help.
,Recommended,313160,20118532,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,X80_Pr0t0 (No.2),Funny little game to play when im bored
,Recommended,313160,20115115,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Guolis,"Really good game, I enjoy."
,Recommended,313160,20098971,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Muscovy,Where am I? Who am I? FarmFarmFARM
,Recommended,313160,20116277,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Train Driver #47,"I can't put my finger on what exactly makes me want to play and what keeps me hooked, but I've clocked up 40+ hours of Farming Simulator in a short period. There's something therapeutic about cruising up 'n back a paddock in a tractor or harvester.Gameplay is a bit clunky at first, but soon enough you'll be pondering your programme of plowing, sowing, spraying and harvesting your fields! Need a bigger tractor ... need a bigger harvester ... need more fields ... need a bigger tractor ... and so it sucks you further into the addictive farming cycle.Whilst I haven't tried out any mods yet, it's nice to know that there's a very healthy modding community around the game.Hours and hours of fun. 7.5/10"
76561198262852813,Recommended,313160,20130004,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I Suck At RL,i really do recommend buying farming simulator 15 it is worth the money!
,Recommended,313160,20133121,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Corey Offen,Best Game ever
76561198068143637,Recommended,313160,19887132,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Das Hummel,"Initial Review:Pros:1. The pricing is pretty realistic.2. Being able to speed up and slow down time is a critical aspect of this game. Without the time controls, the game would be virtually unplayable.3. I really like the ability to sell at various places.4. I love how the automated traffic doesn't yield for the farmer. This is potentially the most realistic part of this game. IRL, and in game, they don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥if you are driving a half a million dollar Combine, in game speak a harvester, they are going to keep on driving down the road.5. I like how you can play for like an hour and log off. It is very nice not to have to marathon this game.Cons:1. The controls take time to adjust to.2. No wildlife. Where are the pesky field mice that climb up your pants legs? Where are the huge field snakes that have been gorging themselves on the field mice? Where are the barn cats, the wild turkey, the deer, the birds, the other misc. critters?3. No hunting or fishing, basically the game lacks in side activities.4. There should be the option to toggle certain real life hardships, in order to make the game more realistic and challenging: The equipment never breaks, there are never 'acts of God' that ruin the harvest, there is no need for crop rotation, there are no pests,etc."
76561198103946911,Recommended,313160,19909581,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Plane445,Awesome game... I play this when I am not able to work on our real farm.. Haha.
76561198240922762,Recommended,313160,19980802,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,coreye07,please make it full controller. i cant use the keyboard tdue to finger injury and want to play!!
,Recommended,313160,19950688,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xevro,"Welp m8, would rate this 8/8 after I went on a d8.Jk, but ferreal, really fun game."
,Recommended,313160,19926448,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ubitmoosie,"One of the best games I have ever played. Seriously. If you want a LAG FREE farm sim, obviously this is the best choice. 100000000/10!"
76561198271790026,Recommended,313160,20188033,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MichaelsMK5,this game is fantastic
76561198168080275,Recommended,313160,20181720,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,peter8832_Hellcase.com,okay spil
,Recommended,313160,21396016,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Broski_Alfa,Wasted $50 cause friend. Farmed potatos. Drove though ghosts. Told another friend to waste $50.10/10 would swindle again
,Not Recommended,313160,12871903,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rob5251,"After playing this game for a while, taking a long break, and coming back to it I can easily say this game is not worth it.Single player isn't too bad for the most part if you can deal with a few bugs.Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing attrocious though, and is still as bad as it was on launch. The entire server has to PAUSE for data to sync, and when you have multiple people joining/leaving this game might as well be called Loading Screen Simulator 2015.Overall I would not recommend wasting money on this!"
,Recommended,313160,21386492,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,patrolcats,Awesome!
76561198160141263,Recommended,313160,21384087,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,★ ...,funny ;)
76561197978706193,Recommended,313160,19730933,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Grouch,Kills brain cells faster than paint thinner.  Great stuff.
76561198272537167,Recommended,313160,20065571,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lewisnorfolk8,I recommend this game for all ages. It is a very peaceful FUN game!
,Recommended,313160,20211107,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,B0$$ Ubukate,Cool beans !    ;)
76561197998912657,Recommended,313160,20211504,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,New Home SUCKS!,Good game.
76561198241091264,Recommended,313160,25241530,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TJCHARGER124 csgopeanut.com,Fun Game with mods my fave map is thorton
,Recommended,313160,25242252,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,THAT ONE MEME,first thing  with logging in the game you can now deforist the ENTIER MAP like no jokesecond NEW TOYS yes new tractors and thingsthird its faking  fun
,Recommended,313160,25202710,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sn3glZ1ll4,"I first played this game at Comic Con back in 2015, and I wasn't impressed. However, I bought the game just to see if it would peak my interest, sitting in the comfort of my own home, and not in a big convention center. After quite some time playing this game, I am hooked. Currently I am rocking six fields, and my operation continues to get bigger, and my tools and machinery gets even better as well!Pros:GraphicsVarietyPlayabilityCons:It takes up a LOT of your time - so much, in fact, that you end up playing for a day straight!Overall, a solid game, that I would recommend to everyone who likes simulation games"
,Recommended,313160,25191567,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sw3etyLV,nice game !
76561198069885920,Recommended,313160,25066735,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,aX!o,"This was my first experience playing a farming simulator so I don't have much to compare to, but I got hooked pretty good.Game play is a bit mindless but very addictive. I wish there was more depth to things like livestock and what you can do with the crops. I would love to see the workers actually doing other things and be able to be set to work more independently. There is a pretty good variety of things to buy in the shops, but a game like this needs way more in my opinion. Wish there was a modding community directly on Steam Workshop. Mods definity make this game more enjoyable. I'm looking forward to seeing what they do in future installments."
76561198018464554,Recommended,313160,25067266,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[L.K.C.] Master Ringo,"As some one who lives on a farm I have loved this series of games. I frist started when I found FS13. FS15 got better with some of the things they added like forestry equipment and graphical effects. I can't wait tell FS17 Comes out to see what the do with that but for now if you have not tryed these and think you might like to take your hand to driving big tractors and farming the fields Farming Simulator 13,15 and soon 17 are definitely a most try."
76561198082798167,Recommended,313160,21837652,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,[GFGN] Grim,its farming sim its fun with friends
76561198271960211,Recommended,313160,30729142,Posted: 25 March,all,ripboss,This is the best game ever i love this game and besides that point i also love to farm too!!! I think if you get the chance u should deffinately get thsis game. (Farming simulator 2015)
76561198217406864,Recommended,313160,21858325,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,herizo09,very aesome game
,Recommended,313160,21864264,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Garciat427,awesome farming simulator for when you want to farm up!
76561197985992436,Recommended,313160,21809470,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DgD-taterpicker,Great game dont have anything bad to say about it worth the money on or off sale
76561197981356948,Recommended,313160,21809605,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[OFAW] Turbo,"The best of the series so far for sure. Still icky annoying things about the game though. Some things come with no tutorial so christ knows how i farm sugar beet etc, no real intro on forestry so no idea where to start there.Still annoying skipping between vehicles with tab but not being able to know which one is next or to cycle backwards. No real keymap that is accessable in-game further makes things tricky..Moments of ""ok why will this not dump its load here even though it has a trailer icon"" are still here until u figure out the map key/points for certain things only at certain sale points.Graphics etc still awesome and not many glitchy things physics wise, still a few tractor 100ft in the sky issues or dropping a front weight only for it to fall over and never be able to be picked up again.All in all it's a great game however if a first timer u will be scouring utube tutorials from the community.Oh as for DLC.... I find DLCs pretty rich especially asking the entire game price (on sale) for one of them!"
76561198018452697,Recommended,313160,21930573,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kahless,"I think it is a pretty neat game, it runs good on my computer excepth for when I turn the lights on , it will crash ,  so  I try to remember not to use the lights  and I save the game when I get done doing something , I wish there was a part like when you choose a place to play you could do the saw milling trees ,  I have not yet made enough money to do that , I wish they would do a update that would let you borrow the money from the game bank , so one could do the tree logging  stuff. Maybe if they do a farming 16 they would also have more  machines and tractors , maybe  like the person could choose to be a samll  farmer , or maybe just pig farmer or chickens  and eggs , I do like it and I like the way you can speed the time up and slow it down to real like time it gives one time enough to do combineing , I like watching the crops get ripe , I think one should try it, I use to work on a farm . This is fun for me."
76561198022978396,Recommended,313160,21934922,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sancryst Krystlmyst,Love this game since the first ones. Gameplay is smooth and the graphics are great. I have tons of mods for this with little to no slow down. Great game to waste time with!
,Recommended,313160,21948885,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dashdapieeater1001,1. When I enter the game Harvest Crops2. I said i had a Better place to a guy that has 100k cash3. choped all of his tress down4.got ban5. would farm all of there stuff up again10/10
,Recommended,313160,25207373,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Aldo Raine,Very good game. Would defenitely buy fs 17 :)
76561198180028689,Recommended,313160,25197560,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Vaping Jewish Harambe,Make sure you have a computer better than the required specks. My laptop was slightly better than the required and it could not handle this game. The game seemed great and fun from the small amount of indulgence I had.
76561198181119514,Recommended,313160,15441047,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MacKdOg,I've always loved farming games. Growing up on a farm and having lived the life it's kind of nice to have a game that emulates some of the excitment. The equipment detail in FS2015 is greatly improved from recent rollouts of the game. The only dislike I have about the game is that all the field work equipment is is really tiny in size. They need to make the implement size a little more realistic and go to some of the modders to rework the terrain to make it more realistic. Other than that the game is really fun to play and I've spent hours upon hours playing.
76561198269527053,Recommended,313160,24844028,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheLastGoat,Super
76561198080291756,Recommended,313160,25254089,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cpt Buttercup,I don't know why this game is so addicting...
,Recommended,313160,25201170,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,zacerz,absolutly amazing game for anyone who likes farming
,Recommended,313160,25247669,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DONNCHADH_ZA,"So,Start the gameSell all vehiclesSet time scale to 120xBuy Solar panels to generate passive incomeLet game run in backgroundBuy more solar panelsLet game run in backgroundBuy Wind Turbine for 4000 USD per hourLet game run in background....End Result, generating millions per day, farming is no longer profitablebuy all vehicles, buy several trucks and trailers park trucks on trailers and then trailers on trailersand the try park trucks on trailer truck trailers as high as possible, eventually break the game.10/10 i'd be a billionaire in real life if i could use the same principle"
,Recommended,313160,27858735,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Redzutzuu,The best farming game!
,Recommended,313160,18436533,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Guy (Kolby),"Best simulator game to me, Im very proud to be a owner of this game ."
,Not Recommended,313160,27768336,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mrs. Thief,Doesn't explain things well enough. could be a lot better.
76561198103282757,Recommended,313160,27820819,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stoney,"Like going to work... But you don't get paid real money.But seriously, good game if you like this type of thing."
,Recommended,313160,27783858,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,สมีกอล Gamdom.com,I'm the best famer in the worldPro-this game is the real farmer-you can keep doing farming-damn i love feeding animals-good graphicsCon-pedes in cities too still-need more active world
76561198197555335,Recommended,313160,27780608,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,keffco77,farming simulater 15 is fun with many animals and rideable machinary when i played all the money wich i got i spent on farm animals my friends used to get angryi enjoyed the tractors but i adored the animals i adore pets games wich has pets i am probably gonna bye but not just that i enjoyed playing the game though most of the time i was on clean up duty wich is when u clean the machines but i did get to use them and over all it was a really injoyable game this is why i nominate this game for best use of farm animals.
76561198279450848,Recommended,313160,27721374,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tylermiller,"I would give Farming Simulator an 4/5. I will start listing some positives:-Quality Graphics-Decent Gameplay-Quality sound-Easy to learn how to play-Simple Controls-Decent amounts of Detail-Nice AnimationsNow I will list some negatives:-No Workshop-Difficult to Mod-Not very many vegetable cropsThe reason I only give an 80% is because with no workshop it can be difficult to mod, and for someone not technologically savvy, it can be even more difficult. Another reason is it is not a great representation of life of a farmer. Yes, it covers faming very well, however that is absolutely it. A farmer who actually lived in the game would have a very depressing life. There is a house and community but you have almost no interaction to it.On the bright side, what the game does have, is very detailed and well thought out. Thats why its an 4/5."
76561197964796676,Recommended,313160,27606749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Viper90xt,Great game if you like simulation
,Recommended,313160,27713321,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,floidy,Really good game just to pass the time!Very relaxing. I hope the graphics in the next one are better as I think they could have been a lot better in this version.
,Recommended,313160,27755026,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,4verageGamer,"I didn't know what I was getting into when I decided to purchase this game. I simply bought it because it was on sale and my friend at work had been begging me to start playing it some time.I must admit, I was reluctant -- after all, it's farming...So, to start, the game is very inviting once you start it up. The opening sequence is high quality and the starting menu is easy enough to navigate and figure out. Once you start the game you can either follow the tutorial or get to work on your own.The graphics are very pleasing and can be very detailed at times, from dirt on the tractors to small details like factory decals, nuts and bolts and system lights.There are some physics in the game play which make driving tricky sometimes and you have to know how to distirbute the weight on your rig. There aren't many maps to choose from, but depending on your game style there are so many different ways to play!As you progress you can start upgrading your equipment: tractors, harvesters, trucks, trailers, mowers, et cetera. Upgrading and getting new equipment allows you to play with each piece and gets your hands into so many different components and styles of gameplay. Whether walking from tree-to-tree with a chainsaw or pulling your semi-truck to your next delivery you can experience every step of simple farm industry life.Like I said, I was reluctant, but this game is admitably one of my favorite guilty pleasures now. Whether planting a new crop, driving my tractor trailer, or shearing my sheep I always like to take a step back and admire the hard work I've done on my virtual farm and I appreciate the hard work and effort the company put into assembling such a fun and thorough game.For anyone who enjoys a game where they can relax and walk away occassionally and enjoy a little micro-managing every once in a while, I strongly recommend this game!"
76561198150469074,Recommended,313160,27751788,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Thecoolman23,Its ok.....
76561198304834680,Recommended,313160,27619737,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,reeceneed,ITS A VERY GOOD GAME!!!!
,Recommended,313160,27870659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ﻛgt. ﻛickness,"It's a farming sim.   You farm, and it sims.  It is good, gets boring after a while though.  Physics needs improving.  Nothing like hitting a small bump and watching all the logs you put on a trailer go flying in all directions.  It's enough to make one alt+F4.  Big modding community helps when the game becomes stale.  All in all it is a solid game despite some physics bugs."
76561198299951639,Recommended,313160,27845504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,_carry,bom jogo
,Recommended,313160,27688333,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ExpertStriker,Love this game
,Recommended,313160,27706463,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KERI,Game that you just Chill !
76561198315573362,Recommended,313160,27705421,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mynameisnotnoah,i like this game but you need mods or else it is very boring
76561198042510978,Recommended,313160,15298185,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dangermoose,"This is a triple A game, and an even better farming simulator. I had little to no interest in farming before picking this game up, I am now hooked!PROS+ Lots of equipment+ Lots of farming activities - animals, crops, logging+ Great modding community+ Scales well from beginner to advanced+ Plenty of areas to discover+ Few to no bugs+ Very 'zen'CONS- I'm struggling to think of any...- ..perhaps add TrackIR support & steering with the mouse (like Euro Truck Simulator)- Very addictive"
76561198057059941,Recommended,313160,14980810,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hensley,Very fun game. The strategys can vary. I am very happy with this.
76561197976227329,Recommended,313160,15042290,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lyt,"Very fun an addictive.  I'm always planting new crops and harvesting in my free time.  I've expanded more in htis one thatn in FS '13.The choice of machinery and vehicle seems a little lack luster compared to FS '13, but i'm hoping they release some more DLC soon.  The modding community is great and i'm currently using a few dozen machinery mods and soon will be playing with new map/enviroment mods hoping to boost my experience.I haven't delved much into logging yet, except to buy a chainsaw and get rid of a few tree's near my fields.  That's soemthing that Iplan to get into shortly, as with Potato harvesting.  Trying to build my capital right now to purchase new fields/equipment."
,Recommended,313160,15042587,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Agamemnom,if you want something to take your mind off whatever troubles you  this will do just that :)
76561197986729664,Recommended,313160,13315612,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Trapp,"just stable enough that i can recomend it, take care using mods they can really hit the stability of the game"
76561198004412781,Not Recommended,313160,15037679,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Cronicma,"I really enjoyed Farming Simulator 2013, and I was excited to play 15. But I really feel let down, this is so far from what I was expecting. What is different in this game? not a lot if you ask me. Besides the new ""forestry mode"", there is nothing new. I am not impressed with the new graphics, for me it is glitchy and framerates drop from time to time. The game is buggy, especially with the forestry stuff, just a nightmare to play.I have given this game multiple chances, and yet I am very dissapointed. Is this really the best you can do Giants?Well, not impressed..."
76561198023618720,Recommended,313160,15040037,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,dvstator,A good relaxing game
76561198115904033,Recommended,313160,17829220,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RossHD,Really fun for anyone who likes simulators
76561198151935734,Not Recommended,313160,17522776,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,WesleyLEvans,"okay so i downloaded the game and everything went well till i got into gameplay. the map is colored, pause menue, ineractive mennue, and main page, but the main screen is grren and grey. im not happy at all cuz i jusat spent $30 on it. untiill it gets fixed."
,Recommended,313160,17523484,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TMP35893,Amazing game... You can relax with friends and have fun!I love that you added forestry to the game!
,Recommended,313160,17526031,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Tobiwan,life = funfarm = funlife = farm
76561198147930149,Recommended,313160,17574916,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,McTaters,big toys to play with
76561198065629540,Recommended,313160,17373893,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Erik,Great farming game and a great time killer :D
76561198044458837,Recommended,313160,17375026,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Milcattra,"If your buying this for the logging you will find that the logging equipment is so difficult to use that its not fun. Just like the loaders in deomolition sim it wont grab anything without it falling out, GIANT really blew the logg equip. I have FS13 and 15 both are deffinatly the best farm sims BUT the logging in 15 SUCKS!!"
76561198006601941,Recommended,313160,17749566,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,LifeReapr,WHY CAN I NOT STOP PLAYING THIS GAME!!!!!!
76561198089483255,Recommended,313160,17472883,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Farmer Andrew 1586,the best farming game ever great job  giants i have nothing but good things to say about the game
76561198075840195,Recommended,313160,17475458,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Bladechaser,"10/10 fatastic game to play to while away the hoursover the years i have given serveral high lvl sim games a go , and ive definetly enjoyed them all.so when i downloaded farming sim to be honest i was dubious becase i have only ever played flight sims.i thought to myself how much fun can i really get out of a game that involves driving a tractor .. well after nearly 20 hours of non stop game play i can honestly say ... you can get ALOT of fun out of this game .. is easy to play .. but is also involved enough to engage your brain considering your best course of action..since playing the game ive found there to be a large modding community even one that has good ole english farms which i shall be trying in the futureso yes i would recommend this game definetly . and its great also because it works with an xbox 1 controller in the pc ..also as a side note .. ive never felt more relaxed washing a pretend vehicle as i do in this game .."
,Recommended,313160,28233996,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Asty13,"Bought this game on a whim. I like farming games, and the reviews were are pretty positive so I figured, why not?Definitely not disappointed so far. It's a very soothing, relaxing game.  You don't need to know the in's and out's of farming equipment like I originally thought; the tutorials are very basic and straight forward, and you always have small reminders of what each machine and equipment does. If you want a farming game that is very soothing and relaxing, then I definitely reccomend this!"
76561198269977916,Recommended,313160,28294038,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Yodamatt1,love it
76561198178108405,Not Recommended,313160,28285329,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Blbas,"Well, It can be fun for few hours, but after you played enough time to don´t be able to refund it, you realize, what have you done.... After 8 hours game time(like 3 hours in loading screen trying to solve the problems with connecting to your friend´s server, which you aren´t able to do) We tried like every troll start- woodcutting with the best efficiency of gaining huge amount of money, which is really unbalanced-the fun and hype quickly fell over, very bad step for me, money thrown away, probably won´t get them back, because farming simulator support is out for steam version and steam support just sends me auto message, because if you want to refund the game, you have to have 2 hours of gametime and less, otherwise you´ll get this depressing AUTO-message, also big - for steam support, it doesn´t work."
76561198094176863,Recommended,313160,28254812,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GLXY WETZELPRETZEL304,Love it
,Recommended,313160,28147133,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,JulTDM (IRON MAN),Really Good. Used to play with my friend. The Textures though. they suck. hope they get as realistic as FIFA 17 Textures! :D
,Recommended,313160,28129457,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Echo-Beatz,Great. Must have game if you love simulations
76561198017218939,Recommended,313160,28121116,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,kimruler,Smooth :yay:
,Recommended,313160,28110856,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,GGG,very life like
76561198024277963,Recommended,313160,28000990,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hmatt4036,Great fun relaxing game. lots of mods available.
76561198332776980,Recommended,313160,28052658,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,imre.saareleht,everything else seems to be ok but game stoppes after while unexpectedly
,Recommended,313160,28152567,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Daq Davis,"Delightfully zen.  A game I come back to time and again.  10/10.  A steal if you catch it on sale, but a fair buy at full price."
76561198143438625,Recommended,313160,28098225,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,InflexxionFx,HelloI buy this game and I want to play multi-playwhere I can get the password
,Recommended,313160,27400111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jbare3,I love Farming
76561198140816358,Recommended,313160,27374953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Featherblade,"Uses farm animals well... Also, not boring at all and the gold dlc map is quite nice."
76561198160904159,Recommended,313160,27557517,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheFuriousPigeon,So addicting and I don't know why
,Recommended,313160,15861687,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dakologen,awesome game. love it.
76561197963733572,Recommended,313160,16008846,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Poncho Cat Evo,I've Played Farming Simulator for 2010 to 15 now and Just So Great. My self and my Friend Can't stop playing..  we have our area's to watch and work.  just a Great Game 9.5/10   could use some tweets but they don't hurt the game :)
,Recommended,313160,16010967,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Gavalar,"Possibly one of the best simulators on the market. Farming Simulator 15 has a large array of tractor brands and two detailed maps. The further you get into the game, the more it becomes a management style game, as you can afford to hire workers to do most of the dull tasksPro's:- Great modding community, with thousands of mods- 2 great starting maps, with ability to mod more in- Lots of tractors to choose from as you earn more money- Much better graphics that 2013 versionCons:- Many tractors have bad handling and slide around-  Requires a lot of persistance when starting out"
,Recommended,313160,18792881,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MiningMark48,"Is a fun game, allows you to experience the fun of farming. With the modding community, it allows further expansion of th game itself."
,Recommended,313160,18834883,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gh0st,"Currently, that's the best simulator game, that i've ever played.Really good mix of gameplay and graphics. Beautiful and interesting.Different levels of difficulty can help people find whatever they want:easily spending few hours relaxing or managing agrocompany in hardmode.Different amount of tools, harvesters and vehicles with high level of details makes this game really exciting.Mod support is awesome - makes game more realistic.Would be great to have animated getting in/out of vehicles, but that's minor. Hope would be included in future games.Thanks for a great game, guys. Can't wait for Farming Simulator 17 for PC. Good luck."
,Recommended,313160,27937435,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DJDAN,This game seems like it would be stupid and boring but is very enjoyable and great with a controller!
76561198072604376,Recommended,313160,27949393,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crysty,Nice
76561198254212602,Recommended,313160,28032134,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheBeerGamer,"You work all day, then you come home get on this and start work all over again."
76561197970695485,Recommended,313160,27562624,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,=TNZ=CircuitBoy,:) yay lol
76561198057653360,Recommended,313160,33038972,Posted: 30 June,all,gris379,Takes a while to learn the ropes but very addictive once you get into it. I never thought I'd spend so many hours tending to virtual fields!
,Recommended,313160,33356202,Posted: 7 July,all,Emotional Hamster,"Yes, the game is more about rushing, and not about strats like Farming Simulator 2017, but if you have a bunch of friends, then buy this game all together and enjoy it, as you can really have a lot of fun in it. AND its on Summer Sale right now so grab it and enjoy!"
76561198101166055,Recommended,313160,33290814,Posted: 5 July,all,SuperNinjaKid,THIS A GOOD GAME
76561198299986506,Recommended,313160,33290926,Posted: 5 July,all,Hentai 変態,Great game just needs mechanics like fs 17 and it will be complete
76561198154462769,Recommended,313160,33288269,Posted: 5 July,all,Remittingtech28,this game is good
,Recommended,313160,33284597,Posted: 5 July,all,aleks 先輩,"Very optimised game, good joob Giants.10/10"
76561197993345027,Recommended,313160,25373167,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,๖ۣۜFire,Great game and fantastic to play with my little guy on my lap.
,Recommended,313160,20971877,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,★ Duck ★,"This game is awesome! One of my favorite games. If you like simulator games, then buy this!"
76561198151823347,Recommended,313160,21372144,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jimbo,"Great Game, thought I was just going to sit in a combine for the entire time but I was wrong. Mods on this game are good"
76561198184537938,Recommended,313160,32880590,Posted: 27 June,all,TrAze,If you like simulation games you should try this game
,Recommended,313160,22067300,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MisterYoda,"everything is AWSOME!!!! this game is my #1 steam game! keep on the good  work, GAINTS!"
,Recommended,313160,27258300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bucket of Chicken,"Pros:-Fantastic modding capabilities-Realistic machinery-DEVELOPER WHO KNOWS HOW DLCs SHOULD WORK-Choose your fancy of activity-Start slow, end strong-Never endingCons:-Physics engine is not good at anything above 20m/h (32km/h)-Logs are the most tedious thing (another physics engine complaint)-Takes a lot of play time to really understand what tools can attach to what vehicles-Not the most clear tutorials on buying, selling, feeding animalsOverall:I love this game because it is a simulator I enjoy playing on a regular basis. There is something so nice about keeping a schedule of harvest in the morning, mow in the afternoon, fertilize in the evening. It's nice to get a routine and make lots  of $$$ doing it.8/10"
,Recommended,313160,32955494,Posted: 28 June,all,Ryu Senshi,One of the most realistic farm simulators you will ever see. The new engine is outstanding. Very fun game if you into Farming sims.
,Recommended,313160,19227684,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dan,"Great game, lots of action. Multiplayer enhances the game even further with the enjoyment of having your friends play at the same time. Public and private servers can be hosted via the in game client, or for larger player slots dedicated servers can be rented out for a fee (per month or year). Met many good friends through this game who also share the same passion for the game, but wouldn't decide to make it a career job."
,Recommended,313160,28700454,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,VeganChops,"DETAILED.  It is amazing how detailed this game can be.  If you are playing for the single-playe mode then I highly recommend the CoursePlay mod to make the experience even better and more customizable.  Definitely not a game for someone who doesn't enjoy the idea of running a farm as at times it can get frustrating trying to deal with all the controls.  I imagine the game becomes easier if you have the steering-wheel controller, but seemed to heavy of an investments for my needs.  Overall I would recommend if you enjoy the idea of managing a farm with in depth detail."
,Recommended,313160,28727850,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,A Lemon Named Duck,"After seeing Farming Simulator 2011, but never bought it, I decided (a long long time ago :) )that I wanted to purchase FS15 to see if it can make up as others raved about it.But why? Well, Call of Duty 2 (+UO) was the last great shooter I played when I was somewhat quicker (yea, I invented Quickscope, yea...) I was searching for something a little more easy paced, FS15 is just that.But is easy paced easy played? No.......I probably don't need to tell you what this game does, and beeing an aspiring WOOFF'er (and my uncle had a farm) I always had some romantic connection on how food is put on your plate.Well, dispite beeing fake and digital, producing things that you'll need every day is kinda great. It is something different. An niche, the ""weirdo"" of video games, but that makes it just so great (yea screw over squeaky CoD players).And beeing an heavy user of mods, and this game officially supporting that, it is an dream.Combined with some popular mods of FS-UK,ModHoster and LS Portal (read: FollowMe/AutoTractor/AutoCombine/WheelLanes (Destructable Crops)), you can expand this game to great lenghts.You can spend literally hours playing and see your hard work paying up, which you can use to feed cattle is something quite satifactory.Before getting dreary I cut it off here.There is one note to keep in your head if you want to buy this game: hired help is TERRIBLE. Don't expect to automate an farm without the FollowMe/Auto...... mods"
76561198152132344,Recommended,313160,29063599,Posted: 6 January,all,fredfish88,I am having problems installing mods.Is there anyone who could help with this  Thankyou
76561198100777711,Recommended,313160,28946322,Posted: 2 January,all,Jack,the best game ever
,Recommended,313160,28957668,Posted: 2 January,all,ZOOM Blue,Really good game some unrealististic farm techniques but other than that it is awsome!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313160,28955986,Posted: 2 January,all,Zbig,"I like this game but I don't know why.I think humans have an instinct for farming after thousands of years of doing it, and the modern world leaves a gaping hole that this game fills."
76561198005656582,Recommended,313160,17818542,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tsanoc,"The game improved a lot between 11 and 13 in graphics, mechanics, and overall gameplay experience; 15 is more a refinement of what was added in 13 with a little more thrown in.That said, given that this is the 6th(?) title in the main series it's kind of depressing that there are still so few vanilla crops, no weed control or soil management, rudimentary livestock implementation, no real weather impact, and only monetary progression.They did add logging, but I have a few thoughts on that.- Physics objects (logs) have never been a strongsuit of this developer (though they have gotten significantly better between this and Construction Simulator than the previous releases.)-They did not package it as land-clearing or tree-farming, but as logging... in a farm sim... that doesn't have weeds yet.With the mod community at its back it is still the best option on the market and I look forward to the next release.  However, I am also in strong hopes that the competition will release something to kick Giants into action."
,Recommended,313160,31751696,Posted: 14 May,all,crazymanatuca,"It has grown on meI played FS13 for a long time before I decided to give FS15 a try. At first, I wasn't impressed, but the more I played, the more I enjoyed it. It has the forestry aspect added in that FS13 required mods for and it even allows you to chop down existing trees. I've cleared trees away from my fields to keep the hired hands from getting stuck on them. LOVE IT!!!"
76561198383084867,Recommended,313160,31807849,Posted: 17 May,all,Vishal,"Nice game. Not much realistic but still enjoyable. Good graphics, a little bit tricky for a new person.Only buy when you get discount on it. Happy farming :)"
,Recommended,313160,33055948,Posted: 30 June,all,Nr22 Bjorn,"Bought it for the meme, currently have 13+ hours in, and fell in love with this weird gem of a game. Like a funky high school sweetheart story where two really outlandish and awkward fellers just hit it off as a result of some rather unplanned and random event. Never did I think I would genuinely like a game about farming, but f*ck me apparently becuase it's my new addiction."
,Recommended,313160,33221723,Posted: 4 July,all,Jv,Best Game play.Playing With friends is very FunnyCOOP <3
76561198276719071,Recommended,313160,22794861,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,zzz,It's a good farming game for children are adults to learn what farming is but with mods
,Recommended,313160,28068411,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Thanmor,I LOVE IT
76561198165745769,Recommended,313160,26565552,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,WolfTonne,Hey i know this is not a review but i didnt know where else to put this. If anybody wants to join my farming sim file please comment i have over 50 hours played and i have over 3.5 million dollars please resond if u would like to play
76561198004700093,Recommended,313160,26302343,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Damech,many hours on this one
,Recommended,313160,28437329,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sajmonness,"Game Not Bad, But FS17... The Worse If You Buyed It Moments Before FS17"
76561198048524601,Recommended,313160,29169439,Posted: 10 January,all,Captain Gravy,"When i first saw this, I thought: How good can this game actually be? I never asked that question again. There is so much to do in this game, and along with the DLC and mods, you have an infinite amount of things to do."
,Recommended,313160,29259958,Posted: 14 January,all,PrimateCAM,Fun And Adicting Planing to get 2017
76561198309932483,Recommended,313160,29451836,Posted: 23 January,all,Kenny W.,I can't hear game volume anymore and it's not muted either
76561198188702305,Recommended,313160,29454861,Posted: 23 January,all,dubes75,Addictve and realistic. You won't see your kids for a week if you start playing😀👍👍👍
,Recommended,313160,29654529,Posted: 2 February,all,Mjjacobs97,"Fun and relaxing. This is alwaysss the game that I will turn to whenever I am just looking for something chill to play, it's relaxing and I never knew it could possibly be so fun to be a farmer! 8/10."
76561198252963916,Recommended,313160,29669220,Posted: 3 February,all,Nightwalker,Fun to play nice and relaxing
,Recommended,313160,29884587,Posted: 12 February,all,*WWK* BinqDesign,But i dont want to farm today!!!! ( every farmers morning thought.... )
76561198209483293,Recommended,313160,26219612,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Emails | CSGORoll.com,"Best FS game yet, love the game"
76561198089126832,Recommended,313160,31657420,Posted: 9 May,all,HuNteR,ya farm ya make bank make more money and farm
76561198220786844,Recommended,313160,31695873,Posted: 11 May,all,Labreenc,awesome game!
76561198058428312,Recommended,313160,31695991,Posted: 11 May,all,codystarslinger,"Never tought i would love a farming simulator, farming simulator is well worth it."
76561198320374534,Recommended,313160,31463281,Posted: 30 April,all,Jaco2010,it is good
76561198335307122,Recommended,313160,31515258,Posted: 2 May,all,Rajesh,this is a good gamep
,Recommended,313160,33700735,Posted: 21 July,all,Sry bro You had a Bad day,สนุกมาก
,Recommended,313160,33729994,Posted: 22 July,all,DemonicGamer,Its a good game the way it looks is good
,Recommended,313160,33756431,Posted: 23 July,all,Mozinor Président,"Farming SIMULATOR 15emphasis on 'simulator'. This is not a game, this is a simulator. This is like a real job : repetitive, pay is low, it's made of several small tasks that takes times. But it's FUN. Driving a 4 wheel loader to make $20k per bucket is the best !"
76561198371948315,Recommended,313160,33787642,Posted: 25 July,all,UnprisedDimond,One of the best farming/pc game
,Recommended,313160,26409988,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Porkdog, Bonzai",I love playing Farming simulator 15| THE DLC EXPERIENCE
76561198086407430,Recommended,313160,33837640,Posted: 27 July,all,Random Chance,"highly addictive, easy to win."
76561198107468905,Recommended,313160,24182718,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,genie,This is my most favorite game in the world. I play it with all my friends and we can all run it fine exept since I have an i7 core processer so I win but all my friends have crappy laptops and they can run fine. I give this game 20 stars out of five.
76561198329566250,Recommended,313160,34093229,Posted: 7 August,all,ben.em.zoe,"Awesome game. The details and accuracies of all the machinery surgests it's aimed at real farmers, not arcade gamers.Very active modding community means huge amounts of extra downloadable content (Ranging from rally cars to RV's, ATV's to Havesters, and 100's of tractors and impliments).With huge maps and plenty to do, it's highly addictive and highly recommended."
76561198133936926,Recommended,313160,34139433,Posted: 9 August,all,Jumpin Jesus On A Pogo Stick,i dont even know why i got this game but i kinda like it
76561198060636658,Recommended,313160,34354115,Posted: 19 August,all,Pvt. Wild [70th ID],"Farming Simulator 15Oh yes Farming Simulator 15 for 29.99 its kind of up there for price, but for me when I got it well worth the money. There is so much to do in this game that relates to farming its crazy. If you can think of it you can most likely do it in FS15.Alot of the time people wont to get money faster, but in this game keep in mind it takes time to get money. No one ever said farmers are rich people. One of the coolest things about the game is you can play online with your friends. One drall back to the game is that the AI sucks how so? You can hire Bots to cut your feild or plant it ect if one thing gets in there way they stop, and dont move it just pisses you off. If you are low on money all you have to do is1. save your game (remember what you save it under)2. exit out of game3. go to your Documents4. go to My Games5. go to FarmingSimulator 20156. go to careerSavegame (NOTE!!!) open in notepad7. Find where it says money8. put in how ever much you wont. It can be anything!!9. Save the doc10. open game and enjoy your hard earned money that you just made!!!Bottom line if you dont feal like cheating its fine the game is lots of fun and enjoyable.I give it a 8/10 simply because after sometime the game does get kind of boring doing the same thing over and over. I still play every once and awhile just not that much anymore."
,Recommended,313160,34159690,Posted: 10 August,all,Bloody6ones,4.5/5 it's good but when driving you can lose control fast
76561198357532838,Recommended,313160,34167881,Posted: 11 August,all,DavidSobie,"AMAZING!!!I think it's one of the BEST simulators out there. I really cannot wait to someday buy the 2017 version. I recommend this to all simulator lovers, it's one of the best out there!"
,Recommended,313160,34188894,Posted: 12 August,all,iamTheo,Didnt think i would like a farming game.That was 40 hours ago
76561198110563571,Recommended,313160,18554763,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GoldenLeo*-*,Is very cool this simulator have crazy mods  and nice 1st persons vehicles drives
,Recommended,313160,34918981,Posted: 13 September,all,Kengeri,good
76561198129847604,Recommended,313160,34950320,Posted: 14 September,all,shaggy9045,Fun game if you like simulators. Has all aspects of being a farmer from logging to animal husbandery. Definitely a time eater.
76561197996695198,Recommended,313160,34958074,Posted: 14 September,all,Genico,"So I'm not saying that this game is totally realistic or anything, but I've run out of duct tape and bailing wire to fix my tractor."
76561198055600881,Recommended,313160,20968096,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pee|a'/'£,It's a fun game to play with your frends
,Recommended,313160,35196528,Posted: 24 September,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"We had a lot of fun trattin'.Fun dried up soon as we figgered out that silage farming is game-breaking.We had every piece of equipment and everything bought that was possible in probably 8 hours.So we hit the ceiling of the game basically. With nowhere left to rise to, we quit.Had a lot of fun though."
76561198127090754,Recommended,313160,13673876,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,(ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐,"Looks alright, too complicated getting multiplayer working....not as simple as creating a game and having your friends join through steam.  Seems a lot like 2013, of you have FS2013 id say don't bother with this."
76561198303280069,Recommended,313160,35510711,Posted: 5 October,all,foxmcshark24,I love this gameI also love that you can get mods within the game.
,Recommended,313160,35504765,Posted: 5 October,all,Lobias,You can buy 200 litres of fuel for a dozen eggs10/10 would shop there again
