user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,313120,14166959,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,A Shadow Named Envy,"I feel, as the game stands, there isn't enough danger. I am fully aware that it is early days, but i'm also aware they're open to suggestions. I recommend the game as it stands, if you are happy funding development for a game that has SO MUCH potential, and a few solid hours of enjoyment in it's current state.Things i'd personally like to see:-Less sharks (they should be terrifying when encountered, dangerous depending on the species, and you shouldn't be able to swim as fast as them and kill them with your pocket knife. Get rid of that stupid music too, a shark attack should be unexpected, this isn't Jaws.)-You should be able to break your raft if you hit it with a sharp object... if you're stupid enough to attack your boat, you deserve to die.-More island variations: It feels that every island is 'roughly' the same size, and they're all spread out at equal distances... perhaps a few islands linked together, maybe a big island with cliffs (give an element to exploring the land as well as the sea).-Seabirds, with eggs that you can steal to eat!-Saltwater crocs (danger in the shallows and on the land)-A character screen: Being able to equip items would make this game so much fun, like piecing together some torn rags to help shelter your skin from the sun, or making a crappy little hat to help prevent dehydration. Also when you get the diving gear, it gives a chance to equip it/unequip it...-Blood: Having 'blood' to monitor might be interesting too, as cutting yourself could lead to unwanted attention in the water... you should be able to fashion bandages to stop the bleeding, giving a new element to your survival.-Sharp coral in the shallows (in some places). This will make you have to be careful where you come ashore, as you could cut your feet.-Clams-illness: I want the fact I don't have a shelter, and it pisses it down with rain, to kill me. Or if I cut myself and don't bother rubbing that one special plant on the wound, the infection to kill me.-Variations on underwater wrecks (big/small boats, war planes, a lost town which was swallowed by the ocean!?)-Rocks pools (with the crabs in them... instead of just randomly on the beach at 'crab nests') I hate the fact the crabs are so easy to find... this game needs to be about scavenging and surviving, not just sitting and cooking crab after crab.-All trees should be destroyable for wood.-Torches (as in a fire torch)-The ability to build bigger better rafts! Most the time you're traveling, until you find that one 'BIG' island, with the resources to survive, you need to travel, so why not be able to pimp your ride? A wind sail from palm leaves or a rudder from wood. Places to store supplies on rafts.-Bee/wasp nests (you need a torch/smoke to obtain the honey safely)-Scorpions/Snakes/Spiders: You'll have to be careful where you tread (also going back to clothing, you can fashion shoes from coconut husks to protect your feet)***Fires should be maintainable instead of having to make a new one each time (ALREADY IN)-More interactive surroundings: For example, I think bigger stones should be movable, so you can stack them to make walls. The starfish should be movable too,  so if you want to pick one up and throw it, why not?-More building options: I'm tired of this 'minecraft' style building option all games give... The shelters in the game look more like something the sims would offer. I want to see actual shelters you can build, cut two trees down, place them over the top of  a boat on its side for supports, lash together palm leaves for a roof - bam a shelter. For example, making the rope a 'pin' object would be interesting, so you can 'pin' two items together, and create your own shelters this way.-Schools of fish-Coral reefs-Great white sharks remade (bigger for one thing... and at the moment they look like they're from pixar films)-Cave systems to explore (both on islands and in the water)-Berries (eat them at your own risk, some are poisonous)-A diary-More options for various items (improved camp fires? for example, a camp fire 'pit' (requires stones, shovel and more wood).Basically, to sum it up, I feel the game lacks the survival and creativity it potentially has. I find myself sitting on a beach, cutting down a few trees, making a minecraft shelter and eating crabs for hours until I die (of boredom).I want to be creating rain catchers, building a tropical paradise (to some extent... when man has nothing, everything is a luxary) better shelters, exploring the ocean with dangers everywhere, having to build new rafts because I stupidly hit my first one with an axe to see if it would break it, fighting off wild animals left right and center."
,Recommended,313120,14212460,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Thirdrail,"Stranded launched with a major bug in the raft. That was Friday. On Tuesday, the devs showed up with the hotfix. Not only did they fix the raft, they improved and patched a whole laundry list of stuff. And added whales! Attentive and competent.Why is this the first thing I'm telling you about Stranded? Because it's Early Access, which means ""Dev Attentiveness"" is everything. I couldn't even think of reviewing this game until we'd seen them in action, at least once. Now we have seen them in action, and it was quite impressive. Not unlike the game itself.Stranded is a beautiful little shipwrecked simulator. It's very basic right now, but what's here is all well done, and they've got some clever ideas.Crafting, for example, forgoes the usual subscreen, and revolves around you piling up the materials on the ground, in physical proximity. Want a spit to cook by your campfire? You can't just build a spit and place it. You can only do it if the materials are right there, next to the fire. It's tactile. It's vaguely clunky, but it's very organic. You feel like you're really standing there, trying, like Robinson Crusoe, to forge a life out of sticks and palm fronds.The islands are another interesting design choice. They're very small, and fairly anemic. Sticks and rocks and Yuca twine. The vast majority of the game is actually out there, under the water, with the sharks. Old shipwrecks and reefs and lost containers and such. The sharks are scary. If you're from the ocean/shark phobia branch of unreasonable fears, like myself, you will find the sharks, and their obligatory accompanying obo (edit: piano) music, genuinely terrifying. The sum of all this is that you're in a hyper relaxing tropical island coconut eating game, but if you want to get anything done, you have to get in the water, and play an intensely stressful horror game with roaming bull and tiger sharks. Neat stuff.It's all gorgeous, as the screenshots suggest. You'd never know the title was indie, or early access, by glancing at it. I thought the whales were good news, not just because whales are cool, but because it shows us that these devs are invested in their wildlife. Anyone who's played The Forest can attest to how much a robust ecosystem adds to a setting like this one.At this point, I only have one major complaint, and that's the ocean. The ocean is too calm. It's beautiful, and the part where it has depth and you're constantly trying to figure out what's below you is amazing and immersive, but you're way off in the pacific someplace, and sea is calm as can be. Even the Gulf Coast of Florida has itty bitty waves. After the great rolling oceans of Assassin's Creed Black Flag, and the slightly less mountainous but still very rolling seas of this game's own indie cousin, Salt, the planar ocean of Stranded is like a dead rat in the punch bowl. In most games, it wouldn't matter so much, but the ocean is the star of Stranded; it rarely, if ever, leaves center stage. The fact that it is lifeless as a dish towel never stops feeling wrong.Aside from that, I can't think of anything to complain about. Had they not just introduced the whales, I would worry about the sharks being too large and scary, and wish for a wider variety of sharks, including all the relatively pleasant ones that fill the real oceans. (Back in the 70s, sharks hired Steven Spielberg as a PR guy, and it was kind of a disaster. It would be nice if Stranded helped them dig out of that, a little.) But, whales. There's probably all kinds of critters coming. If there are still no nice sharks a year from now, I'll come edit this paragraph.TL;DR - Great start on a shipwrecked simulator. Devs seem to care. All is beautiful. Oceans too flat. Sharks need friends. Safe to buy."
,Recommended,313120,14127404,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Draegast,"First Impressions (Will update with more experience later)Visually this game is breathtaking, Being that you're around water so often I can't help but abosolutely love the look of it, when you look into it from your raft you can see quite deep which feels very realistic when you're swimming total blackness is common and  a very scary feeling. The sense of exploration and adventure in this title is amazing, I often found myself needing a little courage before jumping in the water out of fear of tiger sharks or any of the other predators that lie about. Attention to detail is quite nice to, I killed a crab with my knife and then ate it to which I took damage (I'm assuming either by the shell or because it's raw) I love that this game doesn't hold you hand, it throws you on an island and you have to survive with expirementation. It gives you just enough helpful supplies to make your stay not impossible but not enough to make it easy. Even with only a couple hours of gameplay I can honestly say this game has much potential, I'm not saying it's good yet, that takes more time. But I am enjoying it.EDITCrafting: Ok I tested out some of the crafting aspects now and I can say at the start I absolutely hated the whole drop mechanism for crafting. Basically you bundle everything on the ground and then use items and tools to craft different things from the ground. After a while I really took a liking to it however, I'm not sure why but it feels realistic. If I was on a island I can't help but believe I would start gathering and sort my materials on the ground until I decided what I should do with them, although this isn't huge I really enjoyed this method of crafting. I also like that a foundation can be either a floor or a raft, let's face it, they're not much different just a bunch of sticks tied together, really great idea making both into one craftable item. Overall I really like the Crafting system.Fishing: I only fished for a short while but visually it's great, the fish stick to your spear and wiggle around a bit, feels very realistic (not that I go around stabbing fish).EDITSharks: Shark AI seems very decent. I decided to go out and try to fight one off and it was a very close fight, the movement is what I immediately noticed, they move like a natural predator where they will sneak in for a bite then go into the depths and come back in for another attack. They're also extremely weary of confrontation so if you start swining a knife at it it will swim away. Very nice could definitely be a bit more difficult though.Bugs: Currently theres a very annoying bug that will make you lose your raft in the middle of the ocean, this happened to me twice in a row where I had no choice but to swim to the island.Again will update with more info when I see it necessary.I know people dislike this and feel free to downvote if you agree. I have a series going on on my channel I uploaded my first impressions here (not much in terms of information just me having fun with gameplay)First Steps (Exploration and wonder)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJeUwF_sh5sFirst night (Crafting and fishing)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQXFusvgRck2nd day (Shark combat and Bugs)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRZSv3Qqvgk"
,Recommended,313120,14140430,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Grass,"Date of writing this review: 24/1/15, just one day after it has come out so obviously if you are reading this att a later date, my criticisms may have been addressed (in which I am almost sure they will be). I would like to also state, that at the time of writing this review, I only have 3 hours of playtime - and so this is more of a first impression.The PositivesUnique game idea. Cast away being one of my favourite movies, it feels great to relive Tom Hank's struggle! And yes, it is possible to get Wilson!This game is visuallygorgeous.The sunrises and sunsets look real. The colours spread across the whole sky, and it is absolutely breathtaking. These graphics add a sense of immersion to which I have not experienced in many other games before.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=380387079A sunrise in Stranded DeepThe game is realistic (at times). Chipping away at a tree, then finally seeing it fall down is truley incredible, and in my opinion, much better than the Forest. This is as the tree doesn't simply split into pieces like it does in the Forest, but rather you must further cut the tree into logs, and then sticks. Again, this adds another sense of immersion to the game, making the player feel as though they are in fact stranded.The NegativesThe game feels a bit too easy, and repetitive. You can go without eating or drinking for 2-3 days without consequence, even so, there are millions of coconuts lying around which you can drink, and 3 or 4 potato plants in each island in which regrow after a day. It is near impossible to die from hunger or thirst. I would have liked to have seen them focus more on making actual survival hard, rather than worrying about that shark (that in my opinion adds nothing to the game).Currently, there is no end game (although they have stated that it is in the works). This wouldn't be a problem at all if actual survival was challenging.Base building is useless. So what you build a 3x3 home? You just have to move to another island at somepoint anyway. Would be better if they focused more on being able to build an awesome raft, as building a home is useless, and being mobile is key.The VerdictIf survival is your type of game, and/or you loved the movie Cast Away, I would definitely reccomend purchasing this game as is, now! It has so much potential, and I hope to see so many more features in the future. All up, I will give it a 7/10 in it's current state, however it definitely has the potential to be the best survival game on the market.Thank you for reading, should you have a question, feel free to comment, or even add me. I will respond ASAP. This being me second proper review, could you guys also leave me some constructive criticism, thanks guys!"
76561198144259232,Recommended,313120,16026855,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Pondscum,"Lets throw out some pro's and cons first off...Pros..1. Game is stunningly beautiful2. For a game in development i've not found alot of bugs, and the few i have found i can live with3. Incredible amount of potential...this game could be expanded into something amazing...a survival game like none seen to date...there are no zombies...no pirates....just you and your wit and scavenging abilitiesCons..1. After about a few hours you are set to survive forever, get that bucket, find some crabs and you are done..2. Wood is a non renewable resource, best you can do is strip the surrounding islands of your home then move on3. If you do move on you can't tie things to your raft, can't make containers, can't make a floating home that can be relocated...you're limited to 8 inventory slots that can hold 4 of that item meaning you can't really better your situation much you're just moving to a new island to rebuild it again.4. the game is in serious need of things to give it life beyond finding a bucket...people need something to work toward...something to improve on and call their own..so far the game feels alot like castaway the movie...sit...eat fish...very long and boring and alone feeling, thinking it needs a dose of waterworld or gilligans island to give it some life.Would I recommend this game...yes...on the promise of what the future can hold for it."
76561198069061858,Recommended,313120,14686904,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,one.insipid,"This is the best early access game I've ever played.Pros:- Awesome concept- Nice graphics- Relaxing, but fun experience- Fantastic potential for this game to grow and growCons:- All the islands are fairly small and roughly around the same size.- The crafting system could be improved a bit, but at the same time it doesn't really bother me.Suggested Improvements:- When paddling across the sea, there are hick-ups (glitchy graphical transitions) as you approach islands.- Currently, in order to fill your water bottle, you have to toss/throw a bucket of water on the ground (without spilling it), equip the water bottle, then click the bucket of water... (gets to be annoying, especially because it takes wood and time to boil it first)- No cooking recopies, you just toss your kill (fish, crabs, shark) on the fire or eat coconuts and potatoes..- You cannot put out your fire to save wood consumption..- Not many edible items thus far (potatoes, coconut, crab, fish, shark)- The islands are small and you lose the exploration feeling when all the islands are pretty much the same.- Not as many rocks per island as you would expect to find...- Needs more animal life...Recommendations of things that would be cool additions to the game:- Animals: Seems to be missing insects, birds, small mammals, and reptiles. Also needs more sea life (squid, eels, jellyfish, octopus, dolphins, seals, marlins, manatees, sea turtles)- Food: Fruit, clams, bugs, small mammals, reptiles, birds, eggs...- Health: Mosquito bites, parasites, sun burn, remedy with mud or clothing...- Landscape: Larger islands, cliffs (I want to cliff dive), volcanoes, jungle, caves...- Items: Fishing pole, fishing net, fishing bait, splints (for broken limbs), sail masts, rope, hammocks, paper & pencil, mirror, bottles, towable raft (to transport items from island to island),- Rare Events: Hallucination, voices, crazy spiritual visions or dreams, freak storms, large waves, volcanoes, solar/lunar eclipse, sea monsters (giant squid or sea serpent),- Trigger able Events: Rescue + chance of ships/planes finding you- End Game: Have multiple ways to reach an end game.. find civilization on your own or be rescued...- Find civilization: Map (or pieces of a map) + compass + writing utensil,- Rescue: (give +% chance of being found)- Paper+pencil+bottle = SOS in a bottle- Use flair gun when ships/planes are passing- Fire + palm leaves = smoke signal- Message in the sand (Arial view rescue)- Repair salvaged radio from ship wrecks"
76561198056047123,Not Recommended,313120,20464412,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,rrocks,"Updated Feb 05, 2016: Alpha 0.09.H2I'm going to save the bugs for last, and get down to the mechanics of the game first. This is the meat of the game, bugs may or may not be fixed in ""hot-fixes"".This is a survival game, clearly inspired by Tom Hanks ""Castaway"". Although new purchasers wouldn't know this because they are still advertising content that no longer exists in the game, such as that plane crash intro - etc.You start off on a raft with no paddles, they decided they weren't ""needed"" any further. You somehow dog paddle to shore (whilst standing), and begin ""surviving"". This consists of gathering sticks, rocks, lashing (gathered from their newly modeled Yucca Plants, from one of their ""big content patches""), and coconuts.You build a fire, because that's what you always do in survival games. Then focus on a shelter for the night, because we've been taught that night time is very dangerous. You head out and gather all the neat little materials, and get to building that shelter. This makes you realize that they are only cosmetic differences because there is no competing weather elements to contend with. So now you've seen 75% of the game-play & content.Once daylight comes, and you realize there was no threat what-so-ever over the course of the night, you decide to build a raft so you can go explore other islands. You could however doggy paddle in the given raft, but that would be silly because the sound effect for the paddling would drive you insane before you left your home island's shore.Upon watching the new island pop-in piece by piece like a stop-motion animation, you'll either be lucky and pass by a shipwreck or be unfortunate enough to contend with the pop-in later (assuming you care about finding the shipwreck). After scouting the new island for all of 1 minute you'll come to the realization that whether or not procedural generation is at play, all the islands contain the same resources, and thus it was pointless to waste your time going to this island, and a waste of your time building the raft you used to get there.This is where the game fails; That moment you realize that there is nothing left to do. It's a defeating feeling because depending on your experience level, it may have taken you 2.1hrs to discover this, leaving you without a refund option. You now realize that there is no content in the game passed the 1hr mark. There is no survival mechanics minus infection, broken arm, food, hunger, oxygen. These are all easily negated/remedied/avoided. There is nothing that is a constant threat to your survival. All that time in the sun doesn't matter, the nights don't get cold, the wind don't bring in storms that threaten your very existence. Your biggest threat is falling from a tree due to the janky mechanics of tree climbing, rather than being eaten by a shark, of which I haven't even seen in 7hrs of game-play and 8 islands explored. Yes, depending on which version you have played, morphine probably fixed broken arms. But I can assure you that it might not in the next patch due to it breaking in the past.The game is pretty to look at, minus the graphical glitches, and pop-in. It's a satisfying feeling to build a structure the first time, under the notion that you must do so before nightfall. But it's disheartening to see that structure floating in the sky-box the next time you login. It's disappointing to know that rebuilding one is inconsequential due to there being nothing in game to harm you or force the need of a structure.It appears that the dev's are struck in a rut, and I wonder now if they haven't reached their coding limitations. The updates have consisted of cosmetic changes to systems that were in the game from day one. It's only when challenges are presented that we see their knowledge or lack there of come to light. We have seen this with the original crafting system, and we have seen their solution (however temporary, or however many promises are STILL being made to improve this). We have seen this when they removed the original raft, and motor, only to bring them back 8 months later. We have seen this when everyone was under the impression that they re-coded the engine, only to find that they simply upgraded to Unity 5 which left the game stagnant for nearly 2 months.At best this is going to be a slow burn, at worse it'll be abandoned once they fail to find a way to ""Jerry-rig"" together a somewhat working game. That's a sad thought because the game came out with such strong potential. Those bugs in the early alpha releases were of no consequence because we simply didn't know what type of dev's we were dealing with. It's only now that we see their limitations, it's only a year later that we see the only mechanical forward progress has been by way of adding rafts back to the game. Every other change has been a removal, minus cosmetic building materials.There simply isn't any confidence left that leads me to believe that this will ever be a true ""survival game"", but I'll happily update my review if that ever happens. Until that day comes though, I won't be updating this review again. They have added/removed so much content in such a short amount of time, it wouldn't even be fair to the dev's to keep making reviews. I only made this one because Sam pretty much challenged me to do so in the comments. But my question to Sam is, when are you going to update your Steam Store Page to reflect the changes in game? You were very direct with me about my ""misinformation"" and ""dated"" review, yet you continue to profit from advertising materials reflecting content that no longer exists in game.This is the type of behavior I have experienced in the forums. I was banned for suggesting people find other ways to test out the game. I stand by that suggestion, whether that is through Steam Family Share, or other means. To say that the community isn't toxic would be a blatant lie. One only has to look as far as the comments on this review to see the negative energy coming from the people involved in this game. My review history on Steam, however short it may be, has been very fair. This is the first time I have seen a team act this way. And to suggest that they ban because there are ""kids"" on the forum isn't going to win favor from me, I know what they are trying to do with making statements like that, and I'm not ignorant enough to believe protecting children is their ban motivation.I'm attaching some screenshots to show the pop-in, and some other minor graphical glitches. They also show that a year later they haven't figured out a way to make cook crab not stack with uncooked crab, nor drinkable coconuts not stack with ""empty"" coconuts. I also took the time out of my day to do a video review, I included a timer in the video as well so you could see exactly how long it takes to reach ""end-game"" i.e. a content wall that's existed from launch day. I'll be appending that video as soon as I get around to uploading it.And for the record, every time I hit ""New Game"" I am given the exact same starting island over and over again. Ben explained that the starting islands are pre-made, and once you get past them they start to procedurally generate. This matters little in the grand scheme of things due to there being no real purpose to ever leave your starting island.Sam: No one ever said you couldn't post a comment here. Playing victim while implying your ability to comment has been hindered only validates my review further. Your moderator commented over the span of 7 pages.Screenshots of Graphical/Gameplay Glitches:Pop-in, Crab Stacking, Graphical AnomaliesFloating Base in Sky-BoxYouTube Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tL9_SLuOnQ0&feature=youtu.be"
76561197996374391,Not Recommended,313120,32614361,Posted: 21 June,all,winkks,"Stranded Deep has gone off the deep end!Mislead;I feel like I have been mislead buying this game. It started out as a beautiful""Castaway""experience on islands that made a video game get a way an awesome play. I've been very disappointed in the downgrading of this game. I kept watching and reading the forums in hopes of the developers seeing the damage, yet... not happening so yea, I feel mislead.In the beginning of my Stranded Deep game play the islands were like islands are suppose to be here on earth. Some large some small but always normal in formation. Normal meaning waves are what actually makes the beach formation, beach, not an extreme drop off as though I'm on another planet and the ocean is space with monsters below. No place to build to feel safe and explore, just massive rocks and water, that's it!When I started a new game this morning the tutorial said to gather rocks for a tool, I could only find 1 rock on the whole tiny island, which you could jump from one side to the other in any direction.Ludicrous;The idea(which I've read on the forums)that the islands are made so tiny and 'uninhabitable' in order to force the player to ""explore"" is ludicrous!!! It is human nature to explore no matter the size of our surrounding area! Human nature always wants to see and experience more, we don't have to be ""forced"" to be a human!!I won't even bother to request the normal formation of beaches in future development.To Clarify: I say'uninhabitable'because to gather more than a few sticks and rocks you must island hop with endless rowing.This is only a game, a get a way of mundane. Forcing folks to indulge in your reality makes it your game, the very thing we play games to escape from."
76561198055927429,Recommended,313120,14971916,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MV-Play,"This is/could become an exceptionally original game with a lot of potential for really deep immersion. Although the game is evolving slowly in Early Access, it becomes better and better in creating a wonderful Cast Away experience.What would I love to see added in the (according to my taste) perfect game:DURING THE DAY:- Seagulls that try to steal unprotected meat and fish but can be chased away or even killed (bow, spear) and eaten after removing the feathers and cooking them.- Albatrosses flying by- Mockingbirds flying around, and singing in the trees at dawn and sunset- Sea birds that hunt fish (maybe nests with eggs for you to steal)- Flies that bother you at the warmest moments of the day and sit on spoiled food- Different species of butterflies, wasps, bumblebees, beetles, ants...- Small lizards that hunt insects- Sea turtles laying eggs in the warm sand (eggs make big omelettes)- Huntable seals resting on the coast- Small groups of dolphins playing and hunting fish, scaring away sharks, so it is safe to swim and paddleDURING THE NIGHT:- Moths flying around light sources- Mosquitoes that sometimes harass you with their noice and/or bites and wake you up in the middle of the night (repellent = garlic, treatment = banana peel)- Bats to hunt moths and mosquitoes- Crickets to liven up your nights- Hutias (small rodents, aka banana rats)IMMERSION:- After a storm floatable items are left washed ashore (suitcase, bag, box, wood, clothe, bottles with or without message etc.)- Detachable and usable containers in shipwrecks- Respawnable medical plants that can be harvested to fight intoxication (garlic), insect bites (banana peel), fever (cayenne) open wounds (papaya) etc.- Constructable drying rack to dry medical herbs before use and to dry fish/meat for conservation- Slowly respawnable coconuts and even more slowly growing plantable palmtrees from coconuts- Splint to heal broken bones (stick, cloth, rope, papaya)- After eating a coconut half, the empty shell can be used to fuel the campfire- Occasionally a disgruntled moray eel in a ship wreck- Here and there a small cave on some of the bigger islands- Raft (with sides and place for a chest)- Varying wind directions and strenghts, including calm- Cooking pot, frying pan to make soup, omelettes and to sterilize cloths for bandage- Sleep is necessary to stay healthy- Constructable shelf between two supports to put small items and boxes with dried medical herbs and food so they do not fall trough the foundation on the ground- After discovering the second island a map system becomes available- Possibility to build a storage foundation to safeguard your precious items when later in the game small tsunamis could wash away items lying on the ground- Distant thunderstorms lighting up the horizon with little rain on your island- Anchor point to attach raft and life boat on the coast to avoid losing it (tide, floods)- Bow (2 sticks, 2 ropes) and arrows (8 arrows per stick, 8 arrow-heads per rock)I know this is quite a lot, but I am longing for the perfect cast away experience - a balancebetween feel-good experiences and challenges. Looking for safety in a harsh environment and slowlybuilding up a home in an unlikely place. At the end becoming a happy Robinson Crusoe.Thanks for creating this game, hope to keep it playing for a long time. Michel"
,Recommended,313120,14248982,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Grails,"After about an hour of sitting on an island wishing I hadn't accidentally used all of my rocks to craft tools, I finally resigned myself to my plan of paddling out to a distant island to see if I could gather up some more. I paddled for ages and was incredibly excited to see the new shore. It was a small island with a wrecked ship on both it's east and west sides. After gathering a sizable pile of rocks to take back to my sad little home island, I decided to pull out my knife and explore the shipwrecks.As I swam down into the tiny fishing trawler, I wondered how long I could hold my breath. Long enough to discover a hatchet stuffed away in a locker, and a fuel tank stored in the ship's console, and a spare lighter stored away in a toolbox. I excitedly tossed my treasure on the ground by my raft, eager to see what was located in the other ship.This ship was much larger, maybe a crabbing boat or something. It had at least two decks. I couldn't discover the hidden gems in this thing. Oooh! Is that another hatchet? Yes! Awesome! Whoa, a machete?! Sweet, I should probably go up for air. Alright, air is sufficient. Let's go back down. Wait...what is this music? There hasn't been any music before...this sounds...ominous. Please tell me there aren't sharks in this game...OH CRAP, THAT'S A SHARK. SWIM DAMN YOU, SWIM.After escaping what was certain death, I went back to my raft and settled on what to take back home with me. The rocks, the fuel tank, and my beautiful new machete. The rest, I left on the beach for easy access if I ever decided to grow a pair and finish exploring that boat.As I began paddling back to my island, I reflected on my performance while I experienced extreme fear after spotting the shark, quite happy with myself. I escaped the wrath of a frightening creature while stupidly swimming around in his home turf. I can outperform sharks, man. I'm awesome.It was at this moment of smug satisfaction that I heard the ominous music again and immediately reverted back to fear mode, and looked around my raft in a panic, trying to spot my tormentor. Suddenly my raft was violently pushed by something below me. I flipped out and started mashing buttons in an effort to pull out my new, prized machete treasure. In my panic, I managed to press Q instead, which resulted in my hurling the tiny plastic paddle I was using to transport myself home directly at the shark's head.Realizing I was now stranded in a raft with no way to paddle back home, being circled by a large sea creature with enough teeth to completely ruin my day, I quit the game and decided to sit in bed for awhile wrapped in a cozy, warm blanket.8/10 will most definitely play again."
,Not Recommended,313120,32308208,Posted: 9 June,all,w0lfie,"I really wanted to like this game but ultimately it's just not that fun, though I'd say it does deliver in terms of what it promises.What I like:* Graphics are pretty good, it does feel like you're on an island; it's reasonably pretty* Great music.. really adds to the mood* Controls are fairly intuitive, though there are some things you'll inevitably look up - like how to smoke fish.What I don't:* Crafting that makes no sense.. I can have a tinroofing floor for a raft but not.. a roof?* Absurd durability.. machetes fall apart quickly but stone tools are invincible?* More advanced tools don't work much better than primitive tools.* Inventory system scales poorly.. lockers need to carry more stuff* Inability to get a lot of use out of furniture* Structures that are silly like having to build multiple fire pits if you want a smoker AND a spit AND a regular fire.. etc..* Did I mention the crafting system makes no sense? Why is drift wood and regular wood different? Why can't I deconstruct things? Like a crate into planks.. or a raft into a tarp + rope.* Too much dependence on wood.* Not a lot of opportunities to harvest things from the environment.. there's almost no point in going underwater.Ultimately there simply isn't much to do.. You build a house.. and.. then what? A raft.. so you can go to another island that doesn't have your house? I just don't really see the point I guess. I think the game would be much better if rather than having to island hop between tiny irrelevant islands you instead washed ashore on a tiny island nearer a larger one.. and had to make your way there and then explore it. That would at least give you something to do.Also unless I went swimming, I never really felt in danger. Once you build a couple solar stills water is not an issue. Sleep is easy.. and food isn't too difficult.  Getting food and water turns into more of a chore than a struggle. Wristwatch says I need to drink? Okay let me head over to my still and top up.  I'm not really sure what I'd suggest to improve this. I feel like it's very hard to convey in a game, the thrill and satisfaction of eating when you're very hungry."
,Recommended,313120,19497032,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Flusha @Crapper,"Considering this is an early access game, it is very good. There are a lot of good things about this game and a few bad things. Starting with the good things:- Open world- Great game mechanics- Lots of areas to explore- CASTAWAY THE GAME- You can find Wilson- WILSON I'M SORRYNow, The bad things,- Quite a few virtually useless items (E.G. Guns)- STEAM ACHIVEMENTS DO NOT WORK FOR SOME REASONOverall Score: 9.75/10Thank you for taking the time to read this review :-)UPDATED: Removed early access from 'cons' list"
76561198095967937,Recommended,313120,14188133,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,4zr4eL_64,"On the plus side- Love the adventure part of the game- Graphics- Freedom- Finding WilsonDownside- Raft disappearing in the middle of the ocean leaving you as shark bait.ConclusionIts 150 meg game at 0.01, there are going to be some issues but all the core elements are there. I just hope they dont take our money and run like most if not all the other games out there."
76561197960703529,Not Recommended,313120,33804015,Posted: 26 July,all,He Who Has No Name,"WARNING: the preview videos and screenshots of this game on the Steam Store page DO NOT accurately reflect it's current state.I was really excited about Stranded Deep when I first bought it - over a year ago.  While it was rough around the edges and there was very limited content, what was there was cohesive, worked well, and was fun.  Not bad for an early access game.  Lots of promise and there were moments the game was genuinely beautiful!HOWEVER.Since then, while updates have been vaguely regular, they are EXTREMELY thin in terms of new content or feature progress, and most of the time they REMOVE something that was working well and put something new in its place that is broken, half-finished, and just plain not fun to use.  Since I bought the game, they have:- Made it all but impossible to see more than 10 feet underwater, making it basically useless to try and dive because sharks will kill you in the blink of an eye and you can't see them coming - and yet sharks actively home in on you the moment you get in the water- Replaced a good crafting interface with a clunky and slow one that has performance issues- Messed with resource generation and scarcity on the starting island, breaking the early gameplay resource usage and needs curves- Made the islands VASTLY SMALLER- Removed a variety of crucial tools that were simple and effective and instead put confusing multi-part crafting solutions in their place that aren't even working right and are grindy and not fun- Added and removed content seemingly at random with no clear plan or roadmap to a final content set- Repeatedly released buggy updates that need a hotfix to solve a gamebreaking bug within the first few daysI make games for a living.  I've worked on PC and Xbox games from large to small, and I know what rookie teams and experienced teams look like based on how they handle development.  What I am seeing here is an extremely small team (not a crime) that is in waaaay over their head (not a crime, but also not a good thing) and doesn't realize it (bad), and who is utterly failing to communicate effectively with their player base (uh oh).  They are not upfront about what they can do and when they're likely to get it done, or their plans to make it happen, because there's no clear sign they actually know any of those things (EJECT).The development arc of this game has headed badly downhill since I bought it and I would not have purchased it if I knew it would be in its current state after more than a year.  I cannot recommend others buy it.  Until Beam Team can figure out how to communicate what they're doing, how they plan to do it, prove they actually know how, and show some steady progress along that plan, then as far as I can tell you'll just be shelling out for their broken, slowly meandering tinkering project that is never done and always tearing up what it just finished.What a disappointment."
76561198001790442,Recommended,313120,14176657,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sistermatic,"Day 2: Tomorrow I have to swim to that wreck I saw earlier. There will be something there I can salvage, surely? Got an axe yesterday. Had to use it to get back.  The sharks!! They scare me.Day 3 : Lucked out. The wreck revealed a torch. Flat batteries.  I got back to the island. I find a rock. A stick. A potato plant. I'm feeling vibrant.Day 4: It rained last night. I had nothing to catch the fresh water. Coconut milk again.Day 5: Axe is getting worn. I have plenty of wood. For now. Fire just went out. Must light another.Day 6: I despair at ever drinking fresh water ever again.Day 8: Went swiming today to get some fish. I FOUND A BUCKET!!! Rejoice. Need rain.Day 10: No rain. Tomorrow maybe.Day 12: Still no rain. Coconut milk and cooked crab. I want chocolate. And a burger. And fries. And... coffee..Day 13: Somehow I threw my knife away. I spent all day looking for it. How stupid!!!Day 16: Must. go. to. new. island. Nothing here. Can't last.Day 22: New home. Broken arm. Fell. Getting coconuts. Why did I jump?Day xx: Axe is broken. I don't know anymore. What should I do? Another island?Day xx+1: I'm dying. Broken arm, still.  No water. No food. No axe.Day 27: I woke in a daze. It's... raining. Raining!! I just might survive this. I look at my watch, it's 27th December. I didn't even remember Christmas. I sprinkled sand on a coconut and called it a pudding. It still tasted like.....coconut.. just... gritty. I laughed until I cried. I need a hat. Obviously.Day 28: Decided to live. Feel that it's better to die trying than to just...die. Swam to a new island. Met a whale on the way. It's song stirred me. I'm right. I.must.live.to be continued......http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=381741605"
,Recommended,313120,14509425,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,E.Martinez,"So for those who want a real review. This is it.Pros: Beautiful graphicsPlaces to exploreCraftingOpen worldshipwrecksdivingCons:Not alot of things to craft yet, spent about an hour in game and crafted everything in the gameSharks, not sure what they are doing, there isnt alot of stuff to scavenge as far as the plane crash so its not like they are a threat at all.single player, would like to have seen a coop or multiplayer.Overall:I would recommend this game to my buddies, but i would suggest ""The Long Dark"" instead. This is actually really really easy to survive. lots of promise for this though, looking forward to seeing it progress."
76561198007478070,Recommended,313120,14315039,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Shaman,"-Horded Coconuts-Made tools, built a nice house.-Looted Shipwrecks, found compass and other goodies-Ran out of palmtrees, went viking on the neighbouring islands with an axe.-Found flaregun, useless against sharks.-Ran out of coconuts-Ran out of crabs-Went viking on further islands.-Lost my way, cried a bit.-Found cooler stuff, things were ok again.-Found Wilson, accidentally dropped him in the ocean.-Cried lots but found him again, f.u. Tom Hanks-Made a new home, built a tropical Taj Mahal.-Made my lifeboat a coconut pen. (✿◠‿◠)-Ran out of palmtrees halfway through building Taj Mahal-Swam to other islands to get palmtrees-Discovered bug that lets you fly chopped down palmtrees at sprinting speed-Flew across the water back to my island on palmtreerocket 〜(^∇^〜）-Got many more （〜^∇^)〜-Finished Taj Mahal, had twin beds with Wilson, a huge stack of coconuts, crabs and sardines on lock.-84 days survived, saved game.-Loaded again and it was all gone.-(┛◉Д◉)┛彡┻━┻Wilson/10 would rage again."
76561198057977233,Not Recommended,313120,31072837,Posted: 10 April,all,gringygordy,"I remember an experience I had playing this game shortly after it was released. I was on my raft heading back to a secondary base island after scavenging for resources from one of the far-off islands, a necessary errand since single islands didn't provide many resources and your backpack could only hold 8 things at a time. These were long journeys (~10-15 minutes) and required some intelligent resource managing to make it there and back in good health but with enough new materials to make the trip worthwhile. I began the trip in the evening and soon realized I had made a mistake when heavy rain began pouring down. To allow more backpack room I didn't bring my compass, so with my visilibity reduced to mere feet in front of me I did my best to maintain my direction of rowing. I was feeling pretty confident until the music began that indicates the proximity of a shark, and my heart began to race. Sure enough I saw a dark shadow in the water below me, circling around my raft and making occasional attempts to bump it over.  In short order I became disoriented and realized I had forgotten in which direction I had been travelling. My first thought was, my island was a tiny dot on the horizon, and the chances of me missing it are pretty high; I could try staying stationary and wait out the rain so I can regain my bearings, but the thought of being on top of a bottomless pit of giant monsters convinced me to redouble my navigational efforts and strike out in the most likely direction (which, very fortunately, were just barely correct enough and I eventually reached my intended island). My second thought was, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has absolutely nailed the terror and challenge of this sort of nightmare scenario in a way no other game I've played has.The reason why I don't recommend it is because in the years since then, rather than expanding on what made the game so unique, the developments have done nothing but bring the game half-way up to par with the survival genre generic standards, drowning its strengths in the cesspool of bloated crafting systems and meaningless item-scavenging that characterizes nearly every other survival game on the market. Instead of adding more ways to challenge resource-management and survival skills, or adding more risk-reward events and mechanics, there are simply more ways to build your house and hoard all the rocks and branches you can find, and more ways to blow up sharks.It still has a lot of potential, but the developers don't seem to know what it is."
,Recommended,313120,14225505,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Deathstar,"You're flying over the Pacific Ocean in what appears to be a high-class private jet. You seem distressed, no doubt business is taking its toll on you and the plane going through turbulence doesn't exactly help, luckily you are the only passenger. You decide to ease your sorrows with a martini. As you return to your seat to go through some more spreadsheets the plane starts shaking violently until suddenly, you come to realise you might not make this trip. Your fears quickly become reality.The jet's fuselage is getting torn to shreds, the inside becomes a tornado of clutter as all sorts of objects start getting vacuumed outside. You're pressed against the back of your seat, gasping for air, as the plane loses altitude... until it crashes into the sea. As you recover from the trauma, you start swimming toward the cockpit, only to find the two pilots dead. Wasting no time, you escape the wreck and climb into a life raft. You make for the nearest bit of land as to not get dragged down with what used to be your only way back to civilisation. You are stranded. Deep.With this introduction, I hope the scenery is set for Stranded Deep, a survival game in Early Access now available on Steam. The scenery is important here, because it is all the story we get at this point in time. You know you're in trouble and have to make the best of it for as long as you can. You start with nothing more than a lighter, a pocket knife, a bottle of water and your life raft (plus paddle). To survive, you will need to stay well-fed and hydrated. Eating crabs, fish or native potatoes and drinking from a coconut or boiling seawater over a fire should keep you covered. There is also a crafting-system ingame, which lets you craft primitive tools for when your metal ones break.Perhaps most interestingly, the island you are stranded on is tiny, not much more than a pile of sand and rock with a few palm trees here and there. This means that you will only have access to a very finite pool of ressources like wood. To find more, you must inevitably climb back into your life raft (or a wooden one you've built) and start exploring the ocean around you. The world is potentially huge, depending on how far out you're willing to go, with more and more small islands appearing on the horizon. Exploration doesn't end there, though, as the ocean floor holds more secrets for you to discover. Ship-wrecks scatter the landscape below and do have loot for you to find, like proper tools or other useful items like goggles or a ship motor to stick on your raft.Carelessly bathing in the rough seas can be dangerous, though, as a very hungry shark might start thinking about making you part of his dietary plans. Shark AI seems very much unfinished at this point, though personally, sharks really freak me out so just their presence is enough to at the very least be very unsettling.It's not just the sharks that need some more polish, as Early Access suggests. Surviving by doing the same few tasks over and over is all you can really do in Stranded Deep at this point and exploring will just reward you with more of the same. Building shelter has no real purpose and, sadly, there is no way of getting rescued yet, though plans are to include more end-game as development goes on. The two things that Stranded Deep has going for it are its unique setting and the stunning graphics, inviting you to forget about your dire situation and just bask in the tropical sun.Stranded Deep is worthy of at least being followed by survival-fans. Probably not a purchase just yet.Also, not a single Castaway-joke. Good job me."
,Recommended,313120,14505887,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Morky Mouse,"I really enjoy this game, it's well made and definitely worth $15 even in it's current state. Here's a breakdown of gameplay, graphics, environment, crafting, bugs, and ultimately - why I would recommend this game.Gameplay:-Pretty fun to explore shipwrecks and find stuff-Made a motorized raft (which totally kicks♥♥♥♥♥-Conquered multiple islands for my own greedy needs-Built a fortress with a lookout tower and used binoculars to spot sharks-Still haven't found my good friend Wolly-Murdered crabs and ate them in front of their friends-Drank then ate numerous coconuts-Palm trees are now extinctGameplay is great, crafting system is really unique and I like it, it seems realistic, like you're actually putting stuff together instead of some wizardry where walls and foundations just appear. Although at this point there's not much to do, this game has really good potential (I'll elaborate more on this at the end).Graphics:This game is very nice looking, and has a really nice feel of realism to it. The only thing I'd want more with the graphics is better antialiasing, a fix for the weird lines you can see in the distance separating the areas of water, and further render distance.Environment:The environment is very nice, there are plenty of sea animals and dangers. Sharks, whales, crabs, many types of fish, and more to come in the future. The islands are all pretty standard and have numerous palm trees, rocks, and a few yucca plants for lashings (rope). My favorite part about the environment is the water and shipwrecks. The water is awesome and it really feels real when you're swimming around exploring. The shipwrecks are interesting to explore and often have very useful loot like buckets (which you fill with seawater then boil to make it drinkable), parts to make an engine for your raft, and other useful items like flashlights and bandages.Crafting:I love the crafting system in this game. I've never seen anything like it before. Instead of having to combine recipes through a crafting menu, you actually put the stuff together on the ground, hold left click, and select the item you want to make. To make tools you hold anything, but to build foundations, walls, and other building materials, you need to be holding a hammer. The crafting is very well done, no complaints about it.Bugs:This is the least buggy early access game I've ever played. At initial release, there were a few bugs such as disappearing raft, flying sharks, and low sound quality rain, but those were all fixed very quickly. As of now, the only bugs/glitches I know of are the double/triple paddle and flying with palm trees. Very solid game with few bugs.Why I Recommend This Game:The developers of this game are great, because the game actually gets updates, and said updatesactuallyadd content and fix bugs (looking at you, DayZ). This game has so much potential and with the development roadmap going the way it is, I'd love to see multiplayer co-op and much more content in this game in the future. Keep up the good work, devs!"
,Recommended,313120,15331491,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Encrypted Ka0s,"it's a really great survival game overall,  but it would be better if the islands could be bigger."
,Not Recommended,313120,16087468,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,cdF0rReal,"A lot of the people here (the people here on the community discussions and the people writing reviews) are huge fanboys of this game (nothing wrong with that), but do take their opinions with a grain of salt. I too am a big survival game genre fan, but I can't recomend this game in it's current state. As of now you can do 90% of what this game has to offer within 2 hours (no joke). The remaining 10% is just tedious to acquire (boat motor and building fortresses). At 5 hours, I have done everything in this game many times. This game is great, and has potential, but it is simply lacking content. Maybe later down the line this game will be better, but since it's release in Janurary to now (may 30) very little has been added. So, if the devs can add more (and actually add somthing) this game would be great, but definitly wait to buy.Edit: As of June 19th, about 6 months since release, this game seems to be falling into the early-access hell hole. The devs are consistently falling behind their monthly update schedule so they decided to release an expiremental-early-access build, even that is barely being updated. It's also been about 3 weeks since them showing any signs of life. I know they are working hard, but we need more communication. As of now my older position stands...just wait until later down the line. At this point this game might not be done in years.Edit Edit: read comments to review alsoEdit Edit Edit: Still no major content. The devs have been working on ""behind the scenes"" changes and bug fixes since release. I still have hope for this game, but it's hard to have any with the direction this game is going in."
,Not Recommended,313120,24532582,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BurtCocaine,"I really really want to give this game a positive review....but I just can't. I bought this game last year in February so I witnessed the course of development it took the last months. I have waited since then to write a (positive) review because I think this game has a great potential and when I bought it last year it already had a solid and fun base for an EA game.What it lacked back then was the longterm motivation. Once you had your basic food and water supplies there was no more need for exploration. All Island were basically the same, a shipwreck here and there but that was it. So I was very very escited for new content. Because the game is developed by only a small team (2 guys if I remember correctly?) updates take some time to be released. But this is where the downfall began...instead of introducing new content to make the game more of a challenge they implemented.....Seaforts! What? Yeah right, Seaforts. The things build by the British in WW2 in the North Sea (!). Other than being totally out of place they provide an additional loot spawn for things you can also find in ship wrecks. Since then (over a year ago now) there hasn't changed much about the amount of content that was released...To be fair, the developers did a great job updating the engine (e.g. new crafting system - some like the old one better but it's okay) and improving the visuals. For an indie EA game Stranded Deep has stunning and very impressive graphics creating a fantastic atmosphere. Sitting at you campfire at night starring up in the night sky...thats just beautiful ..but that only makes the lack of content more frustrating because I really want to play this game.So to sum it up: I think the developers are too focused on details instead of expanding the core of the game itself. Wildboars, snakes, tools etc. ... that is all nice to have but once you managed the start the game is basically over. Exploring the ocean and other island...pff, why take a risk when I can sit comfortably in my house once it is build?This game needs to take a step forward on the macrolevel, not on the microlevel!I will gladly change this review to a positive one once this happens, until then buy it at your own risk. You might be disappointed after a short time."
76561198004086571,Not Recommended,313120,26286401,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jaguar,"If you are looking for the definitive leader in Shack Building Technology™ look no further!Two devs, working dilligently in Australia have managed to add about ten features in two years. The content is added amazingly fast, every 6 months, thanks to the technology of Steam's quick download servers.Some stats about thisleading edge Shack Simulator™Owners: 736,340 ± 22,027Players in the last 2 weeks: 30,429 ± 4,482 (4.13%)Players total: 721,817 ± 21,809 (98.03%)With well over a $1,500,000 in revenue from Steam Early Access sales (if they're getting a very conservative 10% for every one sold on Steam) they've managed to crank out some nice swag for their office! Well done lads!The game has gone through two engines, added a bunch of additional ground breaking Shack Building Technologies™, and had possibly one or tworumoredstable alpha versions. The current crafting mechanism is clunky and worse than the first (bad) one in the previous engine. The current state of Shack Builder 2014® is no more advanced than the first week of early access.This one is never going to be a complete game, it's just another ""Thanks for all the Early Access Cash Suckers!"" title in a long list of Early Access Indyscams on Steam.Save your SteamBucks and spend them on another high-risk Early Access gamble."
,Recommended,313120,14196187,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,foxxy grill,Tom Hanks simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,313120,15806206,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,THEhouse40,"I would Like to suggest some more variety of animals (I am sure you have had plenty of these requests)Shark:-Lemon Shark: Near shallow reef areas: Act like Reef sharks, but if you attack, they attack back. (don't run away as much)-Great Hammerhead: Deep ocean, more common then great whites (28% chance): agressive when you get to close, but mainly when you attack.-Shortfin Mako Shark: Deeper waters: FAST: Not extremely agressive, but if provoked, will attack.-Whale shark: DEEP waters, about 14% chance of spawning, NOT AGGRESSIVE!Biomes:-Coral Reef: Colorful fun reefs to explore, no shipwrecks, can have lemon sharks/reef sharks.-rock islands: have seals. Spawn in deep waters so sharks can spawn near it.Fish:-Trout: People like trout.-Tuna: Fast fish that travel in large groups in deep water: can warn if a shark is nearbye.-flying fish: travel in LARGE groups and will stay near surface: adds to senery nicely.-flounder: DELECIOUS: at bottom of reefs and shallows.-manta rays: Passive large rays that stay near deeper waters, but can go into deep reefed areas.-MANATEES!!: fan favorite: passive: travel in small groups.-Seals: its a seal. (travels in abstract ways, and groups.-Dolphins: kill sharks on occasion, travel in groups of about 2-5, passive.-Clams: at the bottom, can find pearls for no reason, fill 1 1/2 hunger raw, and 2 1/2 cooked.Items:-bigger variety of weapons (different kinds of machetes and axes, but stil fit in one slot in inventory)-scuba TANK, automaticaly staps onto back, has a meter on watch.-some kind of armour system? like a jacket, or a bullet proof vest?-people on plane in beggining?-some kind of journl? or signs that you can make to right notess on for later.-bow and arrow-fishing rods/ hooks-different boats and more recently crashed boats (like speed boats and BIGGER BOATS like cargo ships and yachts?)Thank you for reading (if you made it through) and I hope at least one thing sparked an idea, because I am sure you guys probably thought of at least 10 of these and said ""eeehhhhhh no"". I honestly love this game, but I want to see more things that are there in the real world, I was born and grew up in Miami Florida, and I have just gotten back ""into"" all of this ocean life and stuff all because of this game (so thank you!) and  now, I just wan't to keep playin' !"
,Recommended,313120,14214424,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gilgamensch,"At first i was all ""Okay, I bought The Forest again. ""Then I was all ""This is an excellent Castaway simulator.""Now I'm all ""This is a beautiful early access game with an interesting and innovative crafting system and I sincerely hope the devs keep up with updating it because I feel like it's gonna be really great when it's finished.the sharks give me the kind of real life anxiety most games need to beg for with jump scares and quicktime events, even though I haven't actually seen them do anything yet. Overloading your raft sinks it. Raw crab makes you sick. Coconuts are your most abundant resource and if you leave your island, good luck remembering where it is.10/10 found Wilson """
76561198069291594,Recommended,313120,14535515,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Widew THICC,"1st min: Damn these graphics are amazing **♥♥♥♥es self**2nd min: Sees an island3rd min: Approaches the island to find that there is a landshark gltiched in the sand4th min: I name the shark Johnson5th min: I look along the shores for crabs6th min: I find no crabs and give up7th min: I find a machete8th min: I explore a shipwreck9th min: I open a ship door to find a shark inside and it isnt Johnson10th min: Slowly backs up and swims to the shore11th min: I tell Johnson what just happened12th min: I go back to the shipwreck to explore13th min: I learn that the shark in the ship has left14th min: I exit the ship to find out that Johnson and 2 of his friends are circling the ship15th min: I try to swim away but Johnson and his friends have sonic speed and they get me16-17th min: I am dragged away from the ship into the middle of the ocean while screaming ""NO I WANT NO PART OF THIS GANGBANG JOHNSON!!!!!!!!!""18th min: My wife walks in the room asking why am I talking about gangbanging.19th min: I look at my screen right as Johnson kills me.20th min: Realizes this was the best 20 min of my life9/10 great shark food simulator and I will never swim at the beach again"
,Recommended,313120,14134612,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Auzzie,"T.Hanks survival simulator.Figured out how to build a hut.Still don't know how to eat coconuts.It's been raining for 2 days now.I've run out of rocks on my island for crafting axes/hammers.But I found a Mysterious Box, from ""DeadEx (Because why not)™""Decide to paddle to the next nearest island once the rain cleared up, in search of more rocks.Left the box in my little hut. A shrine of sorts.Halfway to the island, sharks on the horizon, sun slowly setting, inky blackness below.....My life raft COMPLETELY DISAPPEARS AND I SINK INTO THE ABYSS.Panic. Sheer and utter panic. Erratically looking all around (looking down was the worst part), I've audibly yelled out at this point, ""nnnooooo!"". My options are incredibly limited. Swim back or restart from my last save (2 days and many crab dinners ago).Suddenly, I see that yellow saviour. My life raft, within arms reach! I'm saved!! Swim close, eager to get away from all the things I imagine are about to snap at my feet. Then the raft disappears. Just. VANISHES!And thats where I am now. The game has been paused for about 15 minutes. I'm still freaking out a bit. It's gotten dark. And the music has started. I've only heard two notes of it, but it's clear what's going on. I'm in the physical spot where my raft should be, and it's not there, and I'm stranded deep."
,Not Recommended,313120,16801631,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,FENDI,"Stranded by developersI initially enjoyed this game and I love the concept, but the development of it is abysmally slow. The content rollout is virtually nonexistant, and the current content can be ""cleared"" in under 2 hours. Admittedly, since this is a survival game, you can spend an infinite amount of time roasting crabs and building houses with the dozen crafting items available, but once you've done that, it's just a bunch of proceduraly-generated islands and the occasional whale and rusted outpost with nothing of any significance to do. Once you've seen about three islands, you've seen them all. The game content is virtually identical to how it was at launch, six months ago.While I don't expect much content from an Early Access title, the rate at which content is being added is one of the worst I've ever seen. There has been only one real content update in nearly six months (since the Early Access release), the rest being just generic bugfixes (many of which are persistant and game-breaking) and maybe adding a handful of fish in the ocean. Even the (one) content update was extremly minor, like something I would expect out of a weekly or biweekly update from another developer. I'm understanding that an initial release of an Early Access title is going to be light on content. I'm not understanding when six months later the developers haven't delivered anything since (especially after all the money that's been collected from players).I had great hopes for this title, and while I still hope the developer can push something to release, I cannot recommend a purchase at this time, given the pace of development. It almost feels like someones game that they put together for a school project and then forgot about, or like the pet project of someone who just works on it a few hours on weekends, not a game from a serious development team.If these things change in the future, my recommendation will as well, but with similar Early Access games releasing content on a near-weekly basis and showing futures for their games, there are far better places to spend your $15 than Stranded Deep."
,Recommended,313120,14187694,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Prophecy,"I spent 3 hours, built an amazing shelter, had plenty of supplies, only way i thought i owuld die was from hunger, went exploring ot another island, trying to find better recourses. Fell out of a palm tree and died."
,Recommended,313120,14127395,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,JohnnyBee29,"Im huge in the survival genre. I own The Forest, Dayz, minecraft, H1z1, Miscreated, 7 days to die, and The Long Dark. This is truly what Ive been looking for this whole time! This game doesnt need cannibals, zombies, or some kind of enemy. Its true challenge is to just stay alive. If youve ever seen castaway, this game will make you feel like Tom Hanks in no time. Cant wait to see what they add!"
,Recommended,313120,14137934,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hairy Hairy Robbaz,"I'm surprised! A 0.01 Alpha with nearly no bugs? This could had been released as a full game if the price was lower.It looks good, you need to experiment a bit with crafting, look over your resources since well. Your little island is just a little island. Conqour the open water and start transporting stuff from your neighbhoor island. Also do some diving! Haven't even touched that, but the few times i been underwater it looks good.Performance is also good.What's going on? This has to be magic but i believe a very competent development team made this happen. I hope they read this and get damn proud."
76561198011132431,Not Recommended,313120,23707551,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Schutzetoaster,"Ultimately, this game, at conception, had great potential to achieve very interesting things.  In the end, though, the lack of things to do is what kills it.  Heres the thing:  Stranded Deep introduces a unique setting for a game.  'The Castaway' style gameplay is inviting at first.  What people neglect to realize, myself included, is that, once a home is built and once you become self sufficient on the island, there is no motivation to continue on.  After the initial 3 or so hours of a game, where you hastily seek food and water sources, and build your shelter, you become trapped in a predictable cycle.  There is no reason to expand your house, no reason to explore deeper in the ocean, no reason to risk your life for gear that would do next to nothing to help your position.  Among the reasons you get trapped in this cycle is because there is no threat to you besides food and water needs.  Waterbound animals, like sharks, do make your ocean exploration entertaining, but you have no reason to fear them on land.  Additionally, lack of any interesting leveling of gear makes it difficult to want to continue on and level up your equipment.  Unlike similar games, like Minecraft, nothing is compelling you to get better.  Once you have the basic equipment down, you've essentially beat the game.  I think this game could benefit from, first, instituting much larger islands, predators or land dwelling enemies, of some sort, and multiplayer.  For now though, I do believe this game is not worth buying.Update 3/26/17:  The game has been updated some, and some predators have been added, but they stink.  The animals behave poorly.  They also updated the HUD to something, I must honestly comment, is even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than what they previously had.  They seem to be going backwards with this title.  Every update is more and more destructive."
76561198162842222,Recommended,313120,23457249,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Screwdge,"Ahem, I enjoyed this game for a good few hours, but it began to get boring sitting and playing alone. I think adding some kind of easy access multiplayer coul really improve the game. JUst my personal opinion."
76561198020963781,Recommended,313120,14128397,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sonny,"Built a fire start chanting like i was Tom Hanks out of castaway  ""ME MAN ME BUILT FIRE"" looked around the rest of the island when i saw a red glare in the corner of my eye and then i saw it i could not believe it at first THERE HE WAS WILLSONALL RED FACE AND GRASS HAIRhttp://i.imgur.com/BygzRyS.jpg"
76561198021224770,Not Recommended,313120,26005405,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"Do I recommend this game?  Yes and No.Yes)  Initially you may be impressed by the graphics.  It is beautifully made and the environment is very realistic, down to the ocean breeze and sound of waves softly washing up on the beach.  So next you look around your first Island getting some basic materials to craft some tools and such.  Building isn't complex, but it's neither intuitive or well thought out.  Build yourself a little shelter, then hop on your raft and check out a nearby Island for more materials.  Very fun and gives you high hopes at first.No)  You quickly realize there is no content in the game, content is almost never added, and the feeling that you wasted your money on yet another EARLY RELEASE money scam.  Where is the game as of today (October 12th, 2016?)  About 2 updates away from where it was Oct 12th, 2015).  This is the stranded ocean version of DayZ... but with even less content and more bugs."
,Recommended,313120,14142730,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PsiSyn,"A very promising inital release, although it doesn't only barely has enough gameplay right now to warrant the cost of the game, I'm sure if supported properly it will have a long and awesome development cycle ahead. Sharks don't work too well honestly, which is the main downside of the game, but once that's fixed, all of the current features work great and I'm excited to see what's in store in the future for Stranded Deep."
76561198034238053,Not Recommended,313120,25474722,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Justy,"This game is basically an elaborate scam, riding on the bandwagon of open world survival games. After twenty minutes you've experienced everything it has to offer, and the cosmetic ""updates"" it receives are few and far in between. No meaningful development has taken place in well over a year. There is NOTHING to do except run around, pick stuff up and craft one of the dozen items that have no real meaning or impact on the sorry excuse for gameplay.And for all of the apologists who'll inevitably swarm me with the one and only argument they've got (OMG COME ON IT'S EARLY ACCES DUDE!!!11) I have exactly two words: Screw. You. Releasing an early access game is a commitment and a responsibility, not an excuse to take people's money and give them a stagnant tech demo that offers about as much interactivity, content, variety and replay value as 3DMark.It's deader than disco and everyone except the fanboys knows it. The devs best of all."
76561198034941384,Recommended,313120,15999667,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DickPigeon,"I won't write a typical silly list review for this game, even though I want to really bad.Let me start off by saying that this game is fantastic. It has its bugs here and there, much as most early access titles do, but overall, they don't affect the game all that much.I don't have hundreds of hours in the game like some people do, but I still feel I can highly recommend this game to anyone at all who enjoys horror/survival games. When you first begin the game, there really is a sense of almost hopelessness. You sit in a raft out on the open ocean, a shark circling nearby. Personally, I have a terrible fear of sharks and the ocean in general, even the video for the game in the store page deterred me at first lol.My first few hours in the game were tragic. I ignored the shark and paddled as fast as I could towards the closest island, noticing a shipwreck very close to the island itself. I knew they were very important and felt I should brave the waters just for a chance of finding a compass or a piece of dive gear early on.Huge mistake...I jumped out of my raft almost directly on top of a Lionfish. The screen went green and I facepalmed. Having watched YouTube videos of the game, I knew this was bad. I made my way to the shipwreck, but found just a bucket of sea water and a pocket knife.Disappointed, I exited the cabin of the boat and started to swim towards the surface. I had Regular Show playing through my headset in the background, forgetting that sharks have a warning in the form of music. I never heard it coming. Just as I surfaced, a Tiger shark attacked me. I screamed like a little girl, my girlfriend sitting nearby laughed herself to tears. After it drug me under the water and let me go, I swam in a panic to the island, my heart still racing.I sat back for a moment and took in my situation. Poisoned, horribly maimed, hungry and thirsty. Great.I remember my bottle of water from the raft and drink the little amount within it, topping off my thirst. That's one problem taken care of for the moment. I need food now. I quickly remember watching countless YouTubers gathering coconuts. I look around and find that not a single palm tree on the island I first landed upon is even remotely short, but they do have that glorious food and water source hanging from them. I slowly climbed up the tree and clicked my first coconut so it drops. Being still unfamiliar with the controls however, I immediately fall right after my food, breaking my arm...Now I'm poisoned, maimed and have a broken limb. Fantastic....At least I got my coconut.I spent the next 4 hours of my playtime making terrifying dives into the ocean trying to find the cures to my problems. 4 hours of constant eating and drinking, gathering coconuts and cooking crabs and sardines. 4 hours of wreck after wreck containing no medical supplies. 4 hours of paddling, injured and poisoned, through waters containing sharks still because I was hurt and way too afraid to jump into the water with them and risk dying.I found Morphine first, broken limb fixed. The very next wreck contained Antibiotics. Wonderful! No more poison. From that point on, I was able to heal to full, move normally and do my thing how I wanted to, unhindered. Now I have a HUGE home in progress, more food than I could ever need, medical supplies, buckets to collect rain, and much, much more.All of that was a wonderful experience for me. Without it, I probably wouldn't have enjoyed the game as much as I have so far, and I would definitely not be writing this review lol.I can not recommend this game enough to anyone who enjoys this genre.Stranded Deep10/10Would do it all againI hope you enjoyed this review and found it useful."
,Not Recommended,313120,26644794,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Glock356,"I've played this game a few times over the 2 years it's been around. Nothing really has changed much at all since then. Nothing really game changing has come yet and it's been almost 2 years since it's been in EA. The game doesn't appear to be anywhere near completion nor does it have good, speedy, feature rich updates at reasonable time gaps. Great idea, but it has ended up as just another Early Access title with a lot of promises, but has been out for a while and never achieved those promises. And it doesn't look like it'll ever achieve those goals, at least not anytime soon. Don't buy it unless it actually gets a decent update, you'll end up playing for a few hours and you will never pick it up again."
,Recommended,313120,32825720,Posted: 26 June,all,Sweet Baby Jesus,"An excellent single player island survival sim. Always adding new stuff, and improving old stuff. This IS NOT a multiplayer game, as any island survival game shouldn't be. Part of the ""castaway"" experience is solitude, and the quietness. Many people will bad mouth the game and leave bad reviews, simply because they want to play a multiplayer game. If you want a good survival experience, this is the game for you. If you want a multiplayer survival experience, then it probably isn't."
,Recommended,313120,14659648,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Reto,You'll hate sharks.You'll hate getting ill for mysterious reason.You'll hate yourself for jumping off palm trees.You'll hate paddling.You'll hate missing that ONE piece for your motor boat when you already have 20 extra of the other pieces.You'll hate sharks more.You'll love this game.
76561198169334472,Recommended,313120,14178681,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Snappy,"Pros=====- Awesome close up graphics- Realistic weapons- Sense of achievement when you build a hut- Start scene with plane is very cool- Sense of freedomCons=====- Islands are all the same shape, size and features around it- Not enough variety on islands  (food, drink, building materials)- Islands take too long to get to- food and hunger levels go down WAY TO QUICK- No keyboard help option to say how to drop stuff or look at your watch- life raft sometimes disappears when I am in it, causing me to swim very far back to an island- TOO MANY sharksoverall=====I love this game and it is well worth the money. When the game develops and introduces new features then i think it would be one of the best and most adventurous games I have ever played"
76561198107608508,Not Recommended,313120,28682183,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Muffy,"I bought this game last year in February. The concept seemed cool, it was so much fun to play in the beginning, the graphics looked awesome and I thought this game had great potential. But during the last few months, the game didn't get any better. I'm honestly really disappointed.A while after I bought it, they started to change the engine, crafting system, visuals, etc. Don't get me wrong! It's not like I don't like all the changes they made, it's just that they put too much time and energy into things like these.What makes it really frustrating for me is the fact that this game lacks content. They put too much effort into the little details instead of adding new content like new animals, plants, new things to craft, materials and so on. Annoying bugs are also a problem. It seems like the developers lost interest in this and it takes much more time for updates to come out. If you want to buy this game, I recomment you wait until it's finished. That means, if they will ever finish it. Right now I don't think it's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,313120,34429812,Posted: 22 August,all,ExitPlan,"This game was amazing about a year and a half ago.They keep changing stuff, removing working mechanics and replacing them with stuff that simply makes no sense, it's unfortunate, I had really high hopes for this game, played it for hours and hours when I first got it, now I log in and feel sad for about a half an hour then quit."
76561198080924374,Recommended,313120,14155442,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,McKfraggin,"Very interesting game, I assumed that it would be a copy of the forest but was a plesent suprise and very different.  I also expected it to be far more buggy but wasn't bad besides a few shadows and such.  A lot of it is trial and error with the crafting and such but after you play for a bit you'll figure it out.  Here is a video of me playing if you wanna see some gameplay before you buy it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKP55swM8_0&feature=youtu.be"
76561198007948058,Not Recommended,313120,29914260,Posted: 13 February,all,Insane4cefed,"I purchased this title when it first came out and casually played it off and on as it was updated. In its earlier stages I would have recommended the game just because it was successful at making you feel that you were actually playing a survival game. You started out with a handful of items including a water bottle that would get you to the beginning of day 3, if you were unlucky at finding a bucket for water by then you died.Unlike now, buckets were primarily found in shipwrecks that littered the ocean floor and provided a good bit of exploration as you scooted a long in your raft and saw a broken mast sticking up and dived down to search the cabnets and lockers inside the ship. You were instantly pitted against the sharks as you dodged them in between surfacing for air and diving back into the ship to collect the loot. When you got to your raft you weren't safe, the sharks were actually good at tipping over your raft and dumping you back into the water giving you a nice panic attack as you tried to flip your raft back over and get on it before being eaten alive.The updates they have made since then have made some of the things about the game better, but they have also ruined a lot of what was making the game interesting. You don't see large ships sunken in deep water like you used to, as most seem to be half a ship already parked up on a beach for you. The previously coveted bucket is now everywhere on the islands, in my last go at this game I visited maybe 3 different islands and already found 7-8 buckets. If i had even 2 buckets after 10 in game days of play previously I would have considered it a solid session. It was just enough to give you what you needed to keep going, but also not so much that you still had to manage your time and precious daylight doing things that were actually going to let you live another day.As of the time of this review 2/13/17, you will find more than you ever need to survive endlessly in this game in the first 20 minutes of starting a new game. This I guess isn't totally bad but they do not offer you any other game design to replace the hardcore survival aspect. There is no progression, no skills or talents that you slowly grind for to figure out how to make things better and no where interesting to go. Would be a great direction change for them to redesign the entire map of this game and how it is generated, small island perfectly placed X distance apart in each compass direction isn't interesting. Starting out in a small chain of the current sized islands while you slowly build up enough resources and skills to craft a decent raft to sail to a larger more populated island with several interesting locations, landmarks, caves and mysteries to explore would be a delight compaired to what is currently offered in the game world."
,Recommended,313120,14127478,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Jadefelsen,"For a Early-Access Game Stranded Deep looks awesome, nice Textures and Lens-Flare-Effects. All the Animals like Sharks and Crabs are well designed and have nice Animations like biteing and running.The Crabs a terrible, sometimes they run like on drugs and other times they come to the Slaughter :DThe Atmosphere of the Game is great, totally alone on an island and around too much Tiger Sharks. Dont loose your Paddle and your Lighter too, dont loose it!!! :DThe Crafting in this state of Development have a few Objects like Spears (for Fishing), Axes to chop off trees and palms, a hammer and a Campfire what can be upgraded for longer use and cook Animals. There will be a lot more Recipes with the next updates.The realistic craft with store all on the earth ist a bit difficult, sometimes it shows only campfire but not what i want to really craft or upgrade the campfire.Also you can dive a lot for Treasure Chests and other loot in some shipwrecks lying around the isles, but beware the Sharks.Ok thats the Pros, the Cons come now..There are many bugs in between with the Sharks or the Boat. You can handle the Boat like a car and drive over the Isles and the water, no harm no problem. Sometimes the sharks attack and bite but then from one Moment to another they stop and dont want to eat me, the dont see me anymore, they swim around me, but nothin happens...okWhat i want to say its a normal Early-Access Phase, there are bugs, some funny and others are creepy and you loose your life, but its all normal and ok. Its a very fine Game and i would be surprised if its not.When you love Survival Games likeThe Forest(i know its not like Forest Dudes),SaltorGravyou will love the Game, all others dont buy it in Early-Access.Guide for Crafting:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379844357http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379956203+++ Gefällt Euch das Review und wollt mehr Reviews von mir lesen so schaut doch mal bei meiner Kurator-Seite vorbei:Reviews von Jadefelsen!+++"
76561198033782687,Recommended,313120,14361354,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,☣ρнιℓιρρ☣,"After 1,5h of playing my charakter lives under more comfortable circumstances than I do in my student-appartment.There is also a greater variability of food available."
,Recommended,313120,14583902,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ZEE,"Day 1: Alone, doing well. Mentally sound. Met a crab.Day 2: I have married the crab.Day 3: I have eaten my wife."
,Recommended,313120,21937007,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"I wasn't sure I was a fan of survival games until I played Stranded Deep.It's your basic survival game in a tropical island setting. Although it's still in development, Stranded Deep will manage to impress any survival fan. Not only does it has a fun crafting engine and an easy to use base-building system, but it also manages to balance performance and graphics in several ways. I can easily recommend this and say that's it's one of my new favorites.Pros:- Beautiful tropical island setting, Impressive graphics- Fun and easy Crafting, Rafting, and Base-Building system- Explore shipwrecks. Find a shark. Kill a shark/Get killed by a shark- Customizsble island-chain map when starting a new game- Map Editor - Build your own island and place it in your game- Devs are pretty OP. Game is fairly consistant with updates and devs are responsive in the forums.- Really neat 'Spoiling' mechanic. Food goes bad. Raw food and salt water makes you sick.Cons:- Bugs and glitches here and there. Nothing gamebreaking.- Cannot break down base materials once they're built. You can destroy, but not recycle.- Some of the keybindings and controls are a bit odd. Can be changed.- I'm sick of coconutsBy the way, It is indeed a'Cast Away' Simulator. For those who know the film, you'll easily find a handful of things that Stranded Deep takes inspiration from.These include:- The intro- You basicaly only eat coconuts, crabs, & fish- Some of the tools look like the ones used in the film- Some of the things you can build look fimiliar- There's a 'DeadEx' package somewhere- You can find Wilson ""....WILSON!!!..oh thank god...Never again...""Overall - 8.5/10Could use a bit more work, nothing much to complain about. This is just a beautiful game and rather peaceful to play...until you run into a shark that is.Even if you aren't much of a survival fan, I wouldhighlyrecommend this game. I believe I bought this game on sale, but the price for this game is fair. This is one game where you definitely get your money's worth. Devs, keep up the incredible work!"
76561198073428789,Recommended,313120,14399984,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Balahir,"Gender, MaleName, Samuel Smith.Age 35Day 1, 12th AugustPaddle and inflatable life raft, I paddled to shore, unsure of what to expect from such a small and barren island. On arrival I notice the only local inhabitants I can find is a population of what I would now describe to be extremely delicious crabs. Armed with just a knife, paddle and lighter I managed to construct a fairly crude fire in order to cook the local population on. My hunger levels are starting to ease, however I am extremely thirsty and I do not wish to waste the precious water I managed to carry from the wreckage of my plane.With my remaining time I have managed to construct a bed in which to sleep. I will continue the journal tomorrow.Day 2, 13th AugustI awoke blinking and almost blinded by the sun and overwhelmed by the heat. I had only forgotten for a brief moment my current situation. After gathering my senses I set out to start creating some crude tools with which to hunt, cook and craft. I do not yet know how I am going to make a spear, as there appear to be very few rocks around the shoreline on this barren hell I now call home.I managed to somehow scrape enough stone together however to make a crude yet effective axe. Again, night time beckons and I have already eaten my fill of crab for the day.Day 3, 14th AugustI awake to yet again be smacked in the face by the damning reality of my current predicament. With no-one to socialise with, I feel I may become more and more like the crazy stranded hermits I had seen in motion pictures before the crash, talking to coconuts and dancing around fires during the middle of the night. I will not let myself succumb to this.I had spotted just off shore a small sunken vessel, browned with metal decay from the salty waters of my surroundings. I waded out to the vessel to search the cabin and to my surprise, found a woodcutting axe, a lantern and some bandages. Whoever was stranded here in the past or whoever left these supplies clearly perished. I feel their misfortunes are now my savior.Day 4, 15th AugustAfter yesterday's apparent success I have made a formal decision to abandon the idea of living the remainder of my time out on this sandy, dusty hell and I have chosen to gather the supplies I have and make for land...or at least just somewhere else.So far I have not encountered any other wildlife, aside from crabs and sardines just off the shore and continue to rely on that to be my main source of survival. I managed to open some coconuts in order to drink the succulent milk from within. It was like nectar as I had used the remaining fresh water I still had yesterday. Night has dawned...dreamless sleep awaits...Day 5, 16th AugustRising early, I made for the raft and paddle and begun pushing it out to sea. My pack is filled with cooked crabs as I realised this may be a long journey. After eating some food I set out for new horizons, not fully understanding what I was about to run into. I had believes my solidarity from living things had been my great advantage so far, however things were about to change very quickly.Paddling towards a small speck I could see in the distance and at this point could only determine to be another god forsaken island I stopped for a moment to observe the scenary. There are many of these barren wastelands dotted all over the sea and I do not know how far I am from the main land at this point. I think to myself, where could I possibly go to be safe? At this very moment the raft moves from underneath me. Startled by the feeling of what was a fin I could only look over the edge of my raft slowly, trembling with fear and anticipation of what may arise from the depths. In this moment there was silence, only the sound of the ocean's waters lapping against my raft. Still trembling I waited, with bated breath, when suddenly a Tiger Shark appeared from the side of my raft and began swimming quickly towards me. Panicking, I swung wildly with my axe, however this made no difference. The shark knocked me into the water and sent my raft veering away from me. I am now officially in hell. With the shark slowly circling me and moving ever closer I feel the need to get back to the raft, so I do. Quickly I swim towards it and manage to board it. With my hands now shaking uncontrollably I reach for my paddle and begin frantically paddling towards the shore of a nearby island.On arrival I come to an understanding that it was my lack of preparation that caused this inevitable scenario.Day 6, 17th AugustIt's raining. It hasn't stopped raining all morning. All throughout the night it continued to pour as I had spent all night hacking away at the local foliage, in order to gather enough resources to construct a crude dwelling. From my watch, it says it is 7:30am. I am now squatting uncomfortably in my shack, wondering where I go from here. Over my breakfast of crab...again...I come to the idea that perhaps the best way to survive is to hunt the very thing I have now learned to fear. Perhaps this will be my downfall. Now, it seems like the only option.Using a rock I smashed earlier this morning and some sticks found lying on the beach, I have managed to make myself two crude, yet sharp spears to combat my underwater foe. Climbing into my raft with my paddle, spears and axe I make my way to open water. Whilst paddling, I notice a brown pipe breaking the top of the water. This can only be the top of a mast of a ship sunken underwater. After gathering my bravery, I took the decision to dive into the water, completely unaware of any danger in my immediate surroundings. Diving deeper, I open the door to the ship, just touching the sea bed and make my way inside. After opening a couple of lockers I have found a torch, a propeller and a jerry can and within a chest in the main room of the ship's interior I have found some flares. Making my way to the surface to find my raft, I then paddle back to shore and deposited my loot into my shack and waited out the rest of the day. It's now too late to go hunting sharks and I do not wish to do this at night time.Day 7, 18th AugustThe days are starting to blur together, it feels like a week has now passed and I am still no closer to rescue. My idea to hunt sharks is my objective today, so with spear in hand I make my way to the open ocean once more in my trusty life raft. Here I sit, waiting for my prey...or demise...After no longer than 3 minutes on the water I see a dark fin making it's way towards me. With a steady hand I waited until my prey moved closer and then delivered a short, sharp stab with my spear. A solid strike. The shark twitched in irritation. This has clearly angered the beast as he quickly circled back and begun heading towards me once more. Another few strikes as he passed the raft, he is clearly now extremely angry and has begun attempting to ram me from my raft, diving after each attempt. However, during each attempt I manage to land a few blows here and there, wounding the shark. He makes his way for deeper waters and just as he begins to swim away, I land the strike that kills him. I had done it. I had done the impossible. My predator has been vanquished and I have dragged his carcass aboard my raft. With my paddle in hand and my prey laying on my lap, I make my way for shore swiftly, so the beast has no time to foul from the wounds suffered.Upon arriving on shore, I drag him towards my crude hut and fire and begin to butcher him for the meat. I realise now I will be eating shark soon and will not go hungry for a number of days. As I begun to cook the portions of shark, I could not help but feel elation at my victory and began to laugh uncontrollably. After a brief moment of insanity I regain my composure, only to look across the ocean for a brief moment to spot another two fins...It would appear I won't go hungry again for a long time yet......"
76561198109152724,Not Recommended,313120,29404919,Posted: 21 January,all,Koshiro,"This game is one of these games which will never leave their Early Access state. I bought this game when it came out and played it for about 15-20hours. It made fun at the beginning but got boring very fast because there was not much to do. I checked every half a year if something new came out and after these years where i watched the development of the game i came to the conclusion that the game became worse and worse. Seriously, that game was at release better than 2 years later. 2 years of Early Access and there is still nothing much more to do, things got cut away, only small not really game changing updates, graphic engine was changed for no reason, just made the game ugly for month and so on. I buy my games always with great care and that`s why i don`t have many bad games, but this one is one of these bad decisions i made. The Forest which i bought around the same time for example developed really great and so did Subnautica, but this game did not. Its sad to say but i can`t recommend it, don`t buy it now and hope it will be good someday because that day will never come. I don`t write reviews very often but i think i have to for this game, so other people don`t waste their money on a Early Access for eternity game, which is very sad because the game had big potential.Score: 5/10Recommendation: NoSentence to the developers: ""You had big dreams and goals for that game at the beginning I`m certain, but you never knew what you wanna do with it and where the journey should lead. In the end you got stranded deeply and your ambitions lie shattered on the beaches of the still hollow and boring islands of Stranded Deep."
,Recommended,313120,14186764,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mr.Bulldops,Don't discourage this game just because there isn't much to do. Look at minecraft during alpha and compare it to what it is now. I definitely recommend this game and encourage others to support the dev team in building this game up and reaching beyond it's limits.
76561198218706704,Recommended,313120,19182144,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,whered_the_ship_go,"I have been extremely pleased with this game from the day we bought it. The idea is unique and the detail put into the environment is what sets this open world game a part from the rest. With each update there are instant differences that push the game even further.PROS:- Beautiful environment- Crafting- Exploration is fun with diverse settings out in the ocean- Still very worth the price for the early release- These guys take complaints/suggestions seriously, often giving feedbackCONS:- Still repeatative and no goal system"
76561198038868694,Not Recommended,313120,22390725,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Oobarsten,"Great foundation for a game.  It lacks depth though.The biggest negative is that the ocean isn't the least bit scary or daunting.  Sharks never get me if I swim backwards and stare at them and my rafts alway handle every wave.  The ocean is weak.. tamable from the get go.  Where's the epic sea storms?  The high winds with giant waves for 3 days straight because of some weather pattern?  Where's the high tides that make me rethink house locations and make me wish I didn't store that wood (now drift wood) that close to the shore?The chess/checkers like map is meh.  The map size is very small.  I'm in the pacific ocean.  I want it big.  Increasing the map size, spacing out the islands, and creating greater but fair risks with sea travel would make this feel more oceanie.Boating around, looting, and crafting boats & homes in this small environement with the little enviromental factors loses it's fun very very quickly.  It's pretty for a couple hours at least?Also the community for this early access is terrible."
,Recommended,313120,14201656,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Blaze Jay,"Potential for very good survival game w/o zombies.pros:-great water effect-innovative crafting-islands-shipwrecks-smartwatchcons (couldn't find any really):-bugs-no multiplayerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEKo4623rD4Edit: First update from Devs fixed most of the bugs and they add new content too, Motor boat :D I wish other Devs would do such a great job too (**cought** DayZ **cought**)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNlaWSZAV2g"
,Recommended,313120,14824170,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Jewel,"Beautiful game, addictive and enjoyable. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,313120,24148789,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,porchdrinker,"I'm ridiculously addicted to this game.   I played an early build, left the game for awhile, then returned to the latest build, and I can't stop playing.Looking at some of the negative reviews, it's important to know what you're getting.  I think people are expecting an intense survival game.  Maybe it will be as they continue to flesh it out.In its current state, though, Stranded Deep is a relaxing game with some intense survival elements (i.e. entering the water for any length of time, which can cause drowing, poisoning, shark attacks, etc).What the game gives you is a large tropical sandbox to do anything you want for as long as you want.  The caveat is that you are completely alone, save for the creatures in the ocean and two or three forms of wildlife on some of the islands.If you like doing whatever you want at your own pace, can set your own objectives and goals, like playing open-ended games in the first person perspective, and want to have a mostly relaxing experience where you create your own danger, then this game is for you.If you want co-op, constant struggle for survival, pre-defined missions or objectives, or an endgame scenario other than death, you probably need to wait for a future build or find something else to play for now.What I love most about the game is the zen-like experience of being totally alone in the game world (not counting the aforementioned dangers).   It's just you, serene tropical environments, finite natural resources on the islands, and a dangerous ocean that offers infinite food sources, exploration, and potential death.For those having trouble with framerates or jerky movements, just tweak the settings.  Turn off the volumetric clouds, reduce the ocean settings to low, and tweak the mouse smoothness and sensitivity.   The game still looks fantastic even after making these tweaks.   Eventually, the developers will make the higher end settings more optimized for the average gaming rig.For those who struggle when games don't tell you what to do constantly or how to ""win,"" try immersing yourself in the situation and doing what you would do next, or even better, come up with a backstory for your survivor and try to play the game through their eyes.  Bottom line, you have to use your imagination to get the most out of this experience.Overall, I give this game a 9/10, and I heartily recommend it for people looking for a relaxing, entrancing experience with survival elements."
,Not Recommended,313120,33504593,Posted: 13 July,all,goblin,"Apart from the visual assets creator, the efforts of this dev team can be summed up as follows:Utter TrashLet me explain why.There is no balance whatsoever in the game. It is after all a game and not a tech demo, so ultimately balance is very important for a challenging yet rewarding game. Let me give two practical examples of this:1. Storms. Recently they added storms to the game. And during that storm, lightning will strike near you. Every 5 seconds. I'm not kidding. We're talking permament non stop lighting strikes here. So, essentially, some dev found the lightning strikes to be realistic and ready to be patched into the main branch.2. Sharks. They spawn on every wreck as you might have heard. I'm fine with that even though there's essentially no surprise factor. But what i'm not fine with is the respawn rate. I just killed a tiger shark using my refined spears, losing two in the process and thirty seconds later a new tiger shark has respawned.I mean have these guys ever heard of risk vs reward? Or effort vs reward? Because here we are preparing for and taking on the challenge of killing a tiger shark and the reward is a 30 second window. And you can only hold your breath for 10 seconds (again not joking), so a lot of time is returning to the surface. And if you're going to recaim your spears that's another 10 seconds right there. Not a lot of time for exploring the wreckage.It's just lazy. Sure it's early access but there has been little or no improvement for years. I bet we're going to have to wait another six months for them to change the lightning interval from 5 seconds to 20.These things are just the tip of the iceberg.Absolutely pathetic."
,Not Recommended,313120,25059536,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,EdenStarGazer,"That Stranded GameIt's a survival game that may or may not survive. And, if it doesn't, I may not miss it.I've been playing Stranded Deep since March of 2015. It is still in early access, and I haven't heard of an expected release date. I currently have 62 hours in the game, and honestly that is the only reason I keep coming back to check on the progress. I maintain this crazy hope that the game will improve. My year and a half playing this game tells me it may not, even though a lot more people have bought the game in the past year. But, the game continues to have so many flaws, despite the updates.Narrative:Castaway, the movie, with Tom Hanks. Ok, so the story is not original. But, it really doesn't have to be. The movie was great... a classic that I've watched multiple times, which I rarely do with movies. So, the game has a great premise and a classic movie to build upon. Who could go wrong with that? You wander around a desert island, building makeshift hut homes, collect flotsam from the sea, and salvage from sea wrecks; besides seeing all the sea life. Not much could improve on this setting. So, where did the game take such a sad nosedive?Gameplay Mechanic:The interface for the game is sad. It must be the worst crafting system I have yet to experience in gaming. Seriously! Whose idea was this? And, over the course of updates, this has gone from bad to worse. Chop a tree 13 times, then chop the individual logs 13 times, then drag it around, all in a stilted way that resembles real life in no way.Originally they had you piling everything in a pile and hovering over it to craft something from mid air. In the latest updates, they've removed that mechanic, and you just hit c for a menu of craftable items you have on you. But, is that any more realistic? No. Is it simpler? Simply silly if you are on a deserted island. And, they've removed the hotbar and the item in your hand does not show as being in your inventory when you press tab. All in all, they've made changes that are just as ridiculous as the original interface. It takes away from my enjoyment of the atmosphere.Graphics/ Camera:I mentioned the stilted character above. Well, he now is more visible, because you can see his legs when you look down, as if seeing his arm swinging wildly before the camera as you walk & wobble with the arm bounce around the island weren't enough. It makes me more nauseous than eating the raw crabs did. And, now they've changed it so that even the potatoes make you sick in the game. I suppose they must be cooked. But, what is the rationale behind that? Raw potatoes do not make a person sick. Only in Stranded Deep do raw potatoes make a person sick.The art is beautiful and certainly draws me back hoping for something more from this game. But, the graphics are substandard. The character barely moves across the screen, the lag is insufferable, and the framerate struggles. Then there are the numerous surface distortions in the graphics. And, I haven’t seen any of this improve in the past year and a half. I see no hope for this game to ever come out of early access.ResourcesWhen I first started playing, I put over 50 hours into the game, trying to make a go of it. I quickly realized there just weren't enough resources on one tiny island to build a hut of much more than one little cube. This presented the problem of obtaining resources from other islands, which were far enough away that you would have to set up a new base there. Moving resources from one island to another is unwieldy, considering the limit to items you could carry in your inventory. And, there is no way to carry items on a raft that will most likely capsize when hit by a shark in the ocean. So, I lost interest in playing a game where I could not build very much. SInce then, I have only come back to check to see if this is being improved, despite the fact that I can't play for more than 30 minutes at a time because of the swinging camera and swinging arm, without getting nauseous. There really aren't enough resources on these tiny islands. I would suggest making a bigger island for the spawn island, perhaps with caves like in Robinson Crusoe, or the movie.Pros* Great story* Island atmosphere* Island survivalCons* Horribly clunky interface* Camera swings make you nauseous* Lack of substantial resources* Game improvements few & far between, with scant effect* The graphics are poor qualityIt seems my hopes for this game are stranded deep. Will they ever get the interface right? Will it ever leave early access? Will I ever be able to kill a shark? Who cares at this point?! Not me. But, I will check back soon for improvements, and perhaps update my review if that happens. Who knows?"
,Recommended,313120,15282720,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,snas,"Stranded Deep is an entirely new experience for me, seeing as deep sea survival games are about as rare as they come. But rare isn't always good, and a new experience isn't always the best one. Fortunately, Stranded Deep is far from a horribly rare game, and it's new experience is one that I'll be glad to remember. I'll be covering graphics, gameplay, physics, AI, and overall thoughts in their own seperate paragraphs.Graphics:The graphics in this game are breathtaking to say the least. The water's effects and look in this game are probably some of the best I've seen, maybe even the best as far as indie games go. For example, the sun refracts off the ocean rather realistically spreading out across the waves when it's much more set. Not to mention when you're looking into the deep blue, it can easily seem to go on endlessly, raising a few fears in some of the more excitable of gamers. This alone is a pretty impressive feat, in my opinion at least, seeing as water in video games is rarely done well at all, and usually hardly even looks/behaves like water. The actual islands however are a mixed bag. From a glance, the islands look beautiful, usually lush with flora and plentiful with fauna on its beaches; crabs mainly. However, once you take a closer look at the island, that's when you'll start to see some of the cracks on this otherwise gorgerous game. Trees that aren't of the palm variety don't like to seem to spawn correctly half the time. While some trees look fine, perfectly in the ground, others are either partically floating above the ground, and others are too deep, seeing as you're literally able to see where the roots and trunk of the tree simply vanish into the ground. The same can be said for rocks, furns, and even large rocks sometimes. This problem also happens with crates and consoles you find in plane and ship wrecks. Some of the time, the crates or consoles can be partically clipping into its boat or plane.Gameplay:The gameplay for Stranded Deep is very immersive. I constantly find myself fearing to leave the island, as to have to face the endless ocean. Even when you have an island set in mind for paddling to, the wild life in the ocean under you can easily startle you. Not to mention sharks will occasionally draw an interest into the large banana colored life raft, almost non-effortlessly rising the tentions. When it comes to just surviving however, it's a rather different experience. When you first arrive on an island, the player can have any number of goals flash into their mind when they just see what in front of them. The player may see coconuts and crab and immediately start prioritising getting food and water. Or they may take more of an interest in the rocks and sticks laying around and may decide that making a shelter is the best way to go. It's always up to the player, and the consequences to the player are always from the players own choices. (Not counting bugs that cause a cheated death.) The crafting in this game was a very fresh experience for me. The system makes for a different feel than with a crafting menu, seeing as instead of making the item in your menu, you're making it right in front of your character. It's an idea I find is executed very well, as you have a very limited number of inventory spaces, and having to fumble around with items in a menu could cause for a very annoying or frusturating experience.Physics:The physics in this game are a mixed bag in almost every sense of the word. While some things are realistic, in the case of throwing around items and moving things around, or cutting down trees, others are far from it. A prime example of this is the life raft. Once you put more than a few items in it, it sinks. While this could be made realistic, this is far from so seeing as the raft looks like it's meant for 4+ people. Not to mention that, things like duct tape don't even drop into the life raft, they simply float above it as if there was a piece of ply wood rested over the top. The final problem I have with the physics are how items can react with others. When you drag an item against another item, as you'd imagine, it'd push it along. This is true for Stranded Deep, but it doesn't seem to matter the size, or the weight of the item in question. The most note worthy example I can think of is the glitch that can be preformed with the life raft and almost any object. You jump inside and shove the item against the raft, and the raft will begin to push very quickly in the pushed direction, much faster than the game's raft with a motor.AI:The AI in this game is almost astonishing with how in-depth it can be, mainly for the sharks. Each of the three shark types have its own behavior and little quarks about them. For example, if you have yet to aggrevate a Tiger shark, you can sometimes get it to keep its distance just by locking eyes with it. ( Keeping your crosshair over the shark's head. ) While the Blacktip Reef shark is passive, being scared away by coming too close, or even by acting aggressively toward it. The fish's AI are pretty good too, seeing as they rarely swim away from the school and prefer to keep their distance from the player.Overall, this game was in almost no way a disappointment to me. I feel like I got much more than my money's worth for $15, and would have honestly paid another $5 to $10. The game is still in Early Access however, so bugs and glitches are to be expected. For me at least, any fatel ones have never really happened, and the only bugs and glitches I've ran into are minor at best, and only really break the immersion. If you're a die hard fan for PVE survival games, then you'll definitely want to pick this up. But if not, it may be best to either wait for a few more updates to come out, or even the official release, seeing as there isn't much to do besides survive and explore.9/10"
,Recommended,313120,14169189,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Somma1984,"So I've now played a couple of hours and i have to say this game has some real potential. The whole look and feel are great. The atmosphere is ""alive"" and it really sucks you into the game. At the moment the game is still pretty buggy and I've used many four letter words while playing (especially whenever my raft just disappeared and i was lost at sea and surrounded by sharks), but that's just what you have to live with when playing alpha.What I like:- The atmosphere: I really feels like ""Cast Away"" or something like that.- The freedom: You can travel, build a camp, hunt, craft, and so on. Do whatever you like, just don't forget to eat and drink.- The crafting system: it still has its issues (stuff lying closely together can make things being involved that you didn't want to get involved) but i like the general idea of this system.Few things I would like to see changed / updatet:- More rocks. Damn, sometimes i had to travel to 5 islands before i had enough rock for a fire pit and an axe! That's really annoying since the islands are usually 3-5 minutes of boring RMB-pressing apart.- The islands. They look very nice, yes. I only hope there are going to be more different types of them and also really big islands.- More things to craft. A house boat would be nice. Or if one could place the bed *inside* the hut. How about an engine for a boat and more boat types and not just rafts?- How about finding stuff on the beach?Generally I really like this game and again, I think it has great potential. Since it's only in alpha atm, there is still a long way to go and i hope we will get some updates soon."
76561197983131544,Not Recommended,313120,28140872,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Metatron,"Do a favor to yourself and stay away from this game , devs dont care literally , 2 years almost since early access and almost nothing has been added, buy subnautica insteadYou will have fun for a day or two then you will realize theres nothing in this game.p.s to all the fanboys shooting hate msg's and the list of what is added adding an inventory menu after 2 years is more than laughable , also the fact there are 2 people working on this game is not my problem and i shouldnt have to wait till 2025 to see the game complete (and even then im not sure about it)"
,Recommended,313120,14216238,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Darth Tormounus,day 1: spawned right next to a island quickly get on and start surviving. but something weird going on. the music for shark near by plays all the time but no shark in sight.day 2: shark music is now just playing all the time i wonder whats going on i said. i keep playing and go to some sunken ships and find not one not two but three machetes.day 3:shark music is still going on getting a little annoyed because i don't see sharks anywhere then out of nowhere a shark kills me. from under the island.11/10 land sharks will ♥♥♥♥ you up
,Recommended,313120,16071823,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Focus,"Stranded Deep is a great survival game. It's amazing to play....for about a week. The game is really repetitive for the fact that you spawn on an island, build/do whatever you want, die, restart. I DID enjoy the game though, don't think I hated it, I just don't like playing it anymore for the repetitive factor. 6/10 -RiNOFocus"
76561198055372428,Recommended,313120,14292873,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DragonChapAUS,"Day 1: I am in my 9 million dollar private jet, got drunk and sat down. as I do that, the force of me sitting down causes a massive hole to open in the plane, am I really that heavy? We crash land in the ocean and I swim to a perfecty placed life raft (dont know who put it there, I was the only survivor)Day 2: I woke up in my life raft and paddle out to a island a few meters away. after setting up a small base of operations, I decide to take my raft to another island. I heard a tune play to signal a shark was near by, I saw it! I have been watching gameplays and the only shark type I've seen is bull sharks. I decide to paddle closer, still quite small. Closer, around the size of a bull shark.... But alot darker. Closer, Much bigger than a Bull shark. Clos- HOLLY SH*T! ITS A GREAT WHITE! *paddles at 200Km* (I have a HUGE fear of sharks)Day 3: I decided to stay on my island today after yesterdays event. the whole day was just looting coconuts and cooking live crabs. Then I decided to make a ""HELP"" sign out of rocks, *makes half the sign* out of rocks... dammit...Day 4: I needed more rocks for my ""HELP"" sign so I paddled out towards another island. I hear the tune again... Its playing over and over! its like a Ipod with teeth! I look around for where the shark(s) where, and all I see is a group of 6-7 bull sharks migrating towards me, I decide to sit and watch them. then suddenly, one of them gently touches the side of my life boat with its tail and my boat fires across the water and over an island... never to be seen again. I suddenly realized, the only thing under me was water... FmlAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *makes it back to my island*Day5-8: Been doing nothing but eating crabs and coconuts... I think I'm going crazy, I saw a sharks fin moving through the sand the other day...Day9-11: I'm starving, out of food, no way of leaving the island alive, I now sit and watch the sun set over the shark fins circling the island... I am Stranded... Deep"
76561198263852477,Not Recommended,313120,32143427,Posted: 2 June,all,Locotoperus,Looks like this game got stranded in Early Access...
76561198234964552,Recommended,313120,31228984,Posted: 18 April,all,jaredes291,this game is awesome but it needs a multiplayer so I can have a plane crash with my friends maybe make it so we all spawn on different islands so we have to find each other :)
76561198066253605,Recommended,313120,20610715,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SABINA,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=603202762One of the very best Early Access titles available, and easily in my top 3 survival sandbox games. I love the idea here, and the direction it's going. For that genuine deserted island survival experience you just can't beat Stranded Deep. The audio is masterful and immersive, very realistic, with the occasional chords of music at appropriate times. The lighting from the upgraded engine makes for the most beautiful sunsets and the most realistic water I've seen. Seldom have I felt more dread in a game than when diving out on a beautiful, sunlit reef when it suddenly drops out, and at your back is nothing but the black darkness of the deep ocean... you see the flicker of a huge dorsal fin out of the corner of your eye and hear the chords of music that let you know... you are being hunted. These features, combined with the survival and crafting elements, and a map editor that allows you to create your own custom world space, make for a truly immersive survival experience.Some very minor improvements that I would like to see, to improve immersion: A chair to just sit in, by the fire, and watch the sun set or the moon rise. The ability to make time pass in real time. The sound of rain falling should reflect the type of roof it is falling on when inside a shelter. Caves. Fishing (there is spear fishing, but bait and tackle fishing would really be an impressive feature). An ultimate end-goal, or a story campaign, would be nice, but not necessary for the experience.I've been checking in with the state of the game every couple weeks or so, and I can say that it is progressing and growing. Regardless of some of the negative reviews, the devs really are listening to the community and doing their best to please everyone, often straying from their original vision to appease people. It seems the devs are learning some key attributes of almost any online community:1) Generally, many people are the most vocal when they have something negative to say. Conversely, those that are pleased often say nothing.2) You can't possibly please everyone.A good example of these things is the history of the crafting system in Stranded Deep. In earlier builds the crafting system was intuitive and had no actual in-game guide to tell you that a stick + a rock + some lashing = a crude hammer. You had to figure it out, and there was some satisfaction in that. And I found it more realistic. After all, why would our plane-crash survivor just happen to have the Webelos Field Guide To Deserted Island Survival in his back pocket? Despite the fact that there were numerous guides on the community hub, with all the recipes spelled out, many people found this crafting system too difficult to understand and demanded an in-game guide a'la other survival games. So it was done. But now all the people who liked the previous system, but said nothing, are loudly vocalizing their disapproval of the new system. Even evoking maudlin hyperbole that the game is ruined, the devs betrayed them, they have lost their way and sold out... etc. ad nauseum. (I should say here that I like different aspects of both the old and the new crafting systems. It is a means to an end, and not a make-it-or-break-it feature of the game.) So hopefully, lesson 1 and 2 here have been learned and the devs will remain faithful to what makes a game great; when the devs truly believe in it, and they make a game that they themselves would enjoy. You will never please everyone, but if, at the end of the day, you have remained true to yourself, you will have truly achieved something worthwhile.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=603679541edits and updates are in the comments below"
,Recommended,313120,15584033,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pitstop Head,The game is visually stunning! The devs are active and they are adding things to the game on a regular basis.The sense of loss that you get while playing is real and the I can almost feel the sun on my back as I play.
,Not Recommended,313120,32077197,Posted: 30 May,all,Coldhollow csgoroll.com,"This is a good game, with a lot of potential, like many early access titles. However, the game still needs a great deal of polishing. I have played this game a fair amount since it first came out (around 60 hours or so, Ive played a lot offline when I have no internet connection), and it has improved a good deal from what it was. But its taken 2 years for these improvements to happen. While yes, it is being created by fairly new indie developers, 2 years is far too long, and honestly, the game doesnt feel much different from when it came out. Yeah its polished a bit, but its still feels like the same game, just with more base building.Movement is not at all smooth and most character animations need a good deal of work, inventory management has improved, but its still pretty annoying to work with. Shark AI has actually gone down hill in my opinion, they've gone from being realisticly curious when first encountered, to being a Terminator shark intent on killing you from the start.The islands within the game have improved a lot, with a substantial increase in size and aesthetic appeal. But they still aren't the islands that I wanted when I first started playing. I wanted Pirates of the Carribbean or a Tom Hanks 'Cast Away' style islands. Large islands that you could properly explore, with lagoons and rock pools or cave systems. But I was disappointed by the size and variation of the islands. Every island, though different in shape, is really the same island with just more resources.The game has been made using the Unity Engine, and Beam Team has done a great job making the game look good. Shadows, lighting and textures have been done quite well in my opinion, but in truth I would prefer the graphics be worse and actual gameplay be much better. I would venture to say that their work on the graphical side of the game has meant that the gameplay aspect has suffered greatly.Overall, this is a good game, with a lot of potential to be a game that I and my friends would keep going back to for the survival experience. However, I cannot recommend it due to the infrequent updates, and overall gameplay quality. If you like supporting new developers, and love a good survival experience, then by all means get the game. But I would wait until they make some serious updates to the gameplay, or until the game leaves early access. Getting the game in early access was a mistake in my opinion. Having played a decent amount of the game, I am bored and tired of the game, and in all honesty, I probably wont come back to the game, even if it progresses greatly from its current state.TL:DRAdequate game, needs a lot of work, wait for early access to end5/10"
,Recommended,313120,14235475,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ink3D 4L,"Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip.I had a great little starter island going and everything was fine. I got to the point where I wanted a fire pit instead of the campfire. The problem was I didn't have enough rocks. Can't be too hard to go out and grab a few rocks right?I decided to venture off to a nearby island. I left my binoculars I found in a shipwreck, thinking since it was so close that I wouldn't need them. Boy was I wrong!I got to the second island fine, found my rocks and headed back out. I went in the direction I came from and felt pretty confident that it was the right direction. Out of the three islands I could see, I chose the wrong one. No biggie I thought, just head off to the next one.As I paddled to the next island, things went very wrong. Just as I left a storm started coming in. I figured it I kept my crosshair steady I could paddle through. Then I heard it...the shark music. In a panic I spun around to see where it was coming from. Turning back I realized that I now had no clue where I was. The storm was now worse and I couldn't see any islands at all.I decided to sit down and wait for it to pass. Unfortunately the sharks had other plans. They started nudging my boat, trying to knock me out. I didn't fall out and decided to take some screenshots of the sharks. Feeling comfortable, I ""shift-tabbed"" out to look at my shots. Bad move!When I came back to the game I was in the water. With a knot in my stomach, I pulled out my machete and started chasing the sharks around in a panic. I stabbed them a few times and realized I wasn't effecting them with this weapon.Coming up for air, I noticed my raft and mad a mad dash for it. I got back in my raft and was ""safe"" once again. Unfortunately now it was turning to night and the sharks were now circling my raft.I was able to make it till dawn without any other incidents. Now it was time to pick a direction. I did and began my rowing. The first Island I came to was not my starter island (of course). At this point I considered starting a new here. It was very unlikely I would ever see my original home again. Instead I started off for another try.This time I came back to the second island I got the rocks from. Now I had a chance. I found where I thought I arrived the first time I was there and headed out. After another failed island attempt, I finally came across the started island I call home. I never thought I would see it again. It was such a great feeling to see my hut again.That was one of the craziest self guided adventures I have ever been on in a game! With more stuff to craft and do, this game will be even more amazing.The fire pit looks great next to my bed by the way!"
,Not Recommended,313120,28747821,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ReZpawner,"The game is no longer procedurally generated, and you're stuck with a small number of islands that may or may NOT give you all the resources you need. Features have even been removed - sunken wrecks and procedurally generated islands being the two major ones. Even the intro has been cut short.These limitations, without any decent new features being added leaves very little choice but to not recommend it."
76561198037138569,Not Recommended,313120,18157112,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,GordnBenit,"Still kinda waiting for this game to go somewhere really...If I could give a neutral recommendation I would, because the game itself isn't bad, it's a fantastic and realistic simulator. It's just not as good as it could be. For instance, the size and layout of islands is one of these factors, there is simply no variation in this regard, I'm sure it couldn't be too hard to implement islands with varying 'biome' types with varying size and height into island generation but what do I know. And atleast add a story or missions to work on... it'd be nice if you could escape the islands! What is the point of trying to survive if there are no aims or goals, sure you can explore the wreckages and islands but even then that becomes a chore because they're far too frequent and far too similar, the experience of exploring them rarely differs. Building a stick hut and eating crabs every meal of the day is where the game ended for me.Considering games that are already out offering a similar (and better) experience e.g. Subnautica, Salt, The Forest, the developers really need to sort out the issues that stop this game from achieving its full potential. I'm not sure when they even last updated it."
,Recommended,313120,14875117,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,M I A M I,Find Wilson simulator 2015
,Recommended,313120,32866179,Posted: 27 June,all,Dchild59,It's a fun game to play around with!I really like all the latest updates I see with this game it's been a lot of fun to play I can't wait to see what else they add to itI still hate the snakes!!!
,Recommended,313120,14975722,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,☭ Mr.Frie Frie ッ,Play 30 minutes look at phone 4 hours have passed
,Recommended,313120,22140148,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ehnonymoose 🐾,My main wish is that this game had multiplayer! :D9/10 [would be 10/10 if it had multiplayer!]
76561198105479922,Recommended,313120,16270283,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,EverestSahara,"I would like to address the developers on some things after playing for just a short while so far, what I have noticed.- Imagine, most players feeling inclined to buy a nice glossy survival guidebook with the Stranded Deep logo on the front, giving instructs, tips and hints on survival, just as a regular survival book would ie:SAS survival guide. True survival guide book for the game that can be referenced -1. Sometimes it rains without a cloud in the sky.2. I can still hear the campfire while underwater.3. The raft, when I have to travel to another island to gather supplies, I cannot stock up the raft to bring them back to my base, the raft will sink, and even carrying a few items, they will fall out while paddling.4. With flippers on, the speed at which I swim is extremely fast.5. Its too easy to survive, I love that this game would be more of a survival simulator, which I think is what you intend. It is supposed to be hard, difficult, strategy and takes more thought. Make getting fish harder, food more difficult. And water. You can be unique in this genre, a survival simulator, not a survival game, many will flock to this.6. When a storm arrives or hurricane for example, there should be waves, swells, harsh seas. Difficult to go out in to.7. Bigger islands of course.8. More items and buildings to craft.9. Spear fishing should be much more difficult, and have an easier option with crafting a fishing pole to fish as well.10. I get hungry all the time way to quick, while it seems I rarely have to drink, it should be the opposite!!! you need water more so than food.. this is a no brainer.Summing up, survival is a constant struggle, not dying every 24 hours, manageable, but right now is way too easy. The effects, graphics and feeling is awesome, and I do hope that you keep the game true to survival, accurate and add or take away what you need to make it a pure survival simulator that can be played for hours on end with always having something to do, that never gets old.Great game, but a lot that needs to be done yet, as of now, 8/10   Can easily be 10/10 if it goes in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,313120,19708407,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[CT] Errorless,"I really wished I could recommend this game because it was a good game in the beginning. Instead of just adding features to what it already was, they decided to change the graphics engine which resulted in a glitched out island that makes the game very unplayable. Everything from trees to items you pick up flash from color to black every half a second and you see all sorts of strange shapes. The graphics were already really great and the update that changed the graphics really ruined the whole gaming experience for me. I know this is probably a computer specific problem, but it's good to do some thorough research because my computer fits the recommendations given by the developers."
76561198076130476,Not Recommended,313120,17117338,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,✿『彩華』✿,"""Stranded deep has potential"" -Reviews during January-Febuary 2015Looks like we're the ones being stranded...Yeah, sure, it has potential, it has been since the first day it was released. It's just that the devs haven't taken advantage over it. I bought this game about 2 weeks after it was released into early access. At the time I thought to myself, ""Wow, I can't wait for them to start expanding on this game!"". Still waiting... Some people would argue that they have expanded on it. Sure, it's had bug fixes that fix about 2 at a time per week (Bug fixes like ""fixed walking up steps""), which i guess is called ""expanding the game"".The only significant additions that I've noticed when I played after many ""updates"" were singrays, oil rigs, turtles, and smaller sharks. (Over about 6 months of updates). The concept is great, it's just that the additions being added are coming out like the dev team is only one person.Don't buy at the state or price that this game is in right now, there are many more Early-Access games out there that are worth your money that are of a similar genre and have much more content. (Subnautica, The Forest, ARK)"
76561197977112180,Not Recommended,313120,32918225,Posted: 28 June,all,.:ẀČ:. ĒăğlëŤălðŋ TR,"At this time it is not worth it to the budget gamer. The begining is fun, but you quickly establish yourself (<30 day in game approx 12-14 hrs) then nothing. With no story or goal it becomes clock watching. I then began searching more wrecks just for boxes and lanterns for decoration. As a result, I eventually run in to the boarder buoys. Currently at 50 days alive, only minor injuries sustained and treated. I have killed tiger sharks, gone deep diving. All that is left is to hunt a Great White and a Black fin, and find more lanterns.I should stated that I played The Forest a couple months before this one. The Forest set a really high bar for story, exploration, combat, and survival.Stranded Deep is a very pretty game runs well. Storms are epic. But once your past the first 15 in game days very little challenge. Has potential but so does a million other games that never come through. I wanted to give this a positive review and visually and mechanically I can, but it is not a sustainable play."
76561198060446352,Recommended,313120,14476225,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KrazyK,"Playing the Game, Minding my own business in a raft.Get to shore.Look over and notice a shark. that cocky fella was giving me a glare.He wanted to fight.He starts to get closer.He must of smelled the 15 dead crabs I slaughtered.Dive into the ocean like a mad man, axe in hand.get a few good chops before he grabs me and drags me out to sea.I escape to the island. staring back at him.He gives me that look of victory before he starts to swim off.This enrages me.I try once more to slay the beast.He grabs me.Oh god, i'm going to die.He doesnt drag me to the unforgiving ocean this time.He Divebombs into the sand, pushing through it like its not even there.Once he lets go, my lower body is buried in the island.I look around, Landshark is nowhere to be seen.This is misery.I shove the crabs into my mouth. All of them.Die of food related causes.10/10"
76561197988635136,Not Recommended,313120,34747156,Posted: 4 September,all,Wreckquiem,"I feel bad for anyone who played this in its early days and loved it, like me. It has become stiff, clunky and has lost its wonderful immersion and controlls. Maybe I'll check in on this game in a year with the hopes that the devs have taken several steps back (never said that about a game before) but at this stage I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,313120,34539120,Posted: 27 August,all,MedBlackstar,"When this game first hit early access it was amazing. It was beautiful, there was a tutorial that taught you how to use things, and everything seemed to work really well. I was hoping that they would fix the bugs, polish the game, maybe add in a multiplayer element. Unfortunately they've taken a completely different path. They've removed the relevance of the plane as it is no longer a tutorial, they've completely changed the inventory and crafting system, and they've altered the resources. The game used to be incredibly fun, but now it's basically an unplayable, unfun mess. Devs, if you happen to see this, please fix the game and make it fun again. I really loved what this used to be."
76561198134436248,Recommended,313120,29433531,Posted: 22 January,all,Marine_bandit,great game NEEDS MULTIPLAYER
76561197983528456,Recommended,313120,14244167,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,whiteFOX.MistaX32 [YA],"From the start you can see a beautiful landscape with very playable gameplay to it. Already impressed with how well things are working, granted, there are bugs, but at this early stage I'm impressed at how well things are being handled.Best way to summarize it all:You will feel like Tom Hanks in the movie Cast Away.Perhaps you will find your Wilson if you are lucky.10/10 would lose Wilson again.We can expect lots of additions such as greater landscape variations, more flora and fauna and more things to make. As it stands now I would say it's rather on the easy side seeing as every island is pretty much the same (survivalwise) and you have everything you need to live indefinetely on your island unless you decide to eat cooked food in which case you will be making many trips for wood on neighboring islands.I am very impressed at the game's current standing but cannot wait to see how it will develop.What follows are my thoughts on ""the bad"" and how I hope it develops.At the moment as things stand, islands and world are somewhat monotonous.1. Everywhereyou look in the ocean you can seemany small islands.2.One major flaw I find is thatfrom a distance(i.e. not  are directly in front),islands look exactly the same. Look carefully and you will see that such is the case, it is a generic image. This makes it hard to ""judge"" islands or get your bearings.3.Apart from aesthetics,islands are the same. Numbers may vary slightly but you will always find the following (of use) on an island: somesticksandstoneslying around, somepalm treesand a fewyuccaandpotato plants. Optionally you may find some loot on ship wrecks (I have found them to be unnecessary for survival except for perhaps the compass). On top of all, roughly speaking,islands are same size.There are of course many things that need fixing and that is normal, it is unfinished and still in the making. None, some, or maybe all of things we come up with are planned for later updates. Nevertheless, here are somepoints I would personally like addedin futureregarding island structure/build:1. Size variation, larger islands in general. More random, sometimes I want to be drifting in front of the smallest patch of volcanic rock and other times I'd like to see a sizable island as seen on ""Cast Away"".2. More varied landscape.Show me dangerouscliff edgeswith a surf that will puncture your life boat on the cliff rocks. Better hope you find some wood for a raft. Most small islands appear due to previous volcanic activity so perhaps more pronouncedrocky hillsperhaps somesmall caves(just like in Tom Hank's island in Cast Away) to act as a shelter from heavy rains and winds.More potential variety due to previous volcanic activity:small tunnels from previous lava flow, potential black shore sands, barren landscapes (but lush and fertile on others due to increased mineral content) with only the toughest survivors like iguanas, lava lizards (and other species), geckos and snakes. [# Note: I don't want to mention too much about wildlife as I am certain more will be added as well as flora]4. Reduce island count, increase distance.Increased island size should help with this but I don't like waking up every day and paddling to the neighboring islands for wood every day.I want the open water experience to be more thrilling and dangerous. I want to be able to pack a raft with resources to survive my hopefully-not-too-long journey without seeing all those small puny islands all over the place. Make merisk everything on the open waters for a chance at a new, hopefully more bountiful home.5. Lacking resources, more challenging.This is how we get by the seemingly easy opportunity of the large island mentioned before.Truly randomize resources. Larger islands may be great for building materials and firewood but could be completely lacking in yucca plants, potato plants or other future resources. This mayprevent you from building/crafting certain thingsforcing you to survive on a different diet and to eventually move.You start with a KNIFE, the ability to make FIRE and a LIFE-BOAT.I want my stranded life boat to look like a swimming pool when it rains so that I may temporarily survive a barren landscape along with a raw fish diet. Flip the lifeboat and give me shelter. Puncture it on the reef or cliff edge and better hope I have access to water and shelter (I could make myself a raincoat or a makeshift sail out of the punctured materials though).Those are my thoughts on ""island structure/build"". Right now I can survive indefinitely on my island on potatoes which regrow in < 2 mins real-life-time and drink from my stash of coconuts which regrow anyways. I don't chop down a single palm tree on my island so I have the largest coconut farm possible. I have all I need to survive. As long as I have a rock shard (doesn't get damaged) I don't even need tools.Of course this will all change in future. I think the first resource that needs to be addressed iswater. One should praise the heavens when itrainsand are able tocollect vital water for the upcoming days.Increase difficulty over time by using seasonal changes; reducing chance of rainfall (and thus your ability to collect enough drinkable water) or highly increased rainfall, dropping temperatures, maritime conditions, and making life miserable on other fronts.Can't wait to see what this game has in store for us in the future."
76561198094060331,Recommended,313120,31495728,Posted: 1 May,all,RotorGrrl,"This game is just pure fun, joy, relaxation, and intense moments. Here is a shining example of this.Started a new game, did the usual resource gathering, exploring the world, wreck diving. Found a bunch of useful stuff, and made a speargun and some ammo for it. Then I quickly put together a small wooden raft with a sail. Looking at my food supplies, crap we are super low on food, coconuts have all been picked and eaten... I need real food! Lets go shark hunting! I launch my brand new sailboat raft and equip my speargun and i sail around my island until I spot a tiger shark. This will be a perfect meal. I take aim and fire a few arrows into the shark. It gets super mad. It takes a run at me and nudges my boat. Silly shark, I think to myself... you can't get me im on a boat! Hit him with another arrow. He gets mad and hits my boat again. I'm laughing at the shark for hitting my boat instead of swimming away! Then all of a sudden, the shark slams my boat and flips me off of it!!!! I didn't even know that could happen! Now I am panicking! I am in deep water, my raft is upside down and this shark is hella mad at me! I start swimming for shore, but its further away than I thought. This can't be happening... The shark gets me. He does worse things to me than I ever did to him. I die.Game is amazing."
76561198035562456,Recommended,313120,15063476,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Girthy Remorhaz,"Day One:Plane crashed in the Pacific Ocean, barely escaped the wreckage. Passed out in a life raft. Good thing I had a cocktail...Day Two:Woke up, raft was floating near an island. Thank God a current didn't pull me out to sea. Found a coconut. Drank from it. Ate the meat from it. Still hungry. Made a fire, then improved the fire. Made a small shelter with three walls and a roof, keeps me out of the rain and lets the heat from the fire in. I've got crabs! Found a crab hole and ate like a king. Unfortunately, I chopped down all the trees and am running low on coconuts and sticks for the fire.Day Three:Decided to make for a new island. Loaded life raft with cooked crabs, coconuts, and some rocks. Raft sank fifty meters from island. Debated on whether or not to swim to another island or go back to home island. Saw a shark. Frantically swam to home island, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ screaming, and crying; all at the same time.Day Four:Shark is circling island, he has friends. They won't leave. Creepy piano/Jaws music plays in my head. Night is coming, a storm rolling in. No more wood for fire, no more food, and no more coconuts.Day Five:So thirsty....So....Hungry....Sharks are staring at me. Won't....Leave....Me....Alone.....10/10Would die of dehydration again."
76561198017076330,Recommended,313120,14376992,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mouflon,"Day 32, Now have a respectable base on my island, which I aptly named ""Shark Island"" after the 3 sharks that chased me on the shore screaming (IRL) on day 4. Im the only one here, except ""Sancho the sand-shark"" who has kept me company since I got here. Also Haddock the crab who lives in my life-raft. have yet to find Wilson.I have a stockpile of coconuts and plans are made to explore an Island due South-west.Day 33, At dawn me and Haddock paddled out due South-west, still terrified of sharks and have a bad case of deepsea-phobia. at midday I had to stop for a snack when that music started playing. I turned around and glimpsed the dorsal fin of a Tiger-shark the next second it pushed me and Haddock into the water. I am currently out in open ocean with half a coconut and a crude spear. Haddock is sinking into the depths below me, like that scene from titanic."
76561198162396051,Recommended,313120,14143122,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dj Spazzy,"Must admit, love this game, only two problems i am having, 1. im not very brave when it comes to exploring the sea :D. 2. When i go far from island, when you leave the island zone or, ""Chunk"", the raft dissapears, leaving me dead in the water for sharks to eat, personally i have a fear of the deep sea, but im getting better with it, but the raft thing is an issue if i want to expand my main island. Please fix :)"
76561198119182960,Recommended,313120,15012513,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Echo,"I like that it is a break from all the zombie games coming out. I do like the idea behind it, you are alone on an island all by yourself. There is really no danger on land, which is nice for a change, the only danger being starvation, dehydration, and broken limbs. When you in the water that is a different story.Things to Add/Improve:-A bow and arrow/throwable spear-Larger islands with more trees-More wild life (birds, seals, etc.)-A harpoon/ harpoon gun pick up (Only find it on ships, not craftable)-Some way of increasing inventory space (Backpacks)-Flying planes and sailing ships can be signaled by a flare for rescue-Someway of putting out your fire and saving the wood for when it is not needed-Loose items on the ocean floor will wash up on random beaches (Dead stuff, dropped items)-A wooden crate to store stuff (Dump items in it like coconuts to sort things, not like the crates from Rust)-Packages found on islands can be opened for random stuff"
76561198084923504,Recommended,313120,19460884,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Taesbil,"Seems like it has a lot of potential for an alpha game. Development indeed seems to be slow, but that may mean the team is just waiting until they get actually good ideas.+ Crafting UI is simple and easy to learn, although some may wish to see even the items they don't have mats for in the list.+ Beautiful graphics even on low quality.+ At least initially fun to play, may get boring on the long run unless you get creative.- Needs to have more crafting options, more dangers and more content in general. This just needs time.- Please add a climbing function to the raft. I am sick of just jumping on it only to fall deep into the water especially when a shark is chasing my butt. ;w;"
,Recommended,313120,14410169,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Curs0r,"I've paid more than twice as much, for games I liked less than half as much... and it's only v 0.01. Hanging out with Wilson, munching on coconuts, stabbing sharks, diving into wrecks. Most enjoyable."
,Recommended,313120,14210733,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Lewner,"Not your ordinary survival early access game, this one actually seems to be moving forward.The developers are active and responsive, most of the bugs found were fixed four days after release.The game is great as it is, definitely worth $14.99 and I wouldn't be surprised if they increased the price once the full version is released.Fun, immersive and surprisingly addictive, Stranded Deep shines hope on the survival games genre."
76561198210552312,Recommended,313120,29577394,Posted: 29 January,all,sousouke183,"Stranded Deep is a good game, but it does need some more work on it. I liked playing it and for early access it works pretty well. As a note before you buy the game: don't dig up potatoes you're not going to eat immediately, smoke meat don't cook it, and if you want to save coconuts don't skin them or half them because they will spoil."
76561198127418789,Recommended,313120,14127107,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,armordonio,"review Edit 6/5/2015Why would you want to play this game?Because you can train your survival skills. so when your plane crashes in the ocean with thousands of islands you are prepared.Where do you spent most your time(in the game)?on your raft with some sharks around you, and on a island smaller then your backyard(also counts if you dont have an backyard).Where is the good stuff?Deep in the waterWhat can kill you?Hunger and thirst, your only deadly enemy is a shark.Are there many animals to be found?If you mean different sharks, yes. O and i forgot to say that there are also some non killing fish.Are the graphigs really that good as they look in the screenshots?YesCan you pretend being Jack Sparrow and running around an campfire singing?YesShould i buy this game?No, if you dont like survival,high atmosphere,taking risks and being scared of sharks.Rating: (still)9/10 (died in the first few minutes by trying to make an shark pregnant)"
76561198127792402,Recommended,313120,14242196,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Surge,All I'm gonna say is....When they add co-op....They have to add cannibalism.It's all in the name of survival right?Right....
76561198068232407,Recommended,313120,14131929,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GetForkStabbed,"Tom Hanks Simulator 2015, this game is golden. I plan on playing through its development."
,Recommended,313120,14126654,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Boobie Pillow,"UPDATE 27/12/2016after 6 months of not playing i decided to give the latest build a try.  I did notice some visual improvements specifically related to the player model and the islands. I also noticed the addition of a new inventory UI (which is pretty great) and the more pointless change of the crafting UI.  Tbh It seems like a lot of time is going into a lot of pointless changes in this game that should NOT sacrifice time from making the overal game experience. You barely see any other types of sharks or any real marine life. The sharks behave pretty much the same as they used to but dont get stuck in the ground.  Even a 3 man team should have had all of these ""updates"" done within a year.... not 2.So look. this game is worth getting if you get it on a steam sale, even if its just to play around with it for a few hours. BUT DO NOT EXPECT THIS GAME TO EVER LEAVE EARLY ACCESS AS A COMPLETE GAME THAT CONTATINS DAYS OF FUN!UPDATE 22/06/2016SOOOOOOO the latest adition to the game came out.... saw some pretty bad gameplay of it.... havn't bothered to even try them out..... that say something about the ""update""....UPDATE 26/01/2016IMPROVEMENTS! FINALLY. With the latest addition of custom rafts and storage containers on them (coming soon) I CAN FINALLY SAY THAT THE DEVS HAVE LISTENING, and also raised the bar. Multiple changes from different construction types and larger islands have made this game umbundant with fun.You also don't see sharks every time you jump into the water..... which is nice.UPDATE 30/09/2015I still think this game is a gem... however because you cannot store things in your raft, that gem has stopped the raft from moving, flipped it upside down, fallen all the way down in the deep water biome never to be seen again.Developers. Seriously. What happened? The changes you have made are barely noticeable you would swear that this game was just released for pre-alpha.______________________________________________________________________ORIGINAL THOUGHTSThis game is great for a pre-alpha just released.I personally do not find it similar to ""the forest"" and I have seen the development of that game since the game was first available on steam. This game has A  HECK OF A LOT OF POTENTIAL!!!! the crafiting system is AWESOME and going in the water at night..... well... let's just say ♥♥♥♥ THAT.I really look forward to the future of this game and believe there is plenty more to come from this gem!"
,Recommended,313120,15120117,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Iron Dagger,"no rating yetSD is like playing Survivor when it was about surviving instead of using your tribe to win you some money.  Out here you have no tribe just your wits and a few items salvaged from prior wreckages.  Don't look for an immunity idol because there isn't one, anything can kill you.   HINT: Find a compass early to ease navigating the isles.Constant updates lend to the success of this Early Access game"
,Recommended,313120,32214342,Posted: 5 June,all,JuaNDeaK2k,"Stranded Deep was released on Steam Early Access on Friday, January 23rd, and at the time I played it, it was sitting at number three on the Steam Top Sellers list. Clearly, many of us aren't tired of survival crafting games yet, or maybe we're just all hoping to find one that's doing things a little differently.This one certainly doesn't start differently. Just like The Forest, Stranded Deep begins with a plane crash. Unlike The Forest, the island you wind up stranded on is tiny and not inhabited by naked cannibals, though sharks—the naked cannibals of the deep—patrol the waters offshore. Once you've paddled to land, you begin gathering sticks and stones to make axes and hammers, chop down trees for firewood and shelter, and search for foods such as potato plants, fish (hunted with a spear), and crabs. There's no HUD: to see your stats you can glance at your wristwatch which shows your health, hunger, and thirst.Crafting isn't done in an inventory pane but on the ground in front of you, similar to another Early Access game, TUG. Drop stuff into a pile and an icon notifies you if something can be crafted. This method is a bit more realistic than a crafting window, I suppose, but it comes at the cost of convenience, and coupled with the lengthier act of going through your inventory and manually dropping items on the ground just to find out if you can make something, I'm not sure it's entirely worth it.The procedurally generated islands of Stranded Deep are small and nondescript. There are shipwrecks as well, sometimes beneath the waves, sometimes right on the island, usually with a few lockers and crates to search. Once I found a highly useful machete, another time I came away with a flare gun. I found part of an engine and an empty jerry can, hinting that there may be ways build more complex watercraft.Cooking is tricky in that you need to physically hold your food in the campfire for a certain period of time, and after doing it a dozen times I still don't know how long that is. I let the sizzling sounds recycle and replay several times and 'crab' never became 'cooked crab.' I ate several; sometimes I got sick, sometimes I didn't. Consuming three fish was fine, but a fourth made me vomit and break out in a rash. As usual, much more emphasis is put on food than water, which always feels backwards to me. In reality, lack of water will kill you long before lack of food will, and like most games of this sort, the food meter in Stranded Deep is the priority because it depletes so quickly.The biggest problems come with traveling to new islands. In all my games, I had to leave my starter island soon after arriving due to lack of usable materials, specifically stones. Since stones are used for so many different things like axes, hammers, spears, and firepits (which allow you to leave something cooking in the fire rather than holding it there), I found myself constantly in need of more. There were very few to be found, and there's currently no way to bash boulders into stones, so you can't make your own. So, I paddled my raft towards the nearest island, which doesn't really work the way it should."
,Not Recommended,313120,16531371,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zaib,"My first negative review.The game has a lot of potential, I'll give them that.But that's it. There is nothing in this game except potential.All islands are same. Make a fire, cook a crab using a broken cooking mechanic, and thats it.I bought the game when it was first released as Early Acess and its been 6 months now.Developer released some updates, yes, but these updates contain only minor bugfixes and ui enhancements.I warn you, do not be fooled by its looks, this game is a scam in this current state. Wait if it gets any real content.December 2015 Update:6 months later my original review, a little has changed. They added the ability to make your building from materials other than wood, and you can now use triangular shapes while building them instead of square. YAY! 1 year of no real update, and people still defends this game.All I am saying is: the game has very very little to offer for now, wait if it gets any real content, but I warn you, it may not. If you don't believe me, check this game's hub in steam and see how users could not share anything worth consideration. Check youtube videos and see if there is more than visiting same islands to build a fire and a shack."
76561198021846926,Recommended,313120,24636309,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Puppenhead,"Stranded Deep: Start in a plane that soon crashesThe Forest: Start in a plane with your son that soon crashesStranded Deep: Have no clue what to do so you go around with your boatThe Forest: Have no clue what to do so you go around with your axeStranded Deep: Sharks that want to eat youThe Forest: Naked cannibal people that want to eat youStranded Deep: Large emphasis on collecting valuable items deep in the seaThe Forest: Large emphasis on collecting valuable items deep in the cavesStranded Deep: 2015The Forest: 2014Stranded Deep: A buggy Early Access survival gameThe Forest: A buggy Early Access survival gameStranded Deep: Build a base/home to surviveThe Forest: Build a base/home/treehousePretty much expect the game to be similar to The Forest, which actually isnt a bad thing."
,Recommended,313120,23636820,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Phrostguard,"First I would like to say if you see a negative review with ""Very Few"" hours played just ignore it. They obviously do not have patience nor do they understand they bought an unfinished game to start with. If you buy an unfinished game you are there to support and report bugs not cry about it being unfinished.... Now that I have said that let me also say yes the game has its bugs and I have been a part of it since it went Early Access. I have enjoyed every bit of my 200+ hours playing with all the different levels of builds released. I have made some wild creations, from forts to resorts, then started all over again with a new build and have done that many times. The feeling of stranded deep indeed creates the immersive feeling of being... Stranded lol. The beautiful graphics and the fact they keep adding new stuff keeps me coming back every so often for a new fresh game start. The one and only thing I greatly look forward to is the option of multiplayer so I can co-op play with my step son who also loves Stranded Deep."
76561198168826959,Recommended,313120,34300128,Posted: 16 August,all,maddragon100,"TL;DR:A mediocre survival game. Mechanics have some promise, and its a decently interesting game. In its current state, though, the devs have seemed to ignore the majority of player response and are making it much more dull than is needed. With its current state and direction, I would recommend buying The Forest instead if you want this type of game. 7/10.That being said, lets get on with the full review.As Wide as a Procedurally Generated Ocean, But as Deep as a Puddle.This game has some great selling points:- The visuals are fantastic. I would find myself at times just standing at the top of a cliff or tree looking around at the graphics.- The mechanics have some promise, though not exceedingly unique of any survival game.- The ocean aspect is worked in great, with some of the more powerful equipment being  hidden away in sunken ships or naval huts.- The game itself has the potential to be fantastic, and wonderfully done.HOWEVERThis game definitely has some downsides. The gameplay gets a bit repetitive after a while, and the devs don't seem to be doing much to stop that. They have implemented things into the game, from the time I played it last year and this year, that add much more of a grind to the game. They removed the short intro segment which included a very short tutorial to launch you right into the game. Now, that alone is fine, but what did they replace it with? A tutorial that, although can be ignored, will stay in a large popup on the right side of your screen constantly. For no apparant reason, they removed the starting pocketknife and replaced it with something that you need to craft. They completely redid a lot of the crafting system, and once again, something that required much more of a grind took its place.In one of the stupidest changes I have seen in a game in a while, they changed the size of the islands to be smaller. Why? Why did the game devs feel the need to make the size of land smaller, and in turn, make it so, once again, everything is more of a grind? They cut down resources on the starting island to the point where I had to sail to a different island because there were only TWO ROCKS on the entire goddamn island.In another note, this game falls short in the same way as No Man's Sky. The procedurally generated worlds are great in concept, but when everything is basically the same anyways, it doesnt really matter now does it? Procedural generation just does not work for this game IMO. Having a decently sized area of islands that are specialized to be the best looking, best for the game, best goddamn islands I'll see in a while would work so much better. It doesn't really create an entirely new playthrough when every island that is procedurally generated is basically the same, but in a different place, now does it?The development team behind this game is small, and I respect that they have their own vision for this game and that they've even managed to get a pretty good game off the ground. That doesn't mean, however, that I won't scrutinize them for not listening to community feedback as much as they should. Come on, guys. Take the game where you want it with your creative vision, but the community behind a game is probably your best source of information about how you can make it better. At the very least have someone that knows what the general response is when something changes.All in all, I am giving this game a 7/10. It is a decent game with a lot of potential if some things change. I am rating this positively because as it is, if you are looking for a beautiful game with survival elements and the open sea to explore, you should get it. I would however, say that you should hold off on this game for now, and watch it from afar. If things start to get better with the developer-community communications, then I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,313120,14137895,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mongy,"This is what I wanted ""The Forest"" to be like.This game is GREAT fun already and it's only just been released as early access!I've been waiting for The Forest to be fun for ♥♥♥♥ing ages.Feels great to play, looks absolutely stunning, sound is spot on, realistic and fun physics, crafting done right (you gather your sticks/rope/rocks/whatever and drag them into a pile on the ground and craft on the spot, no crafting grids, just a bit of common sense), building, diving, sharks, shipwrecks to loot for better gear.Dude just buy it, there's unlimited potential and a bright future for this game.Sex/10"
,Recommended,313120,14226391,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,IAmJennings,"I decided to venture off to sea in my life raft to explore another island. Night time came halfway to the other island and I ended up being surrounded by Great White sharks. They pushed my raft around until I lost sense of direction. I sacrificed a coconut to the sharks hoping they would leave. They didn't. Later on I found a shrip wreck and explored it. Once back on my raft, I paddled for about 5 minutes before accidently hitting ""Q"" (Drop item) instead of ""Tab"" (Inventory) and tossed my only paddle overboard in Tiger Shark infested waters. After manning up, I dove to the bottom of the sea surrounded by sharks and some how found my paddle.Watch for yourself..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uDeKDHWdFA10/10 Best alpha I've played yet."
76561198072883306,Not Recommended,313120,18646614,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Benesato,"I don't recommend this game in it's current state for the mainstream. This choice isn't in any way saying that that concept is bad or the graphics aren't up to par. The start of this game is original, and looks great. You do feel stranded, isolated and helpless at first. The diving and scavaging underwater is fun for a bit, and the presence of sharks are noticable.Still, with all that this game is in need of some major overhaul. Alot of buggy moments, and frustration comes non stop. Carfting system tried to be innovative but in the end is tedious and not well planned. The inventory space is very aggrivating, and backed up by the bugs from attempting to put things into your raft, it's just to much of a time sink. It could almost be considered tolerable except for what I personally feel is the biggest turn off for this game. Every island looks the same from a distance, with no depth perception. They all look _exactly_ alike when on the horizon. Losing reference from where you are going or been is a 100% chance. You think ""Yea, well I can keep my bearing straight ahead"". Works until the shark bumps you and you spin, or you try to get back to your island.Great concept, but this game needs to be looked at closer for those things that make the game frustrating, not a challenge. No body wants to lose their progress because of ill conceived graphical rendering. Not even worried about the acheivements completely broken"
,Not Recommended,313120,20955112,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Cyanwii,"When i bought this game, it was awesome. But now after few updates i can't recommend it any more. Before this game had peaceful and beautiful sea, now they added bigger waves. Islands were before smaller and there was a lot of them, now there is less islands and them are much bigger that makes game easier when you don't have to travel from island to island much. In older versions there were too a intro where you crashed to ocean with plane and had to swim to life raft from sunken plane. Game has changed much. Before it worked in my pc very smooth at ultra but now it lags too much at medium. I have really enjoyed older versions of this game. I hope this game gets better with new updates.I have to notice too that steam pictures of this game is from older version of this game.Hope this helped someone.Sorry for my bad english."
,Not Recommended,313120,17453016,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,sandfella,"This is a game only for those who like all the following:(A) Survival genre(B) And fetching wood between islandsStranded Deep gives me mixed feelings. I've played it long enough to kind of not see a reason to play it any more (other than just occasional camp fire feeling). The core gameplay is about chopping down palm trees so that you can build stuff. Islands are so far away that this takes time.This game would have great potential, and here's some things I really like:- building stuff (when you have the resources!)- cool sharks- underwater ships- finding food (for some extent)- crafting/building system (get stuff together, see what you can make)- sun rise- and moreUnfortunately the fact that resource gathering takes so much time (in real life) that it somewhat ruins the game.I do think this game has potential. Those who don't mind taking time to gather supplies probably will like this game. I think this game needs some improvements before I can recommend it."
,Recommended,313120,14171745,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TANKALANK,"This game is everything ""The Forest"" should have been. It has a much more polished feel, and I look forward to future updates. If you liked The Forest you'll love this :)"
76561198011495242,Not Recommended,313120,17119131,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,White Girl Wasted,"Played this, was fun, builkt a boat... what do i do now... theres literally nothing else to do... the islands are so small, not much to explore, etc. Started playing Ark instead"
,Recommended,313120,14733746,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,brw,Make it multyplayer !!! If this game will be multyplayer will be the best game ever !
,Not Recommended,313120,16686119,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gleps Logan,"Pretty game, but it is too short... I know that it is the beta version, but I don't think that somebody works at it. I managed to make all that I needed for 30 minutes... Craft list is really short..."
76561198166607419,Recommended,313120,31047924,Posted: 9 April,all,Tweakster_,Great game would be better if it had a LAN option so people could play with friends
,Recommended,313120,14217949,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,WrathofSaniac,"I've been bullied by sharks, trapped with no way out of boats, and lost at sea.Probably the best $15 I've spent in ages, game bugs seem pretty minimal, and if you've played a survival before you should be used to having to start all over.10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14136727,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,sin(Φ),"I just tried to use my raft to get to another island to find more rocks. Found a shipwreck on the way to the island, tried to dive down to it to see if anything useful was there.Came back up after not finding anything, and my raft was gone.So I swam over to an exposed portion of the ship to get my bearinds, and a tiger shark appears and begins to circle me on the exposed outcropping.So I say ""f**k it, and dive in the water, chasing the tiger shark and attacking it with my crude axe.I swing wildly, missing mostly, until I connect.Then I hit it repeatedly. I found my zone, and I chased that damned shark.You wanna eat me? Oh hell no.The moon rose right around the time I made it back to my island.I have no way to build anything. No raft. No rocks. no hammer. I'm sorta screwed.But I survived.Take that, shark."
76561197997475375,Recommended,313120,25614028,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Old Gus,"This is a cool game, for a decent price, that could really benefit from other things, but is otherwise good.You are Robinson Crusoe.  You are stranded.  And yet, you are also in big trouble.  There has been no great disaster.  No evil corporation is making you survive.  It's just a plain old plane crash.  And you start with just your wits and your will.  And you make of it what you will and what you want.  Do you want to focus on food?  Shelter?  Water?  Hey, whatever keeps you going.Some people do level a real criticism, that this game has a very short life each time you start a new game.  And that is true in a few senses.  You can't play with friends, so there is no wonder of cooperation.  There is now no end goal, no map of shipping lanes, or larger islands, or signal flares (for actual signaling rather than for shark fighting.)  But the semi-random nature of the game means that you can either try again in the same place, or start over in a new place.  There are new things to discover each time.  There are amazing places to explore each time.  And while you lack the end goal that gives you the determination to survive in a real scenario, there is something relaxing about searching for food and water on a tropical island, with nothing to do except to keep yourself fed and happy.  Oh wait, there is one thing that makes it less relaxing and gives the game tension and purpose...Sharks.  Dear Lord, the sharks.  Jesus Tap-dancing H. Christ the sharks.  Seriously, this game makes you want to drag every shark out of the water and punch it to death before it succumbs to hypoxia.  This game makes you want to test the gender of sharks by taking every coconut you drink and shoving it up their cloaca.  These game designers either go to sleep with the schadenfreude of every player's struggles against and terror of sharks, or they have USS Indianapolis survivor's level hatred of the things and want to share it with the world.  I play this game and feel like each time I find a shark on one island, it seriously follows me from island to island... hunting... stalking... waiting... ignoring all the other fish.  I have gone on huge, multi-island runs just to try and lose the sharks on my tail.  That is fun in its own way, but seriously, I am running out of gods to pray to to keep the blood-thirsty demons of the deep away.In short, this game is worth the quarter of the price of a AAA game to play.  Buy it.  Play it.  Punch a shark for me."
,Recommended,313120,14136503,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kenuty,"Alpha Review and impression Subject to changesWent out to search for rocks around the islands, now I am lost at sea because of foggy weather, where is my base no seriously, I built a kickass bungalowThe search for rock simulator 2015150/10will rock onOn the bottom is the Impression and what there is so far in this early Alpha. I didn't really do a review at all because the game isn't released yet of course and I'll keep my eyes on this game. But I am still lost big time and still haven't found my island. I am on the verge of giving up hope.Video Impressionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yElf5UFzQFs&feature=youtu.bePros+ Great looking Graphics for an indie title, skybox, lighting and day and night cycle along with weather rain and fog etc+ The interface is clean due to it being on your wristwatch+ Castaway type of gameplay survival, build hammers, axe, raft and a bungalow+ Drink coconut, eat coconut, crabs, fish to survive using spears uncooked food is dangerous+ Sharks!+ discoverable diving areas with wrecks and nice looking reefs+ Creating a paradiseCons/bugs/quirks ( will be upgraded as it fixes)Bugs and quirks are expected of alpha, rowing, copy and pasted island etc distance of island so on these are just a list of them and are not worthy to mention in my video above. They are just a reference for you the player to know what you will see or expect and to help devs fix them up.- Not much in terms of content yet, game is still being worked on so you can pretty much do everything in a couple of hours. maybe 2-3- Theres potatos, coconuts, fish, crabs, so many stuff to eat when you're lost. You can't possibly die or go hungry yet in this game, there isn't any real challenge.- Sharks now smells your fear- Island distance looks close but actually 520892059205 miles away- Copy and paste islands- Ya can't cut down certain trees except palm trees- The direction the game is heading from developer could make or break the game, does the devs have a plan? We want to know it! Remember buying this game is an investment- The way islands are arranged will confuse the hell out of you. Who puts 10+ islands together in a 360 to confuse your brains!?"
,Recommended,313120,14326022,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,kLANG,"This game is great, it has a even greater potential. If you're wondering if this game is worth it or not, go for it, I've played 2hrs and had a bunch of fun already. Can't wait for more content coming to this game!A tip to new players: right click and hold, drag and release rocks against bigger rocks :)"
,Recommended,313120,14195250,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Killerdude,"Eating Coconut Simulator 2015! 10/10The game looks great and has a lot of functionality. I have yet to come across the shark clipped into the island bug, but trying to dive into deep water without a flashlight is kind of frustrating. I really look forward to the new features and new updates but as the game sits, it's a great way to kill some time in a truly beautiful(though sometimes full of deja-vu) environment.My only real complaint, is that you can live, 100% off coconuts. You don't need to hunt crab, you don't need to fish. You can drink the coconuts for hydration, you can then crack the coconuts in two for food, and having full health/hydration will raise your health(in most situations at least).Overall this game is a great play, and also has a lot of potential to become so much more. It doesn't need cannibals, zombies or outlandish enemies to fight, staying alive (without coconuts) can be a struggle all in itself."
76561198009842327,Recommended,313120,31333805,Posted: 23 April,all,chochod47,"Just as many pros as cons! I'm going to rate it high for now, but if the issues aren't fixed I'll rate appropriately!So I really like this game! First off, I have a very real irrational fear of open water and sharks. Sure all people ""fear"" sharks, but I get the sweats, and shakes. I repeat over and over again that I can't move, and I quit and restart rather than get bitten/eaten. Don't get me wrong, it's ark, but no dinos. I know this is still a early access, but I'm just aching for more. So here are my pro's and con's.Pro: Hands down it's fun if you like sandbox survival games. The sharks seriously keep me paranoid. I always enjoy the building aspect, but I really like that there is also furniture. The water looks so freaking real! I get itchy and fearful just from how realistic the water is. I can spend endless hours creating my base, and exploring. Every time you start it's a new world. If you die, and go back to the save point, things may not happen the exact same way. It may not rain, and shark might not appear! Hands down I like the game and would recommend it to others. I ""hear"" that co-op is on it's way, that will be dope, however before I star that idea and get excited about them developing that; we need to address the con list, and there are many!Con: Wonky, the menu (craft) closes every single time you create something. I love that you can't hold 45 things at once, but it's also my greatest annoyance. As of yet there is not a chest to store items in, and what crates you do find can only hold 3 items. The smoke is like a puzzle, you sometimes have to walk back and fourth to get items on the shelf of the smoker. Unless you're holding sticks when you interact with the fire a second time, you'd never know you have to add more sticks to get it going again. It's locks up often. Save your game often (Must have a shelter to save). My computer is a Goliath, and this game is a snail by comparison. However you'd think this game was David, it locks up my system and I have to power down. It freezes up a lot. It takes 8 wacks to take down a tree, another 8 to seperate the trunk, and another 8 to make 4 sticks. If you have hit the tree 12 times, stop what you're doing and go to another tree, because your ax/knife is about to die if you keep going and the tree will yield no wood. Look up how to use the tanning rack, because you'll just stand there like a fool waiting for the leather to dry. It wont!Final thoughts: I don't want them to saturate the game with ""easier"" machanics, I like that you have to be active to survive and thrive. The sharks are terrifying, I've yet to go diving because I'm terrified. Co-op will be dope. I look forward to the bugs being fixed. Please input a chest into crafting!!!!!!!!!! I give it a B+ all around, but I've only got 24 hours in. It's worth the price, but you have to have patiences."
76561198263840856,Recommended,313120,25886775,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Last Goonie,"REALLY glad I ignored all of the negative reviews.Heres why: This game is not expensive. I have paid much more for games that Ive gotten much less game play out of. What do you do? You survive. The premise of the game isnt to avenge your fathers death, or discover a new world that can change everything that mankind has ever known. Nope. YOU SURVIVE. Think of Castaway, but in game form.  You dont know when or what updates will bring, but until then, you just keep on surviving.  If you feel like you've gotten to a comfortable place in the game, EXPLORE! This game is massive. The ocean is MASSIVE.Also, they added an Island builder feature that lets you build your own island from scratch. The amount of time you can spend in this mode alone is worth the purchase price of this game.This is definitely a game meant for those who just enjoy concentration, steady progression, and exploration.Also, no need to worry about other players coming and destroying everything you worked hard to achieve simply because they have guns and a fully armored pterodactyl ; )"
,Recommended,313120,14236095,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jordyy,do co-op pls ty
76561198066000205,Recommended,313120,14185615,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,davidofthegrapes,I collected enough coconuts to feed a small village.10/10 would horde coconuts again
76561198050885599,Recommended,313120,14228529,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,GeordieMarv,"If being Robinson Crusoe or even Tom Hanks from ""Castaway"" is your thing, then this game is for you. You play as someone surviving a plane crash in the Pacific Ocean. You can paddle from island to island in your dinghy and explore or simply just build your own small camp on the first island you get to. In order to do this you'll need to build some basic tools of course, and naturally you will have to scavenge for food an water to stay alive.There are also shipwrecks that you can swim to and dive to in order to get loot from which will hopefully aid in your survival. But watch out, the water may look gorgeous and be populated with all kinds of wildlife, but remember there are tiger sharks and great whites roaming around.The environment and sun sky effects are gorgeous, the water/underwater is very nice too. It also rains, but i haven't seen or heard any thunder and lightining yet. But i'm hoping that some real storms can whip up eventually as the game gets developed more. The crafting is pretty basic for now, and a few things like campfires, tools and shelters can be constructed. Again i expect this to expand quite alot in the non too distant future. Not too many bugs to speak of to be honest, which is pretty refreshing for early access games. Bring on bigger islands with waterfalls and maybe more wildlife deer, boar, snakes etc...that would be great.All in all for £11 this is a bargain, especially if you're into survival games without the zombies/mutants, it's just you against nature."
,Recommended,313120,14428903,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chris Hewson,"Okay, so...I found a buoyI found out I could climb it and just chill up there, which was cool.Then I found it seemed to attract great whites, also coolThen I realized I could push it with my raft while I paddled, but it slowed me down,so for the last god knows how many miles I've been pushing this stupid thing,being circled and screwed with by two great whites (and a marlin for a minute).I finally get close to the island I'm headed to, where I plan to beach it and investigate it further away from sharksAaaand it disappears.10/10 would push buoy againSee me and my homebuoyhere:)"
,Not Recommended,313120,14154400,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dovah,"*Updated*I can tell this will be a long review so i'll do a TL;DRFantastic potential, but no promise of reaching itSuggestion:Follow it, watch its content youtube/twitch ectBuy it later down the line if still interestedNON TL;DRSo when i first saw this game i thought it looked interesting, and i started watching trailers and suchWhen it came out i thought it was worth the look, so i purchased it.currently on just under 6 hours play time, first impressions are as follows,i feel like its not tried very hard to be different from 'The Forest' and thats not directly a bad thing,At the moment it shares many pros and cons with The ForestPros:-------------------------------------|----------------Cons:Very pretty-----------------------------|---------------No content (Explained further down)Interesting concept------------------|---------No replayability (Somewhat Fixed)Engaging game mechanics--------|--------Bugs (All mentioned fixed)Good atmosphere--------------------|------No promise of improvement (Explained further down)Sharks-----------------------------------|------Disgustingly low quality rain soundShipwrecks----------------------------|------Shark behavior/quantity/models/sound(Explained further down)---------------------------------------------|-----Island size (Explained Further Down)---------------------------------------------|-----Shipwreck variation (Explained Further Down**ANIMALS, AI** <--IF THE DEVS READ ANYTHING, THIS PART PLEASE]]Now for me, this is the most important changes i think* should be madeSharks, the sharks are weird AI wise, model wise ecti go into detail about it abit more below but basically, sharks should be somewhat rare sightings but f***** scary when its there.You shouldn't see sharks every thirty seconds, and they should be remodeled, especially the Great whites, they should be completely redone IMO* and resizedFish, i think fish should be locational, large amounts of small fish, some large around coral and such, larger fish further outFish types (Im not sure ive seen all) but i'd love to see large shools of tuna, makerel ectSchools, what it says on the tin really, large groups of fish swimming together ect, and should be higher chances of encounting sharks around them, so if you're hunting them with a net (fishing nets should be added) or such there is also riskI think this game will 100% be made by the wildlife so heres someAnimals id like to see:TurtlesDolphinsWhales - AddedHammerhead sharksStingraysPufferfishIguanasBirds (Dont over-do them though *Cough* The Forest *Cough*)LobstersSpider CrabsThe list goes on and on but you get the ideaIsland size:The island sizes are simply too small, if there is to be ANY replayability to this there NEEDS to be the chances of large islands, not HUGE but a good deal larger than the max seems to be, one that could house a small farm on it, a house, a beach hut, a dock, and still some jungle/treesthis is a MUST for the replayability of this gameShipwreck variation:Pretty simple, the shipwrecks are cool, but get boring, there should be variation to them, old wooden ships such as galleons would make me REBUY this game at full priceLarge liner ships would be interesting but not a necessityWW2 planes would be interesting (And could contain things such as hunting knifes, maybe even a rusted old handgun < might break the game idea so not needed)Small airlines would be interesting to search tooShark behavior, quantity, models, sound:Now i stuck this at the bottom at first, but im moving it because i feel its 100% my main issue with this gameFor a start, i love sharks, and i love the idea of them in games, but they're always done wrong, and heres how.The behavior, it kills me, seeing a tiger shark swim up to my face and swim away 300 times is game breaking, its dissapointing and ruins the encounter.Along side the behavior issue, the idea that i could stab a shark to death before it would attempt to attack me is peculiar and a strange AI choiceQuantity, in this again is silly, i love sharks being in the game, but should be ALOT less often, i dont want to see three sharks every time i walk close to the water, i'll stick my idea for how the animals in this should be right at the top so, see top for that (Or in theory you've already read it)Models, the models in game arent bad, but theyre not amazing, the sharks need a touch up, at the moment the Tiger is the well done one, and the Great White looks silly, its got a stubby face all of them are beefy and they're all the same small size, id rather see mixes, some small sharks, and then Whites that are huge, imagine seeing a white the size they can grow to be 'IRL' just gently gliding alongside your raft, and swimming away, THATS the shark encounters i want to see (yes i think they should also attack now and then too)Sound, i play with music off, but every time theres a shark around the music changes, i do not like this at all, i end up looking to see where it was, id rather have no notice, turn to see one and have it scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me like it would 'IRL'Also, the fact that the sharks growl is laughable at best, they should make noise when breaching the water (fins coming out or them rearing out to bite ect)And maybe some underwater noise of them turning fast or suchNo Content:As it stands the game is in Early Access, so all things should consider thatBut for purchasing it you have to consider that as it is, it feels very emptyNo replayability:Bug issues fixed soo this is voidBugs:All mentioned have been fixedNo promise of improvement:Now this ones a big one for me, and the reason its ultimately a 'No' on the recommendation, this game is clearly built off the idea of The forest (Again, not saying thats all in all a bad thing)But it could be, the game has started out very similar, and for the forest, one of its plauging issues, is the updates, small, non issue fixing and infrequent, if this game has a similar update path as The Forest, it will not be worth the Early Access, and i would fully recommend that you purchase once its complete (Or close to)***BITS AND BOBS***Just a small section of things id like to see in game, but couldn't categorizeFishing nets should be addedAbility to create larger rafts, small boats evenThe ability to build on shallow water, docks that extend out onto the ocean ectFarms and farming should be addedThe ability to strap the knife to a stickFishing and Fishing rods should be addedFull diving gear should be added, suit, mask, and large air tanks ect (I know theres small items of it but there should be more)Bit of a weid idea but shark netting, like beaches have, basically you could surround an area of sea thats somewhat close to your island or seabed and small fish could get in but not larger, and perhaps sharks could damage it and try to get in so you would have to fix itHomemade markers (Bouys ect)Even if its just a coconut a stone and some rope, so you could mark a path in the oceanMaps, again, even if its just cutting into a leaf, so you could mark things outDiary+ Pencil, small but might be an interesting thing to write in now and thenFurnace, make sand into glass kinda thing (because a glass bottom boat raft would be fab)Craftable items - Containers, bow, snorkel, torch (stick and cloth or such)Better + bigger waves"
,Recommended,313120,24252056,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bottleneck,Tom Hanks Simulator.
,Recommended,313120,21368870,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,knodalishell,"Stranded Deep is one of my favorite games possible. This game is very dear to me, though I only recently bought it. Ever since its release last year, even before it got big I was watching the updates, reading forums, and watching playthroughs. The game is very creative and though a lot of people don't think so, has quite a lot of content. One of the things I like most about stranded deep is that every game is your story. Kind of hard to explain. Here are some current pros and consPros-smooth gameplay-super good looking-very well optimized ( I run this game on a ati HD Radeon 6970 and i3 6100 with 60-80fps with all on ultra. Lag only when loading the next island)-you can find Wilson-gives me a comfortable feeling to play it-shArks are really really pants-wetting horrifying-you can build castles! On little tropical islands!-so many more-Yesssssss! Trees are back to chop!-My crabby little crab shells are alive again-food spoiling is kind of cool.-OMG OMG OMG the INTRO IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!Cons-sharks are way way way to aggressive. BEAM team please give us back the old sharks-I haven't seen a Marlin. Ever.-I have found every part of a motor but the engine. I have searched literally every island on 2 maps-maps aren't infinite any more. Very sad.-there is an odd glitch were the normal and bump map of the ocean don't move but the color does.-more my own opinion... I liked the little close islands. The big far islands are... Odd.Thanks beam team! There used to be a lot more cons but the frequent updated have done their work!"
,Recommended,313120,15719751,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AaronSayWhat,"Stranded Deep is a great game with a unique take on the open world survival games as it takes place on the ocean with islands. I can easily recommend it to anyone who likes open world survival games with crafting elements, it's a lot of fun! I can't wait to see what is to come, I am hoping for some more aquatic life like jellyfish, dolphins, and maybe squid.I also feel easter eggs add a lot more playtime as people will search thoroughly for them, so it would be awesome to see more easter eggs like the UFO and Sea Mines. Possibly even a megalodon or a kraken, I mean how awesome would that be to see in the game? Also, more raft options such as a wooden raft with a sail so you don't need to constantly paddle, it would be awesome to incorporate realistic wind and weather effects to give you that ""stranded on the ocean"" feel to the game. As of now, it's just too easy to survive and have no real reason to put yourself at risk on long travels on the ocean.My video of finding the UFO easter egg in a legit spawn area;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJnv00aLjtM"
,Not Recommended,313120,17589890,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,OmarAbdulHasanAliShaheedMohammed,"NoticeThe footage and screenshots shown on the store page are misleading, as some show items that arent in the game, some show mechanics that dont work, and the rest is all footage from BEFORE the major update the screwed the game over. Basically if you think the game looks good because of the screenshots and video it shows, it doesnt look like that now.Also i purchased this game a little less than a month of it coming out, and its all gone downhill, they take 1 step forward and 10 steps backThere are alot of more constructive reviews out there that will handle this more maturely than i will. But simply put, the content has basically stayed the same, in terms of goals and amount to do. Unless you find alot of fun in holding W to go to other islands that are pretty much the same, and doing the same stuff (eating and drinking sim 2015-2016) then you wont enjoy this for much more than 4 or 5 hours. Now of course SOME people will, but many wont. The reviews clearly show this, before the major update in the fall, reviews were over90 percent. Now it sits at low 60s, and 70s. The updates add content, and usually remove content. To fix things, to re do things. Usually updates we dont want or need. Basically so far nothing really cool. They have plans for cool things, but i think the game will die out before then. Which is sad, because before this major update in the fall, the game was amazing. Fantastic job for a team of 2, now i feel they are in over their heads. It will most likely bite them in the end.Heres a list of some of the things that worked or were in the game before that updatePaddleStarted with knife and water bottle as well as the lighter (might be removing lighter so you start with nothing)Crab traps, to catch crabsCooking worked (or at leat you could boil water and drink it, and a ding would sound when food and stuff was ready) Now you need like part of a coconut plus a bucket and or 2 buckets to boil water, takes a little too many resources but whateverWeather, now its all sunshine (for now, they took it out to fix the weather) before there was lightening, fog, those thingsAchievments never have and likely never will workWhen going under water, it looked like water, now it looks like the rendering is off and it looks like you can see the whole world (not always)The flippers, and goggles worked (now only flippers and they dont work)Motors on rafts worked (now they are really wonky)World was unlimited, although it all looked about the same, small islands (now bigger cooler islands, at the cost of only a 5x5 grid map)Flare guns used to scare animals (now they dont)Many other things, but you get the ideaAll of this, and all they added was alot of unrealistic itemsMan made metals for building (how did these all get here)Some items for cooking water and food (it worked fine before now it just takes more resources )Slightly better building, and a second option for shelterNew crafting menu (mixed bag)Farming (sometimes doesnt work)Thats it, no new items really. No new mechanics pretty much, no new content, no new nothing, over the course of over a year of development.It used to be immersive and i l loved to play itNow it feels non immersive less gritty dark survival and feels more easy and simpleIve had more fun and excitement/immersion playing the forest FOR A DAY then i did over the course of a year in this gameHonestly, this game has the ability to take off. But it will take too long. They are losing momentum. They way the game is set up, its limited. 5x5 island, the only goal is survive. With nothing else to do. The forest has TONS of small little features to do, sure it has its cons, but this game just cant hold a candle to it. A stranded survival game is awesome, but having a small map with multiple island just isnt the way to go. Make it like those tv shows and movies where its one BIG island and you have tons of cool things to do and watch out for."
,Recommended,313120,14655139,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MasRellim,A Tiger Shark pushed me out of my raft and into the water and I almost cried.12/10
,Recommended,313120,23875889,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,billy,"Stranded Deep is a great game, with exploring SUNKEN ships, killing sharks, and building sweet shelters. It is really fun for the first couple of days, but then it gets a bit boring, mainly because of the alone aspect of the game. So if there was some kind of multiplayer, I think that would fill the gap for me and many others. I do know it is an Early Access Game and Beam Team is trying hard to bring the community a wonderful survival game, which the game really is. I still love the game and keep up the good work.9/10"
76561198025609238,Recommended,313120,17842290,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Si,"Cannot believe how enthralling this game is for what it is right now.  It's very basic in its current but is being updated, slowly but surely adding more content.I really liked the absence of detailed back story, it lends itself really well to grabbing my attention.   You're a person who's survived a plane crash after 'crafting' a martini and your goal is to survive.  I found it immersing in a ""what if this happened to me"" sort of way, creating my own story as I try to survive.  Rather than playing out a story someone has made for you.  I'm sure its an early access thing and wasnt intended, but I still enjoyed itI hope this game gets finished.PS the sharks can be terrifying if you are caught off guard."
76561198129614473,Recommended,313120,15743257,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,TechsMechsNappa,"Love the game. Built a house. Died. Built another house. Died. Made a motor raft, got knocked thirty feet into the air by a shark.  Was eaten by shark. Rode on a whale.My only complaint is that the sharks now seem to be too aggressive. Was on my raft, noticed a shark beeline for me and send my raft skipping across the water out from under my feet. Also, had sharks beeline for me while I was in ankle deep water, clip into the ground, grab me and drag me unde rthe island only o let go, and I ended up drowning because I ended up stuck half in the ground underwater with no way to fix the situation.9/10"
,Recommended,313120,17020510,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,WhaleHam,"This game is fun! The gameplay is fast, the graphics are good, and I love the concept. I noticed most of the reviews are bad, but a trusted friend of mine recommended I get it. Thank you, friend. This game starts you off as a survivor of a plane crash who needs to survive stranded on islands. You chop down trees, smash rocks, build huts, explore crashed, abandoned ships, and... FIND U.S.O.'s (unidentified submerged objects) There are easter eggs, land shark signs, messages from people who were stranded too. Also a water bomb/mine.  Over all I say this game is great! Although its an early access game I know it'll be great! Give it a try and if you don't like it, get over it sally. >:)*UPDATE: Feb 19, 2017, the older version of this gme was much better**UPDATE: July 2, 2017. Although the older version was much better with the crafting, without the 'hold e to interact' and the equiptable flashlgiths and ""sprint swimming"" This game is still one of my favourits to sit and play for a while, the only thing I realllllyyy hate about the new update is the sunburning in the day and coldness at night, it REALLY limits your exploration. It made me sad but I got over it about a minute later and just accepted it :)"
76561198178433213,Recommended,313120,32817706,Posted: 26 June,all,IslandGal,I LOVE this game.  It's great to come home to a game where I can escape to paradise and sail away to tropical islands.
76561198020841208,Recommended,313120,24831925,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Kosiaell,If islands were massive or large game would be way more fun instead of hundreds of small islands.
76561198039408804,Not Recommended,313120,18320708,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LordRed,"This game has been released (alpha) for over a year now, and it saddens me to say its still not worth the buy.... Very glitchy. very limited crafting and very glitchy(yes, that glitchy) after about 15 minutes of game play you will have done everything there is to do in this game.The grafix are nice for what they are, but it seems the Devs don't have their prioritys straight. Focusing more on the estetics of the game than the actual gameplay itself. I would put this on my ""Watchlist"" but go no further until all the bugs and glitches are fixed, but mostly, wait for some actual substance. As of now, there isn't anything to do other than swim from island to island, looking at the same trees, same crabs and same islands...."
76561198005596619,Not Recommended,313120,25404776,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,VladK02,"Right now, not much to do after 2 hours.After you figure out how to keep youself fed and watered, and build a shack out of planks.... nothing else to do.i reccomend waiting until game puts some more meat on its bones, as it were."
76561198045917620,Recommended,313120,15470045,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,LaggerHere!,"Add co op in this game / mulitplayer  so we can  Survive together   and  try to  live as long as we can also  if there is a way, we could get rescused  from the islands  that would great and it  would make it better for all of us.Great game  i  have recommend this game to alot of  my friends  would be nice if we could all play together and we  love it a hole lot but  needs some more and work on it  but you guys should take some  ideas from duel Surival  or some Surival show's"
,Recommended,313120,28079294,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Señor Cfg ツ,Fun game. But if it was possible to play multiplayer or Lan it would be awesome!
,Recommended,313120,22968107,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,vc.velazquez,"I love this game! It was a lot of fun while I played it, but it definitely needs to be fleshed out further for me to continue playing.Pros:-Beautiful graphics! I love how realistic and gorgeous everything looks. It all really looks good!-Minimalist UI! - I love this! It really makes it more immersive.-Lots of fun! - I love crafting and building and exploring new islands and shipwrecks.-Stumbling across random new items in shipwrecks--it was always enjoyable discovering something I'd never found before. Each new item was delightful!-Realism - As mentioned above, I love all the effort put into making the game realistic and immersive! It was a pretty good balance between being realistic and still being fun (because, of course, being too realistic can make things become tedious).Suggestions:-Deterioration rate of needs didn't seem terribly balanced/realistic. I only had to sleep every 2-3 days (not at all realistic), and hunger was never a problem for me. All I ate was fruit (which I did mostly as another way to hydrate myself when I didn't have fresh water available and didn't want to waste a coconut). I never fished or cooked potatoes. I cooked one crab in the beginning before I realized I didn't need to cook/eat much. The only thing that seemed pretty accurate was the thirst deterioration, and that was (realistically) a pain to stay on top of. However, it could still be realistic but less bothersome if the passage of time were slowed down.-The Timescale - The days passed waaaay too quickly! I know a lot of people say that 1 second equalling 1 minute of gametime is pretty standard, but I could barely accomplish anything before the sun set. I know that's part of the challenge of it, but the current timescale is more frustrating than simply ""challenging."" I was only able to progress to the point that I did because I didn't have to sleep much (which, as I said, is not realistic), so I was able to work through the night many nights (which was a nuisance because I'd much rather work by daylight than headlamp).-Respawn rates - I tried to refrain from cutting down palm trees because coconuts are such a lifesaver and I wanted them to respawn, but in 22 days of survival they never respawned, so I guess I might as well have cut down the trees I was trying to save. Yukka plants seemed to respawn overly quickly (although maybe real life yukka plants grow really fast--I don't know). I never needed to worry about overdoing it on making lashings. Also I think it would be good if the ficus trees respawned (but slowly... like... 10 days after being cut? Maybe more?)--The seagulls and bats are a nice touch, but way too loud/noisy!--I would love the ability to make a map. On the one hand, I like how realistic it is that I have a hard time keeping track of what island is where--the realism is definitely good... but there must be some way to balance it so that it is realistic and challenging, but not overly frustrating. Although you know, I think a lot of my frustration at not remembering which island in the distance was which had to do with the days being so short. Because the days are so short, there's just no room for error in your navigation--you better know where you're heading and be super prepared for anything at all times (I carried around an emergency stash of 4 green coconuts just in case I ended up having to stay the night on an island I didn't mean to, and I wasn't always confident that that would be enough). Having to be prepared is good, but the constant struggle between need deterioration, losing daylight, and not having your bearings on directions and locations made gameplay borderline tedious at times. I would loved to have been able to loosen up a little and not worry so much. Obviously if you're stranded on an island you're going to be constantly preoccupied with survival, but this is a game, so I'd love to be able to lighten up a LITTLE bit more.On the whole I think it is a wonderful game with loads of potential. Even as it currently is, it's a lot of fun, and I definitely recommend trying it out if you love realism-based exploration/survival games with beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,313120,14173189,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,IAmTheDoctor77,"Day 1:Survived the crash. Was drowning under water while still in the plane. Couldn't find the exit for three whole minutes, good thing I can hold my breath for gratuitous amounts of time. Both pilots... KIA. Serves them right, wouldn't even let me in the cockpit. Had to make myself a martini instead. Getting drunk fixes everything. Except finding exits.Anyway, I swam to a conveniently placed lifeboat outside of the plane. Then paddled my♥♥♥♥♥to a conveniently placed island just a few yards away. Saw three sharks in the space of thirty seconds,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants twice. Realized that weird ominous music whenever a shark is around. It's like an ipod with teeth. Got to the island and ate a potato. Built the frame of a house. Tried to build a fire. No such luck. Had to spend my night on the beach next to a pile of crabs (just like sleeping next to my ex girlfriend).Day 2:Finally figured out how to start a fire. Logs burned out before night even fell. So it goes...Built a fort. Felt like a kid again. Looked like crap and had holes in the roof, but it kept me dry when it rained all the next day. Ate another potato.Day 3:The heavy rains came. I stayed crouched in my makeshift fort. No fire. No water. Nothing but my last potato.Day 4:Ate a raw crab. Almost died. Somehow my watch now tells me all of vitals. Trippy potatoes, man. I cooked the next crab, worked just fine. Decided I was bored on my little oasis, got back in my raft and paddled toward another island. Halfway across the sea my raft disappeared and plunged me into the ocean. I just about **** myself. I started doggypaddling as fast as possible. And then it came. An ipod with teeth somewhere in my vicinity. I got away. But then there was another ahead of me. I circled around and somehow made it to the island. This one was worst than the last. And now I'm trapped here. No fire, no water, no raft... just a soggy potato.I'm putting this message in a bottle. If anyone reads this... please send to my ex girlfriend, Kaleigh. That ***** deserves to know that I compared her to a pile of crabs."
,Recommended,313120,14217840,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ice_King,"Crafting/survival game without zombies (for a change).Game launch went well and a fast hotfix corrected the worse bugs. New content (whales) was also added in the first alpha hotfix patch.Game looks great, and I enyoy the survival and exploration aspects.So far, this is NOT another Stomping Land fiasco, but rather a very solid Early Access title for a fair price."
76561197973278806,Recommended,313120,14191551,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Commander Jace Striker,"You know that troll physics comic when the guy sits on a chair and lifts it by himself causeing it to fly, rafts and palmtrees work the same way in this game and makes for a very convenient way to get around. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,30152970,Posted: 24 February,all,savagejenniferwalters,"I will start by saying I do not recommend this game if you bore easily, or don't understand that not all games deserve to be played for 5 hours straight.  This game is for those who appreciate exploration, crafting, and survival style games.**Pros**Fairly large worldAggressive sharks and snakesBuilding systemBeautiful atmosphere**Cons**Slow update progress.  Devs focus on looks rather than functions and new content.The new Rotating inventory is annoying.  I prefer the old system.  This isnt a console game.The crafting is limited.  So is loot.  In reality, You would find an abundance of plastic bottles, string, scraps of random materials you could utilize in crafting.  It wouldn't be on every island, but polution is abundant and any documentary on island life shows you how much trash washes up on shore.Wildlife seems boring.  They have worked on that by adding bats, snakes, boars, etc.  But the Sharks are extremely aggressive, take a while to master killing, and are just an annoyance once you've been playing for a while.I also think more needs to be done with the rafting system.  A storage box on a raft would make loads more sense to me.  If i'm taking the time to travel to another island, I'm not going to go and bring back only what I can carry.  I would fix my raft up to hold more items to make it worth the trip.  This is something Flame in the Flood understood with their raft system.**With all of that out of the way, I have owned this game for quite some time.  I realize 40 hours seems low, but for this type of game, with the amount of content, I believe it to be average.  I love this game in short bursts.  I enjoy exploring the islands, killing sharks, and building a shelter.   I think the atmosphere is incredibly beautiful.  The sea forts are a unique change to the typical islands you see.  I do like the ideas the devs post about, but i wish updates felt more worth the wait.  The game has been out for a very long time in early access with very minimal changes, and very little content added.  Some of the content does not feel rewarding.  If i dive deep down to an unexplored wreckage, I would like to find more than 1 piece of cloth, or 1 roll of duct tape.  I realize not every site will be a gold mine, but scrap metal for building, broken storage containers that I can use in my shelter, plastic bottles, rope.  etc, things that don't corrode as quickly under water and would make sense to find would make it more worthwhile to explore and risk shark attacks.  The rafts need improving.  I have all this access to building large shelters, building a larger raft, but the bigger raft serves no purpose other than protecting me from tipping over when a shark is below.  It should serve a better purpose, haul more loot, provide shelter if a storm hits, etc.  These are all things I'm still holding out hope for, which is why i give it a thumbs up.  I do love the potential of this game, and the atmosphere.  I just hope the devs progress more, and maybe a little quicker."
,Recommended,313120,29126452,Posted: 8 January,all,Ẑeralight,"This game is a fun game, but the enjoyment feels short lived. The concept is great and there are times (especially sunrises) where the game is absoutely beautiful. But after you have built a hut and an engine for your raft the game feels....done. There is more you can do, but there is no reason to do it. For example, you could try to rebuild you raft and base with more rare materials or make them bigger, but there is no advantage in doing so. I would say that this game has an interesting 10-15 hours of gameplay, but starts to seem dull afterwards. You could pay the $15, but wait for it to be on sale. Overally the game was enjoyable but there is alot of work the develpers could put into the game and I really hope they do so. I give a 7/10."
,Recommended,313120,14511447,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OriginalXTS,"(Warning: Spoilers within): Great graphics.. a few bugs (stuck under a reef deep under water, drowned). Found a raft.. lost my paddle.. Found another paddle, binoculars that don't work well and a flashlight. Killed by a shark, dang thing dragged me out deep, too.. Figured out shift helps me run faster (and swim faster).. Realized goggles and flippers are the best thing eva! Now I swim to islands.. Realized once I reach an island that I need to throw a stick down facing the direction of my last island.  Rode in a wooden raft (spoiler alert: foundation laid in water) to the middle of the ocean to be thrown off.. Freaked out and swam for the nearest island.  Now my raft quietly floats in the middle of the ocean.. Wish I had enough wood to make rafts towalk to each island! Loving the doors but wish being inside would warm me up.  Those darn sharks got me again, then went under the island after the hotfix and update :( Killed one!! That *** is mine now, and was tasty.  (spoiler alert: figured out how to place foundations on each side of a fire and place a wooden raft atop to make a stove. I don't think this is off limits to mention. I LOVE the stove!!)  Wish I had the ability to make tables to put my new lantern on, and appliances for a ""kitchen"" and storage units, like chests or something. Will explore more soon to get more wood. Left two trees for coconuts, no chopping those down. Needed a lot of rocks.. had to go to several islands to get what I'd need to build my cottage. Saw one of those spikey fish FLYING!! It defied the laws of physics and went right over my head as I swam to another island. Killed a stingray but unsure what I can do with it, couldn't cut it so I threw it on my stove.. lol What's that even good for? Would make a nice cozy rug.. lol Got sick from a potato uncooked.. what??!! Now they are dangerous? Saw a turtle but didn't have the heart to try to kill him. Trying to take everything I find to one specific island.  Navigation is difficult..Inventory is limited. O.oThis game is a keeper.. :) I'm at 35 hours of gameplay, thinking it's the fourth game (from restarting).. Hope I don't have to do that again.. Can't seem to find a Starbucks.. ^.^5/29/2015 - They have an experimental version right now where they have moved over a large amount of the game to Unity 5. The move didn't include everything but they are updating and improving it.  It's easy to opt in and to opt back out because the files are stored in two different locations for each :DThere are some good guides online to help you get started."
,Recommended,313120,20945524,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FancyEpicGaming,"Date: 2/3/16Review Number: 8Game: Stranded DeepFrom (Creator Publisher): Beam Team GamesPlayed On: Laptop (In-Home Streaming)Steam Price as of Review: $14.99Total Time played: 60 minutesReview:I was surprised when a review of another open world survival game came up on the wheel of misfortune so quickly after my last one, but I couldn't say that I was unhappy that I got to play Stranded Deep by Beam Team Games.  I have been in possession of this game for some number of months, and had admittedly played it for quite a while, then I had put it away when the Forest took my attention away from it for a while.  Now that it was back, however, I was eager to reinstall and get the game running again to experience the hopelessness of a Castaway-style adventure, only with the volleyball as a green coconut, and the name Wilson being replaced by Aidan.It was when I installed and started the game, though that I realized that the game I was putting myself into was vastly different from the original early-access game I had come to know and love some months ago.  Looking over the reviews it appears that a relatively short while ago, but after I put the game down for a time, they went ahead and completely recreated the game in a new engine.  Now while this is not necessarily a bad thing, and I certainly think the new version is beautiful, it appears that this recreation meant a lot of the features and the tightness of the gameplay aspects I enjoyed are yet to be re-implemented in favor of a few new systems that seem a bit of a hodgepodge of features gleaned from other successful games.That being said, I certainly think there were some improvements.  The graphics have improved without any significant detriment to performance, and some of the odd physics bugs I would normally see such as suspended items and the like are no longer there.  The crafting system is a little bit more intuitive, if horrifically incomplete so far, and parts and pieces can be assembled directly from the menus instead of having to place all the items on the ground to get the hammer to handle it.  Even the harvesting seems a bit easier, if changed, though differentiating between driftwood and not driftwood got a bit annoying, especially when it came to inventory management.All in all, I feel like this has (and indeed always had) the solid foundation of a good game, and they had done an excellent job of building a solid game, then threw it all away to make it better.  However, it feels like it’s not quite where it was.  Hopefully, time will remedy this, and as they have proven before they can make a good game, I am cautiously optimistic about it.Game’s Fate: Kept around to play occasionally.  If they start restoring a lot of the features I miss, I may replace RUST with thisBuy/No Buy: This one is a keeper, if anything for the promise, but if you already have a survival game or two, you may want to delay the purchase a bit and continue to entertain yourself with them.  Buy."
76561198114016594,Recommended,313120,22213445,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,cilssoft,"This game is at times incredibly hard and at other times boring as can be.Stranded on a (currently) 5x5 grid with numerous islands each with ""modern"" atrifacts and lots of natural resources you are challenged to survive.At that is a great challenge but once you have the tools in place to produce water and food and sleep the game runs down... I guess survival on a desert island in real life is not so much fun either.Where the game gets really hard is when you take injury such as breaking an arm and being invited to dinner by a shark.There is only one saved game at a time but you can restart in the same ""world"" multiple times or regenerate a new world randomly.Seems a lot of people want this as co-op or multiplayer, not sure I agree with that. Single player is hard, supposed to be hard and is enjoyable. I imagine in co-op mode people want to build stick cities and the like. Maybe once the world becomes bigger (or limitless) maybe co-op could make sense but a MMORG this is not.I do recommend this game, if for no other reason than to support the devs designing and delivering the last remaining peices; i.e. goals and aims, challenge scenarios and the likes. Because, at the moment, once you get about 15 days that's it, monotony sets in.Top Tip: unbind Q as the drop key if you are use to Q being rotate anti clockwise, the amount of items I lost before I did this (usually my compass and usually in the deep ocean).Enjoy and good luck avoiding the sharks"
,Recommended,313120,19723186,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jim,"New update ruined the game. I liked the old way the game felt because you had didnt know what was going to happen but now you can get a map you want from the community and drag it. Also the water caused a massive frame rate drop from last update. Now I can hardly move and I have well over the recommed specs. I dislike the update. I will say that besides that I Really like the open world game, crafting and eating crabs. New update gets 7/10 while old game gets 9/10."
76561197961645804,Recommended,313120,14315265,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Flare |UKCS|,"Short Version : Its good, reasonably stable, atmospheric but empty at the moment. Easy to survive with not many dangers or things to actually do. Buy if have an active imagination and can keep yourself amused, or wait until more content is added as this game has tonnes of potential... if completed.My experience of the game has been mostly positive, it was stable and ran at a decent frame rate on my PC (Intel i7 4ghz nVidia GTX 780 16 gigs rame SSD) and gltitches were minimal really solid opening for a early access alpha.Visually the game is atmospheric with some especially noteworthy lighting, take particular note of the moonlight and sunset though sunrise did have some shadow flickering issues.The islands are generic tropical but pleasing to the eye with some nice water effects, diving below the waterline was well implemented.Controls and physics are reasonable, the movement can be clumsy at times especially near objects or climbing trees and moving about wrecks.Object physics are well implemented with some neat additions to manipulating in game objects in a reasonable fashion, it works much like how you would expect it in many cases.Content is currently rather limited, with very few craftable items and structures available and there really isnt a whole lot to do in the game currently, its up to you the player to amuse yourself in the game.Challenge is currently limited as well, as surviving is easy if somewhat tedious as crossing islands is long and dull but a reasonable expectation given the set piece of the game, and more content is forthcoming and should provide for more challenges to survivial.In its current state this game is a well crafted and stable alpha that is fun to play initially and can amuse for a while, but will sooner rather than later show itself to be shallow and lacking.I would reccommend the game if you have an active imagination, would be happy to enjoy the visuals and pretend to be a castaway and set own goals to amuse yourself... I would not buy this title at the moment if you want action or a harsh survivial trial with goals and achievements to strive for.For an Alpha its a very good start, has tonnes of potential but its early days and the developers will need to keep up the good work."
,Recommended,313120,25113683,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,FOXDIE,Excellent graphics + good optimizationExcellent environmental soundsAthmosphericSolid gameplayHas much potentialCheap priceRecommended for sure easily.
76561198042556221,Recommended,313120,22154374,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,milohamlin,"It is very easy to see why there are so many positive reviews after nearly 24 hours of play in the last three days. I'm still on my first playthrough!(Steam, why don't you record my ofline hours?)I set out yesterday to see/visit all of the remaining islands on my little map. At the end of what turned out to be a 13+ hour marathon session, I finally stood on the last of those quiet shores... but not before being poisoned by a lionfish (not to mention by my diet many, many times), trapped for half a day within sight of shore on an overturned raft by a hungry and aggressive tiger shark, had a broken arm from falling off a container ship, lost two compasses within 5 minutes of finding them (hours apart, and after much careful searching), been lost without food or water several times (until completing a physical map), and having been very nearly trapped to death inside the cargo hold of a derelict ship with no means to craft my way out of it. (Cooler heads prevail.) I have had so many really great moments, and I haven't yet seen all of what this early access simulator already has to offer. I look forward to the eventual end-game, etc etc, and will attempt to survive until the devs figure these things out. In the meantime, I will be expanding my farm, improving my island estate including docks and various watercraft, updating my map with shipwreck locations (boy I really wish I had managed to keep either of those compasses...) and coming up with more unique names for places as I think of them. Oh, and maybe hunting down that shark.To say the least, this game is visually stunning and great fun to play. The wave physics are some of the most realistic I have ever encountered, giving the game a genuine feel of being out on/in the ocean. Combined with the lighting and level of detail (playing on Ultra _everything_, 90deg FOV @ 2715x1527), the surface/volume of the water looks authentic, too. The light of the torch reflects and refracts realistically, and weather affects everything as much as the time of day does, albeit more subtly. Crafting avoids tedium, the pace is right, the bugs (features?) that occasionally appear are in context and generally very avoidable if it feels game-breaking. I did not find any of these to be more excessive than what could be easily explained away by story context, and they have even led to some of the more exciting/tense moments in the game. This is also why I'm not sure if they are bugs or intended features since it all feels connected. Incidentally, I have avoided reading the wikis and watching vids. Nothing ever took me out of the experience, and if I get a chance to play this in VR: instant tropical adventure-vacation!"
76561198042297860,Recommended,313120,15302258,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ztyphlose,"Stranded deep is an extremely promising early access game that needs to add more variety and features.I had been waiting for stranded deep for a LONG time before it's early access release. It was the perfect type of game for me. When it came out I did not enjoy it as much as i thought i would. Don't get me wrong, I REALLY like the game, but I just can't bring myself to love it, and that's because of one thing.Stranded deep is a very good early access game, it runs exetremely well, rarely crashes. It does have a substantial amount of bugs but most of these are just funny and do not take away from the game, and the bad ones are removed within one patch. The game looks amazing and is such a good idea, and now all the developers need to do is add more things to the game.As of now, the game is very simple. You go from island to island, explore wrecks, collect loot, build bases, deal with wildlife, deal with weather, collect food & water and survive. This is exactly what the description of the finished game should be (plus escape back home, or any other cool things the developers can think of), it just needs to be fleshed out. There needs to be more types of everyhting. More wrecks (maybe even caves or other natural exploration areas), more loot, better base building, more (and interesting) wildlife, and in my opinion the most important of all: more types of islands, besides the generic, tiny palm tree islands. I would love to see tiny sandbars, or a massive jungled island, or a grassy island, or a large desert island.Overall, I would reccomend you this game the way i would reccommend any good (emphasise good) early access game. If it looks interesting to and you want to get in on the developement or just join in as the game develops, I would highly reccommend it."
76561198007758193,Recommended,313120,14383430,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wood Wizard,"I impulse purchased this game as soon as i watched the video.  Ive always had this dream and idea of being stranded on an island,  as long as it had an abundunce of food/water.   This game is great,  it sets the stage and kind of gives you that feeling of being stranded on an island.Some things that i would suggest for it ...Maybe instead of having islands always right at the crash site,  instead have the islands no-where to be seen,  and some of the game survival takes place in the Raft for a few days, or maybe even a week.  Collecting Rain out of the Rain pouch,  getting blown in a direction of islands. Maybe have a Raft that has the roof, and Heat becomes a problem. Maybe some type of option to fish for fish while on the raft .. and getting to an island is like a major releif when you finally arrive.  Maybe impliment starvation on the raft, dehydration on the raft.. sea sickness..  A storm,  blazing hot Sun.  Wind . Rain.   And when you find an island ... have leaving the island be a last resort.  Rather then how it is now where u just look around and another one appears .    Leaving the island, and literally having no idea where the next island is ...  and having to go back into survival on the raft until another island appears.being on the Raft should be some of the survival also.It felt too convient that the islands are within 15 feet of the crash site,  And that any other island that you can paddle to  is within the clip plane.   It doesnt feel like im stranded on an island.  It feels like ive been dropped into a convient connection chain of islands that i just hop around to.   and the islands should be slightly bigger,  or have an option for a really big one in the midst of all the smaller ones.Just ideas"
,Recommended,313120,22692308,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sailstone,"MORE CONS THAN PROS BUT OVERALL A GOOD GAME WORTH PLAYING****BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND WAITING UNTIL THE GAME IS FINISHED****Pros;- Not too hard finding materials- Default construction inventory w/""recipies""- Food and water is not too hard to find- It's ""believable"" enough considering it's a game. If it was too realistic the game would have been too hard to be entertaining *in my opinion*.- Graphics are very goodCons;- Navigation at sea is very hard if you're not actually familiar with the use of a compass, marking degrees etc. I've lost my base at least 4 times, having to start over.- VERY boring at times- No animals except small fish, sharks and crabs* Boars added after update* Venomous snakes after update- Game freeze occationally* Preformance improved after update- Inventory; Problems distinguishing between cooked/raw/spilled food as they are in the same slot.- Should be able to craft a map. This is sorely needed!!!!!!!!!- Inventory space is small, (but realistic?)- Diving gear is sorely needed, but based on my experiance very hard to come by.I now have a working ""base"" with a supply of coconuts for food , 3 devices for water supply and a large shelter. Now what? I have explored most of the map and I am more than able to survive, but it doesn't seem to be more to do and as far a I know a rescue isn't yet possible as the game is still on early release.it's a good game for the price and I do actually recommend it. It's visually great and has a lot of potential but as of now I can't really say that players can make any progress after 1-2 hours of effective playtime."
,Recommended,313120,14234769,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Comrade Yngvarr,Malaysia Airlines Simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,313120,14242649,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,"good kid, h.A.A.m city",DAY 1:-got to island-made axe-went diving-stung by sea urchin-feel a little woozy-go on hunt for new island-kill 2 sharks-die from poison-bear grylls would have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the sting10/10 bear grylls simulator 2015
,Recommended,313120,14880209,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HeWhoDrinksCola,I woke up on a boatI paddled to an islandI made a houseI did not have enough stuff to build a houseI got back in my boatI began paddling toward another islandA pair of sharks knocked me out of my boatI swam back to the island in fearThey circled my boatI want my boat backThe sharks stole my boat.I tried to hit them with my axeThey hit me with their teethI accidentally ate a raw crab and got sickSharks are thieving jerks/10
,Recommended,313120,18078371,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Quit`,"Love the game and its amazing and it keeps getting better.So list of things you need to add to make this game better.1. Add other type of sharks.. Hammerhead.. Bull.. Mako.. sand shark..2. Make sharks more threatening and dangerous. Make the sharks personality like in real life.3. Add other spieces.. Add octopus, barracudas.. nemo.. sea snake.. eels..whales..  "" patrick.. spongebob.. mr crabs""lol4.Waves and typhoons whenever the weather is bad.5. make the game more dangerous and harder to survive..6. Different size sharks and spieces7. coral reefs with varity of spieces such as clown fish and others small fish.8. gaint waves and a surf board :DThats all i got. :Dgood game"
,Recommended,313120,14193614,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,✪ Ｈａｒｒｙ,This Game is like the forest but less bugs and better graphics.Best game i've played this year.
,Recommended,313120,24012933,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fango jett,"Fun survival game, mostly I recommend this game because the devs are always bug fixing and implementing new features which sadly doesn't happen for a lot of early access games."
76561198288901119,Recommended,313120,22085204,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,jeremyrobbins5,"I love this game, but i think they need to add in chests or some sort of storage so you can keep building materials somewhere instead of just thrown all over the floor of your shelter like i have them now"
,Recommended,313120,14374099,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,doodledemon,"Hour 1: Make sticksHour 1 1/2: Man make fireHour 2: LAND SHARKSHour 2 1/2: Island now dedicated to Jesus Land SharksDay 2: Sacrificial Coconuts did not please Jesus Land SharksDay 3: Built Home, filled with potatoes, Jesus Land Shark was not pleasedDay 4: Potatoes gone, coconuts every where, I'm scaredDay 5: Fall off palm tree and die because coconut would not cooperate10/10 would sacrfice self for coconuts and potatoes to Jesus Land Shark all day every day"
,Recommended,313120,14134695,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MickeyDrippn,"Just like being stranded in real life, there's nothing to do"
76561198144070135,Recommended,313120,21646378,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Derpturtle108,"awesome, great graphics, reminds me of CastAway!!!!"
76561198172262721,Recommended,313120,28322045,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,NatethekidSM,"This game is decently fun. It's just way too buggy sometimes(the steam achievements don't work for ANYONE, I've been attacked by sharks while on islands because they clipped through it, some sharks are invincible, floating rocks, and more). Other than that, this game is pretty fun. Building is hard at first ,but once you get the hang of it, it's a breeze. The start of the story is pretty much castaway(which I found hilarious). It's still in early access(and has been for a while) but it's still getting updated a decent amount."
,Recommended,313120,15404653,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,∞|๖ۣۜNeo|JR|LR|๖ۣۜIST,"Attacked a Shark with a machette while standing on the shore/beach of my island, dancing with it for a bit, untill it desided to swim in sand, grab me by its teeth dragging me through my own island, letting me loose within a giant stone under the water where it after letting me go teleports away, leaving me to: Drown, Starve, Dehydrate, Bleed and get crushed to death for serval days. 10/10 If you plan on purchasing the game, make sure to apply lotion to your anal area before engaging battle with a land shark."
76561197987350411,Not Recommended,313120,14952828,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Shawn of the Dead,"Beautiful game, but there isn't much to do yet. Food is so plentiful that survival isn't an issue, and the stuff you can dive for is mostly useless for now. Wait a bit on this one."
,Recommended,313120,14201290,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,AttackingLizard,I just flew into the Heavens using a palm tree.10/10
,Recommended,313120,14126472,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hans,"From what little i've played this game is incredible, the visuals are stunning, the gameplay is good, although slightly buggy its to be expected. This game has potential."
76561198136451092,Not Recommended,313120,17764631,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Crisp Rat,"Unfortunately I can't recommend the game. I agree with most of the ""negative"" reviews in here. The islands are very small and don't have many resources, the resources also don't respawn at all/fast enough (I've never seen them respawn). The trip to the next island takes like, 10 real-life minutes and it's boring as hell. Also, the islands are all approximately equidistant from each other in a grid-like pattern, so it's very difficult to distinguish which island you came from after you're in the middle of the sea again. If the islands varied in size and distance from each other, and resources weren't so rare, I think I'd have a reason to play the game. I'm surprised the developers haven't realized this is necessary for the game yet..."
76561198257206225,Recommended,313120,23577062,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,christohoran,"This Game is good. If you like them slow-paced this is for you. Then its gonna really scare you when a shark pulls you off into the deep.I die alot, still like it. Graphics are good (used to look better with less stuff to do) and the gameplay is great. Love the sealife. Love the lighting.Sit back with a stiff drink and look at the sunset. Keep it up Beam-Team! With the new updates the game got alot more entertaining too. Looking really really good so far!"
76561198283578711,Not Recommended,313120,26453640,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,BiGYaRRaK,So i have over 30 hrs played and i already have built a 10 story shack built massive motorised raft and i have explored all the islands and now have absolutely nothing else to do... it was fun while it lasted.. needs 100% more content
76561198255605120,Recommended,313120,28793985,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rekkboy_YT,fix those stupid sharks1:its raining sharks2:sharks go under my island3: the sharks thake me under the island4:the sharks are unkilleble
76561198144459686,Recommended,313120,27745998,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,killzone,I love this game  the water looks amazing the animations are good but the one thing i dont like is the discorery fog because you whant to go to another island but you dont know where your going so your basicley sitting in your raft padiling for like 2in game days  but overall i do recommend this game
76561198216533401,Recommended,313120,31843869,Posted: 19 May,all,williams.kblake,"People complain about 2 bogus thingsCreativity is essential-After 70 hours, I have come to the conclusion that if gamers say this game is boring or redundant, it is more of a reflection of their creativity level. With a good sense of creativity and adventure (and the willingness to spend hours gathering resources), this game is a satisfying experience in the world of survival crafting games with a touch of extensive building capabilities.Multiplayer not needed-I am thrilled that the game is not multiplayer. I like the idea of being out there alone where no one will bother my stuff or kill me. The idea is that you are stranded, not hanging out with friends for an island party.Keep up the good work on making this game better with each update Beam Team!"
76561198028228827,Not Recommended,313120,33757238,Posted: 23 July,all,Hashbrown Yoda,Great looking graphics and the game play itself isnt bad at all but after a few days of surival you become stuck in a loop. Its more of an explortion game than a grinder so it has potential but not in its current state or map size. You will hit borders quick. Theres no real direction yet with this title and the recent mission update has made me shelf the game until something interesting happens. Missions dont make sense in this title. I would wait on this purchase.
,Recommended,313120,14127560,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Camzillasmom,"A promising Early Access game all about survival and crafting, no Zombies, no manual, no ""Craft the 100 most important items if you crash land"" Guide Book.You´re somewhere in the ocean. Alone. All you have is a raft, a paddle, a knife and a bottle of water. Head for the next island to find out what happens when you use that knife on some plants. Also there might be some loot in ship wrecks on the beach and under water.Try everything, put all the loot on the pile and try to craft. I can drink coconut water and craft a bed. Unfortunately I coundn´t use it, even though it was night time. But then... it´s early access. I´m sure I will be able to sleep at some stage."
76561198017710972,Recommended,313120,23102006,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SSS.Chainsaw_Eight Бензоп,Very Good Game It Needs Multiplayer
76561198130699069,Recommended,313120,21879299,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,brokenears25,"I have never wrote a review, but this game deserves it. I applaud the creators and designers of this game. I bought this game in its very early development and still play when I have time. The fact that they are still improving the game and actually care, is a hard thing to find on Steam these days. Nothing like having a stressfull real day and then going and hanging out on the beach of Stranded Deep. I would hope they stay away from multiplayer with the bugs and problems it brings. If they stay focused and continue with the degree of fine tuning that they have, they have the potential to have the best RPG game of the century. Yeah I said it."
,Recommended,313120,14350591,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ransak,Just collected enough materials from others islands to build a 5 star resort on mine!10/10
76561198221357380,Recommended,313120,15766755,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,tracimichaelmaupin,I really love this game its the best survival game out there WITHOUT ZOMBIES!!! its very realistic and well thought out for a early access game. I recommend it to anyone who love realistic survival it has a unique crafting system and you can build some really creative structures. It also does not take alot to run this game i am playing it on high settings on a $300 hp laptop and it is very smooth.  One thing i do wish they would add is some wildlife on the island maybe some lyzards or snakes and a craftable blowgun and for sure if done right a fishing pole could be hours of fun and resourceful. Overall rating for me a 10 out of 10 GREAT JOB GUYS KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
76561198020907839,Recommended,313120,22922419,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Weevah,"Beautiful and relaxing, but if you want constant action don't buy.Provides a surprisingly good Pacific Island castaway fantasy. If you are sick to death of the people around you and need solo isolation, this game delivers. It's ok to play if you are very tired after work too.Visually, the shark encounters and deep wreck diving is terrifying. You can control your exposure to these events, then return to your island to relax. This simulation of control may be very welcome to some.With no hope of rescue, you will spend the later part of your time in the game exploring for the sake of having something to do. Player created maps can help extend the life of the game.But I enjoy just sitting on the beach, watching the in game hours go buy, as my total time survived gets longer, and longer, and longer..."
76561198120503673,Recommended,313120,24044911,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sgt. Prepper,"I gave it a try about a year ago and did not play so much - lack of time and some difficulties with the interface (e.g. crafting tools has been not so confortable). I Played the current version a few weeks ago and since then I cannot stop playing. It is so much fun to discover new islands and to examine the ship wrecks. Simply to survive by finding food und improving the camp is enough for me to get lost in the game every day. If you do not know the game, give it a try. And if you have not played it in the recent time, give it a second chance, too. There are some glitches with the 3D sometimes, but simply investigating the islands and animals is worth it. I wish I could dive into this world in real (sort of). [I do not know the team who is making the game, but thanks to you and keep on the awsome work!]"
76561198103495606,Recommended,313120,28450008,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pootis Spencer,trees need to grow back
,Not Recommended,313120,17532559,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,matthewnova,"Awesome game and a great concept. However, the developers let us all down because the game looked like it could've been a great game and lots of people bought it. Then they never updated and there is a big lack of content and it gets really boring after an hour of playing."
,Not Recommended,313120,21048845,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Armitage,"I've played this game off and on since it came out on early access, and I can say it has potential. It's still very buggy, particularly when it comes to interacting with structures like rafts. Also, you tend to just die for no reason. I just gave up playing again, because my food rapidly depleted for what I can only say was no reason. I ended up dying a couple of seconds after my food bar depleted, yet in the previous game, I was bleeding to death after being bitten by a shark (why do bandages need duct tape?) and without health for several in game days before I popped my clogs.And the only reason I died in the second game was because you can't build a campfire on your raft's deck, even if it's made from scrap steel. The campfire placed about 4 feet off the deck, and made it impossible to balance a fish on it to cook it.Also, with such a limited inventory, and no real way of transporting resources on your raft (because when you throw stuff on the deck, the boat tends to just glitch hard, and become impossible to sail), why isn't there some kind of craftable storage you could place on the deck of your raft?If you're a super diehard fan of roguelike survival games, you might like this one. But I would have to say i can't recommend it in it's current state. Still needs a lot of tightening up of the nuts and bolts before it goes from a frustrating and unforgiving game, to something that's a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,313120,14170104,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,{ SPACE BANDIT },"For an Early Access game, this is OUTSTANDING.I recommend this game to anyone who likes adventure, survival, and a challenge.Hopefully, we can get multiplayer so that we can survive with friends. That would make this already great game even better! :D"
,Recommended,313120,15733699,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,NicebutDim,I like this game alot. Multiplayer would not be for me but would work for many other people.I LOVE the Graphics so beautiful.The Game play interface is easy to get along with.I would like to see more objects but that will come in time.BUY THIS GAME. :)
76561198127077589,Recommended,313120,22891888,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Insanity,"Stranded Deep is well...umm... a great game! But there is alot to say about it.Stranded Deep is an open world, Early Access, finite survival game where all you need to fight is yourself, hunger and thirst and the rare shark that seems to ram you but never hurt you. Another think you are fighting survival against is climbing ladder and trees cause man they need some serious attention to get there bugs fixed.The Beam Team are clearly not sure how they want this game since there always adding you features, modifing the features, removing them for a few updates and re-adding them. And not to mention the lack of updates and features that come into each update. And dont forget the Stranded Deep Steam Achivements that you cant get!There are more that enough bugs in it, even though there is possibly 50 amazing things for this game, you could find more than double 50 bugs in Stranded Deep.-Pros-Unique Game-Alot of fun-Alot of coconut eating-Exploring and getting lost-Water Animations-Island Builder-Addictive-Always busy-Cons-Bugs-Bugs-Bugs-lag for older PC-Not alot of Content-Repetative-Devs dont like to listen-Singleplayer onlyAll in all, Stranded Deep is a great game that has alot of potential that the devs have yet to see or do anything with and alot of bugs. No point waiting to buy the game because you will be waiting a while so jsut go get it now and make do!8.724/10 Only worth it on sales (for now.)First review!!! Keep insane on the lonesum islands of Stranded Deep- Insanity."
,Recommended,313120,14215425,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Stephen,"Expecting a full game and unbroke gameplay, dont play early access/alpha/beta games.This game already has the foundation to be a top game. Island surival style has many dangers and at the same time makes your completed goals a little more meaningful."
76561198053318542,Recommended,313120,15113348,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,The Sexy Bandit,"So I'm about 30 plus hours into the game now and so far, even in it's ""early access"" stage, I thoroughly enjoy this game. My one critic is that the actions become repetitive. You harvest wood, build a hut, eat, sleep. Wake up, harvest wood, add to your hut, eat, sleep. Wake up, travel to another island to harvest wood, add to your hut, eat, sleep. So I'd like to see an expansion to the crafting in terms of things that you can build. So far I've found a ""Dead Ex"" box, and a ""landshark"" sign. Which makes me think, ""well, what if you can build shelves to store inventory or even able to hang my wonderful, ""landshark"" sign? How about a chair, or an improvised lamp?Although I understand that it's essentially a ""survival"" game, in reality, morale is also essential to survival. So perhaps you travel to a distant island and find a treasure map? Or parts of a treasure map that you have to peice together? It would definitely increase player moral and change up the repetitive and often, mundane task of wake up, eat some cooked crab, travel to an island to harvest wood, come back to home island, add to hut, sleep and repeat.But with that said, I do recommend the game and I am still going strong in my support of this game."
,Not Recommended,313120,16511391,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kurakeisari,"I tought this game had a lot of content. Live, build and survive type deal. Turned out it's very narrow and limited. Sure was very fun going into boats and what not at first...Then what started out as fun survival become quickly...""Is this it?""."
,Recommended,313120,18736897,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Nakoju Akimata,"So far SUPER AWESOME, but it needs multiplayer and a better guide like a survival book or something. mainly i think it should have a few tweaks and a few disign modifications as well. Like an actual player model for multiplayer which you can customize, and you can also find the plane shipwreck somewhere too. Also ive been running into a few tight spots, like running out of trees, and getting lost when exploring islands. I also think that the islands should have more trees and be at least a bit bigger so you can create a bit of a colony or big enough to make a small village. If you have time plz get on it, my freind REALLY wants multiplayer. PLZ add it."
76561198375081334,Recommended,313120,34180549,Posted: 11 August,all,jonathanallain,very fun game but it would be better with a coop or multiplayer plsssssssss
,Not Recommended,313120,16542221,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,So Spectral,"As of about June 2015, I can't say that I'd recommend this game. It isn't bad, but it really has nothing going for it. After the initial rush wears off about being a deep ocean game, there's nothing new to find. It's pretty much your typical Early Access ""craft and survive"" game, aside from a somewhat unique ""physical"" crafting system nothing stands out.If you're into base buiding, I guess you may enjoy this game although it gets really repetative and it's just walls and roofs at this point."
,Not Recommended,313120,17856991,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CaladielZ,"Bought it, didnt enjoy much, asked for refund.The game could be great...but its not. As many already said, after 1-2 hours you have nothing else to do, the island is too small and you cant carry enough to move around...so you will have to restart everytime the resource is over in your island, wich happens really fast.So its basically a survival game that you wont feel like crafting, because you will probably have to leave your stuff behind very soon..wont feel like exploring, because you cant carry the stuff you got, so theres no point in looking for new things, then all you got is chop trees down, eat crabs and drink coconut, the end.But yeah, it has some pros like:graphics - its really amazing, with lots of details, and at the same time doesnt require a killer computer to runthe idea - crashing and end up in a island...feels a bit like ""Lost"" here xD but its awesome. With bigger islands we could also have some wild land animals to fight..for now just sharks.gameplay - its ok, not fantastic, but good...a bit confusing in the beginning, with the crafting system being a bit unusual, but i guess once you get used its easy to play.I will stay tuned for the updates it may hold in the future, and probably will buy it again, if they make it more enjoyable xD"
76561198217527488,Recommended,313120,28107996,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,schimmelpilz333,Stranded Deep is one of those video games you have to own if you are a survival game enthusiast. Even if you are not really in to survival games Stranded Deep will change your mind about it. In difference to many other early access the developers update it quite often and add so much to the game. I'll be honest for an early access game it's amazing and really cool but it needs still some work although the developers work on it with rally much effort. But buy it because  15€ are not much for a game like Stranded Deep.So if you are a survival game enthusiast or a survival game beginner it's perfect for you and if you like games with sharks even better ;)
76561198032195915,Recommended,313120,28052614,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Borgscan,"This game has so much potential. I've been playing on and off since it hit early access and considering that Beam Team only has the two developers, they have made a lot of progress. The main thing that could make this game so much better is it when it finally gets the much anticipated co-op."
76561198379256079,Recommended,313120,31400577,Posted: 27 April,all,hannibaltexter,would be cool if we can build our home ON rafts! and maybe take parts of old shipwreks and use it for our rafts or houses. just like the container.
76561198046987081,Recommended,313120,14214840,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DeepInMyTralala,"An amazing survivor game.Graphics are awesome, it's like a real survivor.Can't wait for the contents ! :)"
,Not Recommended,313120,29672162,Posted: 3 February,all,Faurly,"Honestly this game is boring. Simple enough, as others have stated it starts out fun but quickly becomes boring. There's not much you can do in this game, and after you build a 'base', and a bigger/better raft, theres nothing really left to do. Aside from that though, in my experience it takes a fair amount of grinding to get anywhere. If you cut down all the trees on the island you have to go to another island for wood, even if there are trees i takes like 2 minutes to cut it down, then an additional 2 minutes to cut the trunk into logs, and then 2 minutes to cut the logs into sticks. So to sum this game up in one word, I would say grindy."
,Recommended,313120,31587305,Posted: 6 May,all,DeepGhosts,"This game is still in development.So far it is interesting,although I've seen this game since the begining and features were implemented at a slow pace.There's not much to do,the most time spent will be swimming from island to island.This game requires patience.It contains a decent amount of objects that can be interacted with (building elements mostly).It is extremely time consuming and the initial progression can be slow,it will leave you wondering what are you supposed to do many times.An issue I found was that if I built for example a hummer before the game asked me to,it would ask me to build another one (that should get fixed at some point).There's day/night cycle.Camp fireVariety of building toolsBuilding elements (types of walls,roofs).Different sized boats (but not enough and they can be hard to control).Overall I do recommend this game but be aware,if you don't want to get frustrated and want a fairly complete game,you should go for something else."
76561198055586349,Not Recommended,313120,33816868,Posted: 26 July,all,lennyQuick,"Almost but not quite. Here was the problem. Pails. I played numerous times and the game did not generate pails. Without pails the game becomes an exercise in chasing  after coconuts and the occasional hanging fruit. I tried numerous ways to get pails. I survived numerous days. No pails. Searched every ship wreck, plane wreck etc. and no pails. I  then tried something else. I saved. Went to a wreck. Checked all the containers, lockers, then purposely died. Then went back to original save and went back to the wreck. Yes new objects spawned but  NO DANG PAILS. Did this roughly 10 times but no pails. Now why this happens is anyones guess. Most people have numerous pails scattered everywhere. So I did what every self-respecting p'd off player would do. Installed the mods. Of course there is no pail on the mods but there is endless water with the water bottle or Quana Fruit.  And of course when I used the mods well then next came the auto building etc. Basically ruined the real fun.SIMPLE BLOODY SOLUTION: Have the ability to craft pails with wood, or clay etc. This would have been easy. INSTEAD YOU CAN CRAFT EVERY MANNER of objects but no not a simple pail!!! Dumb. That's a fail, fail fail.Days are too short. Too many storms. Roughly 3/5 times cuts short your ability to travel.And by the way with the new experimental. Forget the stupid snapping crabs that can injure. If you're weak the little schmucks can kill you. Stupid idea. Get rid of the  killer crabs."
,Recommended,313120,14857858,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,fever,Its a little bit of a sandbox so you have to have an imagination to play it but I've played it for 23 hours and really enjoyed it. I've definitely got my moneys worth and will probably easily put another 50 hours into it.  Its really good if you like exploring and crafting games plus the community and developer relationship is really good so there are frequent updates on what is happening.
76561198045475031,Recommended,313120,22667357,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,footrotscott,"Great little game, i say little because it is at the moment, worlds are very small, provided you have the right process you can explore an entire map by 16 days survived, pretty much build your self a nice base, motorised raft, good water supply, and plenty of food. After that there is little else to do unless you want to take a shark on.Really hope they go with this one, could be a classic in the making if they make the maps bigger, and have more content like more ocean wild life, maybe craft a fishing rod, make islands more diverse with predators on land to spice things up, craft traps, skin mammals.Im sure the devs have their heads brimming with ideas, but Rome was not built in a day, and could be a couple of years before we have anyhwere near a completed game."
,Recommended,313120,18250247,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GasMask,"One of the best survival games. You're alone in a small set of islands and that's it. Survive. No enemies, no guns, no magic. Just you and Wilson!"
,Recommended,313120,24710077,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Works,"I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that since dead fish sink in this game and the great whites only swim in the most deep regions, I can't harvest the great white meat. The things take mad spears and arrows to kill and then just sink into infinity...It would be interesting if we could build structures onto our boats.There isn't much incentive to keep going after you figure out a decent system for food and water, but if you're like me, maybe you would just like to hoard shark steaks. I have sooo many shark steaks...edit*I forgot to add a few other points: marlins are currently immune to all projectiles. Arrows and spears simply pass through them and one must melee attack them from in the water to deal any type of damage.Boars take an ungodly amount of damage for how skittish they are and the miniscule meat portions they deal. Multiple spears to kill a cocker spaniel sized pig. Meanwhile, A ~10 foot long tiger shark takes only 3..?If something could be implemented to give structures some functionality, that would be great (illnesses from exposure?). I would also like to see more craftables like chairs or some type of furniture to put into my structures.Great whites seem to be extremely passive. I mean passive to the point that I jumped into the water and swam with three of them  for 4 or 5 minutes. After I melee attacked one with a spear they promptly destroyed me, but other than that they just seemed to want to hang out.It felt like in previous versions tiger and great white sharks were much more eager to knock players off of rafts and in about 70 hours of gameplay, gameplay that is mostly focused on hunting sharks, I have been tossed from my raft once. This may have even been a result of a wave, as at this particular time that I was hunting, the weather left much to be desired.If you approach a floating raft from underneath and collide with it while swimming, it is flung about 30 or so feet in whatever direction you accidentally or purposely aimed it in. As entertaining as this is, if my raft lands upside down, there is no easy way to flip it back upright and as far as I can tell it is impossible to  jump on top of a floating overturned raft from the water. If you have an upside down raft on land, no problem, it can be jumped on. The problem arises while the player is swimming with no raised area to stand on next to said raft. I have resorted to either dragging it to shore (problematic if I am not near an island) or repeatedly utilizing said catapulting raft glitch until I am lucky enough to land my raft sail-side up. I would seriously not mind being in open ocean and my raft randomly catapulting while I attempt to board it if I could simply climb on top of the overturned vessel in the event of a shark attack.These issues aside, I thoroughly enjoy the game for what it is and hope that the developers continue support. There's alot ot potential here."
,Not Recommended,313120,18141182,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dravinist,"Not recomended - Dev is too slow to address glitches, game play dynamics, bioms, rendering, and inventory systems."
76561198044886869,Recommended,313120,14210479,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,JambonGrierson,Was not afraid of sharks before this game.....now im terrified of them.
76561198016089666,Recommended,313120,17892209,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[TCA] nex addo,"As a big fan of TV series like Naked & Afraid, Bear Grylls and the like i was very interested in the concept of this game. First off the visuals are stunning, camparing it to the likes of Rust and 7 days to die makes it feel decades ahead, admittedly i'd imagine these games look so terrible because they are based on the Voxel engine. Yes, development is slow, being only two developers on staff but to all those reviewers complaining that there is little to do in the game and why isn't the game finished, well they should have researched the company before investing cash. This is an early access alpha game, it isn't even close to finished and won't be for a long time but without your investment these companies couldn't operate. Buy it, play it for a few hours, enjoy it and come back in a couple of years to enjoy the finished product."
76561198272159924,Recommended,313120,26364911,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,blackhellsfury,love it.. wish more games could be like this. world where you can survive and dont have to worry about zombies or monsters for a change..
,Recommended,313120,14429133,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mystic,Most fun I have had collecting supplies and figuring out a way to build my hut mansion and spend time with wollie in the evenings. Make sure you try to find a compass makes navigating 1000x easier lost my island 3 times but got lucky and found it each time. Definitely leave yourself markers at each visited island pointing the way home!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,313120,18270806,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Fuzes,"The game is a good game but it gets repetative, the same thing over and over. I have also run out of things to do in it and Ihave only played about 2 hours."
,Recommended,313120,14155568,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Paper Cha$e,Its like Lord of the Flies with out any kids.
76561198047749569,Recommended,313120,14346907,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Vlad the Impregnator,Tom hanks simulator 2015 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,313120,34155210,Posted: 10 August,all,ShintyShinto,"A fun and immersive island survival game that's worth a shot for any fan of the genre. Right off the bat you dig yourself out of a plane crash and into a world of isolation. Oh, and you just so happen to be the lone survivor of that crash.From then on, aside from the help of an optional tutorial, you're left to survive how you see fit. And that process will most likely involve tiger sharks and the dark depths of the mysterious ocean engulfing you. So if you're afraid of the sea, or otherwise being lunch for a shark, well then all I can say is good luck!Seriously, this is a great game and it's only going to get better. Definitely worth your time. But nothing is perfect, and there is still definitely a few improvements to be made here. These include:- Much, much larger maps with bigger islands and more to explore below the surface.- Make sharks a rare experience so that we can actually explore the ocean, and when we do encounter them we are in real danger of dying, but can still escaspe with some determination.- Add more secrets to explore such as MASSIVE shipwrecks and other plane crashes.- Add a fuel system for the boat motor that is challenging but not ridiculous.- Maybe add a sanity feature where players have to maintain their mental health or risk going insane.-Introduce caves for us to explore (not just underwater) that are full of mystery and wonder.- Make the building system more in-depth (right now it restricts you certain types of roof designs, etc)- Maybe add dynamic fire so a player can burn down an entire island if they're really bored.Lots of things that would make the game even better!"
76561198148232143,Recommended,313120,23284126,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Seb Sandwich,This game is AMAZING! But it dosent run perfectly on my laptop anymore. Would reccomend ifyou have a powerful PC tho.
76561198042061302,Not Recommended,313120,17833177,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Daemos,"TLDR: Save yourself the frustration and potentially lost money and wait until this game is out of early access.Full Review:Wait until this game is out of early access.  Dev's are absurdly slow at releasing updates, and don't seem to have their priorities in order.  The game has great potential, but if you buy now you're taking a huge risk that you're buying something that will never be finished.Dev's are not focusing on adding content or gameplay mechanisms at all. Rather, they spend all of their time polishing graphics. (At the rate they're going, by the time they decide their unity 5 transition is fully complete, unity 6 will be out.)I understand the desire to polish everything up, by there's an addage in the programming world... if you wait for perfection to release your product, you will never release a product.  That seems to be what's happening here.  That is precisely why the best early access projects follow a cycle of release functionality, polish functionality, repeat... it allows you to test your design plans and make sure your ""vision"" is sound, before you spend 6 months polishing it."
,Recommended,313120,14781073,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"An amazing game. We got a game where your plane crashes in the forest and you must survive, now we got a game where your plane crashes in the ocean and you must survive. Perhaps soon we will have a game where you plane crashes in Africa. That would be worthy of $120 for a purchase."
,Recommended,313120,14128146,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Curtains,"Ive never felt such a loss as to losing a hammer, i nearly died swimming to get it , i grabbed the hammer and placed it ontop of the wreck i swum out to grab it then it started to  slide off of the roof of the wreck i sprinted to it but alass i was to late as it slipped beneath the blue waves as i saw the slow decencet of the hammer i felt so disapointed about myself , i thought maybe i could dive for it but i was to late as a tiger shark swam to the hammers location, i walked back to my dinggy with head bowed, i was silent i paddled back to shore saved the game 10/10 </3 RIP HAMMER"
76561198008273635,Recommended,313120,14192482,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Scoren,to say its only been out a few day an there is atm notting much to do but build a home an hunt for gear an food all i can say is I BLOODY LOVE IT!!!!. Lets hope it gets better which it will.
76561198093302473,Recommended,313120,19338957,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Treker,"This is one of the best survival games I've ever played. Not to go into much detail: Free to roam anywhere. A very simple and effective crafting system in place. Vast amounts of treasures to find all over. Building structures to live within and to seperate, manage, and store all the loot acquired feels really rewarding. This can be a frightening experience at times. Being alone out in the middle of the ocean and either great white sharks or tiger sharks advance within close proximity. Whether you are diving below to explore shipwrecks or paddling in your raft on the surface. They're gonna getcha unless evasive maneuvers are taken or you have a weapon at hand and feel lucky. With an infinite amount of islands to check out it is easy to get lost unless you find a compass or have a good sense of direction. It looks and feels ultra realistic. I have been ecstatic with joy since it's early access release."
76561198029069901,Recommended,313120,14306888,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Unknownaussie,Holy F this game actually scares me fear of sharks dosent help ahh but it is a great game :D and i found wilson :P
76561198157497921,Not Recommended,313120,18782392,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ajkurly,"I rate this game a 5/10.First of all, the graphics are AMAZING. It feels like you are actually on a deserted island surrounded by bloodthirsty sharks. Unfortunately, you have to say hello to those sharks very early in the game. In fact, don't get attached to your beginning island, because in about 15 minutes after you start the game, you'll have figured out the entire LIMITED crafting system. But thats not the best part, the best part is when a shark gently bumps your raft as you're regrettably trudging from one island to the next, as you fly into the air, and the raft flies in the other direction. I didn't know sharks could do that.. Apart from some pretty serious glitches that haven't been adressed, the absolute worst part of  the game is the VERY limited amount of resources to work with. I think even Forest Gump had more trees to work with. WE NEED MORE STICKS DEVS. Thanks, and until then, ill be watching, but unfortunately, not playing.P.S. I do have to say.. diving and exploring underwater and trying to avoid death by shark is what makes the game. It is the absolute best and most thrilling experience the game has to offer. Go Devs on that. But seriously guys. Please more sticks."
,Recommended,313120,19726500,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ac19189,If you really enjoy a surival game this one has come a long way from its original roots. While currently the game is limited in its functions due to early access it is still well worth every penny. The team behind this game is moving along with updates after a total recode of the core system not because it was required but because they wanted to give the community the options they requested.While the game lacks a coop function right now it has been promised in the future and honestly you will find yourself playing the game for hours without even knowing it. If you really want a feel for this game go check out a lets play but if you want the bottom line on this game. Is it worth buying? Yes it is without a doubt as the game progresses it will only get better speaking as someone who came from the original first release and seeing what the game has come to in less then a year. I am expecting great things from this game not only in maps but also in mods and content as time goes on.The community you will find here are people who enjoy survival games that are deep rooted around crafting systems. The one thing that has impressed me so much about this game is the dev team. They go out of their way to make sure YOU get the content and features you want and are willing to come into the forums just to help you fix an issue. When you invest into this game you arent just investing into a game you investing into a group of friends and family that will try and make sure you have a good time playing the game.
76561198052516262,Recommended,313120,14274005,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,superzombieplaytupus,"This review is for the 0.01 buildFirst off let me say that this game does look alot like 2014s similar themed game ""The Forest"", which is a good game in its own right, but this game operates almost completly different. First off I believe this game runs off of Unreal 3 Engine, can't confirm this, given that some mechanics are similar to other U3 games, notably ""Viscera Cleanup Crew"", and ""The Forest"" runs off of the Unity engine, which these differacnes creates a drastically different game.... I tired of trying to clean this up, this game IS amazing!!!! I cant predict the future but this game has some amazing potential, and at its current build it is completly playable, if you die its your fault. I would recommend this game up and down, all day of the week 369 days of the year, hell I'd pay more than 14 USD for this. I don't beleive you can find a better game for that price. If it have even a slight interest in this game, BUY IT NOW"
76561198065043139,Recommended,313120,14218898,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ruski,"Early Access GameThis game is pretty cool so far. It might seem boring for a while, but the Devs are on the case by adding new items and fixing bugs EXTREMELY fast.Pros:Extremely FunLooks amazingDevs listen to players and update game quicklyCons:May seem boring when traveling island to islandOverall:8/10 GameNeeds improvement, but when else can you ask for in a game thats only in the very beginning stages!"
,Recommended,313120,14157805,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Enderfect,2:10 AM my plane went down i was scared alone.. i conveniently found a raft already deployed outside the burning planei hopped on all i remember was an explosion then i woke on a deserted island Cold.. Hungry with nothing but my knife and the wet clothes on my back so i stabbed a crab!!! built a campfire out of some sticks with my handy zippo lighter that managed to not get wet in my pocket Surely someone would come looking for the plane i just had to stay alive and alert till then this islands resources are Scarce i see nearby islands in the distance ima pack what i can and head for one. on my trusty inflatable raft2:32 AM I fear this is my last entry upon crossing this small patch of ocean to the island over yonder my raft suddenly dissapered! i now drift between 2 small islands in the middle of the ocean i would be filled with mass confusion but instead i feel panic as i look up and see a pair of large bodied fins heading my way...Overdramatics Aside So far this game is fantastic lol the graphics are gorgeous! the crafting feels very real and immersive for the situation your in and to compliment that there is no hud at all in the game turn the lights out get some headphones and its just you and the game. On top of gorgeous graphics both in and out of water the lighting is also fantastic and from there what am i missing the sound! the sound in my honest opinion is spectacular combined with the graphics and just feel of the game.One of the best Early Access games i have expierencedHave fun!
,Recommended,313120,14320817,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,CrazedFilms,very interesting game can't wait for more add ons
76561198141422740,Not Recommended,313120,18854314,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,HELLO KINKY,"Now don’t get me wrong I had fun with this game a decent 2 hours worth but after that I found the game lacking in filling. And it became repetitive, and there is only so long I can sit on a beach before I get board and slowly go insane. Much like Tom Hanks in that one move where he is stranded on a beach. But in summary, it is really up to how much you are willing to pay for a game in early access, if you think it is a reasonable price to pay, go ahead, it goes towards the developer and goes to making it a better game. But I personally just don’t think there Is enough content to be worth buying."
76561198018603799,Not Recommended,313120,17082939,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Warpig_03,"Sharks are too hard to kill. You can fashion a spear, knife, hammer, axe....but no bow/arrow? Paddling is too slow. Crafting is extremely limited. Iventory slots are nill, no craftable pack, drag bag, etc. No navigational log book!? If you're lucky enough to find a compass, great, but without some means to record all the plots, heading, etc, the endless seeds are pointless with no means to track them.Once the novelty of the game wears off, it gets old...FAST."
,Recommended,313120,14127278,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Vildhjarta,"I've only played it for a little bit. It looks beautiful, and the physics system seems great, but when you acutally start playing, It didn't prompt anything to show how to craft, or how to begin crafting. So I still have no idea how to do anything. If there was some kind of ""Turtorial tool"" when you actually get to the island was there, I think this would be much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,313120,24891196,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Blikkjen (Deagol),"Pros:1. Great idea, kinda like the Forrest except the fact that people won't eat you every 10th minute. Really love it.2. Great visuals, The water did absolutely blow me away the first time i saw it, and the sunsets/sunrises are incredible3. Great gameplay, hunting, fishing, building things, just staying alive.4. Small game size. The game only takes about 200 MB on your disk.Cons:1. Terrible optimalization in graphics. I played one of the earliest versions of this game on Intel HD Graphics, and it wasplayable. The game is getting more and more heavy on the hardware.2. It gets boring. Even though the gameplay is great, isn't there exactly much to do. It's repedetive, and the funniest thing to do is to build a base. If the devolopers added the fact that you could get saved, you would have a goal to achieve in the game. Also, added more things to find, more wrech's after ships, maybe implent some really big islands, so the game don't only consist of many small islands.3. Bugs. Achivements don't work, the Level Editor is nearly impossible to use because you can't place obects all of sudden, and when you chop up a pile of driftwood, does atleast one of the logs go 40 meters straight in the ocean.Overall, a 7/10Tom Hanks Simulator."
76561198042244409,Recommended,313120,28969938,Posted: 3 January,all,FallenXBlade,"Fun game and so far the way the game looks is amazing from what it was, and with the imroved menu screans and increse in island diversity I think this game will go far. The crafting is fun and the farming is a nice addition. I have just recnetly satarted playing it again so we will just have to see what its like now. I anticipate great things from this game and i hope it will be fun and inovative for the kind of game that it is."
,Recommended,313120,30861161,Posted: 31 March,all,deeplogic,"Although this game has some problems, and I came into it a couple years after it's initial early access release (which, is a dreadful long time), I feel like I have to recommend it. Why? It has a great atmosphere, is a true survival game (without zombies or murdersome gangs of ten year-olds) and, barring a few minor changes, is nearly a complete experience.I've put about 19 hours into the game at this point and, unfortunately, don't feel like anything is much of a challenge anymore. I have a heartiful stock of smoked meat and fresh water, have a decent home with plenty of storage and have wiped out all the animals on the island. Unfortunately, I've also deforested it, but jumping over to other islands is easy. The sharks are a little worrysome, but I haven't even been attacked by one yet. I do start to move in zigzag patterns when they come near - I'm not sure if that's why I've survived them - but it definitely doesn't feel like a threat. Besides, I just save prior to leaving my island and can just reload if I run into trouble.Outside of continuing to... survive, I can't say I feel like I need to dominate all the islands or build anything spectacular, or anything else of long-term value. What would make this have more long-term appeal for me would be a renewing animal population and/or animal husbandry, the ability to bring animals back to your own island, a way to plant trees (and not fruit trees in a harvesting plot), increased danger from the marine environment, storms that have real-world effects such as structure damage (like in Mad Max), enhanced action animations to replace the somewhat cheesy fire starting and the chopping mechanic that feels a little like you're cheating, and, well, heck, even though I don't always like the roaming gangs of murdersome ten year-olds, some form of optional multiplayer.As for what's good: The atmosphere is wonderful. The graphics are good; I won't say I was stunned, but there's at least nothing that detracts from gameplay. The lighting effects are good and lend to the atmosphere. There have been quite a few points where I just stopped what I was doing to look up at the sky for a bit or made sure I was up for the sunrise in the case of a late night. The point of view is wonderful in that you can see your body when you look down - you're viewpoint is from an actual head, not a floating one with the rest of you being invisible. Another great thing is that to cook a piece of meat, what do you do? You throw it on the fire! Of course, you can build a spit or a smoker, but in the end, putting a piece of meat on a fire actually cooks it. That's a touch of realism that's missing from most of these games.So, all-in-all, I recommend this game. It's not quite to the point of long-term playability that I'd like, but I suspect they'll be getting there soon. They seem so close. I'll update my review if I see this not taking place, but, for now, I like the game, see its potential and can't wait for it to get there. I'll still be playing here and there in the meantime!UPDATE-------------I didn't realize I wasn't receiving experimental updates and, when I turned them on, I got another 20 hours of play out of this. I hit the bar again, but the expiremental updates are great. I appreciate being able to build a more solid, even if only superficial, structure and really love not having to look for empty buckets. I'm looking forward to what comes next and still recommend this game.UPDATE-------------After the initial glee that came along with the addition of the experimental features, I quickly found myself tapped out again. I just don't feel like doing anything else in this game. I built an awesome house on an island, have a healthy stock of food and water and otherwise have no need to stray. After you've completed the initial hurdles to your survival, continuing to do so becomes a piece of cake.It does seem like the developers are continuing to address various issues and make small tweaks and additions, but I haven't seen anything approaching what I outlinted in my initial post. Once again, I find myself hating the Steam recommendation options of ""yes"" or ""no"". I'd still recommend this game, but only for short-term playability. Don't buy this expecting that you'll be content to smoke meat for the rest of your days."
,Recommended,313120,24345129,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,x Jakobi x,this game would be great if it was a multiplayer!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,313120,18158374,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pabs,THIS GAME IS SUPER BORING. About 60% of the time u spend playing is swimming to another island and im sure this game would be great if they stop focusing on graphic updates and release new bloody content maybe this game would be good if it could have new tools and stuffAnd it takes the devs A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON OF TIME TO RELEASE A NEW UPDATEI DO NOT RECCOMEND FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:U probably wait an eternity trying to get to another island(approxmately 10 minutes)the glitches are real i can't tell you how many times i fell through the groundSharks tend to glitch your raft and make it magically disappearIT TAKES SO LONG TRYING TO COLLECT WOODi would give it a 3/10 ratingPLEASE DON'T WASTE 15$ ON THIS PIECE OF CRAP unless they fully release it then i would find it a bit more enjoyable for now its crap
76561198085650165,Recommended,313120,14170469,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Echo Whiskey,"The game is looking good concidering its not had its first update yet but there are some glitches that are really annoying such as your life raft will dissapear ramdomly and theres no way of getting it back which will ruin your day. The sharks will rarely attack you and they are the main threat in this game apart from hunger and thirst. But at this stage I would reccomend the game as there are updates to come in the near future and I can see this game going far. I would rate it at the moment around a 7/10 due to those glitches but other than that the game has good graphics and good underwater scenery.Edit: The boats no longer dissapear, but whats worse? You now get whales that go through your island moving all your loot :)"
,Not Recommended,313120,31910512,Posted: 22 May,all,Travler's Tales,"Again similar to review of 'The Forest' While I heavily enjoy this game, It's also grown rather tiring. The updates are not requent enough and the game still lags heavily. I also bought this game as early access, checked to see how it played, still the same at the orignal. This game came out two years ago and is STILL an early access game with nothing much changed. I have to say it's rather disapointing. While I understand that a large majority of developers are 'indie' and most likely update the game to fit their timetables it's simply unaceptable. They've had two years to create this game the fact that it's still in alpha shows lack of dedication to the game. If they released the game and updated it with 'bug and graphic' fixes it would be understandable. But the fact that I bought an alpha game that is STILL in alpha two years later speaks volumes. I do not enjoy this game as much as 'The Forest' and would not recomend it. The fact that most game developers are releasing alpha games and spending years to complete them is rather annoying. I would rather wait the two years and have a fully functioning game that 'works' than a broken game that updates every month to fix it, with essentially 'zero' new content. There's not point in show casing your game years before you think you can finish it. I understand that for some developers epesically those who kickstart games, it's difficult. Having said that, if your game has been in development for two years nad your STILL adding content, then you've milked it dry. It's not ejoyable anymore. The hype is over. It's a shame to the game industry to watch developers create interesting content only to let down players by taking years to finish them, if ever at all. It's a frustrating 'broken game' that bores me and makes me wish I never bought it."
,Not Recommended,313120,34843104,Posted: 9 September,all,DemDogg86,"Onlt took about a half hour before I was done with it. Item managment is crappy, needs work, can't pick up even new items without having to throw down what I ahve in my hand at the moment. Not a bad idea for a game, just poorly executed."
,Recommended,313120,14130365,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lord Gestrüpp!,"At the moment i think this game is quite good value, it's what looks to be a promising game in it's early stages and you would feel great knowing you're a part of making it even better than it is at the moment.I feel like stranded deep is the kind of game that keeps the old formula of games like minecraft and other survival games but improves on the elements (like graphics) that need to be upgraded date after a long time of rence and repeat.These are my first impressions of the game after just about an hour of figuring out the different mechanics and i will update the review later on."
76561198091558993,Not Recommended,313120,18205851,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Specter,"it never updates, THIS DEVELOPER SUCKS"
,Not Recommended,313120,29609607,Posted: 31 January,all,DoctorChocolate,"The developers have sacrificed beautiful visuals, fluid gameplay and immersive ambience and replaced them with a snazzy graphical user interface. No longer looks, plays or feels like it once did. Very dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,313120,18851723,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Minx,"The game has never really felt like it's been evolved since i got it, the updates come slow and small, not to mention the glitches. It fails to keep you intrested after a couple hours."
,Not Recommended,313120,16533389,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hiukuss,"At its current state, this game is very boring and bland.Pros:Pretty, and will have even better graphics in a later stageSeed-worldsWell done effectsCons:Generic intro scene (exactly the same as The Forest, but in the ocean)Resources can be difficult to attain (4 stones on one island, really?)Not everything is usable (You can cut this tree, but not that one!)Broken textures/models (Floating grass, floating trees)Travelling between islands takes foreverNo real goal, or anything to makeNothing to do after a few minutes of playing.Perhaps this game will be worth $5 after it is released, but for now, avoid it. It is not worth $15, and probably won't be for a very long time."
76561198020845407,Recommended,313120,21067580,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MateoM21,"This game is truly awesome. And I don't mean in the informal, overused form of the word. I mean, it really is awesome. It's still under development so it's glitchy as hell and a little rough, but even being so, the game looks nice. The scenery and graphics are really nice. But graphics is not the reason why you'll love this game.I will admit that the first 5 or 10 minutes (before I knew it was still under development) I was thinking, ""what the hell is this, what a waste of my money"". My opinion quickly changed as I played it and after a half hour I just couldn't stop. I installed it around 10 pm Saturday. Played it almost 20 hours straight and went to bed at 8 pm on Sunday. That doesn't speak wonders about my sanity, I know, but it does say something about the game. Its dynamics are incredibly catchy, and the story you start developing yourself in your own way quickly turns fascinating.As I said it's still under development and it's still in a very early stage, but it's tremendously promising. I really can't wait to see where it goes and what's coming.I would highly recommend purchasing it now, and see it evolve as it develops further."
76561198014835082,Recommended,313120,25049701,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Spectre_of_Aces,Great survival game with good graphics. Only thing left this game needs is more content. Once you have your hunger and thirst set and built everything you wanted theres not much else to do.
76561198066358263,Not Recommended,313120,34985456,Posted: 15 September,all,Wertologist,"The game used to be better and more stable, but now it's just a mess. I like adding new things to the game, but they really need to work on the bugs first. When there is a bug, you're stuck with it for months until they release a whole new patch that either ignores that bug or makes it worse. For example, a while back, there was a bug that made it so you could only cook one food item over a campfire. If you tried to put another one over it, it would just cook forever. The only way around this was saving and quitting then rejoining. Rather than fix this very problematic bug in the next update, they chose to ignore it until a later update. Fast forward a few versions and they made the water extremely choppy. Not like a normal choppy water. I mean that if you paddled, your camera would bounce all over and you couldn't see a damn thing. This made traversing shark infested waters damn near impossible. Then they include a map editor. While a really good concept that could enable players to make and share great islands, it instead is buggier than the game and causes extreme lag if you're near an island that has a bit too many objects on it. Not only that, but each update breaks older maps so any downloaded map would not work for different versions of the game which would render those maps completely useless. The least they could have done is put up a workshop page for islands, but instead you have to sift through dozens of discussion pages to find a map that ends up not working for your version.Each update they release, while interesting, just breaks the game more and more. For every problem they fix, they create 3 more. It's a shame because the game is a really good concept, but it's just so damn broken that it's virtually unplayable. Keep in mind I can run Skyrim on Ultra graphics with 200 mods with no lag, but then I get severe FPS drops in this game if I decide to move. Devs need to spend the next few updates fixing the game and improving performance instead of adding new things that will break the game."
76561198019826052,Recommended,313120,25474899,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hollow Slasher,"So after many updates I am rewriting my review its went from good to bad and now back to good. Yes, there are a few bugs here and there but great news is the actual game play is great. I recommend for people who liked the movie cast away and for those who enjoy thrilling island and ocean life. This game is beautiful and exciting!"
76561198058800006,Recommended,313120,14218736,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ace Skym,"Currently you can hold a dead shark in front of you, sprint, and fly into the sky.Flying ninja sharks.11/10 would fly again."
76561198056208094,Recommended,313120,29499614,Posted: 26 January,all,Offshore,"What a brilliant game so far.  Yes there are ups and downs on this game but if you sign up to an Early Access Game you are signing up to and accepting the issues that go with it.There have been issues and are still issues but these will be ironed out over time and new things added which may have issues but people seem to forget that this is EARLY ACCESS!!!!It dismays me to see so many negative reviews when it is Early Access as people don't seem to want to give it the time it deserves or the time Beam Team deserve to get it right.Great game, great updates, regular updates and by FAR my favourite survival game.Keep up the good work and already looking forward to the next update."
,Recommended,313120,23212099,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,KB I  Ideriom,"I really really like this game but over the past updates its been getting good and bad. First of all i can never get water but my food is always full. We need a map. The compass isnt good enough but i guess its ok. I feel like the graphics got worse since ive first played the game but the lighting, oh my god it is beautiful! The moon glare and the water and the waves are just amazing. Also there used to be more animations like drinking a coconut but now there is no animation. I love the new building system and rafts and everything really. I just dont like the minor bugs. Oh and this one really annoys me. I flipped my raft on the ground. I cant push it or anything. I drop my lighter. THE freaking lighter and i right click and i move it at the raft and my raft flips and goes flying across the island. Apparently my lighter is stronger than me. This game is filled with pros and cons but i think mostly pros. I would get this game when it gets on sale.WE NEED MULTIPLAYER :P"
,Recommended,313120,14249514,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pristine Sadness,"There are a lot of survival games on the market, but i think, that this game has some potencial. I played for a few hours and  i encountered some bugs, but no gamebreaking ones. The things that bother me: The first thing is the inro: It should be on a boat and not in a plane because many survival games start on one. Second thing is the distance between some islands: I cant really get to a new island because of the time it takes and the sharks who try to flip the raft. These are the only two things, that really bother me. I hope this review helped and I hope that the game gets better with every Update :D.Update: Now, after a loooong time since the last update, they implemented a map editor... and the performance dropped extremely... whatever BEAM is doing, i dont think its the right way to go."
,Recommended,313120,14516632,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tongy,"Sorry if my spelling isnt great or punctuation. Im just not very good at it.An amazing game, great graphics! I recomend high if you are on a desktop which has 4 ram or over. A great engine, if you have seen the film Cast Away this is a great game for you! As you would see £11 is quite alot for a game at this state, you cant do much in it, although they are updating this game frequantly. There will hopefully be an update every week or so. A few bugs and glitches, but some are kind of funny. In jacksepticeyes video's on this game he has a well known glitch, sharks swimming in land, I know this may seem like a serious glitch, its not, its just funny! I don't think the sharks can harm you when there swimming on land though, if they could, and they did, well, I wouldn't be so pleased. So far the creators of this game have done amazingly. I love he features this game has, im trying to make a base, so far I have only done the foundation, its hard to find all the materials, but its worth it. I strugle trying to put a bed in a place where I want it, I pick up the bed using right-click and when i try to move it, it goes all over the place, it goes upside down, i think they should make it easyier to move, i am really pleased with this game so far. I would recomend looking up videos on youtube about this to see if your sure that you want to get this game. If this revieiw helps you can you please rate it helpfull, thanks. I hope you enjoy the game as much as I do.If you want to see how to build a base watch this video which i found on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Til-4z4oSYc"
,Not Recommended,313120,15460521,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Zwabber,"The game looks gorgeous, however there's not really much to do after you explore some wrecks. If you find a few good wrecks you can find everything that you need in the game in less then an hour. Also there are quite a few bugs in this game.It's a promising game, but it lacks much content as is."
76561198194122342,Not Recommended,313120,18206876,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Centauri,"Would be a great game IF the islands were bigger, you barely have enough resources to build a tiny hut on a single island, the worst part is not only are the islands very small, they're like 2 miles apart. So when you do go to other islands you are rowing there for 15+ minutes while starving and dying in the process of getting there, and once you do FINALLY get there you dont have enough health to make the trip back."
76561198052194793,Not Recommended,313120,20507292,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Brassmatic™,"Can't reccomend this game in it's current state, they just scrapped a load of work in favour for a new graphics engine, it feels lighter than first relase which is almost a year ago now. It looks worse now IMO, and plays horribly compared to the version before. I see this game being forever stuck in early access.Wait to buy this if/when they can finish it."
,Not Recommended,313120,22102261,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,KKommo,"I thought it was a good game.Until the update (I think it was the beam team update not sure though ) happened.  At first you think an update that means the game is improved and new stuff will be added.  Wrong about the improved part.  I don't know about the new stuff part because I can't even play it.  I can get to the launch page but when I click start game it just says loading.  So I thought ok it might take a bit becuase of the update.  I let it sit for 2 hours still said the same thing. Loading...I am not saying before the update it was perfect but I was better.  Sure the graphics were glitchy at times but it was better than not playing it.  And sure the game had other things wrong too.  Like a random boulder just appearing 3 days of being on the island.  It appeared in the middle of my house where my food and my flare gun were.  And then you had the shark becoming a land shark going though the island still killing you, and you not knowing where to swing your weapon.I was content with all of this because it was an early access game thinking it will get better.  But I was wrong that update sucked for me.  15 dollars down the drain.  Before the update I was telling my friends how fun it was and how the graphics were pretty good to me. (At the beginning I was just looking at every little detail becuase it was there.)  Now I am telling them how boring your loading page is and how the game was good.I would have recommended this game before the update but now I say it is not what it could be.  This game has a lot of potential.I will change my reveiw if the game starts to improve."
76561198027280777,Not Recommended,313120,18619673,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,puddlesmith,"Stranded ""shallow"" is a better title, not a whole lot to do currently"
,Recommended,313120,25037054,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mizamu,very good game if only it had multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,313120,17688248,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,johntheissen32,4.3/10+castaway simulator+graphics-extremley boring after awhile-unoriginal-glitches
76561198168900951,Recommended,313120,17080412,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cade,they should add muiltplayer
76561198132669137,Not Recommended,313120,17696590,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,kawaiifoxx,"Was sort of boring, there wasn't much to find or do just didn't find it worth the price and wish I hadn't spent almost 20$ on it."
,Recommended,313120,17071913,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,piemanabc,"Stranded deep is a superb game with alot of potential there are afew problems though. Like the island are qutie small, and only if the rocks on the islands respawned because every time you use all the rocks up you have to move to a diffrent island. These are some major problems But on the poitve the gameplay and idea is amazing definitly recommended!"
,Recommended,313120,30743150,Posted: 25 March,all,Sparksis,I love this game. I have played it for 194 hours and Think I have seen most of what this game has to offer. I can still log in and play it for as long as I want and have fun.
,Recommended,313120,14171309,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RevzZ,"You can use a tree as a transport device (for now) by standing on it, lifting it and walking foward... i like this game"
76561198070311050,Recommended,313120,30324212,Posted: 4 March,all,awesomegecko1,"I don't usually write reviews, but I feel like this one needs it.When you first boot up the game, everything is great. The survival is fun, the graphics are pretty good, and it is just an all around fun game. It is also worth a mention that the physics are great. Just being able to drag a tree or paddle a raft dynamically is great. The crafting is also intuitive and nice. It gets a bit grindy at times, but if you are into serious realistic survival games, without zombies or guns, this is for you.The problem lies in the little things, that eventually build up into huge glaring issues. The sad part about it is, they are usually things that were put there on purpose by the devs to add a “survival feel” to the game. The most obvious one that comes to mind is the one save slot. I know you want to make it so we have to see how long we can survive on an island, but really? Thankfully this is easily bypassed by manually backing up the save game, but we should be able to have multiple games going at once without having to do actual work to save our games. There is also no “creative” mode, in case you get bored of the survival aspect and just want to build a house or go fishing. There is an option to change your game to “survival” or “builder” modes, but when you click on these, they do nothing. I found a thread on steam support asking what these buttons did, in November. Meaning that there has been close to five months since the buttons were implemented, and they still do nothing. Another issue is the building. Before I got the game, when you wanted to build a house, you would place down a foundation block, then walls and a roof on top of that. Now you need a separate foundation block, then a floor block on top of the foundation block. This means that building houses requires a lot more wood, which means more grinding trees for 10 minutes until they fall down. Beyond this, for me, it just doesn’t work. Whenever I try to place floors on top of foundations, they glitch out and disappear. So I can’t build anything.The game technically has a “create an island” feature. Which sounds pretty good, right? Except it is completely broken. For one thing, you are limited to a tiny size for your island. To give them the benefit of the doubt, all islands are tiny in the game, and they are working on getting bigger islands. Also, you lag out when you approach a regular island, much less a huge one. The next problem is that you have to place each asset individually, including trees. I can understand placing assets like ships and barrels down individually, but having to place down each individual tree and then rotating it takes hours. Maybe i’m just used to the Cities Skylines map creator, which is absolutely great. In the Cities Skylines creator, you choose the type of tree and then spread it over the landscape with a brush. If stranded deep had that option, as well as the individual placement option, the map creator would be a lot more useable. Don’t even get me started on the camera for the map creator, there are too many problems with it to list here, such as having to hold down right click to pan up or down, and then it still taking a minute to get to a top down view because it is so unresponsive. basically, what were the devs smoking when they designed it? Once you have done all that, you can use the “cartographer” mode to place it. You could also download a map off the internet because the game doesn’t have steam workshop support. Half the time the maps are outdated (not the devs fault). The cartographer mode is also a stupid idea to try and make the game feel more ”survivally”. Basically, you can place down your custom island in little squares on a map, then you have to actually travel to the island. This could be bypassed by just spawning at the island, but again, you only have one save slot.In the end, i’m still going to recommend the game, despite it’s shortcomings, because it is still in early access. It has a lot of potential moving forward, if the devs fix the issues the game has currently. It is worth a mention that when i mention “devs”, I mean two people. It is absolutely amazing that two people could make a quality of a game as good as this."
,Recommended,313120,14202608,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Beard Right Back,"TL;DR - Great game but very early stage so not much content. May want to wait!Great little survival game. VERY early stages though so not  much content as of yet. What is in there is great. It's my first survival type open world game I've played and so far, I'm hooked.As it is Early Access there are 1 or 2 annoying things which make it extremely irritating. There is no way of climbing out of a boat nearly filled with water. A small thing but certainly something to be fixed hopefully soon! Another way of creating fire other than lighters would be brilliant. I have found a flare before but I'm assuming it was only a temporary source of light rather than heat.  Also you do sometimes get sharks clipping through some islands which is always a fun surprise when you're running around the shore at night picking up crafting materials."
,Not Recommended,313120,14281127,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ReconSixth,Beam Team Games should really add in multiplayer mode and more features in Stranded Deep or things will look boring.
,Recommended,313120,14417666,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,berd,"1st game- I attacked a shark with my pocket knife- I didnt hit him- He hit me- I didnt make it2nd game- Swam around underwater- Enter Shark- I quitted3rd game- Start game- Shark keeps flipping raft- I get mad, attack the shark- Almost won4th game- Finally made it to an island- Brief tutorial info didnt stick, how do you make rope/lashing- Look on Wiki- What is a rock shard?- Back to wiki- Makes Spear- Goes back out to find shark- Finds different shark- Same result- No regrets"
,Recommended,313120,18560289,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Wolf,"Stranded Deep is a procedurally generated island survival game, built on the Unity 5 engine. The game offers no more than what it would take to survive if you were to crash land into the Pacific Ocean, including gathering food, making a base, or exploring lost ships. With beautiful and stunning visuals as an added bonus, this early access title brings enough to the table.CategoryScoreGameplay60 - This game offers a deep and innovative experience to surviving with nothing but basic necessities, although lacks content due to it being an early access title. There is still many more features that could be brought in the future builds.Replay60 - Again with not much to do at this current time, you'll see yourself out of things to do within the first few hours.Graphics90 - With the introduction of the Ceto water system and new terrain in the experiemental build 0.05.E1, the graphics have made a huge turn to the best.Overall70Don't get me wrong, this game is great by all means. If you're someone who likes watching a game develop, and can handle not having updates for at most a month at a time, this games for you."
,Recommended,313120,14223335,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,pyramids,A breath of fresh air in survival game genre. Think Castaway: The Game.Stranded Deep has a lot of promise especially coming from such a small dev team. Its as much relaxing as it is beautiful and has hours and hours of fun to be had even tho there isnt much to do in the games current state. The world is procedural generated so every play through will be different and you could get in your raft and paddle forever and the game will keep generating new biomes and islands as you go.I highly recommend this game if you have a big imagination and like survival games. Simple minded people should stay away from the game until it is further developed because you will just complain that there is nothing to do when in reality theres A LOT to do.
,Recommended,313120,14462023,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Audacter,I'm practically the Steve Irwin of the Shark world. 10/10
,Recommended,313120,17635213,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,more lost than my life.
76561198054120003,Recommended,313120,14436357,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,CaptainShanghai,"a truly AWESOME survival game. Really really atmospheric.. you really get to experience what it is to be shipwrecked on a tropical island. There is no help and no liniar gameplay ...you forget your water you die,you get stung by sea urchin you die slowlyyou forget your knife and you cant open the coconuts .. and you die..get bit by a shark - wound get infected and dieit is really REALLY realistic except its possible to kill a tigershark with a cutting toolThis game can really be recommended for someone who wants a realistic survival game with no fancy interactive maps, diary or HUD.There is no games out there like this one.Well worth the 15 Euros! even if its in alpha!It has a few glitches where whales can emerge up throug an island but that is peanuts in the big picture.Top points for Stranded Deep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,313120,18929690,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,my dads are voting no,Good fun. Can get repetative like most survival games though. If multiplayer/co-op is released further down the line then this game is worth the money.
76561198003423423,Recommended,313120,23092515,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,The Lone Wanderer,"This game is for all those people who enjoyed the movie ""Castaway"" starring Tom Hanks and thought that it would be awesome to try to survive on an island too."
,Recommended,313120,14153679,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Miss_Emma_Jay,"This game is literally amazing! It's very realistic with no bugs which I haven't found and I've been playing the game for 2 hours, the graphics are amazing and everything just runs so well for a game that's just been recently released. I totally recommend this game and I am very impressed with it!"
,Recommended,313120,14836169,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ace,Sure there is sharks..Sure there is urchins that can poison you..Sure dehydration and starvation is a constant issue..But the real killer is trying to climb down a palm tree without shattering your arm.It's good.
,Recommended,313120,14146689,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Taz,"Its a good game, with randomly generated island(s), but only lasts a hour or so until you run out of supplies. (explained below).---------------My Story:---------------Day 1: I woke up in a life raft and paddled to the nearest island. I searched everywhere and put all of my gathered stuff in one big pile. I made some tools a foundation and a camp fire to cook my crabsDay 2: I chopped all my trees down and can expand my home, survival look bleak, I then find a boat on the cost and find a machette! I gathered all of the resources onb the island and built my home (with a missing wall) and a bed. Night fell and my coconut collection was taking up and 3rd of the island and crabs where everywhere.Day 3: I rose after a night of cooking crabs and eating potatos and decided to paddle to the next nearest island. I packed all I could with room to spare for my quick trip. I set 'sail'.Half way there I realised all the distant islands looked the same. But I though it was because it was alpha. Then my life raft teleported away and diapeared from sight.... I dove into the ocean too see if it sunk. but there was a ship wreak, I swam towards it and a tiger shark swam infront of me and I crapped my-self. I swam to the surface and realised this was my fate.*quits*---------------Overall the game is stunning and has potential. The crafting is really good and easy, which works well with the environment. As you can't plant more trees or 'sail' t another island the game only is short lived.Current - 7/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,17684813,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,jord,"This game is the worst. When it comes to Early Access, everyone rips on DayZ for their progression.. but that's just because DayZ is actually reasonably popular. This game is horrible, and I feel like folks should be aware that they're purchasing an incomplete and redundant game."
76561198097528994,Not Recommended,313120,17804890,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Irish,"I played this game enough to get a feel for the mechanics. It's nothing ground breaking, it's nothing we haven't seen before. Sorry to say I just think it's gonna get lost in the sea of the other hundred survival type games."
76561198090456371,Recommended,313120,16538859,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jpg.png,The only game to give me PTSD. 10/10 for making me care about that damn volleyball all over again!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xTC2qpCF38&list=PL34j4uBdSB9ZWYmTcO_HN64gt-j08amNf&index=8
,Recommended,313120,14173345,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[OLD] Skryptr,"The atmosphere of this game is good. the inventory system is a bit strange but workable. I look forward to seeind this game expand. I can't quite figure out why i can't seem to get from one island to the other. The raft, rescure or wooden, both break or something about halfway there and I cant find it to get back on it. So i swim back. about half the time i get eaten by a shark.  I think the map has some strange tear in it? Anyway I would recommend this game for the direction it seems to be going.  If it states in the state it is in though, its not worth it."
76561198161823078,Not Recommended,313120,17961584,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,An_Average_Person,the same thing as forest but more water and less glitches
,Recommended,313120,14589486,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Scattish,"First of all. This game is still in Early Access, so my review is only for the Early Access.Stranded Deep is some other tittle for castaway/survival games. You are on the way to nowhere and your plane got crashed because something strange. Unless the other survival game that provide zombie, monster, or even wolf and ghost, this game is only have 1 trouble creature, Sharks. So what you have to do is simple, stay in some island and keep your distance for sea, quite easy right ?. Now you're hungry, thristy, and lonely, can you still stay in just one island ? and this is the point of the game.Some of bug happened :- When you save the game, and load it again, sometimes your screen will become black, or you glitched, you heard the sea sounds but your camera is stucked somewhere- Wooden boat/life raft is gone when shark attacked it, this is what i really dont like in the middle of the sea- Sometime the pedal doesnt work when clicked or while sharks attacking- When your backpak is full, and you trying to put something to the boat to carry it to home. Your boat or your item will goneWhat should be added (for dev) :- Should add mining axe, for an easy resource.- Make the little fish become  a thing that we can kill an eat- BOW and Arrows , i think its more fun if we have bow for kill the sharks.- Make the palm tree respawn- Something to distract the shark, maybe a decoy. ( well i dont know, it just on my mind)- BACKPACK, i dont like if i can only carry 8 things- Chicken, Birds or something else. and kill the birds with bow, that could be fun"
76561198119438192,Recommended,313120,17030622,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CORTEXX,look this is my first review of a game but i bought this game when it was first released now i dont know about you but these types of games i love and stranded deep was just what i was waiting for sure it is a tad low on content but i have burned over 30 hours into this game and i tell you its worth the experience and i say give the devs alot of support to push these updates out faster its a truly enjoyable game and when your in the water day or night and hear that dreadful shark sound i♥♥♥♥♥♥my self and panic for my boat definately worth the buy
,Recommended,313120,30173209,Posted: 25 February,all,Wy,"This game was a fantastic first game to play for my PC. I bought this almost 2 years ago, and still play it quite often (not for lengthy periods of time, which explains my only 22 hours in the game.)It's quite beautiful, the graphics are absolutely stunning. It runs fantastically on a good PC on maximum settings. No stutters, no glitchy graphics, it's great.However, bugs are a huge issue, and also other things.Things will fly, things will go through the land, sharks will sometimes never die, sharks can go through the land sometimes, it's definitely not a finished project.On the bright side, they update it often! :D So you get lots of new stuff every time it updates, and it's super fun:)*PROS AND CONS*PROS:-Looks amazing-Runs well-Fun time while you play-Great survival game.CONS:-Buggy as hell.-Glitches every time you play.-Kinda irritating that you have to sit through the into every time you make a new game.All in all, the game is amazing, with a few bugs and glitches on the side. Well worth the price, if you catch in on sale, even better.Rating - 7.75/10"
76561198122114508,Not Recommended,313120,29058611,Posted: 6 January,all,Singthegrief,"So this will be short. I have had this game since it was first relesed and i have to say every change they do is worse then the one before. The idea is good just implemented poorly. The new crafting system is bad, and each time they change this system it get worse and worse. I like the idea of a castaway style game, in fact i LOVE the idea a lot! but these small islands are not fun and there isnt mch to do on them. it makes more since to have a large island and maybe some smaller surrounding islands not 1600 small as h#!! islands. just my  thoughts"
,Recommended,313120,26371110,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gus,"Nice game. Really challenging at times.The main goal is to manage your resources wisely to survive. In order to do this you need to explore the different islands and shipwrecks.You can build your home, craft tools, collect rainwater, hunt and fish... (avoid the sharks!).It can get repetitive at times but this game has a lot of potential, specially if the devs continue adding more features."
76561198090285505,Recommended,313120,16613175,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ass Goblin╭∩╮（︶︿︶,":( was climbing up a palm tree to get some coconuts to fill my appetite and to quench my thirst, all of a sudden i lost my footing on that damn palm tree and fell to the ground. i started to brush myself off, felling no pain i kept maintaining my island. a short while later i had been greeted by some text in my screen saying ""i feel strange"" after realizing that somthing may have gone wrong i quickley looked at my watch to check to see if i was hurt or not. At that moment i had realized that when i had fell from that tree to get my breakfast i had severely snaped a bone in my arm and was losing blood. At that point i started to panic!! and ran into the water to see if i could just wash the blood off, not realizing how many tiger sharks i had attracted i rushed out of the water as soon as i could, then at that moment i was greeted by a lionfish and was stabbed in the same arm that was already bleeding and broken! i rage quit from my game thinking that was one hell of a survival experience, i then restarted a whole new save just to start off from scratch and have nothing but my bright yellow raft once again---- would rate 10/10 best game ever!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,313120,19186151,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jimmy Neutron lookin ass,"if it was maybe 5$ then sure but for the cost this is a very small and incomplete feeling game, after about an hour your bored and out of things to do."
76561198045910950,Recommended,313120,19723709,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,thpa,"Stranded deep is quite intriguing. The graphics are nice and smooth. At the beginning of the game, the atmosphere feels warm and sunny like a holiday in the Caribbean. Then there are the sharks, the poisoning and the starving. When your life stats monitor watch starts beeping and you see yourself running for a coconut like a mad monkey, then you wish you had saved your game recently. This is not the usual online ""only the fittest survive"" crafting game, as there is nobody to kill you. Only nature itself. Beyond that, there is not much to do yet. You are on your own. You gather, you craft, you sleep. The gameplay hence, still needs some work, but Stranded deep is still in early development. If you are a bit of a loner or you just want to spend some primeval, or shall I say""back to the roots"" quality time, then this is the game to play. On a final note, imagine this game to be VR compatible, with all its atmosphere, the lonelyness, the peace and the forces of nature in a completely submersive experience. I can't wait to see what is still coming..."
76561198204867215,Recommended,313120,17071021,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,charlesraso79,"i just recently switched from console gaming to PC gaming and this was the first game that i downloaded and i must say that this game is amazing the graphics are great its not too easy and its addicting, i recomend this game to anyone who enjoys open world survivals"
,Recommended,313120,18307262,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,straight up busta,"This game gets sometimes boring,sometimes fun,but this game is 90% fun!!I explore islands,trying to find Wilson,trying to find that Sea Base,trying to do so much stuff!That makes this game fun :)And here are some stuff they need to add to game:-Co-OpThis game would be such a better game if you play it with friends,it would be interesting,MORE funner,and sometimes even funny :)-More animalsAdd more animals,like land animals,monkeys,snakes,turtles,birds...-More weaponsAdd MAYBE some guns,maybe handgun,AK...and you really need to add Crossbows,bows...-CavesGame will need bigger islands for caves,and in caves should be bats,ropes,cloth...Thats it! I DO recommend this game for people who play The Forest,and other survival games :)"
76561197965330667,Not Recommended,313120,34946507,Posted: 14 September,all,-manic-,"Got this when it first came out, haven't played it in 2 and a half years, tried it again and you still can't change mouse speed."
,Recommended,313120,14651198,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ph!l,True threat survival... no zombies... thank you... thank you... thank you.Well worth it's value at early access.Quite keen to see what the bigger picture of the story will be as the game develops as this side is lacking at the moment.Stable on 8.1 with DX11.Developer listens to the community.8/10Update: 8/11/2015 - still no major update to gameplay/plot/multiplayer/co-op... just fixes and a few tweaks.  Was still a positive experience... just unfinished :)
76561198092444288,Recommended,313120,29171782,Posted: 10 January,all,jabbywocks,"Honestly, it's a bit disappointing. I watched some videos on youtube about this game, which made me hype to play it. I suppose it's my fault for not reading through all the updates but, basically, lots of items and mechanics are gone from the game. It makes the game a bit more ""bare bones"" than it was, even two years ago.It's still slightly fun and interesting. I suppose I'll return to play it again once more things have been added. It's not a bad game, just still very undeveloped."
,Not Recommended,313120,19348960,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WalterREBoRN,"Stranded Deep is a game where you play as a survivor in the middle of the sea and you must survive against mother nature herself by going from island to island and forage for supplies and avoiding sharks.That's pretty much it, unforunately. this game had so much potential to be oen of the most thrilling games of 2015, however the developers have barely updated the game since. Playing this game now is the same as playing it when it came out a few months ago. If it's ever finisiehd it will be a good game, but for now it's yet another throwaway early access title."
76561198034478545,Not Recommended,313120,17835779,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,nWidja,It's kinda of a broken game but still holding by the thread. I couldn't recommend it at this state but maybe after some time.
76561198164464047,Recommended,313120,23869799,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mrpresident5599,"I say if your looking for a survival/crafting game, then stranded deep is a good way to go. It's perfect for throwing yourself into the game without knowing anything. At times, i do admit, it can be a bit boring. But to fix that problem just do something you wouldn't normally do like fight a shark or explore further islands. Also that problem fixes itself with new updates. With every update there is usually new content which makes the game increasingly better. So i do recommend this game."
,Recommended,313120,20046307,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sh1zuk4,"Be aware that the game is early access. It is still in development, there are bugs and lags, it is constantly changing - sometimes for better, sometimes for worse.DifficultyStarvation and thirst areusuallynot a problem.The difficulty otherwise varies. At the moment the sharks are not easily killed and with the new wave system, just paddling from one island to the other can be a pain and make you kind of sea sick (luckily they are close). Previously the ocean was still but the distances long. The sharks have been anything from super aggressive at one point to not all that tough at another.Recommended ifYou think you might enjoy being strandedalonein an endless ocean of islandsYou like building simple housesYou are content talking just to yourself""What are you talking about? I don't talk to myself! I talk to my friends: Bob the shark, Jimmy the crab and Wollie! Tsk.""You can set your own goals and don't need constant action to have fun"
76561198126533434,Recommended,313120,18851886,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Prince Malchezaar,No updates for more than two months. Devs? Are you there?
,Recommended,313120,23426059,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,evident_na,Can you add Controller support for the game? It'd be awesome to be able to play using my xbox/pc controller :D
76561198148422617,Not Recommended,313120,18281963,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,profvonzz,I found it fun but after you beat the game there is nothing to do except cut down a ridiculous number of trees. All in all it's kind of a money waster but still fun.
76561198198731637,Recommended,313120,25648010,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,♥ Wolfie ♥,8/10 BEAUTIFUL GAME!!But cant really run on a non-gaming computer (a.k.a a potato computer)not really much to it yet (cause its early accses)personally I would wait until the game is fully relised (If ur not sure about paying the money!)and if you like playing with a buddy I would also recommend waiting till its full release verson (Cause they 'might' add multiplayer)AND IF YOU DONT LIKE SHARKS DONT PLAY THIS GAME!!! ;)I would recommend this game if you like a PG verson of The Forest!Overall a great game for the light hearted adventure gamers out there and in my opinon kinda worth the money!!
76561197970764953,Not Recommended,313120,30823592,Posted: 29 March,all,KiwiWarlord,Seemed fun when I first got it but the content is very limited........ you get bored after only a dozen or so hours of play.............. and 2 years later its still the same and still early release. Don't waste your money...
,Not Recommended,313120,20731880,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cap'nCook,please change it back to how it was originally released it was good back then.
,Recommended,313120,22844911,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Yeol,"Why is this one of the best open world survival games?You against nature without any additional violence, and yet this game is challenging, engaging and addictive. The game plays at a very slow pace, but with intense atmosphere of keeping yourself together to stay alive: water, fire, wood... soon you'll have to find ways to economize and to take risks to keep the water processor going. Resources are scars (except for food), challenges are constant... Great game with a minimalistic approach.While I'm at it, I like to summarize some points that, to my opponion need some attention:- Yuka grow too fast, Ficus could maybe regrow slowly after many days- Many clipping issues, but non game breaking (as to now)- Building a house need more advantages (ex. shelter, storage, ...)- Naming discovered islands would be cool- Hunger is too easy to satisfy- Herbs for curing?- New driftwood and other junk after a storm (to keep exploring same islands interesting)?- No roofs on houses?- Nice would be some mysteries to solve (skeleton wit note, bottle with map, abandonned cabin,...)- Fruit could satisfy thirst slightly- Impossible to recuperate items from build constructions??? (ex. bucket)- Streamline the construction interface! (now it's click heavy)- Scenery and items are plopping into image too late when nearing an island (rocks, trees,...)- Sickness and injuries should restrict some actions (now it does not matter if one is ill or not)- A peronal story to keep the player going forward, pushin the limits,...-...But I'm having a feast with this game. I hope that the developers will continue patching and expanding the game, because this game deserves to be a huge success.Thank you!"
76561198089862726,Not Recommended,313120,19835351,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,lspyker,"Currently, I cannot recommend this game. I was very excited to purchase it and play it due to the overwhelmingly positive reviews, but it seems that the newest update has ruined the game. I can't figure out how to play through the initial plane crash/tutorial part, can't chop down palm trees, etc. The building/crafting system has apparently changed, and I believe the old system is what made the game so unique. I hope these issues are fixed so I can enjoy the game as much as others have in the past."
76561198092641716,Recommended,313120,14142335,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Typhon,"I have a little over 4 hours in and I am really enjoying it so far. I have ran into some bugs that make the sharks swim through land and your raft can randomly disappear but if you save often it isn't too bad considering it is alpha. The crafting system is pretty cool, though I am a little frustrated that I can't keep fires lit like in The Forest.The farthest I have made it is 4 days and after the 3rd day I noticed other types of sharks and various sea life started appearing that didn't in the beginning. I really like how you have to pay attention to where you are taking your raft, because it is very VERY easy to get turned around and subsequently lost when you are out exploring. I find it easier to set out at either sunrise or sunset. Otherwise, you are going to have to put some effort and ingenuity into finding what direction you are heading. I usually hold my watch directly under the sun or moon and you can figure it out pretty well. This game was a dream game for me, as I played a LOT of Treasures of the Deep on playstation and I always wanted a game where I had to fight off sharks and survive in the ocean.It is definitely not without bugs and flaws and people who don't like buggy Early Access probably won't be swayed by this, though in 4 hours of gameplay I have had zero CTDs. It obviously shares similarities with the Forest, but this game is very Jaws whereas The Forest is the Descent. It's basically going to come down to your taste in location. I personally love both games for similar reasons, and for what makes them different from one another. I am excited to see where this game can go.PS: The addition of multiplayer later in development is a good idea. Thinking of ramming other peoples rafts and letting them get attacked by sharks makes me laugh. Make it happen."
76561198212192369,Recommended,313120,34622789,Posted: 30 August,all,Jraff,the older version was way more fun but I am pretty sure you can downgrade the version so I would suggest that you do that6/10
,Not Recommended,313120,33245765,Posted: 4 July,all,Bunghole is my city,"Used to be a good game but now it is unplayable. Your character needs water evry two seconds. He is too cold at night and gets sunburnt in the day. He can't stay underwater long enough to collect any materials. He litterally only lasts like 6 seconds. I'm asking for a refund. It used to be a good game, but now it is terrible."
,Recommended,313120,29339096,Posted: 18 January,all,Trillium B unit,"This game was buggy, and ran awkwardly when it was first released. No more! This early access game single handed changed my opinion on early access games, the graphics are amazing, the game runs smooth as butter (90-100 for for me!), the crafting system is close to perfect, and everything just feels amazing. Not to mention the island creation section brings me back to the days of the crysis map editor! If you dream it you can build it. As someone who is afraid of open water and the idea of what could happen out in the ocean this game has given me many anxious moments and I love it. Keep up the amazing work!"
76561198154639651,Not Recommended,313120,17825694,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,LadyAmuSe,"Dont buy. Gets extremely boring after one hour, trailor makes it look decent, but in that trailor thats all there is too it. You go from small little islands with the same trees and plans and a cheast with some stupid Sh&% in it, craft it. Then what. Nothing. You have a spear to stab crabs with. Have fun.Dont waste your money. Developers lied about updating, dont give them any more money than theyve already received."
,Recommended,313120,31084409,Posted: 11 April,all,Galaxio レム,"This game has amazing graphics, cool gameplay. He need to be a bit harder. Its pretty easy to just navigate to another island and survive, shark isnt a real problem.A multiplayer would be cool.If weather had effect on our character it would be amazing, like if its raining and we don't have a shelter we can get sick.I really enjoyed it.It was worth my money."
76561198086015842,Not Recommended,313120,17547786,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,DUKE NUKEM,"Nothing to do at this moment, gets boring very very fast. Avoid this game in it's current state."
,Recommended,313120,14272214,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,4Poc | razazeal,I made a fire.I vommited from eating crabs.My knife died.I swam with a tiger shark.11/10
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,313120,21362052,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,pinkGrendel,"It's a mess! The devs had a great concept, but it is just gets worse and worse the more that they ""develop"" it; basically they just keep adding new ""cool"" stuff that is causing the whole game to break really badly... TBH I am sort of expecting them to shortly annouce a MP deathmatch mode- which is crazy considering the name reference/origin."
76561197965418245,Not Recommended,313120,17663331,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,HollenHund,"Game has a pretty much died in terms of updates, at this point it appears to be another failed early access."
76561198052265365,Recommended,313120,14411391,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sparzy,"This game is Awesome!The atmosphere and feel of the game is great. You can make a ton of tools from items on the islands including huts, go spear fishing, explore wrecks on land or underwater.It makes your heart race when you see the first shark and when it comes towards you its OMG OMG!One recent feature i like is the ocean, you can turn up/down how aggressive the waves are. It is now possible to get seasick while paddling your raft.Yes there are bugs but this is EARLY ACCESS and is already better than most polished games. Check out the forums or my profile screenshots for more pics.""Infinite Procedurally-generated World"" means every time you start a new game its different and the islands never run out.How long will you survive?"
,Recommended,313120,29569312,Posted: 29 January,all,^♥^ 💀 Miss Kat 💀 ^♥^,"Now this game is fun, BUT the whole pressing TAB to drop this to pick this up and then drop this for this ...... just sooooo annoying, Would be so easy to be able to place things in like 1 2 3 4 5 6 ......that kind of thing .... i do give props to the Ocean though .... Beautiful <3"
,Recommended,313120,21843400,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Emperor Mudkipz,"Spawned in not knowing I had to hold own LMB I fell of my raft next to a shark and I panicked and started to sink I thought space would bring me to the surface but only w works I eventually got back up and got to an island after a while i made a spear and got cocky and went to kill a Tiger Shark, that failed and I was killed.12/10 would fail again"
,Recommended,313120,21524115,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"Day 1.Dramatic music starts...Oh oh.... Franticly look for sharkSpot the sharkPanicTry to reason with it...Please don't eat me...Start shouting PLEASE DON'T EAT ME.Continue to scream.. HELP... NOOODoesn't work.RIPTears start rolling from my eyesRealize i'm in starbucks and not at home.People look at me, half bewildered, half scared, as if I'm a crazy idiot.Asked to leave starbucks and never come back.Worth it. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14175751,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Radiak,">full health, hunger and thirst>ran out of rocks>got raft>went to new island>10/10 more rocks>swam underwater>ran into poisonous sea urchin>panic>go back to shore>climb a palm tree>fall from palm tree>break legs>crawl back to raft>sail back home>land on home beach>walk ten feet>die10/10: ♥♥♥♥ rocks! They made me die."
76561198201745193,Recommended,313120,32282733,Posted: 8 June,all,Omg they killed Lenny...,"Fun Game,  graphics are amazing I'd rate this game 9/10 because this game is great only thing I want is Co op, other than that keep up the good work Beam Team :D"
76561198128085739,Recommended,313120,23497038,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Squidasaurus Rex,"Honestly, Beam Team Games can do a lot with this game. From multiplayer, co-op, so you don't die every five freaking seconds. They need to do some regular updates on the game so it isn't so broken. But as a faithful fan of this game, I'm gonna recommend it. The picture with the rain is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you play the game for like two hours no ♥♥♥♥ing rain.I'd suggest waiting until the game is completely done and isn't in Early Access anymore."
76561198102309718,Recommended,313120,14155666,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JHGoon,The Potential of this game is amazing
,Recommended,313120,14689684,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Azazel,After drying out saying that I was stranded deep in DjFrosty's Ocean (P*ssy) I actually played the game.1. Made a cocktail.2. Drank the cocktail.3. Read the 'It's going to be a long flight' notification.4. As soon as I sat down the game was directed by Michael Bay.5. Swam away trying to look for the raft.6. Swam back and found it. (Wasted the day looking for the raft.)7. Finally got out of Michael's Emporium of explosions.8. Found a billion crabs.9. Raft sank.10. Swam.11. Sharks.12. Didn't even survive a day!Mint.10/3 would swim again.
,Recommended,313120,14128560,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PetPetPet,"Its very stable, runs at 60 fps without any issues. Crafting is a bit different compared to other games and the interface doesn't really tell you anything. You have to refer to the wiki and guides if you wanna figure out how things work. Islands are very weak with supplies and survival is quite hardcore.Decent release I would say, much better than other indie survival titles. There are bugs and weird things happening especially with sharks but overall I see a bright future for this game."
76561198140631080,Recommended,313120,14188795,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,✯ Lucky ✯,"Beatiful graphics,many way how to survive.U can sail to another island.Shark hunting.Exploring boats wracks,changing weather.CRAFTINGI absolutely recomend this game - its awesome!"
76561198042974486,Recommended,313120,14131133,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PeckishPepper,"This game is absolutely amazing! To say this is in Version 0.01 this game is really really good.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone for the £11 that it costs, this game is awesome!Pro's- This game looks beautiful- Runs really well- This game has 3 screen support! :D- Worth the money- Has a future to last because of its potentialCon's- Can be a bit buggy (but thats expected)- Noticed screen tearing (On 3 monitors)- They take there time updating this game.My overall verdict of this game: I would recommend this game to anyone, it looks beautiful and runs pretty well for its first release. This game has potential for the future and I have finally found a game that has taken a risk and changed it up and not the same old surivival game like The Forest. In my opinion I feel this game has potential and I can assure you I will be spending many more hours on this game!"
,Recommended,313120,14129634,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PonyPowah,"- Very beautiful game both on land and under water!- Nice looking sharks, seems like the tiger sharks are quite curious, the great whites are rude!- Feels like the world is huge, lots of different islands to go to.- Lots of items to pick up and combine, would like to see more things though, more variety.- Nice crafting.- Good day/night cycle.- Found some minor bugs, like palm trees flying in the air but no major bugs it seems.- Definatly worth the money, it is interesting the way it is and has great potential.To share with you:- Killed a crab, ate it, made me a bit sick.- Tried feeding a potato to a shark so the shark would leave me alone, didn't work.- Made a campfire.- Tried to kill a shark with my knife, the knife broke, stupid shark.- Came across a great white shark, he bumped my raft so I almost fell out, very rude!- Ran my raft onto the shore, couldn't get it off the shore so I had to swim to the next island.- Came across a tiger shark while swimming, he was nice, didn't attack me but he stalked me.- Died during the night because I forgot to make a campfire to keep warm while I was afk cooking.It doesn't really feel like this game is in alpha, quite a lot added already so I'm excited to see what the future brings.Definatly worth checking out!"
76561198115692869,Recommended,313120,14311980,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dr_octopuss,Very smooth gameplay even on my laptop I get hardly any lag apart from the occasional lag spike!
,Recommended,313120,14152513,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Wmply,"It's all really good fun crafting, building stuff and surviving on your island.. and then you will inevitably have the urge to swim with sharks..... don't think it won't happen to you, because it will. You will get curious and the sharks will win... :DInfinitely replayable due to the gorgeous rendering of the endless procedural maps. The small islands make you think about your resources, although I do hope there are a few slightly larger islands available in a future update.Surviving is hard, but beautiful."
,Recommended,313120,25490756,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,MAX,great but needs a lot of work on it
76561198183603847,Not Recommended,313120,22197048,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheKraKeNCometh,"This game was awesome but after a series of updates it has gotten worse and worse everytime.I really enjoyed it but now i don't want to play it anymore.I hope something changes and quickly before it is too late.I will come back after the full release to check if something changed .For now,Stranded Deep is a broken game."
,Not Recommended,313120,17560522,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Johnny Lasagna,"It was fun for about a day, but once everything is built there's not really a point. For now, hold off for more content."
,Not Recommended,313120,17568082,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,LazyJack,"Sucks....There is nothing to do, and once you have done everything (the very little) amount of stuff you can do thats it, no ending nothing. Oh and your main enemy? Sharks. Just stay out of the water and ggwp"
76561198158085832,Not Recommended,313120,17595881,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,xiphiasgladiator,"This game could have been something -- incredible graphics, great concept, and tight gameplay. The devs of this game are only looking for a couple of bucks, though. The updates are nothing and it seems they don't care to give anything else besides graphics and easter eggs. This game is fun for an hour, but no more than that. Monotonous, scolded, and left to sink into the depths. ""This game is a bunch of poopy♥♥♥♥♥dicks"". And a can of beans...really? Everyone knows that cool sailors eat hardtack and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (which there is also none of). 4/10"
76561198028123627,Recommended,313120,14220711,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,PraetorianMCMXCII,open ocean + at night + great white attack = most scared I've ever been in a videogame!VERY good survival gameP.S. coconuts and ducttape should NOT sink a life raft designed to fit 4-8 adult human beingsalso recieved package.9/10 would use DeadEx again
,Recommended,313120,17156877,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,TheFiveAM,A true test of survival in an early access game that will keep you focused & alert at all times. Stranded Deep has a bright future with support from the great and responsive community. You will get drawn in by collecting resources and getting away or fighting sharks. This game gives you a sense of accomplishment. 7/10
,Not Recommended,313120,17484134,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,CaptDreyfuss,"Nothing to do but kill sharks and get poisoned by lionfish.  Otherwise, fighting shark is a joke.  If I stabbed a shark 10 times it wouldn't be at full string.  Also, I can't tell you how many have disappeared into the island during a thrust.  It should beach itself and pretty much be mine.  Let me know when you can increase your inventory."
,Not Recommended,313120,18399026,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Trollnado,Pretty sure this is on it's way to being abandoned.  Save your coin - There's no content.
76561198386335482,Not Recommended,313120,35166107,Posted: 23 September,all,Jude Harley,"This is a great idea and it was so fun when I first downloaded it. Now I can't even get past the start screen. It's so pixilated and it won't even let me press start game. I'm very lucky I have a touch screen computer or I would have had to hard shut down my computer in order to get out. It honestly isn't worth your hard earned money righ now. Back when it first started, hell yes you wanted to spend your hard earned (or begged) cash! But now it's a mess of a game and isn't worth the softwear it was made on. Don't get me wrong. I'm all for this game, but I can't even play the darned thing, so I don't recomend it. I might play it again someday, but only if the devs fix whatever they've done."
76561198071974334,Recommended,313120,15765653,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ben_of_Men,"So I haven't really achieved much in terms of survival or crafting, but each time I last a little longer.The game has its ups and downs, like all.Pros: True survival, no map, no stat bars, realistic inventory space, interestingly unique, yet primitive, crafting system, spectacular animals, great graphics, sickness.Do not expect to have your hand held through this. You get a few moments of learning on the plane before it goes down, and you have to get up to the surface. You do not get stat bars, i.e., health, stamina, hunger, thirst. Just gotta stay hydrated and fed at all times. There is no map, you are stranded. At most I have found a compass, and still have gotten confused and lost. You can only carry 8 items, some stack, stack max being 4. The crafting is all done in front of you. No need to waste materials on a silly crafting table. The wild life is great, sharks, stingrays, fish, crabs. Well made, too. The graphics are wonderful, nice water, nice weather, no complaints. Sickness... Always cook your food if you can. You can get sick, I am not sure of the side effects, since you are all alone with no guide to tell you why you just threw up. Weird pro, but its nice to actually have to let a crab sit on your fire for a while, at which point it makes a microwave 'ding', no matter where you are. Not realistic but mildly amusing.Cons: Physics, warning time, placement of items, no bags?, no shadow, achievements not working.Not many issues I have here. Some of the physics are off, you can move four felled trees with a potato if you pull it into them. C'mon now. Warning times are hideous, you have roughly ten minutes, give or take, before you die of hunger or thirst after getting a warning saying you are weak and should eat something. Really difficult when you are traveling between islands, makes inventory space a hassle, which brings me to the final two issues. Some items, on pick up, vanish. Torches and buckets are the only two I've managed to get so far, but they vanish, and are just 'passive' items I think. Waterbottles are filled by buckets which are filled by the ocean and you can do it anywhere. Filtration isn't fast, so I'm not sure on the logic there, along with the fact I have no idea where the bucket/torch is being held, seeing as it isn't in one of my 8 slots. No bags. There is a question mark because I'm not sure if I'm missing something, or just haven't collected the materials for it yet. Would be nice to have in instances of island travel, for food/water/tools. Not having a shadow is pretty big in terms of good gameplay. I can see both of my arms, yet all the shadow is is the tool I weild. I've noticed that I should have gotten almost all the achievements by now as well, but they seem to not be working.That's all I've got now, but it really is a great game, and despite some of the horrendous, fatal issues I've had, I can't stop playing. 8/10"
76561198110864349,Recommended,313120,15944370,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Devin,Amazing realistic survival game that forces you to face your fears.
,Recommended,313120,17161370,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Weebster,This game is great for when youre playing alone. Very recommeneded
,Not Recommended,313120,18509388,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,CLessive,"I have to choose ""Not recommended"" because the update frequency is nearly dead whether believe it or not."
,Not Recommended,313120,18559755,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Just Mossy,"This game has potential, but as it stands it is maybe at best a 3 hour game that needs more work. Devs should be listening more to us, for example the lack of resources on each island is great and makes you travel but transporting resources is frustrating and slow and made me honestly just give up. Hoping by December the game picks up because it hasn't really changed much since i bought it."
,Not Recommended,313120,16681622,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TRYER,"A beautiful yet boring game. The graphics are very nice to look at, with decent ambient music to listen to. But after you spent 3 hours of the game, collecting rocks, chopping trees, collecting coconuts, you are pretty much done with the game. The game could actually be great with more content, but it is just not there.Worth maybe $8, not the $16 they are asking for it. Not yet anyway. Stars 3 out of 5. Could be more, in the future,"
76561198108254586,Not Recommended,313120,20434285,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Milky Mike,"The game begins as a interesting 3D sandbox game but after 4 hours of the game, it gets boring. There is nothing to do except build a small and basic house, with the game limiting you to walls, steps, support, floor. This game does not build up to anything. When you feel like there is nothing left in the game to do or explore, you still feel like your fighting to not stave and sharks still kill you just as fast. This game has very little content to have fun with becasue of it's Early Access. Until this game has several large updates, it is not worth wasting your money."
,Recommended,313120,14127429,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Quad,"The game shows a lot of promise. The game is still very buggy, but what I've played so far is quite interesting. Trying to figure out how the crafting system works is slightly useless, but with a little work, I'm guessing it will become very intuitive. My run ended up with me getting stuck inside a boat, fun times.Wouldn't really recommend playing the game untill some more work is done on it. This game is probably going to be quite the hit when it's done."
,Not Recommended,313120,25113748,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sephtis,"Game was fun for 5 hours, didn't hold up much after that. Not much to the game, get food and slowly sail around pointlessly. So much could have been done with a game like this, yet they just never got there. There is just nothing to do in the game, maybe some better base building...would still be a shallow game though.I would pick up The Forest or Subnautica, forget this one."
76561198284683577,Recommended,313120,22779721,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,99 Flake,i really enjoy this game however my computer runs it quite laggy theese are my specs 4gb ram a integrated graphics card and intel pentinum if you know how to reduce lag significantly let me know. if the devs are reading this please make a way to downsample i feel this would help alot of players who wish to play this but dont have the money for a beefy computer.
76561198011581336,Not Recommended,313120,29734345,Posted: 5 February,all,DUBONTIME,"This game was once great, I enjoyed it very much when it was first released. It had many elements of survival; you had to figure out how to build certain things and combine them (no survival manual). You had to chop trees down and work for what you needed. The Huts you could build actually looked realistic with dry plam fronds. Now you can find steel beams??? The maps just look to fake and sculpted now. Not worth playing anymore."
,Recommended,313120,17058167,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheWhiteHawaiian,great game and fairprice
76561197993435052,Not Recommended,313120,18622899,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TriXirT,"Wow... after a few month absence and really loving the game previously, I never would have thought it could get glitchier. Crabs dont walk anymore, they just hover around. The water glitches at a medium distance with weird shadows. The crouch toggle is stuck on, even when switched off. Player movements has become delayed. All these were not issues when I played last time, not good Mr. Developers.4/10, would not recommend unless for the curious or after the bugs get fixed and it's no longer early access."
,Recommended,313120,22747885,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jazz0Jazz,"Really fun survival game, would be great if a multiplayer feature was added"
76561198258267321,Recommended,313120,31031709,Posted: 8 April,all,HallowPug,An amazing Game. I have a potato computer AND it still runs well. Also its super realistic. Definitly worth the money
,Not Recommended,313120,16135273,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DisssssssTinct,"Graphics 9/10 Looks GoodGameplay 3/10 Rigth now i wouldent buy it there simply isnt enough content, But the content there is worksSingleplayer 3/10 NOT ENOUGH CONTENTControls 6/10 WorkThe Game Is In An Early Stage Hope Tey Add More Content"
,Not Recommended,313120,17578596,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,NoGirlsOnTheInternet,"I *love* survival games - you might say I hold an unhealthy addiction to them. Stranded Deep is perhaps the most uninteresting, least-intuitive game I've played in quite a long while. The crafting system is a bit asinine, the carry space one has in inventory is laughably small, and resources too sparse to be vaguely realistic (there are rocks everywhere in the environment, but only perhaps 4-5 usable stones per island.) It doesn't seem possible at this point to craft any storage devices or backpacks.While it is apparently possible to survive indefinitely on a single island (provided one doesn't chop down all the palm trees, thereby removing the only source of drinkable water I've thus far found,) abject boredom will drive the player to explore nearby islands via raft. Whilst underway, sharks will attempt to dislodge the player, but instead just knock everything overboard one might have been trying to transport. The other reason to explore is to find valuable items... which one doesn't really need at all.I grant you, I've only given this a few of hours of my time, but couldn't stand anything longer than that. It's pretty and has a good concept, but compelling content is lacking.I most definitely do not recommend Stranded Deep, and I'm quite surprised the reviews seem to be mostly positive. Perhaps farther down the development line, this will be interesting and engaging.Rather than slog through this sub-par game, I would recommend... well, almost anything else. For a pure survival experience, The Long Dark or The Forest. For adventure and exploration, ARK Evolved. Even Rising World far outclasses Stranded Deep at this point."
,Recommended,313120,14126941,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Drum,"Got stuck in a boat, couldn't climb out.Restarted game.Skipped intro.Raft flew into space.Character can now fly."
,Recommended,313120,15586899,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sirenum Scopuli,I love this Game so far but i really want more of a story to it and maybe even recently abandoned ships that are still floating or something
,Recommended,313120,16606475,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rimbalo,"Day 1: Strip island of resources.Day 2: Build necessities.Day 3: Accumulate all resources and guesstimate how long before I need to raft to other islands.Day 4: Enter a shipwreck, dragged to the depths by a Tiger Shark, survive.Day 5: Bleeding but found a label-maker in shipwreck from Day 4, proceed to name my last three crabs ""Hummerz, Coxy, Gouldy"" (housemates) - set them up on a nice rock overlooking water, vowed not to eat them even if I needed to.Day 6: Eat my housemates, because I could hear them saying bad things about me overnight while I slept in my hut.Day 7: Label fish trap ""Cage of Death"" because all I catch are Lionfish that continually destroy me.Day 8: Prepare to venture for new land, use label-maker to call my Life raft ""Yellow Submarine"", hoping I sink and die.Day 9: Use label-maker to name my final coconut ""Wilson"" and set off for a new adventure.If you get this game, I pray you get a Label-maker.12/10 willing to go insane again."
76561198119704739,Recommended,313120,15507860,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pennywise the Dancing Clown,Got out of plane.Found raft.Pass out.Wake up and see island.Paddle to it and ride life boat to the middle of the island.Get off and see shark circling island.Gather supplies and don't have enough rocks.Get on life boat to go to another island.Get about a mile away from my island and see a dark shape in the water.Starts swimming up towards my raft.I see its jaws open.I nope out and swim back to my island.Need food and water.Storm starts.Im screwed.10/10 would try to make it to an island and nope out againUpdate:Just found a stingray and it was totally awesome!!
,Not Recommended,313120,20757652,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,woop de chicken coop,"It used to be good, now its not."
76561198162215330,Not Recommended,313120,26755969,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,adgermain8,"I really enjoyed this game when it first came out, but I'm very disappointed with what it has become. It's basically unplayable, as it either crashes or is so glitchy that it's hard to accomplish anything in the game without causing an immense amount of frustration."
,Recommended,313120,16664348,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BuRny,"I find myself playing this game for hours on end. I find it strangly addicting. I have been creeped out by the dam sharks who seem to endlessly torment me in my raft by circling and bumping my raft.  I find this game haunting my dreams.....Yet I want to play this more and more to see how long I can survive. So far not long enough!! I either dive to far down and then I start coughing, or I climb up a darn  palm tree and falling breaking my legs. And once I accidently caught a lionfish and poisoned me!I really enjoy this game, although it takes forever to get to island to island."
,Recommended,313120,15110926,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lianne,So far I absolutely love this game! Even though it's still in development its not clunky to play and runs pretty smoothly. Can't wait for future updates :-)
,Recommended,313120,14232625,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Valonielu,Absolutely beautiful. Hope the devs will keep on improving this amazing game.
,Recommended,313120,14250443,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Slut for Biggie Cheese,Can use lighter underwater.
76561198071395497,Recommended,313120,14129907,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Peak,Sunk my raft with 20 dead crab 10/10
,Recommended,313120,15085198,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ianocity,"I think Stranded Deep (honestly) is one of my fav games of all time! i wish there was more stuff to do than there already is ( other canned foods, maybe dead piolets from ur plane that crashed?, a actual gun???, etc.) but overall its an awesome game and Beamteam has done a fantastic job at it! keep it up guys! :D :) :P"
,Recommended,313120,14283334,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JapaN3S3WARR1or,Nice game!   8/10-Crafting-Nice graphics-Lot of islands-Freedom-Sharks
76561198008114036,Recommended,313120,14278198,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Colp,"Spent 3 days figuring out how to cook a fish.Went Fishing, got eaten by massive shark.10/10 would rip♥♥♥♥♥♥off in terror again."
76561198018554331,Recommended,313120,14274348,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Yahgiggle,"Stranded Deep is one of those games we  all dreamed about growing up, there's something truly mystical about being lost on a island and just surviving off the stuff around you then building your new home, but does this game live up to my expiationsI want to start by saying this is my opinion and yours may not be the same and that's ok too, but please respect my opinion and keep any negative comments to oneself.First off  this game is still under development and is now in the  Early Access stage with a price tag of only $14.99 USD at the time of writing this review.Now let's get into it, imagine yourself going for business trip, you're on your own private airplane you get up and make yourself a martini , then sit back down and next thing there's some sort of explosion and blows a massive hole in the side of the plane , next thing you know your plane has crashed into the sea, you swim out of the wreckage  and find rubber life raft witch you climb onto, next there's  another explosion most likely the fuel  on the plane, this nocks you out and when you come to your just floating in your rubber life boat, you look up to see a island not too far away so you paddle there,  WOW you survived that crash but now you have to survive on this little island, looking around you find stones, sticks, potatoes, crabs, coconuts  and some yucca plants witch you can get twine from, with this stuff you can build a number of things witch a axe is one of them,  with the axe you can start cutting down trees to make more sticks, I'm  going to stop here because i think you guys know where im going and i don't  want to give everything away,Game control, The game is very simple to control and you have the option to change your key layout which is very nice, the movement  is  at 70%  with some improvement  needed  when moving around rocks and trees  and  feels somewhat slow at times.Graphics are stunning i loved the water and everything looks awesome sunsets dam them sunsets are nice, even with graphics set to low i think most users will be happy, i give the graphics  9/10,Now let's talk content ok there's not much yet but let's not forget this games still under development i can only give it 2/10 but this will increases  as things are added if they add more that is.Things i would like to see added1-  Bigger islands?  they don't need to be so big like New Zealand but something like 5 hectares would be nice, also they all don't need to be this size , but the odd one would be a awesome find2- More land animals, things like sheep, dogs, birds,  deer,  the crabs are cool but the game needs more than just crabs3- The option to cut down all trees not just coconut  ones4- Multiplayer5- Been able to join just about anything together  with rope this would make raft building much more fun been able to only make one small raft sucks  if i have the resources i want to be able to build a ship lol6- Caves, Caves on islands could provide shelter and maybe some hidden things much like the ship wrecks   but look out the cave could house some un wanted snakes or anything that might kill you.7- fruit trees  the odd apple tree or something????, Would be cool, also been able to use the seeds to regrow more plants would be more fun than them just growing back 2min after you pick themthere are plenty of other stuff this game could have but that's a small list of things i think are needed ASAP.Over all the game is very good for what it is but there's  a lot more stuff needed yet so i can only give this game 5/10 and wish the very best of luck for the developers keep up the awesome work."
,Recommended,313120,22073094,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,0______0,fun game needs more
76561198204554293,Recommended,313120,33865316,Posted: 28 July,all,Huskey,"Great game if your into realistic-survivor type of games. Some of the things I love about the game are; the ability to loot shipwrecks and sea forts, as well as the ability to craft and build rafts and structures. Anyways, heres a list of some ways I believe could improve the game overall:Make sharks less aggressive as shark attacks are highly dangerous in the game.Add more ship/boat/plane wreckages! This will add more variety to the game.Add the ability to be able to climb palm trees to only cut the palm leaves so they can regrow over time. This will grant the player the ability to cut and harvest palm tree leaves without cutting down the tree.Add washaway Rocks which will spawn on the shoreline. This will allow the player to gain rocks that have spawned/showed up in the shoreline."
76561198265547861,Recommended,313120,25045672,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zetsu,This game is amazing it would be perfect if they added multiplayer and fixed the crab and coconut issue but other than that its perfect
,Recommended,313120,14133924,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,FusionZGamer,This game is AIGHT
76561198135275894,Recommended,313120,14464039,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,jakew,"I only wish there was a bigger inventory space, maybe a backpack sort of of display instead of 8 squares, with maybe more than 12 spaces, and bigger stacks with items like potatoes."
,Recommended,313120,14134680,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,random assortment of letters,Game unfinished. Has potential. Wait before getting it and you will be satisfied.
,Recommended,313120,14473065,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lukhje,"Well I bought this game because it looked great, and it is! The developers are updating the game (so far), the gameplay is really good. The only con with this game is that you are suppose to survive in the ocean, and that's not my favorite element because the sea is giving me the creeps... The ocean in this game is so freaking scary, it always feels like there is a big shark, whale or a giant occtupus lurking deep under you in the sea (it kinda feels like a horror game sometimes)... For example, this have happend me several times but the last time it was like this:I where in the liferaft on my way to another island to get some more materials, and I am surrounded by dark water (I know that I'am on the deep sea now). I see a shadow move below me in the water and I start to paddle as fast as I can. I feel that the liferaft is getting pushed now, and suddenly I am in the water and my raft is drifting away from me... I can't see the shark but I know that she is close so I start to swim for all it 's worth, trying to catch my liferaft (I have the chills during the whole time I'm in the water)... I finally get the liferaft and as soon as I got on it I didn't stop paddling till I reached in the middle of an island which was to become my new home!This is a great game, even though I find that the sea is creepy as hell... I can't wait for the co-op to come out (I think it will be more fun to play it with friends), would recomend, 9/10 ( 9 because of the creeps the game gives me)."
76561198086006510,Recommended,313120,24220639,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Durlak,I had a great time playing this game even though it reminded me that im terrified of sharks.
76561198052325510,Recommended,313120,25564667,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ragjan,"It's potentially a great game...But it has been in early access for a pretty long time with little improvement or addition of content...I played this game for ~10h, most of it in offline mode - and I was pretty excited at first. The game felt immersive and pretty large, the graphics were beautiful and the ocean was a big and mysterious obstacle that needed decent preperation to be overcome by me... So I went off to build a cottage on the first island I came to.I ate coconuts and catched some fish with a self-made spear and kept on improving on my first island -gathering wood, fiber and other resources - soon I grew bored from sitting around and building (and exploring the outskirts of the islands close by) - and came to make my first trip to the dephts of the ocean (saling on a small raft to be protected from sharks or everything else what may lurked beyond the surface) - there I encountered some ship/planewrecks...I looked around to make sure there were no sharks around and started diving. I managed to aquire some loot but ultimately my success was cut short when I got stuck in the second wreck I intended to loot - and drowned like the poor fool that I was.After those events I took a pause from the game and came back multiple times (months later) to see if there had been any updates so I could further improve my islands ""infrastructure"" or upgrade my gear for exploration (I grew paranoid of shipwrecks since my ""getting-stuck-by-bug"" experience).Sadly everytime I checked back there was little to no improvement, so I eventually stopped playing. The game has an overall huuuge potential but updates and addition of content is scarce and I'm afraid it got stuck in an ""early access hell""...tl;dnr?:If you like tropical islands, vast and deep oceans and building/sandbox games, you'll enjoy this game for the 5-10h of new and unfamiliar gameplay. After this time it's basically a ""sit around and eat/drink simulator"". I think it CAN be a good game with huge potential but it REALLY needs to leave early access and get more content/features first! I wish the devs good luck on their project and hope to see it finished somewhere in the future!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E5m_XtCX3cIf you're playing it for a while I recommend you to listen to these sweet tunes while playing"
,Recommended,313120,25453881,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TacoLord424,"Great Game. Died a lot, but great game. I relly suck at this game..."
,Recommended,313120,19962635,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Newk,"Stranded Deep, a.k.a. Coconut Drinking Simulator 2015 is a game where you can fly on the back of great white sharks over vast oceans. I think that speaks for itself.10/10 would recommend"
76561198064542039,Not Recommended,313120,19871152,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,"It's not a bad game, but there simply isn't enough to do yet, even for an Early Access game."
76561198024974329,Not Recommended,313120,16680024,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Coolfusis,"So I've now been playing a few hours, and I can safely say that this game is not fun. I'm  torn between recommending it for now, because I think it can become very fun, later, but right now - it is not fun. That costs it the recommendation. You can create the means for survival on your first island, usually. This is not saying the game is too easy, but that's really it. There's zero reason to continue playing after that. Sure, you can explore and find more stuff, but there's not a point to it. Finding flares, making weapons, building anything beyond a little shack holds zero reward. It doesn't unlock new skills for your character, there's no fun things waiting at the bottom of the oceans, so it's just a ""Leave base. Find stuff. Return. Eat/Drink. Repeat.""Again, this game has potential. Potential isn't fun, though."
76561198262562706,Recommended,313120,20939843,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,thomlovessue,"Very important.... Need something like bar graph for thirst, hunger, and maybe health.  Cannot tell if your doing something to help on these or not.  Perhaps also number of hours survived.  In ""real"" life you would know if you were hungry or thirsty and/or if overtired or injured.  Also, a crafted item to catch rainwater and funnel it to an outlet {not stagnet water, unhealthy} ,,, suggest 2 trunks, 2 sticks, 4 lashings, and a tarp.  Could you craft a roof with a tarp and lashings?  Just ideas, but the bar graph or something similar is critical.  Otherwise loved the game."
76561198132801931,Recommended,313120,23232427,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dziku,"Good game, and quite realistic. There are not many updates, but they are big."
,Recommended,313120,23513456,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,🐾💜cɑԵ💜🐾,very good :)
,Recommended,313120,23013054,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,paktusjet,"I was a little hesitant in getting this game. I've seen to many survival games that even though they look good once you buy them a few months later the devs take off. I went out on a limb on this and and I was glad that I did. I was a early adopter of this game and it did have a lot of glitches and rough areas to begin with, but it was an early access game so I couldn't complain. The glitches almost pushed me away, but right when I was about to leave the devs pushed out an update and fixed the issues. At that moment I was hooked. I purchased the game as a gift to my brother who also plays it now. The hardest part about this game is figuring out when you want to leave the safe haven of your starting island to go adventure. This game gives you the thrill of treasure hunting, while keeping you on your toes with the enemies of the deep. Highly recommended.graphics 8/10gameplay 8/10"
76561198030485083,Recommended,313120,16542656,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fire For Effect,"So, at the moment of writing this I have about an hour and a half into the game, right where most people will decide to ask for a refund or keep playing.  Perfect time for a review I think.  To add my own, admitadly simple, survival background into the review I have gone through USAF SERE school and a bunch of camping as a boy scout, just so you know what frames a bit of my opinions later on.  A simple pros, cons to start with:Pros:1.  It's beautiful for an early access game.  I played Rust quite a while ago and I remember what that looked like, There are moments where the game messes itself up, like tree not quite meeting the ground, but for every one of those I've stared out at a sunset over the Pacific or staring up at one of the nicest night skies I've seen.2.  Single player option.  Actually at the moment it's the only option, but so many survival/crafting games lately are multiplayer and when people's default setting seems to be griefer it's nice to just be able to try to compete only with mother nature.3.  There are no zombies.  Another default setting these day it seems.  Again, zombies are fun, I love them, but as unforgiving as mother nature herself can be it's nice to see something other than zombies as the primary antagonist.  This could be improved in the future, for example in the future rain could have more effect on the player than simply obscuring the vision.  It's a mixed blessing, a chance for fresh water to be collected without having to boil it, but also a harsh physical challenge.4.  Sharks.  I guess this will take some explaining.  I left my first island on a run to what looked like a close island (more on that later), I was dogged the whole way by a tiger shark that kept bumping my raft.  I don't even know if it's the same shark that followed me towards the shore the first time I paddled ashore, but I feel this sort of dogged antagonism from something that's probably not even the same shark.  The attitude seems about right, this coming from someone who's never seen a shark out of an aquarium, almost a sort of aggressive curiosity.  Sharks are just one of many, many things that can kill you in this game but they somehow top the list of what I don't want to see show up.5.  Atmosphere.  At least to a point.  The game does an amazing job of dropping you into the situation, but it also, at the moment, leaves you wondering why no one has noticed you're missing.  In the futuer a ""winning"" possibility has been promised, but for now you start as what appears to be a fairly rich guy on a private plane,  and no one seems to notice, or care, that you're missing.  That being said, the game puts you into a beautiful, but utterly hostile, environment.  Taking too long to appreciate it feels like something else is sneaking up on you.  I can't explain it to well, but it's a strange mix of excitment, anticipation, and utter fear as you sit in your raft picking out what island to paddle to next.Cons:-Crafting system.  This will be a long explanation and forms my one big gripe for the game, if you don't want to read it all, there will be times you feel like you can/should be able to do something but just can't because you haven't figured out how the developer wanted to do it.  I don't mean this as an argument that it shouldn't have one, but that the introduction to it is insufficent.  The player is literally just dropped on an island only having made a martini beforehand and you can die horribly still trying to figure out how to make a fire.  This is more of gripe when the player has collected a pile of sticks and has a lighter, the average person will  figure they can make a fire.   This in addition to the fact that the player has a knife to start with.  With sticks, a lighter and knife I know I could get a fire going with no problem.There's more to this, recipies need ingredients that you may not know how to get, if I hadn't known what a yucca plant looked like I'd have never found lashing, and for some reason the axe creates almost everything, despite the fact you could smash a rock with a hammer just as easily.  Without spending some significant time with a wiki or a youtube walkthrough you'll be left staring at what seriously seems like the answer to a crafting question and it just won't work.  This extends to weird solutions to crafting problems, things like simply boiling a bucket of sea water causes it to suddenly be fresh water, which is something that simply doesn't work without a few extra steps.Also, some ideas you may have with any survival training, like setting an empty bucket out in the rain, just don't seem to work.  In additon certain items that should be one use only, like a flare, are somehow infinate use, while others that should be fine for years, like a stainless steel survival knife, somehow fall apart in after a few days of use2.  Some items don't do what they should.  Antibiotics don't cure poison, duct tape is somehow useable after what looks like years under water, it's minor but it breaks the feeling.3.  This doesn't quite feel like it takes full advantage of its environment.  The South Pacific has had years of ships, planes, war and such that could have delivered supplies of some sort to the area.  Every ship seems to be a fishing trawler, every plane is  a small prop plane.  A few years of war would have delivered warships and fighter aircraft of the Empire of Japan, the United States and United Kingdom to the area for World War II alone.  That doesn't even count numerous civilian wrecks and ships that have gone missing through the years.  I just feel like it would give some character.4.  Navigation through the world.  The first island you start on will probably be ungodly small, and every island seems to be the same way.  They're a few trees, a few rocks, maybe some lashing and the random ship or aircraft wreck.   Each of these takes several minutes to navigate through, the entire time of which you will seemingly be shadowed by a shark with the raft constantly bumped.  The shark I'm ok with, as I stated earlier, but the reason I bring it up is because the risk doesn't ever seem to fit the reward.  I risked several long journeys across hostile waters for a few more sticks and rocks.  I never managed to find a bigger island or some sort of cache of supplies that seemed to make it worth it.  Maybe it's random bad luck,  but I just never felt like my expeditions really paid off.5.  Set character.  I know for a game like this it seems like a minor gripe, but being able to be something other than a random white guy would be nice, I'm assuming this will change in the future so for now, no real complaint that would have kept me from buying the game.All in all, I'm certain I'm keeping the game, despite having to look up crafting and spend some time with tutorials, I've enjoyed my time with it so far.  That isn't so much based off my satsisfaction with what it is right now, rather it's based off the potential I see in the game, and potential the developers could take advantage of to create something other than the same old post-apocalyptic suvival MMO where every random person tries to kill you."
76561198061166779,Recommended,313120,20066288,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rispyl,Drowned...      10/10 would drown again :)
,Recommended,313120,17066423,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zanphear,Slow development but polished and fun - just too brief at the moment - still going to recommend.
76561197980546231,Recommended,313120,28929798,Posted: 1 January,all,Bo|2nBette|2+,"Has potential, decent foundation for a fun game- few problems though:1) the number of sharks and how they will stalk you so intently is unrealistic. you cant even go in the water without one instantly being on your nuts.2) islands dont appear until youre on top of them. There was a huge island right off the island i first landed on, that would have/should have been visible from a long...long ways away, but was not until i got almost half way to it on a raft at which point it ""appeared"" or spawned and was now visible. (yes i have top of the line video/hardware and graphics are maxed)3) time passes a little too fast for how little daylight there is. It gets dark by 6pm (which is too early imo) almost instantly. You can just make it to an outter island in daylight still which is silly.4) its super annoying to always have him say ""yuck/gross"" when cleaning ""food"" to survive!!!! lol wtf.5) having to drop things to clean it is annoying too, should be an option from the inventory menu if you have a knife and something to clean/gut, or at least while in your hand.6) you should be able to carry more in your raft without being slowed down.overall, moderately fun game, pretty easy to survive so if the problems can be fine tuned exploring will be more fun as well."
76561198197739911,Recommended,313120,16253871,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jamesmac64,"Still early in development but so far the game is outstanding.  Content has a solid base and is being expanded monthly.  Good game concept with lots of room for expansion.  Easy to immerse yourself into this game and forget the headaches of the day.  Bugs are to be expected, but for such an early game this one is well on it's way to being my favorite.Time for an update on my review.  I know what the hours say on my profile, but the Steam system is very inaccurate I'm afraid.  It does not count offline hours, while it does count online hours where the client is open and not being played at all.  So far I am running a little over 200 hours split between two laptops.  My initial review was short due to my short exposure to the game.  As that exposure increases I will keep this review up to date.Currently I still give the game a thumbs up.Pros:Active development and regular progress.  Most of what I have seen being worked on lately has been very labor and time intensive.  They are very active in bug fixing and are visibly working with testers from the player community to correct these bugs.Developers release client updates fairly often,  I can think of at least 4 client updates in the past 2 months, and I think there was actually 5 but that last one was pretty much just bug fixes only.Communication between the developers and the community seems to be pretty good and frequent these past few months since my initial review.  They are using a company website, two Trello sites, facebook, twitter, and Steam for communication so it is spread out a bit, but the moderators and some of the community seem to be working together to consolidate these onto Steam.They have been using suggestions from the community in the game development, which is a very nice thing to see, and it also shows that the developers do in fact listen to the community.  Something I like to see, even though it can be distracting at times for developers.While visible content has been thin the feature systems seem to be evolving and progressing, and more visible content is starting to be released.  The depth of the immersion is starting to intensify with upgraded weather and ocean systems.  I cannot state that the next update will in fact produce the increased content and features as stated, but so far the developers have kept to their word as much as humanly possible and as such I tend to trust that this next update will be everything that they have claimed.The developers have expanded their dev team and the increase in output has been very obvious since they hired a new dev.  Another strong indicator that the game is not only active in development but that the developers are in fact motivated to produce this game.The game has some strong community support with a number of key individuals who help provide more formal testing and assist other players with questions and solving issues.  One of the more reliable signs of a good game design, btw.Cross platform support.  Currently the game supports both Windows and Mac OS, and they have stated an intent to support Linux in the future.  Most games are developed for a single platform initially and additional platforms are supported after release of the game, in order to allow the development team to focus on game completion first.Cons:Low visible content at the moment leads some players to become bored after a short period of play, say several days to a few weeks worth.  However this does seem to be changing with the new updates and the game is still in early alpha.  So this is a limited negative and I believe based upon historical evidence that it will be rectified shortly.  I could guess by the end of this month, but that would be just a guess, not fact.Cross platform development.  I feel that with such a small development team this MAY have been a bad choice, to develop for multiple platforms at the same time rather than wait until the game has been released for the first platform.  There are pros and cons to this, and I listed it as both for that reason.Other Observations:One of the things that I have found refreshing with Stranded Deep is that by design the game allows for a wide range of play styles.  The developers have been building Stranded Deep as a survival game, and yet they have ensured that players have enough features and lattitude to survive their own way or style.  Most survival games either require you to survive by their ""rules"" or at the least they mark off some form of point system for not surviving by their design goal or method.  Stranded Deep seems more about the immersion into that world and it's environment and leaves you to figure out how you will survive on your own.  The path you take is up to you and the game supports it.  A unique approach yet far more realistic than others in the survival genre."
76561198175488479,Recommended,313120,26060416,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,"Stranded deep, stranded deep is a survival game where your stranded on an island and explore other islands. The game is developing at a good speed. This game's survival features are needing to eat, drink, sleep, watch out for dangerous creatures and craft items to help you achieve your goals to survive. This game's exploring features are many random gen island with ship reks and sea fortresses to explore for hours. This game's sandbox features are being able to create your own island with complex level designing and being able to create in game bases. Cons: minor bugs or glitches will most likely accure wile playing. Pros: this is a game for people who like exploring, creating or surviving also has good game concept."
76561198036239475,Recommended,313120,23560278,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,kempton79,"ok I love this game, I really do but, what bothers me the most was what they took stuff out (or on mine) I dont have a lighter or a paddle, and i dont have traps. And why is it when I leave the tab my game stops working. Here are some things they should add.-a way to cook animals, I killed a Boar and cant do anything with it- fishing, because thats so cool- ammo for that flare gun-better building-Better islands-better ship wrecks-better craftable ships-sloped roofs- more trees-more fish-MORE AMIMALS-a lighter-more clothing varity-Mailtyplayer-rain, how does my rain catcher work with no rain-bigger islands-DOGS-other than that I <3 the gameI do love this game but one day I got a lot of stuff and dident save and I thought ""Hay lets go diving"", so I found a sunk boat. I go into this room that you can only get into by door, and when I try to leave ... I CANT...,so I die."
76561198090576869,Recommended,313120,15569509,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ramsay Bolton,"Resumed my save and found my base under water and about 4 sharks ate me 10/10But, multiplayer is a must."
76561197998695728,Recommended,313120,25827725,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,~M~,"I've played tons of games in many different genres and Standed Deep is one of the best survival games there are for an Alpha or Beta game.This game could (without saying) have more work done but the beauty of it is that there is no one story line. every play through is unique. even if you get on the same island as a previous playthrough, there are different things that could happen (storms, predators, resource spawns).for an early game, i would give this a 9.5/10.the only minor fix that could happen is maybe a short tutorial on what to do? i understand that Wiki is a great place to go to when in help but maybe a short ""here's how to build a fire"" or ""this is what you can eat and drink.""took me 3 hours and wiki to figure out how to barely survive.after that, it was experimenting and using everyone's favorite Wiki to find out why i can/can't do certain actions.overall, this game is worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,313120,17553098,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Will,Left out to dry by another early access game
76561198030967734,Not Recommended,313120,17749602,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Twoseeeye,Major lack of content you've done everything you can do bar grind lots and lots of wood to make a hut that is just aesthetic. Hasn't been updated in so long that I forgot I even owned it.
,Not Recommended,313120,18441980,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,habix,"Seems like forever in between updates and most of the time its ""refactoring"" and updating to latest version of x and y. Would I recomend this game to my friends? No."
,Recommended,313120,23075066,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ZipZesty (Josh),"I love this game. If it had multiplayer then I would upload if to Youtube but for now its just a ""for fun"" game."
,Recommended,313120,34918020,Posted: 13 September,all,goddoggod,"Like so many others, I bought this game in early release. A LOT has changed since then. Some good, some not so good.Overall the game is beautiful in detail but it does lack a story line that makes you coming back for more.There are only so many islands you can explore, huts you can build, and pigs to kill before monotony sets in.The developers have done a good job listening to what people want, so much so that I believe they may have lost focus on their original purpose for this game.With all of that being said, I still recommend the game."
76561198085483793,Recommended,313120,22618022,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,EliTe x SniPe,"so fun, just water is the only obsticle... but does anyone know why sea water wont boil to fresh water? and dont say upgrade fire pitt to water collector cause ive already done it. still wish for multiplayer... 7/10"
76561198022144184,Not Recommended,313120,17605582,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Gamedead,"Spend your 15 dollars at a movie theater, most movies have more than one hours wortth of entertainment.Sounded promising, exciting for the first 10 minutes ala a Bioshock 1 style intro, then it gets pretty flat.Custom mods via GMOD or Warcraft III would make a better standalone game than this.Updates are BS, nothing really happens. Fun idea I would wait until there is a proper update listed.Go on Youtube and watch someone else play it, if you can do that for 20 minutes and still feel excited about this game then go for it.2/10"
,Recommended,313120,29310147,Posted: 16 January,all,123,I absolutely enjoy the premise of this game. This is a true desert island survival game.
76561198295614415,Recommended,313120,30327590,Posted: 4 March,all,djswansonmusic1994,I have been playing for a while now. Every new update is better and better. Im still looking around on the new Experimental  patch. Absolutely wonderful :) Keep up the great work :D Thanks for creating a wonderful game. I would recommend this to all my friends.
,Not Recommended,313120,20598117,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kenji,"Don't get this game if your computer's graphics card isn't all that high-end. Even at the lowest possible settings, I got maybe 10FPS if I was lucky. Because of that, I couldn't get my watch to switch modes, so I couldn't see my vitals, and I drowned  inside of a boat because I couldn't swing the janky controls around fast enough to get out. I couldn't even RUN THE GAME without enabling DirectX 9.0, because it would crash when i tried to load a world. I really hope the developers adjust it to run better on lesser computers, because if they don't this game is a waste of fifteen bucks that could be better spent on something like The Stanley Parable. All in all, this is one game where the graphics do truly make it unplayable."
,Recommended,313120,23523446,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Homoseksuaal Eliminator 1488,"MULTIPLAYER WHEN?Other than that the game is pretty good, I just would like to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,313120,20116728,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ZiggitZaggle,"Good game in the beginning then they started breaking stuff and ""re-imagining"" stuff......do youreself a favor and dont waste youre time."
,Recommended,313120,30701782,Posted: 24 March,all,BirdoBreeder,after watching paul somthing jr i got back into this game and its challenging.RECOMMEND IF YOU LIKE SANDBOX ACTION
,Recommended,313120,14218082,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,gFunk,Would hang out with Wilson again!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=383103421
76561198087646551,Recommended,313120,34049946,Posted: 5 August,all,ren.gillard,"I've been waiting for a game like this one for a long time. Omg it's so great. It's Castaway, you're a castaway and the goal is to survive and thrive. It's beautiful, there's easy to use crafting that makes sense. This is a pretty ambitious game and I am excited to see where it goes, it's already really addicting to play as is.I wanted to add, in it's defence as there's a good amount of negative reviews, there's been a couple recent giant updates to the game that adds what it really needed i.e. crafting menus, quick crafting, tutorials, clean UI, tons of bug fixes, as it stands _today_ it's well worth a chance."
76561198115889388,Not Recommended,313120,20149243,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Edgar.io,"This game was beautiful, fun to play, interesting, updates were large and frequent. It was just amazing.WAS.Now it's much, much worse. The devs totally re-worked Stranded Deep from basics. In result many features were taken away from it. ""Infinite procedurally generated world"" now is small and has borders. Some small features like different materials to build walls came in recent updates, but large content that was promised in the roadmap? Snakes, birds, storms, spearguns, Oculus Rift, co-op, food spoling? NOTHING.I know that it's Early Access and devs are only two people, but 11 months have passed and I don't see almost anything that's listed on the Development Roadmap in-game.Not recommended. Not at this moment."
76561198162991708,Recommended,313120,16937188,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Silver6,"Stranded Deep is a great game, kind of like ""The Forest,"" where you have to survive on an island with limited resources, vast areas of islands and oceans to explore, and various items to craft and use as you wish."
,Recommended,313120,17076448,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,D.Law,"Give this game a few more months(year), and it will be the survivor game people want."
,Recommended,313120,19668093,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cloud9c,"This WAS a fun game, but it seems like they spend more time squashing bugs more than update, so I stopped playing. I would reccomend it if you feel fine waiting for slow updates since this is an early access"
76561198065151466,Not Recommended,313120,17530062,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PATTON,this game should be called .........development abandon deep
76561198057004505,Not Recommended,313120,18538797,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Quadraxis77,Like a cheap boring version of The Forest.
,Recommended,313120,17282552,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,KGDeacon,This is very fun game BUT i feel it would be better with a multiplayer system even if it is restricted to local play only
76561198054321852,Not Recommended,313120,20503539,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Insight,"Bought this game when it first came out and quite enjoyed it but stopped playing for a while. Recently tried playing it but couldn't even get passed the loading page, what a shame. Don't buy."
76561198114272546,Not Recommended,313120,19293586,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,KingSlayer,This game is good for the first hour. Then it gets very very repetitive. Nothing to do. Nothing to see. No updates bringing in new content. Meh. 4/10
,Recommended,313120,15010378,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Your local drugdealer,"The island i was on had not enough rocks, so i tried to paddle to a new island.When halfways two tiger sharks suddenly appear.They pushed me out of my raft.I went berserk and tried to kill them with my axe.Plan failed, i lost 70 hp.I started to swim like hell.Lost another 20 hp.Finally after swimming for 10 minutes i arrive the island.Died of bleeding.666/420 would do it again"
,Recommended,313120,33445325,Posted: 10 July,all,TheJDragon2000,Only thing i would say is to add Multiplayer! Probably would get a lot more sells!
76561198105318465,Not Recommended,313120,19275821,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Anus Georg,For the moment I can not recomend it because it does not have much in it yet and got boring very quick.pros+Diving+sharks!+i love the crafting in the gamecons+I did every thing you can do in 2 hours+the islands are very far away they look close but no.+the islands are all the same+the sharks fly when I hit them
76561198073203883,Recommended,313120,31229517,Posted: 18 April,all,专业拉枪线,We need chinese!!!there are so many words that i have to play with a dictionary.That feels bad for the people who realy love this game but only know a little english.
,Not Recommended,313120,19203247,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ward,To be honestBought this game months ago. Still no content in game.
76561198055588022,Recommended,313120,14215025,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,CommandoReptilio,"Day 1: spawned in the middle of the sea, island is near. I'm going to investigate and see if I can survive on it.Day 2: Sharks have found me. Not that I care, I am just surviving on coconuts and potatoes now. Building shelter. I feel it's going to rain soon.Day 3: Shelter isn't finished but supplies are running out fast. Not much wood left. Might have to scavenge more.Day 4: Shelter is half way built. This island ran out of wood. Plenty of food still. Sharks are still around me. Decide to go in the water. My raft decided to leave me and I fell of. Shark circled around me. I fleed back to my home island. Raft still floating in middle of nowhere.Day 5: Trapped on this island now. Sharks keep being around the island. They keep stalking me. It's creepy. I decided to go in the water and get on my raft. Shark bit me. My arm now has weird white spots. This is not good.Day 6: Managed to get on my raft now. It was upside down, finally fixed that problem. Paddled some miles when I noticed a whale and a few sharks around me. Whale trowed me off my raft. Sharks swim around me, accepting me as their own it seems. I'm not taking risks. I climbed back on and kept paddling to my home land. Wait, this is not my home island? Where did I end up? Alright well, no time for decisions. Saved myself from starving and dehydration quickly. Now surviving in my new home. Hope these coconuts will last longer then last time though.10/10 for coconuts and swimming with sharks"
76561198058441786,Recommended,313120,14766963,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Uη¢яєαтινє кιd,"Do you like survival games but are getting bored of those bland generic survival horror titles? *cough cough* (I'm looking at you every zombie game in existence). WELL THEN, JUST BUY STRANDED DEEP. It's like Cast Away the movie but with 100% less Tom Hanks!This game is amazing, there are a few mechanics that are possibly too hard on the player and some too easy... let's begin with the easy:-Crabs. Essentially an unlimited, respawning food source. I'm not sure how they respawn but I usually leave a few behind from each cluster and a few days later harvest all the new ones. Food really is no issue with crabs.-Buckets? I've found a bucket on my first island every play through. It's infinite water essentially - I like how it works (except holding the bucket over a fire is essentially impossible because my character always holds the damn thing sideways) I think the spawning of them is perhaps too common though.-Land. This is a weird critique but due to the fact that with a bucket and a crab collony you can last forever - it gives no reason to leave the island. Having no threats on land made me a lot less willing to leave and actually face off against sharks.Now let's discuss some of the harder elements:-Storage. Why is there no mechanic to store my food neatly somewhere? I'd really like a table to place my possesions on in my house. In general I'm hoping the building mechanics are fleshed out a bit (of course for the game being in pre-alpha they have done a lot but this is just a suggestion for future). Whilst on the topic: windows and dissasembling placed structures. Too many times have I had to destroy something because it didn't snap to a corner properly.- Navigation. There's a generic 'island in the distance' model I've noticed. Thus you have no idea how far away each island is and at a distance there is no possible way to tell them apart. The compass can be looted but good luck without it. I don't mind the rafts being slow- but the issue of direction and distance needs to be addressed.-resource. The islands are tiny, and thus run out of resource very fast - this encourages you to leave the island. I like this mechanic but could we get a little diversity? maybe islands of significant different size? With this issue of Islands being light-years apart and navigation being as tricky as it is, it's really difficult to actually explore. (Big Islands Mod - Uploaded by I-o-IPositive7, fixes this issue - but makes the resources too plentiful - I would recommend an inbetween).-Storage - Again. How are you supposed to take resource back to your island if you only have 8 slots? if you're going to survive there for a while you're at least going to need 2-3 tools like a lighter, Machette, and Spear. You will also need a bucket and the paddle to move the raft. that's at least half your space gone on items too valuable to throw away. If you were building a house this is way too inefficient. Could we PLEASE get a way to store some items on the boat.That pretty much addresses all my main issues, I love this game thus far and see it as a game with incredible potential.NOTE: I UNDERSTAND THIS IS IN ALPHA STAGES - I WANTED TO MAKE SOME SUGGESTIONS AS TO WHAT COULD BE IMPLEMENTED IN FUTURE UPDATES. a it currently stands I love what I have to play with maybe 8/10 knowing that the game is yet to b completed. Would reccommend to friends."
,Recommended,313120,14180727,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Simon The Big Meme,One word: Wilson
76561198003025074,Recommended,313120,14129746,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lil_Git,"I have been looking forward to this game for what feels like forever and I haven't been disappointed upon release.  This is an early access and so yeah it's full of bugs but the game looks beautiful, feels really like I'm in control and even with settings high it runs perfectly.Once I got over my fear of sharks, losing the raft at the invisible fog line (bug) no longer seems like such a big deal.  At first the islands all felt really small but I recently found a much larger island with a few shipwrecks just off the coastline for me to explore where I found a lot of cool stuff.I doubt I'm gonna get bored of the epicness that is ""Stranded Deep"" and look forward to improvements in the future!!!  I will also continue to expand upon this review as the game develops more."
,Recommended,313120,14147526,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lord Nielson,"Nice summer vacation? Nah m8, sharksGood potential, what is implemented now isnt huge. Peddling around is fun doe"
76561197986820728,Recommended,313120,14649979,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Azmadi,"Pros -- Survival game that makes you actually feel nervous to swim in the ocean- Quite a bit to do at its current stage of early development- Drawing cool maps on printer paper to keep track of your travels and making it look like a treasure map.- Amazing lighting and visualsCons -- ***ONLY*** because its an early alpha, once you have found all the gear and medicines you need to use, other than restocking wood and crabs, you can live forever if your smart in the water.My first playthrough I thought I was surviving pretty well....then i met a shark. With only my water bottle in hand, I didnt stand a chance. The shark had its way with me and I thought it best to start again since I had no life left (and that using a sharp blade of some sort would better fight off a shark attack!).My second and current playthrough I have mastered the seas and all of its inhabitants!. I believe I'm on day 24 now and other than keeping myself hydrated and fed (all thanks to diving too deep and now developing a little female childs cough!?!?) I am on a quest for Vitamins. Other than that, I can live forever. I am an island god!!..also very much alone aside from discovering Wilson.I have found everything else to bandage me up, fix my broken bones and even cure toxins from swimming with puffer fish and eating the bad sea creatures. My main island is stacked with foods, materials and enough parts to make 4 motors and I have more gas for these motors than a night filled with mexican food (which is amazing!).I have two sheets of printer paper bound together with a very intricate map of the islands i have ventured to and their directions (thanks to my trusty giant blue compass!) which has proven to be very helpful in this game. When all the islands look the same from a distance, you need to keep track of them..In conclusion, I really enjoy this game. It's beautiful, it grips you and you really do feel like you have to survive.Once you have the main items needed to heal you in all areas, you can pretty much breathe easy. We all know this is early alpha, so this too will grow and change for the better. especially when there is an end game added to it.Very much worth the early purchase!."
76561198183858898,Recommended,313120,15858086,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Der Metzger,AWESOME GAMEEEEEE!!!!!!
76561198080207335,Recommended,313120,14861597,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Timtams,Life lesson learnt.DO NOT FIGHT GREAT WHITE SHARKS.
76561198037852928,Recommended,313120,14287158,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Built a spear.Saw a shark.Chased the shark.Swam out to sea.Followed shark underwater.Failed to kill shark. Surfaced.Couldn't see island.Shark came back with friends.Shark and Co. ate me.11/10 would chase shark again.
76561198104313035,Recommended,313120,14283954,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GAINZ LORD,its the forests brother but with less mutants but more sharks that arent dead on the beach
,Recommended,313120,14182058,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jonah Hill,"Overall good game. I mean yeah there are, a lot, of bugs. But they are minor, and can be easily fixed. As far as my first time playing....Day1- I found myself on a island all by myself. I cut down some trees, found some rocks, and made some tools. I quickly realized i needed to eat. So i ate some potatoes and crabs.Day2- Realized i had already used all my resources on my island after building a hut and making a life time supply of food. Decided to travel to a nearby island. Half way to the island on my life boat raft, the raft broke. Gone. Fml. Started swimming towards the island while being chased by 3 tiger sharks. Ended up killing one of them, god knows how, but i did.Day3- Swimming through the night i made it to the nearby island. Here, i found, my first friend. His name, Wilson, the volleyball. We did everything together, completely wiping that island of its resources. We made a raft and started back. Half way back again....the raft broke. I swim towards the island my house is on, wilson in my arms. I hear the music, and i know im ♥♥♥♥ed. 1 shark, 2 shark, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 9, 10, 11 ♥♥♥♥ing sharks. Most of them tiger sharks and a few great whites. I go bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy trying to kill them. While at the same time getting bit and swimming away. They followed me all the way back to the island....and then i realized...while fighting them i got turned around and was back at the 2nd island i wiped of resources. Stranded, with sharks surrounding the island, Wilson and i made a new.Day4- All my tools are broken now and all i have is the knife from the start. I'm starving, dehydrated, and poisoned by a sea urchin. I tell wilson that we are going to try one more time to make it back to the orginal island. I tell him it's not safe enough for us both to go and i don't want to lose him. I told him i would be come back for him. Swimming towards my island, i realize im not going to make it. I fight off one shark while i turn around to go back for wilson. I make it 10 yards away from the beach where wilson is waiting for me smiling. I can stand now, in the shallow water, i walk towards wilson, but right before i reach him, i pass out and die. Heartbroken. I cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥ for the next 2 games looking for him.10/10 would make love to wilson again"
,Recommended,313120,14269558,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lemon IX,"Spent 2 hours farming crabs/fish/coconuts.Went Sailing for a bit.Found a cool island to base on.Found a ship on that islandFell in a CLOSED hatch and could not escape.*Rage Quit*I'm a bit iffy on this game. In it's current state. I would rate a 5.5/10But this game has SOOOOOOO MUCH POTENTIAL. So I'm sure that number will change.So if you are not a fan of game breaking bugs, this game (in it's current state) is not for you.I still would recommend it because if you look behind the bugs, it is overall a fantastic game!Things I'd like to see be added :- Less Sharks- Bigger variation of Islands- Baracudas (or a fast type of killer fish)- Fix the bug where you fall out of your boat when you are just rafting and not moving"
,Recommended,313120,14130935,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Husky,"Stranded Deep is pretty much a Chuck Noland Simulator.10/10PS: Incase you didn't know Chuck Noland, he's a fedex guy on a plane who crashed on an island and survived for 4 years."
,Recommended,313120,14170772,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"Let me start off by saying, if you're really into survival games, then you'll love this. Right off the bat, the game pays homage to Cast Away. If you don't know what that is, it's a movie with Tom Hanks. Great movie, go watch it. It's on Netflix...That being said, this game is a lot like The Forest. A lot of people have made that connection already, but this game differs a lot in the fact that THIS game is pure survival. There is no end game & there are no crazy natives trying to kill & eat your face. Yet... The Devs have hinted that the final release may have you aiming at being rescued.As the game stands right now, it's pretty buggy. I'm not going to go into detail about the bugs, if you want to know what they are, just check the community page. Plenty of people crying about them. With that ALSO being said, let me throw out a BIG DISCLAIMER here for anyone reading this & thinking of buying this game... This game is EARLY ACCESS! Meaning it's at least in Alpha right now.  If you buy this expecting a flawless 100% title, you're going to be very VERY disappointed!This game is still under development & will be updated regularly by the Dev team who will be fixing bugs & glitches & adding new content to the game. Right now there really isn't a whole lot you can do in the game aside from just basic survival stuff. Gather food, build a shelter, search for Wilson (Cast Away reference) & scavange sunken ships. In fact the game in it's current state is kinda boring after a few hours, but the world is infinite. Procedurally generated everything lets you travel the sea forever! So no two islands are alike & there's always new ships & gear to be found & THAT'S what keeps people playing. This game has the 'I wonder' factor going for it.The graphics in this game is another one of its strong points. In fact, I'd say it's the back bone of the game. Everything set to max, even in the current build, the wolrd is just breath taking. One of the best looking games I've seen in a while.The game has a very akward crafting system that takes some getting used to. It's just so opposite to the crafting systems of so many other games, but not in a bad way. It helps to create the realistic feeling that you're really stranded on an island & NOT in a video game. Also there is no HUD. All the info you need to know is located on your wrist watch, adding to the realism & immersion of the overall game.All in all I'd give the current build of this game a 7-10. The bugs don't really bother me because I know it's early access, my lower score comes from the lack of overall things to do. Would like to point out though that the devs hinted at adding multiplayer in the future. So you could potentially end up surviving with a friend. Keep in mind they didn't confirm this, they were just answering a question someone asked by saying they liked to do that & that they have big plans for the game on down the road."
,Recommended,313120,14160792,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Crisp,"Good looking game, nice smooth gameplay. Crafting system seem interesting and i will enjoy watching how this game goes with future updates. Something i have found is while trying to row to another island halfway there my raft dissapears plunging me into the shark infested waters, not sure if it is a bug or if raft is bursting and/or ruined."
,Recommended,313120,14163803,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,NuPuttraDa,Best surviving game ever
,Recommended,313120,14142661,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Foo Fighter,This game is terrific even tho its in alfa and it just came out the consept is great and i would think this is better than the forest i cant wait for the game to grow over time!!
,Recommended,313120,14232807,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Katauni,"- - EARLY ACCESS REVIEW - -Current Early Access Rating: 9/10 (Shows major potential and is already a game you will remember)The Game At a Glance:Gameplay: As an early access, the game has a surprisingly low amount of bugs and glitches (though this may be due to the small amount of things within the actual game at the moment). While you are able to do little else then directly survive (cooking, exploring and building a very simple hut.) the game shows a surprising amount of potential, seen in it's uniquely beautiful yet terrifying moments.Graphics: Stunning. Using Unity, the same engine as the Forest (A highly recommended game), Stranded Deep is both beautiful and forgiving to those of us who have lesser gaming computers and laptops.Sound: The lack of music, except a few pangs when sharks are nearby, is both immersing and at times, regretful. A good score could really up the ante of the world SD has built.Playability: The game is very playable, with a interesting crafting system and procedurelly generated world. however, very little has actually been added in the way of gameplay.COMPLETE REVIEW:Stranded Deep begins with you being jolted awake from your nap aboard a private jet flying over the atlantic. After making yourself a tasty martini you return to your seat only to watch the emergancy door explode, leaving a gaping hole in the aircraft and eventually crashing it. After swimming out of the sinking plane you climb aboard the life raft and begin your journey into the merciless yet beautiful world of the uncharted isles of the Pacific.The first thing you will probably notice about Stranded Deep is it's beautiful world. From little sandbars to larger (but still laughably small) islands, from little wooden life boats sunk in the sand to huge container ships resting under 30 feet of water, SD had no shortage of fun and stunning moments. My first death was a result of my curiosity getting the better of me as I swam 20 feet down to a sunken Trapper and soon drowned whilst rumaging through a locker.Now, by noticing this first thing you'll certainly notice the second thing, sharks. The only tangible enemy of the game, the sharks will nudge and bump and even flip your raft over. Blood attracts them, noise attracts them, and they love to gang up against you like a band of orcas to a helpless seal. They are still simplistic in thier mindset, and while the will happily bite off your legs or back while your turned, the tend to run away scared when you swim after them with a sharp weapon. You'll know when sharks are near when a short burst of ominous music plays.As the game is in alpha, there isnt much to do yet. You can build fires, cook fish that you spear, eat coconuts, build a small hut, loot some odds and ends from ships. The game at the moment is a cycle of island hopping and exploring, but i expect it to be much more in the future.What i am personally excited for is Co-Op and multiplayer, as this game will be tons of fun to play with others. I'm also excited for the release of the mian map, whenever that will be, which will have large island as well as small ones, lots more wrecks and special places, and tons more to do. Also and endgame, which isnt in the game yet.All in all, the game is extremely simplistic right now, but it is going places without a doubt. If you have a spare 15 to cough up on a indie game, cough it up here.Ideas for the Creators:- Sea Caves- 18th century ships- make foundations combinable, especially rafts, so that we can create larger structires and even ""house boats""- dolphins :D- A Lost referance- More rocks. i mean hell, they are practically a luxury right now.- derelict boats that can be rebuilt possibly?"
76561198057153470,Recommended,313120,14245671,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SkeletalArse,"It has beautiful graphics, really smooth controls and a really cool crafting system.Only thing is, it has these problems that are really annoying, other than that it is perfect.Problem #1: Volume sliders don't work right now. It will probably be fixed, but right now my ears are bleeding from the raft motor sound effects...Problem #2: There are some shipwrecks on land that you can get stuck in, good thing i have parkour skills to get out, only takes about 10-15 minutes...Problem #3: Rain looks weird, and shouldn't make you blind, especially when you have goggles on. Update the textures for the rain, it doesn't fit with all the other beautiful things the game has to offer.That's about it, won't give it a real rating though, it is in Early Access. Can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,313120,14192759,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Pietje Piraat,"Just got it today, played for about 2,5 hours. Love to play survival games of all sorts.The one thing they should/must/hope they will not change is the way the crafting system works.No ready built blueprints, no map, no idea of what to mix. I have only been on the surface until now, got a nice cabin.(Hope they fix the bed placement... cannot be placed in your cabin).Took me quite some time to find out what and how everything works, but this game is definite keeper. Hope there will be a lot of updates to keep this game running and more interesting as it is now.10/10, really happy with this one! Now moving into the depths to see what lies beneath :)"
76561198162839731,Recommended,313120,14197610,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Amy Suzuka,I love this game. There are a lot of elements that remind me of the film Castaway which was released in 2000. Please implement weather effects such as rain because shelters would be more useful. Thanks for making this game! I have been waiting for a survival like the film Castaway as it was one of the most memorable films to date in my opinion.
76561198127298350,Recommended,313120,14186800,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,D Rose,"My first thoughts of the game is one of the best simulations ever, such a good game if you into open world survival crafting (not minecraft) and looking for a challenge."
76561198114229033,Recommended,313120,14197807,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tadasg,It's a amazing survival game with good graphics and interesting crafting system10/10
76561198004285551,Recommended,313120,14188667,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DaylightDemon,"first the tings i DONT like:the concept of very small very limited islands. i dont want to change the island every 5 minutes because i ran out of wood... i mean i built a little house and stuff and a bed and i dont actually want to leave all this for just another island. also what point is there in making a wooden raft when you just could use your starter- one.game to this point feels empty and nothing has real purpose or meaning to it. i could go on with island hopping, grinding crabs, grill them, collecting coconuts and eat them... the items you find in the wrecks either dont work (aka torch) or are pointless because they have no real purpose till now.if the developers read this: drop the small islands, make em bigger and add some wild life on the islands besides of crabs.also, make it possible to also collect stuff from the seaground, it feels empty like this. more variation on ""types"" of islands would be great too. plus, add a notbook where already crafted stuff is listed and for every new run you can look up what to collect or what to do first for a certain item.in general, make it more stuffed, more variable and more thrilling.oooh and plz make the day/night cycle shorter. one day really is too loongand cooking a bit shorter. its not long enough to do some exploring till the bell rings, and not short enough to wait for it. also when you are really hungry and havent prepared something, waiting can be a second hell... just experiment with like 1/3 shorter, would still be long enough...now the good stuff(aka things i like):the sounds are good until now, not real good, but good.visuals are really good, not much to improve here.crafting. cool once you came behind how it worksoverall health system. still i would like to have more insight on what really is going on with my character. sometimes it feels like he collabses out of nowhere...this game has sharks. cant say something bad about sharks. work in the AI though."
,Recommended,313120,14191631,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,NorthernSurge,"Well, all i can say isDay 1: collected wood and stones and began making smallish shackDay 2: finished shack and made raft, started collecting supplys to cross to other islandDay 3 (around dawn): Got everything needed to cross, started sailingDay 3 (Noon): My Bloody raft fliped! Well i'm screwed...in the end i swam to the island... same thing happend on the way back... i was not so lucky..."
,Recommended,313120,14938853,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[VTV] VersiOnline,Very Good GraphicsGood Physics.Good Gameplay.And this is  only 0.02 version. Omg?Awesome game! Thanks Devs.9.7 / 10
,Recommended,313120,25262720,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SpaceMonkeyMafia,"The colours are majestic, your life raft is squeaky clean with a hint of seagul poop.I decided that i should explore and see if i could catch some fishy fish fish only to realise i was dumb and didn't craft anything to fish with, but that didn't stop me! i was gonna catch that fishy and i was gonna beat nature!as i was diving in the sea i feel like i was being watched so i turned around and a pretty shark was looking at me.....FU i screamed and swimmed as fast can be but my fat poopshoot was trouble can't you see.short story some how i killed the shark and as i was bringing it back to my little hut got it glitched under my boat and started to fly everywhere..... i won mother nature, i killed your shark and can fly #winning"
,Recommended,313120,24250479,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Aeriane,"When I first purchased this game before all the updates that changed it drastically (custom maps, iron salvage, etc) the game had SUCH potential! I made a home, had a nice setup and found a nice island to call home, collected a giant supply of food and then did nothing. I'm not complaining about nothing to do in the game which is true, but I don't like the new changes made that for me ruined the game entirely. They should have focused on making more items, more exploration, more crafting, etc. I would recommend this game only for short-term basis just because the game really is interesting but in the end it seems the developers started on a promise and then got their money and bailed on us all."
,Recommended,313120,25101038,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,GIbear28,"I think if you added a coop to this like just so you and your friend can do this together , that would be an amazing game , start out on the plane together and everything"
76561198298449785,Recommended,313120,25354925,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MarcoDickason,"I loved the concept of Stranded Deep right away, prior to buying the game. Not that the concept is original by any means, survivial games are a dime a dozen. But what Stranded Deep seemed offer that other survival games do not is a a relaxing island setting WITHOUT the annoyance of wacky flesh eating monsters messing up the experience. (I'm looking at you, The Forest.)Plus, of course, I, like many people, have watched shows like ""I Shouldn't Be Alive"" and thought; ""What a bunch of dumb asses. I bet I could survive in the wilderness, no problem.""(I couldn't, of course. I'm well aware of that. But I like the idea of trying without the risk of actual dehydration and death.)Plus, Stranded Deep also seemed to offer the joys of exploration, emmersion, and a slow paced game style, which are qualities I've started finding very appealing as I tick over into my thirties. Giving and receiving large quantaties of bullets is just not what it used to be.So, does Stranded Deep offer all of the above, and live up to expectations? The answer is... sort of.In explaining my thoughts on the game, I would like to do so in the form of offering suggestions to the developers. Whether they actually read these reviews or not, I have no idea. But I'd like to pretend they do, just for the sake of this review.First, the game looks absolutely gorgeous, and has perhaps the best lighting I have ever seen in a game. At least, the game looks gorgeous if you stand still. Upon moving forward the trees, foliage, and distant ship wrecks pop into existence with such appaling blatanteness that the emmersion is slapped right out of my face at the speed of light. Developers; I understand the need to make a game able to run on all types of computers. But PLEASE, if I put the game to ultra settings, let the game take advantage of what my computer is capable of. Add a Level Of Detail graphics option. (The water looks absolutely stunning, though. Good job on that.)Second, if I am enjoying a relaxing night beside my campfire, marveling at how stunning the moonlight looks as it paints the foliage a dramatic silver, what I do not want is a swarm of bats above my head going SHRIEK SHRIEK SHRIEK, making my ears bleed. Perhaps island bats make this noise, I don't know, but regardless, for the love of God, make them softer, and use more then one short loop that pauses before repeating. SHRIEK SHRIEK SHRIEK!!! The God forsaken things stay there the ENTIRE NIGHT, and that you didn't think the sound would get annoying is crazy. Much of the other sound design is great, so I'm not sure why the bats seems so poorly done.Third, you had an excellent idea making sharks trigger the Jaws style music. It makes exploring sunken ships terrifying, and is perhaps one of the best aspects of the game. Snakes, however, seem like a massively missed oppertunity. May I suggest making them hiss long before the player actually sees them, drawing attention to their presence. Plus, make their bite extremely deadly, and very much worth avoiding. In this way, much as the sharks, the player will be terrified, wondering where the snake is, as appossed to going; ""Woah! Did something just happen? Why did I take damage?! Oh, is that a snake? Huh. it took one bar of health. Oh well."" Just a suggestion.Fourth; pressing the escape key should always, ALWAYS back me out of the menu I am currently in. Be it the graphics menu, audio menu, crafting menu, WHATEVER menu, the escape key should take me out of it. This is the very purpose of the escape key. My fingers have literally been trained to hit the escape key over twenty years of playing games. This lack of escape key functionality made the crafting system get annoying, among other things.There is more, which added to the annoyance of the interface. Let me explain. I want to make a few arrows. I have to press c, click into the correct menu, click on arrow, click on craft, click to make the arrow...on the floor.... click to pick the arrow up off the floor. One arrow. Press c to go back into crafting, click the correct menu, click on arrow, click craft, click to make the arrow...on the floor.... click to pick up the arrow off the floor... etc etc. Developers; are you counting the clicks? Are you counting how many clicks it takes to make five arrows...? Suggestion; press c, select the menu, double click on arrow. I have an arrow in my inventory, accompanied by a crafting sound effect. Done.And finally. It took me roughly two hours of fussing to figure out how to cook a fish. I had a fire, I had a fish, you would have thought the result of a cooked fish would be a simple one. It wasn't. Why did I struggle? Very simply because it did not occur to me skinning a fish would be possible ONLY with a knife, and nothing else. Will a machette work? No. A stone tool? No. Only a knife. Plus, did you guys purposfully make the skinning animation look like the character is committing Japanese style sepuku? Because it REALLY looks like that. Or perhaps like the guy has got tired of having a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥As a closing thought. If you have read this review and decided I hate the game, I really don't. I rather enjoy it, and feel that with a few tweaks Stranded Deep could be absolutely amazing. Good work, developers, I look forward to seeing how you turn this game into a classic."
76561198295501978,Recommended,313120,23963483,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jkinnear,"This game is really good, assuming you have a very, VERY powerful computer. lots of updates, instresting gameplay, and strange physics! also, if you have trouble picking up something, just click repeatedly while pausing the game in the order: clicking, pause, right after un-pausing, click alot, rinse and repeat."
76561198043166236,Recommended,313120,28432874,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tlaloc___,"I've owned this game for a while now, and while it's not finished yet there are many good things going for it. It looks great, the core gameplay is fun (if slightly repetitive), and there are relatively few bugs. Perhaps more importantly, the devs are responsive, and there have been definite and significant changes since I purchased the game.This game in its current state is unquestionably good for a few hours of fun, and I have high hopes for it as it moves forward."
,Recommended,313120,22872568,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Zapheiros,"There are many survival games out there... **but they all play differently**. Stranded Deep fills the niche of single player you vs environment in a tropical setting (Cast Away style). It's probably closest to The Forest (though still quite different), however I found as a solo player, Stranded Deep was less time consuming to construct a base (requires far less resources + you can many wood sticks at a time). Also I love that you can craft with only requiring resources to be around you.It's a very beautiful game and quite relaxing to play. I'm enjoying it quite a bit - only encountered one bug which I was able to fix by reloading the game (I think it was caused by me alt tabbing). There are a few clunky elements with crafting and the like – but the developers will be improving it.I recommend this game for people who have patience to wait for a EA game to develop + are happy to provide *suggestions* on ways the game can improve. Also the team is small - so while it's updated monthly (plus hotfixes), the amount of content seems smaller than most other games - so keep this in mind before purchasing. It's not worth the full price at this stage - so better to pick it up on a sale.If you do decide to pick it up, I recommend creating a new world with the generation seed of 80085 – it has a good starting island with a nearby large one you can start setting up your main base of operations."
76561198131091359,Recommended,313120,21817835,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,naapurinvelho,"Day four: Considering feeding myself to the sharks because I placed a wall on the wrong side.Seriously though, Stranded Deep seems like a pretty nice game.It's not completely bug-free, sure, and the targeting can be a little wonky, but the game is oddly comfortable. Do you remember being home alone as a kid? Kinda like that.As for the first line of this review, yeah, it would be nice if you could take things apart.I understand this could lead to stuff like, make axe -> use axe until almost out of durability -> take axe apart and repeat, but couldn't you whack down some things you've built and gain, say, half of the materials spent? This would open up the possibility of finding primitive shacks and taking them apart.I also think weather should play a bigger part in the game.Pretty comfy / 10"
76561198197735989,Recommended,313120,21822841,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,trevor larsen,"This game is fun, but gets old after about a month. I wish they would have ways you could get rescued, but you cant. I also hate that they removed the beggining cut-scene."
76561198061953753,Recommended,313120,17226442,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SirHappyBear,"finally decided to build myself a home on a nice island. When my house was almost done i spotted a shark near the coast, thought to myself ah why not try to kill it. Result me getting grabbed, shark takes to to the depths where i bleed to death.10/10 would attack a shark again"
,Recommended,313120,21944321,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PheonixWarrior,"Update review 26 April 2017 : Stranded Deep is a realistic game that required you to survive in a island after a plane crash. It has a big map that looks like a island in middle of pacific ( i guess ). I really recommend the game, but the update are very slow and you have to be patient. If you want to buy this game, i really recommend it."
76561198130072080,Recommended,313120,21948931,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,halobot3000,"This Game is the absolute Bomb I love to play it so much, Till you added better graphics... Now, I can not play it at all Still love the game though!"
76561198333501154,Not Recommended,313120,26640511,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Suicide is always an option,"Wait what ? This is a survival game???? I thought it was just fighting big sea creatures... Okay so lets start where they really started to ♥♥♥♥ up, it was around early 2016 a developer of the game  told us we will be updating the store page soon it's 2017 now and nothing has changed. Yeah ok a updated store page is not a big ♥♥♥♥ up but a small lie *whispers no mans sky* *cough *cough*,  ok to recap what they have done in over 2 years.2015:-Fixed raft disappearing in ocean.-Fixed saving issues.-Added reef sharks.-Added turtles (which they removed don't ask me why I have no clue).-Moved to unity 5 (waves, UI upgrade ect).So I thought the team was doing ok for it's price, it was extremely buggy which to me is not acceptable at all .2016:-Added cliffs birds snakes, wild boar (I think they added wild boar and snakes in 2016 ).-Added directx12 into it.-Fixed like 6 major bugs in a span on 8 months.2017.-Added new main menu .-Added more construction stuff such as flooring walls roofs instead of fixing major bugs.-Added ♥♥♥♥ing missions ...Overall 2015 was the best year they really cared about their game now they don't care.Ok we are all up to date now right? Ok lets get on the big thing that made me not recommend this game. I don't understand if the developer team wanted to make story mode or missions why could they not like do it like the forests story ? It's all just fighting mainly prehistoric creatures, I also have no idea why they don't spend one month on it then release it? They are just focusing on the story nothing else which hurts the content a lot.Over all at this point no it's not worth $14.99, if the developers do wake up it can be one of the best EA survival games. My closing words: Keep a eye on this one ."
,Recommended,313120,14830398,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shifty,This is a very fun game if you like survival adventure
76561197970103344,Recommended,313120,15650750,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DAD HAMMER,"I'm sure there is plenty in store for this game,what currently is available at this moment in time 02/05/2015 is very limited but incredibly well polished. I however find it very hard to play for more then 20 minutes before becoming completely bored, there is longevity to diving shipwrecks if you enjoy that sort of thing but it wears thin a bit quickly.Looking forward to future releases, but right now I cant say its worth £10, but if you support the 'idea' which I do, then I do suggest it."
76561198079496382,Recommended,313120,14149899,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SupMatto |K|,"This is how you do early access! From diving into the ocean to explore shipwrecks, battling Tiger sharks, and setting up your very own survival hut through the gathering of resources - this beautiful landscape set up by a series of small islands is a world you absolutely must explore."
,Recommended,313120,14129506,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cletus,Finally a survival games where humans isn't the real threat.
76561198030437712,Recommended,313120,15859434,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,IMeantToDoThat,"I've enjoyed this game.  So far I've tried building a base and bringing resources from other islands back to it (eventually got lost and died), and I've tried just carrying the necessities with me as I travel around, putting the treasures I leave behind in plain sight and marking explored islands with downed trees so I don't waste too much time revisiting (eaten by sharks).  The best tactic seems to be somewhere in between, staying on an island long enough to explore its neighbors, then moving on across the great unknown with the best haul you can manage."
,Recommended,313120,14687496,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Taco_Management,"This game is probably one of the best survival games I've played in a long time. This game brings a new aspect to adventure games, and really beats it out of the park. There are some bugs, but this game brings endless hours of gameplay. 9/10"
,Recommended,313120,14501112,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Spear,"Suggestion: Make it able to play online, or lan with friends.Why: Would be awesome to survive with your friends and play with them. Would make the game much better and I bet it would be more popular though more than 80% of the gamers like online games more, or just games there you can play with friends."
,Recommended,313120,14179840,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[1stRM] Hesse,"Its a wonderful game, but it is a bit buggy(Only 3 days out since this review,so of course there are bugs). It seems similar to The Forest but in a different setting. It is quite fun to play and I hope Multiplayer comes out soon!"
76561198168810284,Recommended,313120,19924263,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chadlawrence41185,"I Realy hope They fix this game it used to be amazing instead of adding things the have changed itI thought they would add things in future like birds, bow and arrows and more resources like more fruit evenfruit you could farm and herbs that you could craft medicine.the graphics are so glitchy now and the game is now realy demanding on my systemI love this game but I just dont know who it is anymore"
76561197993666152,Recommended,313120,23985926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Toad,Ok but needs content and a point to play ...
76561198080294663,Recommended,313120,24034718,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Killian Dodac,great game. but needs more updates. and perhapes community workshop avalibility. grathics are good. crafting needs so work. but over all a good game
76561198326871278,Recommended,313120,25406214,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,the punisher,Awesome but the islands should be biger so there can be more animals
76561197981762471,Recommended,313120,25505572,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Cyion,"I tried this game out after watching some youtube videos of people playing this game. It has provided many hours of fun. The graphics are fantastic and the crafting system is easy to learn or if you are stumped there are websites you can find help from. I find the game super relaxing, it feels like I'm on vacation with the beautiful sand, clear water, palm trees, and fishes.  There are intense moments to the game when you have to fight off sharks or dive deep to search sunken ships and you barely make it back up to the surface without drowning. The game keeps you busy with things you need to do in order to survive like crafting tools/weapons, building a shelter, building a solid raft, cooking food, finding supplies in shipwrecks, and hunting/scavenging.  You have to manage things like hunger, thirst, sleep, and your health. You become sick or injured and require medicine to recover.This in development game is worth buying since it is under 20 dollars, that is a fair price in my opinion.I keep coming back to it and playing it again so they are doing something right."
,Recommended,313120,21881521,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,MrEleven1181,Quite enjoyable little game this although it's pretty barebones the now but should be very good when finished
,Recommended,313120,21972779,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Liquid-Cooooo,"achievements dont seem to work... otherwise a great survival crafting game. i love diving, just wish there was underwater gear!!"
,Recommended,313120,23605568,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,FaptusCactus,Very awesome game! The shark music is so intimidating and makes me scared to get in the water when I hear it. :(
,Recommended,313120,19728212,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Shrek,"It's a great game with tons of potential. So far there isnt much to do but when its finished, i'm sure it will be great.The game looks and play great but the minimum specs need to be updated as soon as possible. I'm running it on the lowest settings on everything and 720p but still get around 30fps- with my i7-5500u 2.4 GHZ Dual core CPU and and nvidia geforce gt 820m graphics, as well as 8gb of ram. It's still a great game and fun to play, I personally would wait untill it's finished to play again, but so far i rate it 7/10."
76561198123303654,Recommended,313120,20119954,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ma nam iz JEFF ;;;/,this game is awesome you always will have what to do explore islands go found some shipwrecks explore them too it's funny and you can craft stuff like house or something.
76561198082327144,Recommended,313120,21833702,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,African house husband,cool surviving game really like it
76561198261718585,Recommended,313120,21929025,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sneaky Snek,"Like every other game, this one has it's pros and consPROS-realistic survival experience-realistic animals-realistic design-not very laggyCONS-cant really craft much-cant really scavenge much-little to no buildings-is now updated to be more boring by removing some stuff"
76561198126806819,Recommended,313120,23100948,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jabba The Cunt,One of the best open world survival games i have ever played 10/10!
,Recommended,313120,20108982,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Britannvs,"Before buying the game, keep in mind it is still in EARLY ACCESS!!Once that is out of the way, Stranded Deep is a survival game in which you find yourself abandonded on an island with nothing but a raft, a paddle, a lighter and a pocket knife. You will have to gather resources such as wood, lachings, stone and food and water to survive. At the moment, that I am aware of, there really is much more to be done on this game; so if you don't lik slow-paced survival games with no real danger factor probs best if you staw away from Stranded Deep for now.Personally a 5/7.Melvininvs!"
76561198119126943,Recommended,313120,20123092,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Randmfrogman,[7/10] It is a good game!! I have spent hours playing it!Bought game.Played Intro.Spawned in raft 20 feet from an island.Immeadately jumped out of raft into water.Swam away from islands into deep ocean.Got eaten by great white shark.Was awesome! And the graphics are absolutely beautiful!![Update as of 11/27/16]WOW! They just turned it into gold.
76561198068749781,Recommended,313120,23116852,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LVol,This game is good but its really laggy on laptops even on laptop mode on the setting but still its a really good game. Only get it if you have a computer.
76561198187995986,Recommended,313120,23271708,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,rlorenz1965,"okay so here goes... after several times restarting my adventure, only because I didn't like the island, or the way I was progressing,  I think I have finally figured out how to get along, all alone out here in the pacific.  island hoping and scavaging and crafting, trying to stay alive has never been so much fun.  There is still a lot I still have to learn.  Watching others play this on You Tube has been a very big help!,  I recently just learned that I can pick up and drag things.  Where are the instructions on what button does what.  figuring out how to boil water, or just trying to find two buckets.   I still haven't learned how to cook food yet,  i've been eating fruits and coconuts to survive.I am having some real fun here.  Highly recommend this game."
76561198155360170,Recommended,313120,23518000,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pontiff Sulyvahn,Three days in stranded deep feels longer than three days in real life. I dont know if that says more about the game or me.
76561198130055653,Not Recommended,313120,17934782,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,duck,it worked for about 2 weeks then it would not load the menu screen :(
76561198131082936,Recommended,313120,20095253,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,LibelousNewt,"This game is a bit hard to learn at first, however, it has a very unique enviroment and is very enjoyable! A little buggy here and there, but hey, its still being developed!"
,Recommended,313120,20110620,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xXX_MaHm0uD_XXx,Absolutely love this game. Really good buy. Here are the pros and consProsBeautiful GraphicsFun to playEasy to master the controls/ main aspects of the gameFun open world. The game includes multiple islands and shipwrecks for you to discover and explore.Easy to use crafting interface.CONSNot sure if the achievements work.Your health/ food level is quite hard to find (It's on your watch i think)OVERALL i really recommend this game. 10/10 would get chased by sharks round an island again
76561198023859494,Recommended,313120,28919426,Posted: 1 January,all,PontiusJudas,I like this game overall. Though it gets repetative after 10 hours or so. The concept is need with beautiful graphics. I hope they expand on this game a little bit more!
76561198073071533,Not Recommended,313120,32874261,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir Harksalot,"""We hope to have it complete by the end of 2015! ""Only on version 0.3"
,Recommended,313120,14851590,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Brutus,"Great graphics,Great game play!Great ragdoll!i would pay around 40£ totaly worth it!"
,Recommended,313120,14207496,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mirror|rorriM,"This is an amazing game with amazing potential. I can't wait to see what the future updates will bring.The keyword in this review is ""POTENTIAL"". It needs some sort of threat on land (and bigger islands) or it doesn't really stand a chance. If the developers can't give the player something more to do, a reason to keep playing, this game will die."
,Recommended,313120,14216408,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dogman Jones,Epic. Buy it. As it is right now (0.01 H1) it's already worth $15. GO. BUY. SURVIVE.
76561198178888643,Recommended,313120,19624933,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,soulessendeavor,"I have had this since the beginning. I put it down for a bit until alot of updates were coming out, and that time has come. The game is very versatile in how it runs, and is a fantastic survival game in the works."
76561197991555459,Recommended,313120,24858486,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,soner,"mixed feelings about this game,i will however recommend the game due to the entertainment considering its still in early acces.but it tends to get boring after a few hours and all you do is gathering materials and expanding your house.. needs more content, i am looking forward to the multiplayer, but still, i feel like there isnt any endgame in this. but still somewhat entertaining, i have had fun with the map creator,"
76561198225198320,Recommended,313120,24240900,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kinisha,"This game is very good. The graphics are lovely, the mechanics are O.K., and there are a few fun bugs to mess around with. If i were to complain about one thing, it would be the food system. it's akward and complicated but other than that I give it a thumbs up."
76561198164102590,Recommended,313120,18781386,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Billy_Joe_Joe,best game ever i love it so much i play it every day for 2 hours my total game time is 12 days its soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111
76561198065704828,Recommended,313120,20459624,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,rcookman,Awesome idea and its getting closer to being amazing!  Just remember its early access so its not perfect.  Just wish there were more frequent updates.
,Recommended,313120,21703345,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Undecident,"(This contains a non-serious and serious review)Non Serious Review:>Starts Game>Rows to island>Get resources>Makes a new raft>Finds underwater bomber>Swim up for air>SHARK IN MY FACE>I Swam away like a ♥♥♥♥♥> Didn't die thoughSerious ReviewStranded Deep is an Open World, Procedurally generated, First Person Survival game (2 FPS, loominarty confirm).The game references, and can be compared, to the the move ""Castaway"".With a similar setting, you must survive in the pacific. Luckily resources wash up on shore and wreckages provide useful items. After gaining basic supplies you must then try and survive, food and water in particular.The game is in early access so there aren't many things to worry about, that is the only real enemies are sharks. Sharks may seem scary and will scare the crap out of you from time to time and can kill you if you are unaware of them, smacking them with a stone axe tends to send them running.A lot of things are yet to and need to be added and fixed. The only 'bad' thing about the game is the animations, I won't put it softy; they aren't the best but they are very much playable. So don't be deterred by it.The game overall plays very well, as much as I haven't racked up an insane or large amount of hours, I would strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a good open world survival game, although a large amount of terrain is ocean.7.25/10 - I would like to see where this game goes in the future and in updates. >Would Recommend<"
76561198032300371,Recommended,313120,21889830,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,inamp,"The game is pretty good, but the walking sounds are sooooooooo ******* annoying and loud and there is no way to turn them off. Please delelopers, put an option to turn that damn walking sounds off (or any sound made by the player for that matter)"
76561198286601660,Recommended,313120,21913979,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Phoenix_PuG,It is a great game for people who like suvival type games. it has lots of things for u to set goals on and  it has lots of cool things in it to I do reccomend the game.
76561198180719610,Recommended,313120,28087548,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,henrywcrook,"just updated and now every 10 min the game freezes up, restarts, then when i bring the menu up again it says new game, doesnt save"
,Not Recommended,313120,17784308,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,zeloft,"So Stranded Deep is basically Castaway the video game. It's got a great concept, a cool crafting system, but is really weak in a lot of other ways. The biggest problem is that there's not really anything to do. You can build a base and cook some food, but once that's done, that's basically it. Once they add more content, I think it'll be great, but for now I don't suggest buying it and expecting to get a ton of playability.6/10"
76561198045607508,Recommended,313120,20450483,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ouiaboo,"if you're going to make a game about being stuck on a tropical island with nothing but Castaway refrences and sharks for company, then you do it like thisalthough its certainly, the more boring of survial games, its cetainly got some depth to it.mind the pun"
,Not Recommended,313120,17735977,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sgt.SelfHarm,"I really tried to love this game I seen the amount of positive reviews and I just wish I payed more attention to the playtimes. This game at its current state I cant even see as ""playable"" there is next to nothing to do. Islands are so far apart that you pretty much have to be nomadic to have remotely any enjoyment at all. And even then the game runs out of content in a few hours building bases takes forever and islands lack variety. That being said though there is slight differences as some will have shipwrecks others wont, but there is no real variation in size distance to another island type of terrain or anything in that field. The survival mechanics could use some work too. They're always the same go to island, find crab, kill crab, eat crab. However the graphics are on point and i'd like to see more survival games with this graphic quality.  I conclude by saying I cant recommend this game to anybody for its asking price i've gotten more content from indie games for a dollar.UPDATE:Since I posted this review updates to the game have become more consistant and I have opted to play on the ""expiramental"" branch which i have seen noticable chance on, including new UI implementations as well as new craftables new structures and new matierials as well as custom islands and atolls. All in all it's improving and ill be watching it more closely. Any update now and I might be changing this to a recommended game!"
,Recommended,313120,30692061,Posted: 23 March,all,priviilege,I love this game but when is the multiplayer coming. I need to play this with friends!
76561198003436042,Not Recommended,313120,17546720,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,META,"It's been awhile and there isn't any new content.Highly suggest to potential buyers to WAIT until this game has been fully developed with new content before purchasing.Truly a promising game but compared to others games, like ARK, there has been 0 new content added since its been out."
,Not Recommended,313120,17511287,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Hells Guardian,not enough content
76561198118931727,Recommended,313120,14431674,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,6hailmargaritas,"I am a fan of open world sand box type games and at first glance it seems challenging but once you spend a few hours on it you get the hang and then things get a bit samey. I know its on Alpha, but it really needs a lot more substance. I have found you can survive quite easily with just a knife, paddle and your liferaft and keep moving. Life only becomes difficult if you camp as resources can run out very quickly. Illness and injury left untreated sees your hunger and thirst drop rapidly so save regularly and restart if you get injured, sick cause vitamins etc can be hard to come by. I have found if you are healthy you can live on two to three coconuts a day in game. You dont even have to worry about boiling sea water. The abundance of wrecks is pretty repetetive and dull, but the environments look great. It plays and looks like Far Cry, which is a good thing. A survival version of Far Cry would be awesome. It needs a lot of work to have any long term interest for gamers. More animals, NPC's, larger variety of islands, plants, and a lot more interaction with the environment. Im not giving up on the game cause it has great potential."
,Recommended,313120,35131641,Posted: 22 September,all,MrRaign,I don't know why the bad reviews. This game is fun and chill to play. I hope some kind of multiplayer will come out so you can survive together with steam friends
,Recommended,313120,15885222,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,EQ | Amethyst,"This. Game.Stranded Deep is an open-world survival game set in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. You play as a man who has just survived a plane crash, equipped with water, a lighter, a knife, and a life raft with a paddle.THE OBJECTIVE:The point of the game is to survive. Seems simple enough right? Take into consideration the dangers in this world. You have sharks, which most of them attack you (Word to the wise: If you see a great white shark, run). There are also poisonous fish and plants, which will poison you if you even touch them. You also have a hunger and thirst bar, which you can see by switching menus on the watch. You have to keep these up by eating cooked food, otherwise you can and will die. And if you run out of supplies on your first island? Prepare for the voyage to the next.PROS:-Amazing graphics, even at minimum graphics settings.-Surreal gameplay-Simple crafting systems-Realistic dangers-Sharks-Easter Eggs!-Frequent updates and hotfixes. The developers are very much inclined to their customers.CONS:-You will, eventually, run out of things to do in this game. The same can be said of many other games, however, and if you start over, you will always get a different set of islands to explore-As with most early access games, it is quite buggy. I'm excited to see the final result of this game, because once most of the bugs are polished out, this game will be a masterpiece!-Most items you need to survive are very rare and can only be found in plane wrecks or ship wrecks. This does add an interesting concept to the game, but new players may find the task of diving in dangerous waters daunting.CONCLUSION:This is an amazing game! After playing for a few hours, I forgot the game was in early access! It is a great game, and although it has its bugs, it is worth the money.I rate this game 9/10, due to it's somewhat lack of replayability.Do I recommend this game? ABSOLUTELY!"
,Recommended,313120,25292446,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Fella,Brill early access game. Lots of potential. Great looking game
,Recommended,313120,19596732,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,✪ f1. csgoroll.com,i have cancer and autism - game sucks if u have a laptop 10/10 - gni
,Not Recommended,313120,20266752,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Febel,"I really love the idea of surviving on desert Islands, chopping down palm trees and scavenging driftwood to make shelter and tools, and diving into the black depths of the ocean to scavenge in shipwrecks, etc. And this game should offer all that but at the moment there's really just...not much to do. You build a house, you kill crabs and grab coconuts to not starve to death, and maybe you dive down into wrecks to gather *surprise* another hatchet and machete. Of which you already have a dozen. It's a decent game for a while, and there's certainly a huge amount of potential but gameplay is just too anemic at the moment to offer much in the way of replay value or extended play times."
76561198265206955,Not Recommended,313120,19737440,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Olivier,The new version 0.07 is not a better version of the game it is the worst version since the begining with the new crafting systeme that is too easy to learn and use. I hope that they will bring back the stuff they remove (crabs for exemple) and the abilities you had like cut palm and the old crafting systeme
,Not Recommended,313120,20140460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Korvx,"Early access review:I would suggest holding off from purchasing this game until released.Still very little to do in the game. Crafting is limited and every island feels the same, so gets pretty boring fast.The visuals however are amazing, it's what got me hooked in the first place. The intro and setup is great, game has a lot of potential.I will redo my review when game has been released but bottom line is: crafting needs a lot of work and they need to push out some co op asap!"
76561198159057530,Recommended,313120,19728852,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Aera,"After the last update, I was impressed by the game´s graphical features.I followed partly the games updates and development and I can say that the game looks better than the recent screenshots. The performance is really good and also on the graphical effects it´s recognizable that a lot of work was put into this game.Also gameplay changed - In a good way:The islands got bigger, there are more objects to interact with, more models and textures and an improved crafting system.I have to add that after the last update the interface aand theme changed, what took the Cast-Away feeling which was perfect in my opinion.Definitly worth it´s price."
76561198095547676,Not Recommended,313120,18337723,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BananaMonday,MAC USERS BEWARE!!!Don't purchase this game to play on Mac!!!It's not compatible and can't be played!Steam Support can't do anything! This game sucks!
76561198007663397,Not Recommended,313120,18319614,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mr.Peanutz,Until mundane gameplay features are fixed like the always annoying floating campfire that doesn't cook after 5 minutes or the horrific building system that was somehow was revamped and somehow became worse. The amount of new content and planned content is fabulous and the graphics are beautiful but none can be enjoyed due to game breaking glitches in the first 60 seconds of gameplay. The experimental build is so much worse glitch wise. As of now and until the simplest things are fixed I cannot advocate spending hard earned money on this very disappointing title. So disappointing for such a promising game.
76561198001562104,Recommended,313120,23098385,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,cgh,"Overall Review: 8/10Early Access Game still under dev: 10/10Well done!I would have been satisfied with game as it is now, so cant wait to see it dev. even further!"
,Recommended,313120,23197874,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Potato,"cool game, only problem is that the achievements are broken and all are unobtainable"
76561198044737690,Recommended,313120,18738221,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Z.,"overall a vastly fun game.  There's so much potential here it will make your brain hurt with hopes and dreams of different content you would like to see.  The graphics are beautiful.  The fear-inspiring vibe is intense (especially in open water while sharks are around).  the crafting system is efficient and easy, so far.  This being my first ""easy access"" game I cant deny the nagging feeling that it may not develope as quick as i want.  With the talk of all the upcoming content, I'm so excited i cant stand it.  even now, Ive spent hrs and hrs exploring and building simple but huge hut palaces, gathering every potential resource i can carry even if it takes a dozen trips to an island or islands miles away.  The other reviews aren't wrong when they say you will run out of things to do within a few hours, but the things that are available are very fun.  And the hope of more is always there, stinging, and i find myself imagining all the different and wonderful concepts that could be implemented while I row to that distant speck of an island...  the game is worth the money as long as they keep adding content in a timely manner.  In a nutshell, if you like building simple huts, spear-fishing, shark-killing, and exploring sea wrecks, buy the game now.  If not, make sure you keep checking in on the game because the potential here is massive."
76561198070477747,Recommended,313120,18902818,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Simplechoices,"This game is dear to me.  I spent many hours early last year bobbing in the water.  There is so much in the fabric, that moves me.  Head out fresh to explore islands, just to be cold and caught in a storm.  Fending off sharks while diving for that motor part you need.  Hoarding coconuts and dragging a shark onto the beach for a feast!  Saying goodbye to home.  Your game is a brilliant idea.  Not just in game mechanics, but in the simplicity and minimalistic style.  It suits the theme.  For what you have accoplished to this point, it is well worth the $15.  Cheers fellas!!  you've done a SMASHING job!"
76561198142870520,Recommended,313120,17089073,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,hopelesness9,This game is a great game and the graphics are amazing. i like the fact that its a infinite world and you can craft things. However i think the crafting can get confusing. I think the developers should add a coop to make a wider audience but otherwise i would recommend it.
76561198136313927,Recommended,313120,18997751,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,randomcat43,"I really like this game. I think that the intro is just great and the way the game is set up is awesome. It is worth the money and is such a good survival experience. If you like the survival video game genre, then this is a must have for you."
,Recommended,313120,19662872,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Error:NoName,"Originally I liked it but grew bored, and i thought the creators had abandoned it, but with the huge update that just came out i Would very much now recommend this! Way more to do overall better sytem, more inventory space, much muh better!"
,Recommended,313120,17164682,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ZigabanchSqueed,"Stranded deep aka Tom Hanks simulator. Your plane explodes while flying over an ocean what do you do? Drink a flaming martini duh. Make a fire, Make a house, Make a hammer, Make a spear, Make a bed. Above water looks pretty nice but under the water is where its at...just dont drown. survive of shipwrecks which are more common than islands. Lands sharks exsist as well but you'll probably die by coconut concusions more often.8/10 wilsons"
76561198190957043,Recommended,313120,19722723,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SpinFire,"This is overall so far the best game out for straight survival aspects, which me personally & im sure many others been dying to play and love the aspects of a Tru Survival Simulator instead of zombies and etc. Although I wish there where either more settings features for lowerend pc's so we can get better fps, although it is early alpha. On gameplay though its great i just wish they bring back Where all trees are choppable instead of just the small ones as the current state, we also need a bigger crafting system/items since truely survival is all about crafting with the environment, as of now though it can due just wish i could get better fps with my lowerend pc, which lower setting features & more, also Optimizations would help, other than all that this game is great"
76561198087242336,Recommended,313120,26128768,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,josephrawe,"I absolutely love this game. It's a little slow and boring at first but once you get going it can be a lot of fun. I love that there is no story mode or real intense violence per say. The most terrifying part of this game is getting face to face with a tiger shark and trying to kill it, which is awesome btw! I really enjoy playing this; it's simple, kind of slow, and really is just impressive. I'm not sure how anyone could rate this negatively unless they're just an idiot who doesn't understand it. It's not meant to be a fast paced, high action sort of game but rather man versus nature in the ultimate survival. Trying to prevent himself from getting worn down from the simplest things we take for granted. I wish they would add a few features (or make them more common if they're already in there) like storms having a bigger effect and the nature around you being tougher on your character and more importantly your equipment, but I won't really complain honestly. THIS IS A GREAT GAME."
76561198153981357,Recommended,313120,20359001,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,xer0one0,"For my 2 cents, I just bought the game yesterday and am really enjoying it. True I didn't play .04 but back in the summer I watched many hours of genericB gameplay on YT and basically knew the game as good as any actual player. I understand all the nuanced differences between then and now. I wanted to play back then but other games got in the way and only now did I find myself with the time and the yearning for it again.I heard about the update and came here to see the reviews and boy was I soured from them. It didn't sound good and I was feeling a bit sad that I may have missed my window of fun. So I searched YT for some recent play and was immediately amazed at the graphics and wave action. I saw the new crafting menu everyone was talking about, the fact motors and rafts aren't yet available and that the map world was different. No big deal, especially when reading the developer reasoning for the new crafting was more long term and big picture. I also noticed an increase in carry slots probably to offset so many new building materials which is very cool. Knowing all of this I took the plunge :)I have to say I'm really enjoyed myself and all my worries based on the new/changed reviews were not founded. I only have about 4 hours in it so far but I'm getting the exact experience I always wanted out of playing Stranded Deep. I'm excited to know that I'll be going through waves of new updates as old items and new abilities are added. It's like experiencing the old game from a limited first perspective all over again. I can see how it may be tough on people to have some things not available after you've played with them for many hours, especially the rafts/motors, but for a first timer I haven't missed them. There's plenty to do while those are being added and when they are, man is it going to be a fun present. I mean, at the end of the day, it's a $15 game. If you are like me, and considering buying this game but unsure due to all the recent saltiness, trust me when I say there is plenty to do and enjoy for a first timer even if you know what isn't available yet. And knowing it's only going to get better will be all the sweeter for your own personal experience."
,Not Recommended,313120,19749086,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dente,"It seems to be abondoned by the developers, been almost an year since the release and nothing seems to work right, you can fly on a piece of contaienr wall, you cannot construct a proper hut (it's impossible to place the walls the way you want to), palm trees are named palm_002 and cannot be chopped down anymore, you can only craft a few diferent items, decoration and farming tabs are all empty and for the entire game it looks like you are a piece of flying crude axe with no body nor shadows.Sunset is beautiful though. 1/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,20050936,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Riddler,"Played for a little bit, couldn't get into it. It has a fine premise, but everything just looks the same and very uninteresting. Crafting had many issues, not enough danger."
76561198223141756,Not Recommended,313120,20388720,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,sendoutemails,"Before I purchased this game I watched a lot of the youtube videos and thought it looked great. However while playing this game I got vertigo when I was rowing to the islands. I now can't play this game because this reason.If you suffer from vertigo or headaches, then I suggest playing on a friends machine before buying."
,Not Recommended,313120,23871551,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JackknifedJuggernaut,"I was super stoked on this game, and I even feel like I left a positive review a while back. Unfortunately, it's almost never updated and the updates don't generally add much. It's a really beautiful game, but it needs a lot of work, and I get the feeling that there's no work being done on it. Save your money."
76561198079377854,Not Recommended,313120,33072820,Posted: 1 July,all,Ewa463,"I would almost recomend this game although it is lacking gameplay and things to do. So yeah, you really have to try enjoy the game to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,313120,20813059,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Pablo Grass Destroyer of Ass,"They took a lot of the features I liked about this game out. There's not much vegitation on the game anymore and they took out the paddleing feature so now you just press ""w"" and it makes a paddling noise. I then decided I'll try to see what the sharks are like now, I waded in the water for a good 10 mins and not one single shark came after me... I don't get it. Haven't they ever heard the saying if it aint broke don't fix it?"
76561198079471283,Recommended,313120,30018286,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr. Wurmhat,For early access and being under 20 bucks. this game is dope
,Not Recommended,313120,28896970,Posted: 1 January,all,ThommyGunz,"Overview:Boring. Although active devs. A game to watch for when it leaves Early Access for sure. But until then I wouldn't recommend it as there is essientally no end game. No actual goal, except suriving. Which is good as thats what the game is about overall but its repetitive. I've only played two hours and can already see that its boring and will be for a while.CONS:- Ultimately, boring.- No end game as of such, yet.- Extremely repetitive, you will find yourself having to craft the same thing over and over. Let alone the liferaft grind to other islands for materials.- Bugs/glitches (sharks noclip the islands etc), early access so bugs are expected.- Sh*t opening storyline, a plane crash is so cliche!- There is no hook. I don't feel like i want to play anymore than i already have. Nothing there luring me in for more.- Boring exploration. Majority of the islands churn out the same c*ap loot/materials. And they all look the same!- Dev Console command. Its a backslash, which sucks if you have a US keyboard.PROS:- Active devs, at least an update every single month.- Map Editor!- Good optimisation compared to other EA titles i've played.- Good crafting- Realistic survival instincts.- Dev console. Although its binded to an idiotic key, its there. And works which is what counts.- Has the potential to be something good and awesome, for sure.Recommendation? No. (see overview)"
,Recommended,313120,25858827,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,XxXxKillerXSwagXxXx69,"Message to the people who didnt reccomend because there is nothing to do: watch movies shows or read books on island survivors and see what they do. if you want a manVman or manVunknown survival game play rust or ark this game is a manVnature game there is no aliens, no zombies, and no demons or robots this game is quite literally throwing everything natures got at you so i dont think they understand"
76561197993731385,Recommended,313120,22649299,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,WOOTerson,"Great little game, but can be a bit buggy.  My kids love watching me play this game, but get very afraid when I dive deep.  They think sharks will just kill me instantly.  They also keep asking me to find an AK47...I think they just want guns here.  Looking forward for future development, but as it stands its fun little time killer."
,Recommended,313120,18223926,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,☢ IamUSER ☢,"Still one of the best free roaming survival sims I have played. The simple beauty of the islands, the treacherous depths, and the casual yet urgent situation you're cast into, all very well designed. Sometimes you never want to be rescued.The game should be expanded on as it is still very simple un unpolished, however it could be the beginning of a new franchise if propperly completed. I remcommend the game to anyone who is into solitary adventure games and survival sims. I hope to see greater complexity of the craftable tools, shelters, and boats and a greater variety of wild food, birds, snakes, turtles, and other dangerous things like rock fish and spiny urchins.The more there is to do, the more people will become STRANDED..."
,Not Recommended,313120,24488745,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Woogie101,"I got this game after watching many videos on youtube of splatter cat playing in on when it first released... I just gotta say, the updates... Ruined it but made it better too...When splattercat played, to craft you dropped items on the ground and then it would highlight it and show what you could craft with those materials (multiple items would all be highlighted, allowing for massive storage) however this ment the only way to find out how to craft something, was so look it up on a wiki or just guess... So in an update they changed it where you press C and a yellow circle appears around you... Limited your storage space because if all your materials aren't in you inventory or close to you within the circle, it wont show it for crafting, how ever this did pop a menu too allowing for you to know what materials you need to craft what.An actual good update: the developers made islands closer, allowing people to save much timeA bad update: compared to the islands seen in Splatter Cats video's, the islands dont look as dence in vegatation, which i understand but now the islands dont look as good anymore....A horrid uncomplete update: the devs decided to add snakes and boars to islands, good but they made snakes invincible, so until i knew snakes were in the game i was damaged randomly and was confused till i found out it was a snake, so i chased it, stabbing it and shooting arrows thinking it would die... Saddly i died and then found out you cant kill them.... And the boars dont even drop meat... Just a random body you have layin around (UPDATE) the devs made snakes and boars killable and drop meat. I still leave a negative for this update since they should of done this before even releasing the snakes and boars...Coconuts have been severly reduced... Harder to get water unless you go to another islans early in the game and get 2 more tarps to make 2 more water collecters...A ok update: DRIFTWOOD LOGS... Great, i was really excited until i found out the following:1.When using it to build, it looks ugly and doesnt match normal stick builds...2. It doesnt respawn so is it really driftwood?3. Not counted as a normal stick in crafting....4. Basicly useless... Only good for firewood i recommend"
76561198127146419,Recommended,313120,17013818,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,I throw rocks at fat chicks,"This game is super realistic and the graphics are oddly very very niceThey have tides,rain,weather effectsThe game can get a little boring when your paddling and paddling but finding shipwrecks and building your house is fun.Also they will be adding lots of new things and its only in the works I would totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,313120,17033247,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,shotya23,this game has brought me so many hours of fun and then i found wilson!!!! even more fun lol and this game has some thing to fix but as of right now its perfect.
,Recommended,313120,14191809,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,sk3ptik,"It will definitely cure your selachophobia, guaranteed!Unless you get the disappearing raft bug in the middle of the ocean surrounded by 3 Great Whites!!... That'll ♥♥♥♥ you up."
,Recommended,313120,17192692,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,GuShark,Good game
,Not Recommended,313120,18237538,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,GodsDaddy,"No updates, no replayability, no objectives, no variety, no fun.."
76561198113991826,Recommended,313120,29286493,Posted: 15 January,all,Tobio,this is tbh a really fun game to play once you get the hang of it.
76561198087720102,Recommended,313120,19718085,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Nikos,"I enjoyed this game when it first launched, and I like the direction they've gone with the game. However, I do have some critiques.-Footstep sounds are way too heavy and overpowers the rest of the sound almost obnoxiously. Also, the sound of the footsteps doesn't match up with the actual visuals.-Ocean mechanics when rafting are almost nauseating. I don't want to have to go to other islands, because of how disorienting they can be.-Game crashes/Doesn't pop back up after I alt-tab. This happens on both one monitor and two, on all settings. This is annoying.-Some ships have spawned on top of rocks, which makes it nigh impossible to get inside, since it's stuck halfway through the ship.Overall, aside from those minor issues, I have nothing to complain about, and would recommend the game, since it is in Early Access. Fix those problems, and I would highly recommend this game"
76561198085738645,Recommended,313120,18321455,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,god is real and he loves us all,"Never playing experimental version again; Extreme phobia of sharks, and the mystery of the ocean.Got knocked off boat, made me scream while playing late at night, my parents hate me now.10/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,24505702,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"So.... they fix the bugs.... what bugs?To me, it seems like they've actually made NEW bugs to screw the game.... I can't use any item and the lack of any updates that do anything really just adds to the middle finger the devs are giving us....DON'T BUY THIS GARBAGE!"
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,313120,18620009,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RedRock3t82,This game is dead...the end.
76561198014296523,Not Recommended,313120,19204091,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Joe,Check out the average play hours from the Gaming community and it will explain itself. Gets boring very quickly and the content is slow to release.....
76561198131966905,Not Recommended,313120,27648171,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JESUS IS COOL.,"Honest Verdict : 4/10I played the early access game when it first came out, the crafting was siimple, easy and quite ergonomic if i dont say!This however, is a shambles, the developers have made it more complicated then needn't be. This a huge disappointment for game that had huge potetntial."
,Recommended,313120,32007986,Posted: 27 May,all,Kitten,ide love to see this in multi player.  Still a good game!
,Not Recommended,313120,32874325,Posted: 27 June,all,Ryan,"This game is so early access its very painful- no sound except for your foodsteps and the ""breathing"" of a shark- no wind sound, no water sound, no diving sound, no animal sounds(brids)- the graphics are poor (played on ultra)- if you paddle, it gonna clip thru the raft (staring raft)- animations are not so goodafter all it isn't worth playing, I played about 1/2h and was♥♥♥♥♥♥ed by the immersion killing situationhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=957416229"
,Recommended,313120,14546900,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,nintendon cartridge,"Great game! I've spent ages, in various different worlds, exploring and constructing! Hours of fun."
,Recommended,313120,14247011,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Golden Ninja,Still needs a lot of content... But is still fun.
76561198079408808,Recommended,313120,14416420,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,EliteTomato,"Awesome game!I never get tired when i play it. And the whole idea of this game is cool.But there is some bugs that are pretty annoying, for example: When i try to build bed, i have everything i need in a pile, but only option it gives is foundation :/, i tried for maybe 20 minutes to build a bed, but it never gave me the option to build a bed. Assuming that there actually is a bed, i read it from wikia that there is a bed and how to build it.So please, make building things easier!"
,Recommended,313120,14143879,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Terrance McVicker,Ok Fresh off the plane not knowing what to do so I paddle to an island and I find the basic items needed for an axe once I have said axe I procede to smash crabs till my heart is content I picked up about 10 crabs and off I sailed on my little yellow raft until I see the water moving around something that looked like a post but turns out it was the mast of a sunken ship so I jump off my raft it flips my crabs sink my paddle sinks my heart sinks but I thought no I'm not giving up now so I swim down to the sunken ship confident I will find a spear gun or something to keep me going... what I find filled me with rage.. 1 bucket and 1 lighter of which I already had. I ended up drowing myself and starting again. all in all I had an amazing experience the water the islands the trees are great to look at I found my self climbing trees all the time to see what was next 10/10 would kill more crabs I recommend this game :)
76561198099452369,Recommended,313120,14326769,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Polygon,"If you liked the naked noob-hating, trolling, undefeatable fauna and WAY too many empty houses from Rust, this game isn't for you. This game is actually very fun. This game, originally called Malaysia AIrlines Simulator, is a spin-off of the popular franchise ""FarSky"", in which the player falls into the water and swims around a bunch. Unfortunately, Bethesda game studios filed a lawsuit, saying the game's name was too much like ""Skyrim"", and so the name was changed from ""FarSky"" to ""FarCry"", which is essentially what this game is. In this FarCry3 spinoff, you play the roll of a plane craash survivor somewhere in the pacififc ocean. Along the way, you will face real challenges, like figuring out how to craft, trying to find the knife or paddle you threw away, and fight Great White Sharks with a rock shard attached to  stick.In my first day of playing, I lost my knife, fell out of a tree, tried to hit stuff with a rock (you can't), got my raft rammed by sharks, found a machete, almost drowned, killed a ton of crabs, lost my machete, and drowned.10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14138918,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Wif,"Alpha v0.01 - Will update as time goes onThe good: Perfectly captured atmosphere, pretty graphics, building not dissimilar to Rusts, great environments, reasonable survival simulator, almost realistic.The bad: Minor bugs (nothing game breaking), visited 6 islands and all pretty much the same, a lot of paddling to get anywhere and when you get there it's likely the same as the island you just left, no real penalty for various things that probably should."
76561198177445614,Recommended,313120,14336618,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mhamlet93,"I have only played Stranded Deep for a few hours but already I can see there is a lot of potential with the game providing the dev's take it along the right path - coop is definitely the right path!My experience of survival crafting games is limited, Minecraft is probably as close as it gets for me. So, i can't really compare it to other similar games but just on what I have seen during my own playtime and watching lets plays videos. I think the games visuals are stunning, even on lower settings they're very pleasing to the eye. I think the game mechanics are good despite various bugs (to be expected in Alpha stage)  and love not having a HUD and menus.For future development I see lots of discussion over bigger islands and coop. Having seen coop on the development road map I was very happy as I feel coop is what made minecraft what it is and could help SD do the same. However, im torn over the idea of bigger islands. I would however like to see some islands closer together rather than all the islands being spread equal distance apart. Perhaps lots of small islands in close distance and some bigger islands further away, maybe even out of view on the horizon, giving you that truly deserted feeling where you dont know where your direction will take you?Also, is it possible to find the plane wreckage?"
76561198123771812,Recommended,313120,14313908,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mt. Dew,"This game is in it's early stages. so don't expect too much from the game, but expect enough to actually know that this game has lots of potential and is honestly very cool. I reccomend this game for those who like Rust."
76561198125402076,Recommended,313120,14316831,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kilophter™,"This game is so far one of the best graphiced stranded kinda of gamesFeatures-Beauty graphicsBeauty waterCan swim around without instantly killedA survival watchUnuique survivalRealistic instead of monstersSharks,Fish,Whales,and CrabsThoughts-Very well madeVery realisticThis game is awesome 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,313120,14431373,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Cyrus,"Although this game in early access i recommend, because it is a survival where it's you against the environment without enemies like zombies, has beautiful graphics, well done day and night circle also liked the craft system, has much potential. (edit)"
,Recommended,313120,15029317,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Pupers,"Would reccomend this to other friends, would be cool if it was multiplayer and had some more items added so you can craft more.Some suggestions:Larger islands could be nice.Add scuba gear? I have the flippers, but a rebreather would be cool.More weapons, animals on the islands, mini jungles.Larger shipwrecks with some insides to explore and some air pockets inside.Will keep playing the game, has a lot of potential."
76561198044679097,Recommended,313120,14150565,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Definitely_not_Zizard,This game is on the right way to get a good survivale game. But its not a point in the game u cant complete the game. it is to litte ressoreses on the islands that made u to move around all the time. but it is on a good way ceep going :) Minix
76561198082981817,Recommended,313120,14240953,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,silv061,"Game was fun for first few hours. The crafting menu is archaic and very limited on what can be built. Why the h#ll do I need to waste resources to build a bed so I can sleep? Can't I just sleep on the ground? Would like to see some simpler shelters added to game. Dont need to build a mansion to survive. Give me a simple A-frame from sticks and palm frounds and I'm good to go. Plus why can't I put the bed inside of the mansion I just built. If I gotta sleep outside then why waste time building it in the first place. Plus seems like you do alot of island hopping to find items. While traveling to other islands you fall out of the raft for no reason at all. Found a bunch of cool loot (carberatur, gas tank, lantern, hammer, axe) couldn't take it with me. Loaded up the raft got ready to head out and boom everything exploded/gliched out of raft onto the beach. Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and left it all there. Explored to another island found a beached ship climbed up on deck and fell through a closed hatch. Closed hatch remind you. Inside of the ships hull is alot of useful items. Gathered them up put em on a pile added a bunch to inventory (thinking I was a rich man again!). And then couldn't climb out of the ships hull, I jumped around trying to get out couldn't do it. Finally gave up and quit playing. This game has the potential to be a good one. Things I like to see added/changed, less tool deterioration especially for modern tools you find and use, simple shelters that dont waste limited resources, crafting menu that shows what can be made and resources needed to make said items, some form of map making so you can track where you have been, larger islands to home base out of and then explore smaller ones to find goods, a way to cache found/made items (instead of just throwing them on the ground), and get rid of the making a bed to sleep deal. I'll check back periodically to see if game gets updated. But looking forward to see if the full potential of game gets established. 4/10 so far."
,Recommended,313120,14266730,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr. Deez,"awesome survival simulator. In high school we played a hypothetical game in sociology called ""The Island"" and this is basically a manifestation of that in video game format. very cool. would reccomend for anyone to buy it. keep up the good work! can't wait to see more updates as they come out!"
76561197971368271,Recommended,313120,14130364,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Raziel,"GOOD START!!!!!!These are the 2 words that explain well my feelings about Stranded Deep after the first look!The game has some problems indeed, like few bugs i saw during my gameplay (a tiger shark was swimming under the sand of an island for example, creepy and funny at the same time), the lack of a keymapping feature (the one on the launcher is actually bugged and doesn't work), and other little things, but...the other side of the medal is a very good overall quality of graphics and contents.The atmosphere is just great, i love the caribbean style, and it's nice to fight against just the environment and not monsters/zombies etc..I love also the crafting system, where basically you drop the materials on the floor to see what kind of stuffs you can do with them; this gives you the possibility to try and discover new things while playing.And it's impossible to forget the good mechanics that involve ocean esploration, with new islands randomly generated and underwater ""treasures"".This is a better Day1 than bigger titles as H1Z1 in my opinion...................Just amazing, and definitely worth the price of the early access!Can't wait for the co-op mode (actually is just single player based) and for the little fixes it needs to become perfect!Good job!NB:Mi trovate su YouTube, Raziel's Channel all'indirizzohttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8mjStAGRGo-5SV9K205NBw"
,Recommended,313120,14299203,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Sm3den,"Stranded Deep is a fun so faar, once the co-op mode is released it will be real good ."
,Recommended,313120,14362156,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ℱʟᴀʀo𝒮ᴀɴᴛᴀɴᴀ,"This game has potential, give it time to expand. However, its missing something, I do not ever really feel any feeling of accomplishment, I have found just about every item, done everything, and still nothing. I sugguest that there should be some sort of civilization. Atleast like a continent and it be like minecraft where the land is random. But something like that because I'm starting to get really bored and am probably not the only one.Like this if you agree."
,Not Recommended,313120,15278692,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Chicken,This game requires amendments.
,Recommended,313120,14733292,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dill,"so far so good, id rather play again when the game is finished, but I dont even know if it will ever be completed.very survival like and im sure future updates will make this game exellent. looking forward to a coop or multiplayer option!"
,Recommended,313120,14255099,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Oddleaf,A soild start to a very well built game. my only suggestion is just having a bigger island not just little ones.
,Recommended,313120,15170632,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,deeravengertn,8/8 would crash plane again
,Recommended,313120,14584685,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ReviewBrah,You can use a palm tree to fly12/10
,Recommended,313120,14212625,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Isi,Sobered up. Spun around. Stumbled over to the service tray and made myself another drink. No service staff to be found. Sat back down. Plane crashed into the ocean. Jacked the only liferaft and got away before anyone else tried to join me. Made it to an island. Made a hut. Died of food poisoning.10/10 would fly Malaysian Airlines again.
,Recommended,313120,14269036,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,CrackZ ༼ つ◕_◕༼ つ,"This game is great survival game, one of the best i played. The crafting sistem is amazing but it lacks a little something. The way the game works can be confusing for a new player. Then i travel with the raft on the ocean to the other islands to look for resources,while traveling it just creates this scary feeling. you start to feel lonely and it get scary as the island your camp is on slowly get's further.The only bad things about this are-limited amount of rock's on the island-some tree's cannot be chopped down-small islandsin the future:-more crafting (doors,windows,boat,pickaxe)-bigger islands (To explore)-A way to complete the game-more animalsbut these are just somethings i want but the game is still in early version so i understand that it's not perfect but soo far it's amazing.100/100"
76561198165667807,Recommended,313120,14288625,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Árabinho,A great game i really enjoy playing it just a few bugs-Crafting sometimes-Raft dissapearing
76561198029657903,Recommended,313120,14745947,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,RM1985,"Review for alpha version 0.02.H1:First of all, if you liked the movie ""Cast Away"" with Tom Hanks, you will love this game very much.This game is just so beautiful, it has just extraordinary good graphics, very detailed and also the light- and shadow-effects look so good, you will fall in love with the sunrise/sundown and maybe with the bright shining moon, too. The whole carribean island setting is just amazing. Also the underwater-world is super detailed and beautiful. I haven't seen a game looking this good very often, especially when it's an early access alpha game.You play a lone survivor stranded after a plane crash on the ocean. After landing on the first island with your life-raft, you have to do, what every survivor has to do in this situation: find water, find food, build a shelter, make a fire. You will find lots of resources to achieve your goals. Also you can search in the water for useful stuff, dive down and maybe you'll find a shipwreck and discover a real treasure (no gold). And of course you can also paddle to other islands around you, there are dozens of them, BUT watch out for the hungry SHARKS! They will overturn your raft (if you're lucky enough) and then you have real problems! Better get back on the raft ASAP!In my current game (6,5 h) I survived for 9 days so far, found lots of food (crabbes, fish, potatoes, coconuts), crafted some tools, started to build a house and a bed and checked out a few islands.  I even got my raft flipped over by a shark (almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants), but was fast enough back on there.And I still have to learn things to survive longer, there is just so much do discover already. Because in this game you have to find out everything yourself, there are no plans of how to craft this or that, you have to try it out, what I find pretty cool, just put every craftable item on a stack and see, what you can do.Same with the exploring, just keep your eyes open for everything useful on land and in the water. I think, I still haven't seen all of this game yet, but I am very impressed so far!I actually can't understand people, who rate this game negative, just because it's an alpha version and because there is so much work to do. People, it's an early access alpha build, just v 0.02, that means, the game is not finished and the developers want YOU to try the game and help them with the developing process by telling them what you like and what you would like to see in this game, report bugs and stuff! If you like the game so far, but think, it needs some work, than SAY IT, you can rate it positive AND say, what you don't like!My conclusion: This game ist just amazing, very nice concept, great graphics and lots of things to do and to discover so far, even in this early stage. I bet, when it continues getting updated regularly, than this one will probably become the best survival game in gaming history, even if it takes a lot of time! I will wait for it!And the 15 bucks for this game are well invested, because you will get everything that's still to come for free, a finished game of this kind will cost you at least 30 bucks! Actually, just the beauty of this game is worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,313120,16288963,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,IntensityThe1st,Please add Multiplayer to this game it would be so much more funner
76561198051152038,Recommended,313120,14818795,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tranny Phantom,"BUY IT, BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,313120,14130966,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Arky,"DAY ONE: Found a crab.. Named him Bob. Bob is my friend.DAY TWO: Bob and me cut down a palm tree to gain coconuts.DAY THREE: Bob is a little sad today, we ate the last coconuts.DAY FOUR: Well, today was fun.. We started our first fire, accedently burning our raft.DAY FIVE: Bob attacked me today, he even cut my arm a little... I think it's because we run out of food.. And water..DAY SIX: Today bob decided to run away, he tried to swim away from me. He failed and I have now build a cage for him.DAY SEVEN: I build a house for myself, I caught a fish for me and Bob to share.DAY EIGHT: Bob ate most of the fish, I only got the tail.DAY NINE: I'm starting to feel the hunger... Bob also told me that I looked handsome.DAY TEN: I saw a ship today, it didn't see me.DAY -.. What day is it?DAY TWELVE: I ate bob today, he was getting on my nerves.DAY THIRTEEN: I miss Bob.DAY FOURTEEN: What have I done.. I'm still hungry.. It wasn't worth it.DAY FIFTEEN: I can't live without Bob, I can't take it anymore.DAY SIXTEEN: I'm going to drown myself today.(Also, I rate this game 8/10, amazing fun when you make up random stories. - Needs more things to craft + more animals)"
76561198158602695,Recommended,313120,15864078,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,pooleybodge,"great game stunning graphics,well worth trying it out"
,Recommended,313120,15259806,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DetectiveFox,"This game I had a blast playing, it had good graphics and the game kept me drawn into it. The only problem is Stranded Deep doesn't contain 15$ worth of content in this state of the game. This is ok because the game is in early access, but I do wish they would add more items, locations and possibly Co-op or Multiplayer."
,Recommended,313120,14292000,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,August,"WONDERFULL!After playing for 5 hours straight I decided that if the devs keep this game up it will be one of the best. My only doubts when buying this was that I would get bored, but I dident! I played for hours and made a crappy shack and a mountain of crabs. I explored sunken ships, fought sharks (unsucsessfully), and found Wilson (Wollie).It dosent seem like mutch, but you have so mutch fun doing anything!I would voice the few complaints I have, but it is in alpha, and the devs are being very responsive!10/10"
76561198005688605,Recommended,313120,14161319,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,This is a very good start to a great game.  I cant wait to see what else is in store for this game
76561197986222333,Recommended,313120,14173940,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,NamaGama,"Alpha 0.01 the game looks beautiful not to mention it runs very smoothly and is fun to explore, would love a tutorial to explain how to craft things, but you can look most of it up online. I would recommend this game, makes you feel like tom hanks in cast away with weather system, using a raft to make it to other islands and working hard to make a shelter and you can dive under the ocean into ship wrecks and find better supplies all while trying to stay clear of those darn sharks."
,Recommended,313120,14295095,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pinhead,Its only in 0.01 and it's better than minecraft....Buy this game.
76561198034184995,Recommended,313120,14163815,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CotaBucky,"If you love the ocean and survival stuff,You will love this.Some things need some work but for a day one early access I got sucked into it for many hours already. My biggest gripe is draw in for islands is wonky as hell. Gotta find a compass! So far I have died a few times from poison .Don't eat raw crabs or step on sea urchans(spelling?) .Got eaten and dragged off by a shark.I love the game!"
,Recommended,313120,14129536,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CynicalSausage,Tom Hanks Simulator 201510/10
76561198028150578,Recommended,313120,14253026,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kainos,"Potential survival game of 2015 :) right off the front line it's packed with a slew of stuff to keep you busy for awhile and nice eye candy to keep you in wanting to see more content later on. The Devs have got a great start so far as long we keep feeding them good and reasonable feedback, but leave ya zombie fetish and high-tech firearms at the door, this one is for the real world where mother nature and natural predators will keep you on your toes and at first on the beach lol. Armed only with whatever you can find, how long will you last stranded in the Pacific?(ALPHA)Pros ++ Huge open ocean to explore in search of shipwrecks, lost cargo, and other islands.+Creative Crafting+Nice weather effects.+Predators that will group up to make you realize that spear your holding is only delaying their meal time.+Rare loot that you may find that many others haven't even seen after a few days of playing.+When you ""restart"" the world and the loot randomly ""re-spawns"" adding great replay value.Cons --Lack of story or cinematic opening at the begining.-Time flow of Day & Night cycle seems too fast.-Small inventory.-Most islands are too small and similar.-Gender locked to male survivor, sorry ladies and Lara Croft fans lol.-Bugs and common glitches that may cause you to start over. (Save often and remember it is Early Release stage)"
76561198055539710,Recommended,313120,14156699,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PorkSauce,"On my raft paddling to another island. Raft suddenly disappears out from under me, Quit game because scared of the sharks. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,15624522,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,robodude974,"Stranded Deep is not your average survival game.You play as a survivor of a plane crash in the middle of the ocean. You start out with a paddle, a raft, a lighter, a pocket knife and a watch that tells you your health and hunger (because why not).This game is very fun, but very hard as well. There are Shipwrecks which have lots of useful items, but you need to becareful, becuase you have limited oxygen and there is the possibility of sharks spawning, and they attack on sight.Overall, this is a great survival game. The graphics are fantastic and the gameplay is fun and realistic. The only thing I wish it had is multiplayer.Rating: 9.3/10WARNING: Not for people who have fears of the ocean."
76561198003286305,Recommended,313120,14189300,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"Here is an experience that I just had with Stranded Deep. I think it sums up the game very well.So, I start up the game, and I paddle my way past a few islands until I find one that I'd like to settle down on. It has a nice stretch of beach, view of some other islands, reefs nearby, and beautiful sunsets; in other words, the perfect place to build a sprawling vacation home. So, I make myself an axe and gather enough wood and stones to create a fire pit with a spit, then spear a few fish, laying the extras next to the fire, and cook them as needed to satisfy my hunger. I then proceed to deforest the entire island in a very organized manner; cutting down trees, dragging them all into a neat line, chopping them up, arranging the logs side by side to take inventory and plan out how much of my house I'll be able to build, then making poles out of them in one giant pile. Eventually, I'm able to build about half my house, laying down most of the foundation and two walls. Given the amount of back-and-forth carrying I have to do, I decide to drop my knife somewhere on the beach. I'll never need it, right?It becomes clear that I'm going to need to travel to another island to gather the wood necessary to complete my home. So, I nibble on a fish before setting out, but I feel a bit sick to my stomach afterwards.As I'm paddling towards the closest island, I notice some boils on my arm, but don't think much of it. However, as I get closer, I notice that I'm starving. Seeing that my axe is about to break, I decide to get some wood to make a new one before this one expires. As I bring down a tree, though, the tool shatters in my hands. It's now that I notice I have no lashing, and no means to obtain any, since I need a sharp object. The knife is all the way back at the other island, I can't craft a new axe, and my condition is steadily worsening.I start to panic. How am I going to live through this? I remember, though, that sometimes sharp tools can be found in shipwrecks, and luckily enough, there seems to be a wreck near me. I dive into the water like a madman, swimming my way to the wreckage, and, sure enough, there's a chest. My boil-covered arms pry it open, and hope fills my heart... Only to find that it contains a flashlight. Damn it.Emerging from the water with a crazed look in my (actual) eyes, I resolve that the only way to possibly survive this is to go back the way I came and hope that I can find the knife on that beach so I can use it to break open a few coconuts. I frantically paddle my way there, but soon, I see another shipwreck beneath the waves. Desperate for a quick solution, I throw the paddle down on the raft and leap spread-eagle into the water, my heart beating to the time of the electronic beeps my watch is using to tell my I'm about to die. I swim down, down, down, until finally a ship comes into sight. Will this be my saving grace?Of course not. The ship has absolutely nothing for me. I turn my gaze upwards, and am greeted by the lovely sight of two circling sharks. At this point, though, fear has no meaning, so I propel myself to the surface, climbing aboard the raft and getting my bearings. But there are no bearings to be found; I have no idea which island is which, and, for the first time in my life, feel what it's like to be lost at sea. The problem with this is that I need that one specific island on which I left the knife. Eeny, meeny, miney... mo. I pick an island and paddle towards it, my vitals ever-failing.As I approach the land mass, my heart leaps into my mouth; by sheer luck, I'd picked the right island. Ecstatic, I leap from the raft and swim to shore, sprinting with everything I've got to the stretch of beach that I left the knife on. My eyes comb the sand, but it's nowhere to be found. God damn it, where is it?Then, I notice some materials I left on the ground before I left: binding and sticks! In keeping with my day, however, I have no rock to complete the axe. My adrenaline-fueled vision catches one in the distance, and I sprint for it, grabbing it in my shaking hands and tossing it into a pile with the other ingredients before finishing my crude masterpiece. As soon as I feel the weight of the tool in my hand, though, I remember the fire pit. Rushing over, I slap myself when I realize that I left a cooked fish by the pit in the event of an emergency like this. The stress really did get to my head.Relieved, I sink my teeth into the fish, but as I swallow, I remember... It's been left out long enough to rot.Sure enough, my vision begins to swim, and sickness rushes over me. I'm now on the verge of death, a combination of extreme starvation and severe illness. In a final act of desperation, I stick a fish onto the fire spit. If I can just hold out a few seconds more, I'll live through this...My vitals fail. As my legs buckle beneath me and I fall to the ground, I hear the mocking 'ding' of my watch timer, reminding me that my meal is done cooking. I die staring at that cooked fish with my unfinished dream home in the background, wondering what could have been.If you're still reading, good for you. This is the only game I've ever played (and I've played A LOT of games like this) where I've truly felt like I'm fighting for my life. It will only get better from here, and it's already well worth the purchase. Don't miss this one; I got royally ♥♥♥♥ed over, and that's without the sharks.10/10 would die miserably again"
,Recommended,313120,14126562,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,C0smyY,"This Game really looks beautiful , u guys must buy it!Keep with the good work :)"
,Recommended,313120,14590406,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Rocotaco,Built a houseMade a raftBuilt a motorFor my craftI can't think of a way to make this rhyme anymore so.... is pretty good so far. I definitely look forward to watching this game progress and get better.
76561198138474406,Recommended,313120,14155574,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,parkourislife,friendly shark simulator 2015!
76561198080544506,Recommended,313120,14204490,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sonic Rollz,This is one of the best survival games I have played if not the best. It is very intuitive and has great crafting and diving systems. The only complaint I had was a bug that was just patched. I give this game a 10/10. Keep up the good work devs.
,Recommended,313120,14269630,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MrAttacos,Wilson no!10/10
76561198124212297,Recommended,313120,14285401,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Booquifius,Very good game. looking forward to when co op comes out for it!
,Recommended,313120,14372516,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bhunji,Lighters have infinite fuel and work underwater.Pyromania/10
76561198167938210,Recommended,313120,15996497,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Sosspippen,This game is an awesome game. It is a survival game & can get annoying at times but I really enjoy playing it. There are couple of small glitches which aren't really that obvious. Note this is a singleplayer game but it is so much fun.
,Recommended,313120,14551014,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Danorfnoor,"Started playing and was great........then the beeping began, (not knowing that F stopped the beeping) it continued for about 30 mins before I lost it. I sat alone sitting next to a potatoe plant just waiting for it to regrow while a continuous beeping noise withers away at my very sanity of a human beingproceeded to then drown myself to leave the torture I was enduringπ/3recommend for anyone whose envious of Tom Hanks"
76561198076048490,Recommended,313120,14302325,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wet Harmonica,10/10 best open world survival game ever  this is a must havePS: If you are a new player of Stranded Deep you should read a crafting guide first
,Recommended,313120,14154104,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Savvy Sultan,"As of right now, the general basics are there. You can make a castaway hut, fire, hunt stuff with a crude spear and theres cool ship wrecks here and there, sometimes with loot and other times without it. I'm still trying to find all the engine peices to see what that can lead to late game. There isn't much of an objective and stuff can glitch out quite a bit. Theres no chest/crate/box to store stuff you find or crafting materials, so you'll find yourself leaving it about in your little hut. But, if you leave to go to another little island sometimes you stuff can fall through the floor and then you cant get to any of it. All in all, I would just say that theres more work that is needed to make it slightly more playable and thats reasonable to say, its only an alpha build.Edit: Today I realized how amazing this game actually is. And theres one main reason for this. The bucket physics. You can walk into the water and watch the bucket you're holding slowly fill with water and if you set it down but accidentally knock it over you can also watch it slowly drain. This blew me away. 11/10 best game of the year."
76561198144175891,Recommended,313120,14290865,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rolf,"When i got this game i didnt know what to expect but so far im like a bumbling fool in the dark accidently dropping my goods. So far it took me 20 mins to craft an axe and find a Yucca plant to make rope-like material called ""lashings"". I reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of bear grylls. A lot of time goes into playing this game i can already tell, but i reccomend it."
76561198191313551,Recommended,313120,29385852,Posted: 20 January,all,♠︎ŦȺȻŦƗȻȺⱠ ♣,"I have survived 365 days, i have a pet shark called Sherbet and a MASSIVE tree house.Most people would say it gets boring after time but really I have survived 1 year and stillan AMAZING game"
76561198011237461,Recommended,313120,15050456,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Amused,Truly beautiful sandbox.  Not much point just now tho.If they add some direction it will be a 10/10P.S.  Sharks are smelly boat stealing pirate hookers
,Recommended,313120,14132343,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Alexsys,"I highly recommend this game, this is one of the best early access games which gives you a really small amount of bugs and big amount of fun, you can really survive in this game, the graphics are awesome lots of stuff to do, just put yourself some bear grylls music and enjoy!"
76561197969801512,Recommended,313120,14166160,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RedQueen,"This is game is one of the few survival games that gets out of your way and let's you explore.   The basic gameplay is extremely addictive and once they flesh out the crafting, add more map variety and weather danger--, and improve and diversify predator threats this game will offer even more.For a comparison, it's a bit of a hybrid The Forest and of The Long Dark.   You can craft a basic shelter and other tools but you also have to venture out among the sharks to get the good loot.Initial complaints are of course bugs and general lack of content.    As it is, as of the initial release, it's well worth the $15 to be a part of what already is a fun adventure.  As with any EA game, it's important to remember this is far from a finished product and in fact it may never be a finished project.  If the game looks good to you now, buy it."
76561198022492000,Recommended,313120,14169647,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,=WTA=0uSTeR,"Reading this might spoil a few surprises for you. Read at your own risk. lolStranded Deep is a really dope alpha. The graphics are awesome. The dragging items around is cool. I can't wait until this game is finished! I like the crafting system, but I wish you could do something with logs(not just sticks.) I like the stuff you can build so far. Crafting a box that you could put on a raft to carry stuff would be awesome. Maybe even joinging rafts together with lashing? You could have one raft for carrying stuff and one for you.. Or maybe a raft with a sail on it and some wind?The sharks are wicked, Except They were swiming under the island and somehow biting me. I also stabbed a tiger shark like 10 times and he wasn't phased. An item I wish I could craft is a harpoon, basically a throwing spear for those sharks. I'd like to see the sharks bleed when I spear them. It makes a sound when I spear them but thats about it. Im not sure if it was doing anything. Did I give up too soon at 10 spear attacks? lol..Chopping a drinkable coconut with an axe should make a sound.The shipwrecks are awesome, but I got stuck inside one. I had a bad feeling about going inside there lol... I'm not sure if it's meant to be a sick joke or if it's just not finsihed. I noticed their was a ladder on the floor but I couldn't pick it up.The ammount of rocks on each island is a bit rediculous. Im pretty sure I would be able to find some more rocks on the ocean floor at least. The cooking time is a bit much and you can't ever get enough rocks on your starting island to build a firepit with a cooking rack. So you have to travel to other islands a lot if you want to keep your sanity by not holding food over a fire all night. When is a guy going to find time to sleep? lol..Paddling is cool, if you could paddle left and right handed with left and right mouse buttons it would be even cooler.I tried to collect some rain with my bucket but I couldnt. I know it said something about boiling sea water, but theres no way to collect steam so why would I do that? Im pretty sure salt would stay in the bucket.Some more sea creatures would be cool, maybe some islands could have a few animals on land? Reptiles? Birds? Then maybe skinning sharks and reptiles?Multi Story structures would be cool.Multiplayer would be nice as well. If you and your homies started out on the same airplane before it crashed, it would all make sense. Then you could even step it up and have character customization. Maybe the passangers could be scattered on different starting islands and meet up later and Start a little village of stranded survivors? lolThis is all just constructive critisism. I love the game so far and I know its just an alpha.  I've played it for 10 hours and I still want to see what else I can find in the ship wrecks. I won't be going inside any more holds though. lol.. Maybe I could drop a bunch of logs in there first to jump on to get out? I will also be building my shelter higher up to keep away from those pesky land swimming tiger sharks.  I reccomend buying this game, but you have to understand its not finished. You might want to wait til they improve it a bit. It is fun as it is though.If you're like me and you like figuring♥♥♥♥♥♥out on your own istead of looking up things on wikipedia, the crafting sytem might drive you crazy when you're moving logs around trying to figure out how to use them. You can't. It's all about the sticks.The game is awesome, but not complete."
,Recommended,313120,14170040,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Neil2244,"Stranded Deep is a outstanding game the intro bit reminds me of The Forest intro aswell as well as it being a survival game but apart from that I like it being a realistic survival game like the film 'Cast away',the Crafting in the game to my opinion is unique since other games you craft items while they are in your inventory,the graphics for the game are outstanding for a game that is in early access and I can't wait to see what the game will look like when it fully gets released also I can't wait to see what the co-op and multiplayer will be like but I feel I will find someone that will start yelling through the mic 'Where's Wilson!?!?' which will be funny but this game I would give 10/10."
,Recommended,313120,19763836,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Death,Such updates such wow.
,Recommended,313120,14186527,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jw,Awesome and can't wait for multiplayer and new stuff to do
76561198141043526,Recommended,313120,14195281,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LazySpartan21,This game is cool but it gets boring in a cople of ddays but i guess its because its early excess so in later updates thell probably add more but in general this is a good game
,Recommended,313120,14199116,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CHIEF,"This game is completely amazing. It blew me away, and its only EARLY ALPHA. I can not wait to see how it developes. I would buy it twice if i could. It is very entertaining, has a uniqe crafting system, and the game really makes you think about what you would do if you were stranded on an island. Each little discovery feels like a major breakthrough, and i love every second of it."
,Recommended,313120,14187691,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Snoopdogma,"This game have so much potential <3 i love itplease make this MP, it would be very fun if you play with your friendsEdit: and please update moar <3"
76561197982523183,Recommended,313120,14197356,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,StrikerJG1,"Nice looking game, good concept, shark behaviour is nicely designed. Need some bug fixing but hey, it's early access."
,Recommended,313120,14204697,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lucatiel,"Spawned in, fell out of raft, got eaten.11/10 Robinsons would Crusoe again.THIS GAME ACTUALLY SLOWS YOU DOWN AND MAKES NOISE + ANIMATION WHEN WALKING THROUGH BUSHES, IN ALPHA 0.01, WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED.TL;DRPros:-HUGE potential- Pretty- Awesome crafting mechanics- Stunning ambience and environment- Trustworhty devs (Aussie too c:)Cons:- Not much to do (YET: Alpha 0.01)- Some sounds are really poor- Not much diversity in:WeatherAnimalsLootIslandsSummary: Buy, encourage development, watch and wait for further updates.EXTENDED REVIEW:GAMEPLAY: -First things first, this game has massive potential, basically a blank slate, with the foundations of something great set in concrete. Gameplay can't really be rated yet, as the game is in very early stages, but what can be done is fun and unique. The classic gathering of materials to craft tools and searching hazardous environments for better loot is priceless. The crafting makes for some more interactive gameplay, ditching the classic ""crafting screen"". Instead the materials have to be placed together on the ground (or water, or boat, or rock) and items are crafted using these resources. Sharks offer a persistant, though not constant, threat to the player when searching the Pacific for shipwrecks and when swimming to another island. Stranded Deep provides basic vitals including thirst, hunger and health, and also provides ways to increase efficiency in obtaining fresh water and cooked food, as well as ways to restore health. The crafting is unique and keeps the player busy, although the amount of craftable items is small, as it is in Alpha. Controls are simple, movement is fluent and most objects can be moved. Overall, Stranded Deep's gameplay offers the foundations for anything within a survival game's boundaries, and offers a few hours of unique and fun gameplay already.GRAPHICS: 9/10Stranded Deep's graphics are visually stunning. It's basically water porn, offering some serious tropical eye candy. Some shadowing bugs occur during sunset and sunrise however, and the rocks could be a little more detailed, as could the shipwrecks and foamy water. Also, there's currently no player shadow, only the object you're holding. Overall, it's just the little things that will be fixed that take that 1 point out of 10.REPLAY VALUE: -Currently can't be rated as Alpha, althought I've come back to this game after doing everything there is to do many times, and it' still fun. The procedurally generatedinfiniteworld although lacking the incentive to explore forever, makes for a different setup each time you spawn. Sometimes you can be stranded on a tiny island with only a few trees and about three surrounding islands, other times you can spawn on larger, resourceful island with 4 shipwrecks off your coast and 6 neighbouring islands. The devs have said they intend to add world seeds, like minecraft has, so you can share your world with others. Along with the intended co-op mode, providing a playthrough with friends or Pacific archipelego edition of the Hunger Games, multiplayer gamemodes and minigames such as raft wars, the intended expansion of island and water biomes adding variety and diversity to the environment and the intended expansion of animal species such as sharks, fish, crustaceans, birds and reptiles - Stranded Deep could end up consuming countless hours of fun in the days ahead.IDEAS/RECOMMENDATIONS:Strongly supporting current development topics stated by devs!Larger variety to crafting (houseboats, treehouses, advanced rafts, hammocks, advanced tools, aesthetics etc.)More animations! This would do wonders to add immersion! (e.g. when crafting, switching inventory items, additional thrusting/chopping animations etc.)Better sounds! Adding high quality sounds and variations to a singular source, e.g. when choppping, running, jumping, swimming, thrusting, eating, vomiting, drinking, rain, bushes, footsteps on different materials, paddling etc. + ambient sounds such as crabs, wind in trees, water on rocks.That's it! Thanks for reading until the end, thumbs up if you found this helpful or support my ideas :)"
,Recommended,313120,14142407,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Smoerkniven,This is survival done RIGHT!
,Recommended,313120,14134354,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Vortex (Hair Dryer),"I have run SD for roughly an hour and a half what i have got from the experience isA fairly well polished alpha i had no problems running the game and it loads extremely quick as it should for a file size of just 300mb or soI can run this game with some minor stutter (mainly from dense bushes) at high setting with a monitor resolution of 1920x1080 with GT650M 2GB, i7 3630, 8gb RAMA few tutorial videos online is recommended to understand basic craftingThere is no HUD which really adds immersion instead you press the F key and a survival watch appears on your left arm which indicates your, Health, Hunger and Hydration levels, by clicking LMB you can switch to environmenta mode which tells you time, weather and temperature im not sure if it gives you a tidal reading but i did notice that areas of the island i was on was covered with water later in the dayI have so far survied to day 4The only danger in the game so far is, Sharks, Dehydration, Starvation and drowingThe game is worth $15 in my opinion and i am intrested to see what the developers have in store for SD in the future patchesThe only edible items i have come across so far in my gameplay is, Crabs and Cocnuts, i have seen fish and potato plants but have not yet found a way use them i belive you will also be able to eat sharks or maybe you already can im not certainI hope this review Helps people decide if they want to invest in this interesting and fun new title"
76561197972920696,Recommended,313120,14134620,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DrJrMcBurger,"Seriously fun survival out of the gate.  No instructions, but I don't need instructions to know how to rock."
,Recommended,313120,14142664,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,OverOrgasmicBear,Amazing game 10/10 for me a lettle glitchy but hey its an alpha
76561198091567794,Recommended,313120,14156282,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Beavers n Ducks,"truly wonderful. the simplicity of it right now is brilliant. I love how you are truly alone, there's no monster to fight (other than sharks) no zombies and no canibals. Its a little buggy. my raft always disapears when traveling to a new island and i can never get it back but swimming from island to island only takes about 2-3 minutes and its not a huge problem."
76561198040673475,Recommended,313120,14414885,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ratatouille,That is an awesome game . you must try it immediately
,Recommended,313120,14534368,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,LovelyHylian,"I have been really enjoying this game since I first saw Generikb play it in his first video. I like the theme and for the most part the execution of it, too. I would recommend this game to anybody who enjoys a survival game that's got a lot of exploration."
,Recommended,313120,14128063,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,VietCong (csgoroll.com),"It looks wery cool. bit hard to get started but right prize for an early access game. Some bugs, but it came out couple hours ago."
,Not Recommended,313120,20471256,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,VACATION!!!!,i cant find no chest i the new alpha dont buy it!!1 this is boring and this sucks for this money you can buy another better game you are a fan of survival games? buy The Forest
76561198027820553,Recommended,313120,14350488,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mathiasjep,"This is Probably one of the best Early Access game out there, in my Opinion . if You enjoy Survival/Building games then you will Probably like this game, almost all implemented features are working and lots of stuff to Explore and Discover, Definetly       Playable most Major bugs got fixed in the Latest hotfix, but of Course there is going to be some bugs, like Landwhales atm. but its Early Acces after all.  also the fact that wilson is in the game makes it so much more Awesome.Has a lot of Potential and a Great Community."
76561198078156380,Recommended,313120,21022908,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,eddykator,Survived plane crash. Luckily a little raft was right there. Paddled to an island.A wild Shark appeared.Pokemon battle music in my ear.Instead of throwing a PokeBall I threw my paddle.It has no effect.Shark used Bite.It was very effective.I am dead.Played again. This time didn't fight the shark. Got to the Island. Hungry. Found craps. Made fire. Danced around the fire to celebrate life and that I found craps to eat. Ate them. Raw. Died.10/10 because it really shows that I am helpless if I am stranded somewhere.
,Recommended,313120,23662734,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MysticalPlatypus,i like it however i feel it gets boring fast could be fun with friends if it was multiplayer
76561198144026808,Recommended,313120,23664109,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,crazydude6199,"i really am blown away by what these developers are doing. these guys have put alot of effort in making the island, ocean and skys look as realistic as possible ( i play on the lowest resolution possible and looks better than most realistic early access games) other people do complain about ""theres no ending"" or "" its so boring"" and even ""why are these graphics bad"". to be honest i can come up with alot of counter statements for these. first off these developers, however many they are, are still new to the programming gig, but they are improving every day thing of new ways to make this game smoother and more realistic, this game is unfinnished as well SO THERE IS OBVIOSLY NO ENDING! minecraft never had an ending after alpha i think and it was still a good game. these developers need to first off come up with ideas, then program them, then add into a test game, see if they work. and guess what, if one thing gose wrong in the prosses, they have to start from the very biggining! the game may seem boring but thats because its also unfinnished, they are still adding new animals and new ways to survive and maybe even disasters. these guys want to make this game perfect before they try something compleatly new, so they might be adding new animals and fixing stuff for a while. as for multiplayer and co-op, this would be a great addition, but let them fix up the small bugs, otherwise if they release co-op early the game may no longer be playable or have immersion breaking gameplay. the beam team is going extreamly well and needs support and ideas from us, thats why they made this game available to us. if you guys are going to give the developers an idea make it a good one like add tsunamis or monkeys or maybe npcs that have gone mad or you can trade with. maybe even banana trees. but those are only my suggestions and i want to help this group every step of the way!"
,Recommended,313120,23825923,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mexican refugee,it is good but the one problem is that the text is a bit wierd but apaprt frim that its good
76561198274179893,Recommended,313120,28291628,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,canary,"this game is basicly an island survival type of game.also,its kind of like The Forest but less scary.finally,if you basicly want the less scarier version of forest then its stranded deep."
76561198314610032,Recommended,313120,28449813,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,HuskyHero2,i got this game and my computer would not run it   but it is my favorite game  if you are going to get it make sure your comeputer can run it
76561198089537343,Recommended,313120,25864752,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SODOMANIA,Very good game.Hopefully more quickly to see her finish.
,Recommended,313120,28504393,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SuperGavin,i reallly like the game its fun i just refunded it due to lag but its because my computer is crap so you should probaly get it
76561198067756046,Recommended,313120,28534000,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,davidcolgate,"Having now clocked up over 31 days of survival and 20 hours of gameplay I thought it was a good time to get a review in the bag.I’ve been playing Beta 0.21 for the past week or so now and I’ve been watching video reviews and gameplay for months. This game appeals to me because (besides my interest in the outdoors and survival) it presents a challenge that’s a far cry away from the regular FPS’s that I usually indulge my gaming appetite in.I’m well aware that this isn’t a full game – it’s in beta. It’s very much playable but there are a lot of glitches and bugs! For instance, Stingrays don’t like sandbanks – they magically swim through them and into the scenery (so don’t go spearing them because you’ll lose it). On another occasion while messing around with Sharks in shallow water I got bitten and magically beamed some distance off the island and had to make a daring swim back to shore. Never the less, the game is very playable, very likeable and very addictive.My machine runs comfortably with the settings on ‘high’ in terms of graphics, I’ve noticed no lag at all. Framerates are smooth and the resolution is turned up. Volumetric clouds are on and I’m still not having any dramas. I’m running an i5-4670 with a GTX 760 graphics card. There is some noticeable delay in some scenery parts loading when you ‘continue’ a saved game but other than that I’ve had no issues.The gameplay is all first person and is very playable. There are some nice shadows, the water looks absolutely stunning and the textures above and below the water are all extremely beautiful. The atmospheric effects are very nice as how the environment works at night, during the day and during rain. I particularly like the shadows cast by environment objects when the moon’s out. The whole game environment is very visually pleasing. The draw distance is very low but I suspect this is deliberate to enhance the mystery in the setting and to further add challenge to the navigational element of the gameplay. There is no in-game map and you have to find a compass – I thought this was a genius element of the gameplay and really makes it interesting.Having said that I’ve explored every single island and have figured out that the map is a 5 x 5 set of islands all diagonal to each other in terms of compass points (NE, SW, SE and NW). I managed to create my own map (pen and paper) using the compass and now find it easy to navigate from one side to another. The gameplay area is surrounded by a row of connected fishing buoys. I have tried travelling beyond them but it seems you simply go on forever in an endless sea of blue.The controls of the game aren’t new – typical “w,s,d and a” format for movement with other buttons for inventory, actions and similar. All the keys are in close proximity to each other from default so there was no need to fiddle around with the control assignments before getting stuck in. The game is about survival so many of the tasks are monotonous such as collecting wood, collecting materials for lashings and similar activities. However, there’s a bazaar sense of achievement throughout doing all this. Building shelter, hunting fish and cooking them – there’s a virtual ‘manliness’ to the game that although apart from the very first few minutes, it lacks any story from what I can gather the mechanics and gameplay combined allow to you get lost in making your own story – the character you play remains nameless; I’m sure that’s not accidental.This is one of the most fascinating and addictive things I think. I have come back to the game days on end because I’m thinking about getting those resources I spotted on the island in the bottom most corner or planning how I might actually kill a shark. The replay value even in beta is great. I’m hoping there is an ‘ending’ to the game such as being rescued but on the other hand I hope not. The simplicity and consistent goal of surviving (not letting your health, hunger, thirst or tiredness reach zero) of this game is where it’s pleasure lies. The four bars that represent your condition lend themselves to your style of gameplay. Full bars means I can explore, low bars means I have to make camp and start eating.Although resources throughout the game (normal setting) are plentiful, there are times I have found myself scurrying up palm trees to grab coconuts to quench my building thirst which fastens the pace of the gameplay every so often. This resource management makes you become resourceful by nature and managing those bars effectively also delivers a satisfying sense of achievement. I find myself checking I have some kit with me before venturing off to other islands. This adds to the dynamic gameplay making ‘Stranded Deep’ more than just an exploration game.The Shark sound effects are also very nicely done. When the prowling, finned beasts are in close proximity (regardless of being in the sea or not) a beastly, demonic tune plays to let you know. A nice touch that keeps you on your toes. The natural environmental sounds throughout also provide a perfect backdrop to the lush, tropical setting ‘Stranded Deep’ features the character in. You’ll find water life varies with location and depth of the water too. These sound effects only enhance the gameplay experience, especially when underwater. I get a genuine sense of dread when swimming and find myself automatically making a b-line straight for the shore when I hear the sound of approaching teeth.I admit I was a little disappointed to have discovered the apparent linearity of the islands and that there were so few. However, the mechanics of the game; using an axe, building your own tools, the in-game character must have read a whole boat load of SAS Survival books and Ray Mears before getting on that plane!There are elements of the game apart from graphically that need much refinement. I’m finding it next to impossible to find the various wrecks which are hidden underwater available to explore because the character simply doesn’t hold their breath for long enough. At times I’ve also found that the persistent thirst for blood by sharks around certain islands does interrupt the player’s micro goals of the gameplay too, such as exploring the waters. I’m hoping these will be ironed out as the beta develops.I haven’t really played any similar games so there’s little benchmark for comparison. However, I’m loving ‘Stranded Deep’ at the moment and I’m excited that I made a small investment in a developing game and a developing world. If it’s this good at beta 0.2, I have high expectations for the full game release!If you’re contemplating buying it, you won’t be disappointed. Just be prepared, it’s far from perfect, there are glitches (many of which you can take advantage of) and issues but the experience is none the less entertaining, enjoyable and leaves you with a strong sense of achievement and curiosity as to what really lies in the deep.Great game, massive well done to the developer(s) – looking forward to seeing more!Edit: Having written the review above I've discovered the ""cartographer"" and the growing community of island developers. This really has changed the playing field. You can edit existing islands, create new ones and download custom made maps (the best part) and islands. The game really is worth getting just for this!"
,Recommended,313120,28615454,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Colton - KoC,Awesome but crashed way too much
,Recommended,313120,23671657,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,HypeTrains,"Written on 6/20/2016This game is one of my favorite games I have seen.  Trapped in the middle of the Pacific Ocean (?) with nothing but a series of randomly generated islands and wrecked ships to scavange and survive on.  The map editor is going to allow for some crazy areas, and I can't wait for the community islands to open.This game is going to have a great future, and I recomend it to anyone who can run it.  Very fun!"
,Recommended,313120,23805295,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spooky Marmite,"This game is awesome with only two flaws.  First off, the awesome part.  I love this game for two main reasons.  Number one is its realism.  I love how this game could actually happen, especially because there are so many games that are completely unreal (I'm not insulting these types of games, since I own a lot of these types of games myself). The second is it's amazing graphics. I absoluty love the graphics in this game and the volumetric clouds made this game 10x better. Now to the 2 cons of this game.  The only thing I dislike is that there is no end.  I mean all the game is right now is: Explore a  litte bit, gather materials, build a base while eating and drinking, then it's basically over. The second con is that it's just not hard enough, and I know you are most likely working on that, but still. I think you guys could find a way to slove the first problem very easily, and I know you are probably working on the second right now.  P.S. please don't completely remove the infinite part of the game, like mabye make it an option when you create a world."
,Recommended,313120,28448678,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sly Cooper,"Fun game, great time playing and the devs update routinely fixing bugs and adding content. Worth the money to me"
,Recommended,313120,28551011,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,_superDuper__,"I want to start off simple in saying that this game is absolutely great. I saw this game online, and once I got it I realized the graphics were perfect for my (honestly) somewhat low spec mac. The game impliments simple textures and lighting in such a way that the game simply looks great, and in the process runs well. While I could definitely stand for a more prominent danger aspect in this game (maybe some sort of animal or monster) the survival aspect really hits it on the nose: I had some difficulty keeping my thirst quenched in the beginning of the game, which was a pleasant struggle. Now as I continue into the crazy building and traveling story I keep being surprised by every new thing I find and craft. I would recommend this to anybody and hope the developers expand on the limitless playing field that is this game!"
,Recommended,313120,28615859,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BasebinGames,I love Stranded Deep but have not had the money to buy it. I just recently bought it and the new update bothered me with the new Interface. Could you please make a setting to switch between interfaces.Thanks
76561198157840634,Recommended,313120,23670466,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,CryoJihn,"Its a fun game, i hope it becomes multiplayer some day"
,Recommended,313120,23828337,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ClmA,"Well, this game is fun, it is great to pass the time and is very enjoyable. I love survival games, and this is the perfect one! However, it needs updating. Firstly it will just randomly quit your game and go to the main menu, because you have run out of health and tragically died. This is realistic yes, but it doesn't tell you to start a new game or explain that your health is gone. This sucks, they should at least  explain your death. Secondly, the game will only let you save from a shelter. So of course, first you have to build one, which is fine, but it is annoying in the way it doesn't autosave. I also don't think your health goes back up. I don't think the achievements work either.... Oh well.All negativity to the side, I will say it is a very entertaining game! Recommended."
76561198116363386,Recommended,313120,28462760,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,El_Jorji,"Great game!Although its still in Early acces, it has so much potencial!kill sharks, build a shelter, hunt and plant for food! Explore new islands and collect new useful items!Buying this game is a good idea, when uts finished you're sure in for a treat!Buying the game also means you will suppport the developer/s."
,Recommended,313120,19079758,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Sfinn,"[Im only recommending this game because the premise and potential are both great. I truly beleive that this game will be absolutely outstanding...in a few years. As of now, i wouldnt advise actually buying it. But just keep an eye on this game at the very least.]Because at this rate, its going to be a WHILE. The problem is that despite the amazing graphics and well executed concept, the devs are more busy fixing the bugs that they shouldnt have released the game with and don't seem to care about what we want. We want more items. More animals. More biomes. And most of all, more updates. Sure, you cant just keep adding more stuff because the bugs would keep building up right? Well dont put a game on early release if you are just going to leave people in wait with not even enough content to last us a few days. Look we fixed a few bugs in the last month! And we added this kind of rendering and this kind of terrain! But dont worry! The best you can do for now is build stuff out of sticks and go diving for a copy of that machete you acquired through 5 minutes of gameplay-just like last month. And the month before that. For all you other guys who bought this game the day it came out thinking it would surpass the forest, im sorry. That game is getting items and bug fixes MUCH faster than Stranded Deep. If staff is an issue, hire some more people for christ sakes. Because as this game is now, its graphics and wow factor won't mean much in 3 years. Anyway, it looks good and IF ITS EXECUTED PROPERLY, could be one of my favorite survival games of all time. So hopefully we will get more content in these infrequent updates. And hopefully this will become a game to remember before other games cause it to fade into the background."
,Recommended,313120,22147268,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Not An Engineer,ACHIEVEMENTS ARE BROKEN FOR ME PLS FIX IT GOD DAMIT OTHER THAN THAT THIS GAME IS AWESOME
76561198151239497,Recommended,313120,19402419,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,harlow112,how do you get the experimental its a good game but i want to try the experemental
,Recommended,313120,14914747,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HiFlyinLowlife,"*Starts the game, Menu system pops up.*""Oh this reminds me of the forest...""*sees plane scene*""Uhh... yeah""*Crash and get in a raft to get chased to the shore by a shark.*""Nevermind""I'm only 9 hours into this game and I can say it is some of the most enjoyable gaming I've had in a bit. The graphics are EXCELLENT for the modest price tag, even on a sub-par system. The sounds are well thought out. With a few glitchy physics jumps and minor grahpic bugs some might call cheats, this title is well on the way to being a steam favorite.While you seem relatively safe on your island from the sharks, unless you are very lucky with a randomly seeded island stocked with plenty to eat and drink, you are still going to die without venturing off your island. Luckily, you can take the raft to the next island... Unluckily, one of the shark's favorite games is ""Lauch the survivor off the raft"". Sharks aren't even your only issue. There are lionfish in the waters that deliver a nasty sting that, if left untreated, can cause your arm to almost glow in the dark.Islands are not too far, but, they are far enough so that you can swim, for example, due east, make it to an island, look behind you, and see two very similar islands. You will have a moment or two when you think ""I made it!"" just to turn around and wonder exactly which island is home.Most of your best items to collect, however, aren't on the islands. Shipwrecks dare you to dive down underwater to search them, with your limited breath, to try to find better stuff to make your life of being stranded a little easier.You will face moments where you are in the jaws of a great white, break free, swim to an island just to fall out of a tree gathering much needed food. Anticlimatic as hell, but that's life here in the game world.The Devs seem to be active and working on ways to make this immersive(submersive?) experience even better, but as it is, it is a fantastic ride for the asking price.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,313120,17251316,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Beeamo,"I joined the game and loved the graphics maybe because my computer could play ultra and started my adventure to find food,water, and shelter I countinued to find that there were alot of awesome places to go like not only islands but under the water far in there were boats up onto of the water there are little areas medal structures left there for years maybe decades with important stuff like water, axes, lights, things that go to a whole propeller to get going fast on a stick raft. I love this game through and through"
,Recommended,313120,17256788,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,✪Epyk™,"This is a great game, but after a while it gets boring. REALLY needs multiplayer, a real body and not an invisible person, and more things to do. But otherwise this is a really good game, for an early-access game."
76561198196096505,Recommended,313120,17340565,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Billybob The Cheeseburger,"You land on your island, gather materials, and build a spear to kill crabs. You go to find a crab nest, and see a shark swimming near the shore. You stand close to the water, stabbing at the shark when it comes close. You hit it a few times, but then the thing LUNGES UP OUT OF THE WATER, grabs you, and drags you into the sea. 10/10 would scream and rage quit again."
,Recommended,313120,22040912,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,delusional,"A lot has changed in this game! I bought it very early, and the devs steadily improved the game. I really like the overhauled crafting system, Islands are now bigger and a little closer to each other, which I like very much. The inventory is bigger now I believe, also a great thing. All of the changes prompted me to start surviving anew, and the new materials that were recently added to the game make building sheds more fun. Sharks are still scary as ever.There are some minor things that I don't like yet, for example there seems to be no way to swap inventory items as of now which is a pain, and a lack of intuitive hotkey support for the crafting menu. I believe I paid 15€ for the game and it was well worth it. If the devs keep improving this game like they do, then it will become one of my favorites."
76561198275991491,Recommended,313120,23178100,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,jack-jones,Very good please the intensity of the sharks are sometimes overwhelming as I have fear of shark
76561197978832149,Recommended,313120,23204611,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,flinteryk,"i enjoy this game, its a bit slow to update but over all i really enjoy it, lots of easter eggs hidden around. the main problem i have is the islands being so damn small. as dumb as it sounds, makes survival really hard heh but also makes it very little point in building a house as you will just have to abandon it to find more food and supplies.currently i would give this game a 5/10 just due to lack of content and island size. im sure the game will grow over time and my rating will go up to reflect that."
76561198209239097,Recommended,313120,23462625,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Autojack37,"Dear People who made ""Stranded Deep"" (moderators), I got stranded deep like 1 hour ago (10:20 pm June 6,2016) . I got on and when I played, the screen went into wierd rainbow colors. And I wasn't able to play the intro. So when the intro ended, I still had a colorful screen. So I moved the mouse around and then it went white,but when I think when I looked down, I still saw a colorful screen. And it was acting really slow when I went to the menu,and when I played. I looked in options, and there was nothing I could do about it. And this computer is fine in good shape,no virus, just fine screen. I think it's a bug. So can you please help fix it? And please let me know if it's a bug. P.S. when i'm on the menu it's fine and so is the title screen,but when I go to menu it it's slow,so can you please fix that? Have a good day! And THANK YOU!!!!! Oh also, I give this game thumbs up because I like wachting youtubers play this game. It looks like a really nice game. Good job!!!"
,Recommended,313120,23494831,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,"F. Gump,  Mechanical Engineer","Great game, the fact that only 2 guys are making this is absolutely incredible. Recommended."
,Recommended,313120,23590324,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Howling(csgokingdom),"The game is great, but there are some problems with it. First is that for some reason I can't pick up or interract with the bucket. Also make the bull sharks lower in number and less agressive, because I can't do anything in the water- 1) can't go to another island, 2) can't check any ship wrecks and stuff like that."
,Recommended,313120,17254488,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,reckinggames2025,"So I thought this was gonna be kinda the same thing over and over and over again buts it not, you have so much stuff the do you can't help but keep playing and on top of that  the graphics are pretty amazing, there are still a few bugs but when i get to a bug i can save my game go back to the menu and as soon as I come back it's perfect again. It's difficult untill you can get the hang of it, the crafting can get really confusing so you may have to look it up I mean psshh i bossed it and totally never had to look up how to do anything cause im just that good... just kidding but it's really fun and you should really give it a try."
,Recommended,313120,17257571,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,sevenseventyseven7,"Stranded Deep is an epic tale of survival. This game is full of easter eggs. I won't spoil it for you, but some have wondered what the point of the Label Maker is. To use it, you need to right click on an object once you can see it's name, then you can rename it what ever you want!I was particularily pleased with the graphics, particularily the sunrises. If you get the chance, just sit and watch one. It is one of the best effects I've yet seen in a game.I also love the stats meter. I wish there was a reminder, like, at the start of the game which told you how to use it, though. I was so confused about the beeping at first. I spent the first few days having no idea if I was hungry or thirsty or what!Pro's:lots of easter eggs, Impossible to ever be too OP, interesting weather patterns, lovely graphics, extremely realistic.Con's:I dunno. Sharks, maybe? They kill you so fast. Then again, that kind of adds to the game."
,Recommended,313120,17330208,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Krabsterz14,> founds wollie> plays with wollie> taking wollie on a raft trip> shark hits our raft> losts wollie> cries10/10 would see wollie again :`)
76561197990697030,Recommended,313120,22049442,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ENDILE,Personally I hate the ocean every time I go near it I think of a shark this game brought my nightmare to life you are some guy who's playing crashed into the ocean you wind up on the beach of a small island your job is to survive I highly recommend this game because it adds Thriller good luck
,Recommended,313120,23261908,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,!N1C0,"Love the game, can`t wait for more updates!"
76561198307441112,Recommended,313120,23355602,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,toybonniefnaf252,great game!!!hope this will out for htc or oculus!!!
,Recommended,313120,22094066,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Master_Thertes,"Great game, so far so good. Would like to see small-scale multiplayer features (i.e. up to 4 players per server, otherwise it would get stupid).Thanks for the great game, keep up the updates..."
,Recommended,313120,23366822,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,XFCor,"Would be nice if you guys add Multiplayer or atleast make us able to play with friends. This game gets boring after some time after playing. Making the islands bigger like  that and not adding any fun facs to the game aint making it more interesting thoe ^^ Hopping for island to island to get trees aint cool as well add some replating stuff & things. [BE More Creative Please] """""
76561198238163028,Recommended,313120,23367829,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Farmers Insurance,I love this game its one of the best survival games i've played in a long time i can even say that im playing on the version 0.04.h2 (cause i dont have a good computer) and its still an amazing game it amazing even on laptop settings it just looks beautiful.
76561198192628181,Recommended,313120,23368513,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ʎʇᴉʇuƎ-lɐɔᴉssɐlƆ,"This game is amazing! Finally a survival game in my intrest! However, I wish that there was a creative mode where you could do what ever and spawn what ever without gathering items, dieing, or having to eat, that would be cool, but the creators don't have to add this, but I recommend they do. Besides that, this is an awesome game! :D"
76561197961850743,Recommended,313120,23372537,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Parker,"Great game so far.  It seriously needs Oculus VR support however.. it would dominate that medium with its interactive crafting, beautiful scenery and below water experience.That said.. I've mastered moving between islands and having supplies on each.  There's not much left to do and all of that done in 15 hours.There needs to be some additional elements that I think would REALLY improve the game:- Tropical storms that destroy, OR leave, new gear and wrecks- Massive waves that would topple your boat- Spreading fires that could devastate an island- End game planes you can summon for rescue.. perhaps you need to accomplish 10 things to get rescued.. a signal fire, a flare gun, HELP spelled out on the beach.. etc.- Pirates?- Cannibalistic tribes?- Fire ants?- Other castaways?- Bird hunting- Birds and rats stealing food?- Abandoned scientific, military base or weather station installation?Just some thoughts.  Looking forward to more!"
,Recommended,313120,23379302,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Retarded Reindeer,"I originally bought this game a few months after it's release, and back then didn't particularly fancy it as the process of adding new features wasn't fast enough for the amount of people buying it because of it's potential. Now, however, with the new features being added fairly frequently, I've really got into the gameplay of it and how creative and well thought out this game has become through the months.>Outstanding graphics>Eventful, packed of things to do>Well thought out>Worth the money>Frequently adding features.8/10 - Bit slow at the beginning, but soon picked itself up and has reached it's potential!"
76561198308706217,Recommended,313120,23415671,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,hardlynotharry,"Good game, nice graphics with alot of in-game features such as the crafting interface."
,Recommended,313120,23477017,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Liquor Ball,its a good game but after like 20 or 30 days i ran out of thing to do but get the moter boat but its such a pain but when you do get it i ran out of thing so i got mods problem solved noe all the mods are out dated many updates later im hooked again
76561198185367667,Recommended,313120,23479632,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JM,Its great but on mac its weird i mean the game is good but on mac sometimes you cant use mouse or sometime you can build anything or break anything like a tree you can only break little and i mean little treesI mean its good i would reccomend it but please  make it work better for mac please
76561198087604131,Recommended,313120,23490033,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Exobass,"Das Spiel ist eigentlich sehr witzig und gut gemacht doch beim starten eines neuen Spiels bekomme ich entweder keine oder nicht alle Starteitems wäre schön wenn das behoben werden könnte.The game is very funny and good maded, but when I start the game I dont get any or all starteritems. I hope this bug will be fixed soon :D"
,Recommended,313120,23537855,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,i tend to burn stuff down,REALLY FUN AND PROMISING BUT.....  the map editor is broken plz fix in the next update other than that this game has come along way from when it was first released
76561198034345461,Recommended,313120,23644560,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,🌐,"I have to say this is the realistic suvival game i've ever played, plenty of stuff to do with the new updates. Would recomend it for anyone looking for a hardcore survival."
,Recommended,313120,28135145,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Naughty Penguin,Ive played alot of survival games but this feels alot different.Gathering resouces doesnt feel like a chore and has survival based crafting not just houses.Awesome game and read its getting MP so even better.
,Recommended,313120,28136842,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Neonsmiley,"Yeah its a long term Beta, Beam Team Pty Ltd is an independent video game studio based in Brisbane, Australia.The team consists of two developers, Ben Massey and Sam Edwards. That's two guys, not a dev team army like some games, so if you are interested in survival crafting games, with massive quantities of content and weekly updates, this is not the game for you. What you do get for your money is a slowly expanding game that appears to be crafted by people who care.Theres no cannibals, dinosaurs, or zombies to kill you ingame, only snakes, sharks and poisonous fish, and as multiplay hasnt been added yet, you can play at your own pace without fear of hoardes of school wagging kids destroying your shack while you are not there. A map editor is included for builder junkies like myself. While this game is a long way behind the forest, rust and others of that ilk, it is as i said, being made by a small but enthusiastic Dev Team.If you are looking for a completed bugless game, go away, this is not for you, I dont want to see your whinings in the forums. However if you actually understand what an Early Access game is, and enjoy relaxed open world survival games you might enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198316842044,Recommended,313120,28300305,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,fire_ice9112001,Overall this game is decent.  Looks great and was stable-I don't think I've ever crashed.  Right now the game lacks a lot of depth and is a bit too easy to survive but this makes it a fairly relaxing game.  As it stands now it is a nice little diversion for a few hours but if they continue to improve the game/add depth it will be a gem.If you are looking for relaxing game to spend a few hours a week on this is the game for you.  If you want an in-depth survival simulation then this game will likely disappoint in its current form.
,Recommended,313120,28404919,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alice~Wanders,I LOVE this game. Its great! I sing the highest praise!!! FOR NOW there isnt a storyline so it can get a bit repetitive but with each update they come out with I get more and more intrigued! deff worth it!!!
76561198220090556,Recommended,313120,17250162,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,Its an insanely good game but it needs multiplayer to get a 10/10
76561198154369462,Recommended,313120,17254486,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,RazorBlade195,"Great game!!!! has some bugs, and I personally think that the trees should grow back, and you can break those big rocks!5/5!"
76561198073820860,Recommended,313120,17334522,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,~xXMuffinXx~,"I really like survival games, and stranded deep is one of my favorite in this genre.The surroundings are pretty and I really like the atmosphere of the game.The game mechanics are good in my opinion and I haven't run into that many glitches,except for a shark air launch from time to time.The elements in the game are well thought out (like the illness,rash etc) and add to the survival aspect.It is pretty obvious tho that this game is early acces ,wich results in not that many craftable content or things to do.The islands and the paddling to them can get pretty repetitive and since you can't carry a lot you are forced to venture out to other islands for trees etc.I do expect good things for this game in the future since the devs are active and work on updates for the game.Overall it's a really good lookin relaxing game with ,at least in my eyes, a lot of potential."
,Recommended,313120,21910290,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,tsavt_tanem,"I've been playing this game for about an hour per major update, and I've had a great deal of fun. However the game is in complete as it is in early access. The gameplay is ever improving and there is always something new to find and use. The game is far from complete and still needs a lot of polishing, but it is still very fun to play every now and then.Gameplay:Pros:1. very intuitive2. differentCons:1. movement and animation is somewhat sticky.Graphics:Pros:1. so beautifulCons:1. so beautiful(but only from up close) work on your dang LODS Devs please im begging you.As this game is in early access please expect there to be bugs as there will be many but also dont give it too much hate. The Devs are great and listen to the community which is also very good for these sort of games. Devs if you read this please fix the lods all the others graphics tweaks can wait. please this will make the game so much nicer."
76561197991803312,Recommended,313120,28315895,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,trevor_risdal,A lot of improvements over the past 6 months.  I know this one will make it out of EA some day.
,Recommended,313120,28405643,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,:),"Great Game, Just needs more to do more sunken ships and stuff like that. also make More things to drink or make thurst not go down as much, Other then that Really good game!"
,Recommended,313120,17250136,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bubble muffins,Great Survival Game 10/10
76561198119607439,Recommended,313120,17335824,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nova The Kid,"I think this game was very boring at first and said to myself: ""This is a waist of $15.00."" But with the new updates I tried it again and it's a lot better than it was at first. people keep commenting on how the physics in this are terrible! I agree, but they haven't been more fun! have you ever wanted to pick up a palm tree by it's trunk and throw it into the ocean? well if so this games physics are just right for you.7/10 would throw a palm tree into the ocean again."
,Recommended,313120,22068116,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Safari Browser,"So I love survival games, but stranded deep has to be one of my absolute favorites. You can explore things from shipwrecks to sea fortresses, and build things from water collectors to houses to boat motors. The graphics look really realistic and each new update makes the game better than it was."
,Recommended,313120,23073237,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,honeybadger209,"A very splendid game, very immersive and very fun once you understand the mechanics. I have not ran into any bugs or other game issues so far.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!"
,Recommended,313120,23296881,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,POLYBIUS,"Recomend with caution.Great game, but it in in late alpha - early beta state.You will get a few hours of fun but honnestly not alot of end game.After a few ingame days you will have just about everything you need to survive."
,Recommended,313120,23483029,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,salad 2.0,awesome game but its missing alot of content (in my opinion)i would add bigger islands and more seacreatures and more building options. i would make it harder to find food and if u cut down to many trees they wont regrow etc.but the game is still pretty good. 7/10
76561198153987707,Recommended,313120,23516106,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Amazing Rando,"Fantastic visually, and has so much potential. I hope the updates keep coming.Genuinely needs to be more difficult."
76561198163275606,Recommended,313120,23529878,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,hunter_cat,i love it it is fun when you now how to craft
,Recommended,313120,23532139,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FalksYT,it is a very good game wiyh asome graphics
,Recommended,313120,23537557,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,oJokerAUo,Sick game!! Really enjoy playing this
76561198273983153,Recommended,313120,28146327,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dancing Betty,Great time killer. I found much enjoyment playing this game so far. Only draw back is how lonely you can feel :/.
76561198268960371,Recommended,313120,23239882,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,"It's quite strange,Recently I've noticed the shark's population has been lowered. Very rarely do I ever see a shark. In fact I only saw one since I've been playing the past 3 months, and the only time I saw it was when I spawned. And since then I can't find any. If you are new to the game the sharks are really the only threat that I know of so the game becomes pointless if there is no enemies.But a lot of other people have found sharks and seem abundant in other games, so I may have some sort of bug, maybe I need to tweak the in-game settings.It's a fun little game that requires work, but it is progress at a fair rate and I feel the devs care about the game unlike a lot of survival type games that are hard to program which the developers give up on the game and cash in the check.Since it has really no story at the moment the hours of gameplay really differ from person to person. I play it very little but that is me, my standards of video games is high because I expect the best when it is often not found in the current market. So this inde game is worth the time and will be enjoyable and is one of the leaders in open world survival games that you will see on steam. Be aware that this game is not finished so don't expect a perfect experience and gameplay without bugs and glitches."
,Recommended,313120,23257172,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Aakryd,"I purchased this game on the day it was released and I enjoyed it even though there was very little content compared to now, v0.12. The I very much enjoy how they updated the graphics the DX-11 and makes it a much more enjoyable game. The only downside I have towards this game is the new crafting mechanics as I much preferred the idea of hovering over the items and building the tools needed without a crafting screen as it takes way to long to make multiples of items. Overall I enjoy this game and would recommend it despite the new crafting method."
,Recommended,313120,23485514,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cockroach,"How to become the ULTIMATE sailor.-Build a sail boat. (EZ PZ)-Sail the high seas in search of booty.-Find mean booty.-Heart beats.-♥♥♥♥ throbs.-A shrimp is near...-Pull out lantern cause you're badass and you didn't make a spear.-Go up for air, come back down son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ isn't in sight.-♥♥♥♥er swims passed you, all you see is ""Great White Shark"".-Realize how boned you are, make a dash for the surface.-Shrimp bites your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, guess what? no bandages.-Get on boat, gloat at shrimp.-Shrimp swims under boat, boat flies 250 yards away and is flipped over.-Sea ferring days... over. Blood... gone. Shrimp... still there. Dignity... farewell.""You can ♥♥♥♥ Jill on the hill but you still ain't Jack."" - Marshall Mathers"
,Recommended,313120,23505483,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bergman ツ CSGOatse.com,I like the game! :)
,Recommended,313120,23523248,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,JackTheRipper,why i have only 5 animals?
,Recommended,313120,24365352,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,kev,"this game was amazing about a year or so ago, the crafting was ingenious and survival was actually challenging but fun, since recent updates its changed to a very bland game, crafting is way too simple now and i can even light a fire without any tools, surviving is now way too easy, thus making this game obselete... such a shame.. wish i could go back to the first initial release.EDIT: they updated the game and its much better, ignore all above this ^ 8/10"
76561198176854665,Recommended,313120,14411535,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DAM ITS DOM,Really good and well done a early access game10/10
76561198071123573,Recommended,313120,14277366,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Spencer Bin-Laden,"Day 1: Drank martini and crashed plane. Found an exit and got to an island located suspiciously close to the plane. Climbed tree to get coconuts, fell off and died.1000/10 Would die from falling out of a tree again."
,Recommended,313120,14233922,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,(((McSp00ky))),Got stuck in a boat anchor in on the first day and spent 30 minutes tryting to get out. 11/10
76561198053564943,Recommended,313120,14184071,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Oprah,Tried to get to another islandPaddled for 40minsRaft brokeSwam for another 20minsFinally got to an islandRealized it was where I started.Alt+F4
76561198071430243,Recommended,313120,15766209,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mynamachef,This game is pretty good but sometimes things can do seem a bit pointless and the only trouble i have is getting right into it and being enthusiastic. It also works on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer now! :D
76561197969680020,Recommended,313120,14136952,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Otreum,"TL;DR:Buy it, it's cheap and feels more like a beta than an early alpha due to how polished it is.-----------------------------So far, so good.Many people complain about early access games, mainly about how much it costs to get something so unfinished, but some early access games come out that are reasonably priced for the features and fun factor that they offer.This game is one of them.On the topic of pricing, most games in the genre are $30-$40 for far from finished products, but I have paid more than that for less than what this game has already offered me in the minimal time I have played.And to put things into perspective, $15 is what it costs me for a decent lunch meal while I'm at my day job and it only lasts me about 15 mins, only to give me a belly ache later. So $15 for something that gives me hours of fun is $15 well invested, especially considering the potential that this game has.After buying the game, I was pleasantly surprised at the small file size of the game download (~400mb), so downloaded it immediately.When I started playing, I had already read from some reviews that the sharks don't actually attack the player, and this kind of made me feel a little disappointment, as I wasn't really that scared of going in the water....at least until I was in the water, diving down into a ship-wreck to salvage any goodies that I could salvage, then, despite having read that sharks don't attack, I was starting to panic a little.Thank goodness, I was not attacked, thus I felt that what I read, was confirmed, and these sharks weren't your typical every day survival game monster that is craving your blood or brains.So I proceeded towards the shore of a nearby island, impressed that to move my little raft, I had to first pick-up the paddle inside of it, but I had to click to use the paddle in the water and move forward towards the shore.Once I was on shore, I found that I could drag my raft, so proceeded to do so, making sure that the raft does not drift away while i'm not watching or something, not that it mattered, because I could just swim out to it and not be fearful of death by shark. :)So I gathered some stuff, built some stuff, gathered more stuff, killed some crabs, cooked some crabs, and noticed that there was some bubbling in the water just off the shore. It was too far for me to bother swimming, so after being all fed and ready, I decided to drag my raft to the other side of the little island I was on, and venture to the bubbling, suspecting that it was some kind of give-away that there was treasure to be found at the bottom of the ocean at that location.I was not wrong, after having jumped off my raft, swam down to another ship-wreck, finding myself some more commercially made items (rather than my rock axe that I just built).On my way up, I saw a shark, and despite me having been convinced that they do not attack, I still felt my heart racing, especially considering how the shark kept circling me and almost seemingly looking at me while doing so...it was creepy.Especially since it was now very dark, almost night-time and it's silhoette was made more apparent from the light shining through the oceans ripples above.So I swam towards my little life raft, which I somehow drifted away from, when suddenly, I was pulled under water, blood clouds and all, before I noticed that I had in fact, been grabbed by the great white shark that was circling me, and all I could do was watch as I was being dragged into the depths below, by this point, it was incredibly dark, almost pitch black.I scrambled my keyboard for my knife, and so whipped it out and started stabbing the shark in the head....he actually let go, and I was amazed by this. I forgave the game for not messing me up more than the attack should have, and decided to try and swim towards the surface....Well, It was REALLY DARK, and my vision was now darker after the attack, so I had no idea which way I was swimming. I eventually caught a glimpse of light glistening through the surface above, I swam up frantically when all of a sudden....I got attacked again, and dragged back down below into the depths, probably for a night time nibble for the sharkies.And with that, it was game over. :(I was really happy with the shark AI. Most games would just make the shark into some horrifying monster of death that would pursue you like the terminator, but nope, these sharks behaved a little like their real life counter-parts, curiously inspecting you to check you out.The models for the sharks are amazing too, they don't look silly, nor do they look like they are permanantly gritting their teeth with some cheesy sharky smile.Not only that, but their animations are fluid and believable, which I guess is what made it so scary to go under-water in the first place.As for the cons, there is nothing really all that major, other than the shark AI not really reacting properly when the player attacks the sharks, but that wouldn't be hard for the developers to touch on later.I will let anybody reading this review decide on what is bad and what is not.But for an early access game, all of the features in it so far, are really well done, it feels polished, it doesn't feel like i'm playing a pre-alpha, but more like i'm playing a beta version that just needs additional features.I look forward to where the developers are heading with this game, as I've been waiting for a proper island type survival game ever since I played a game called ""Stranded II"".Do I recommend this? Absolutely, buy it!"
,Recommended,313120,14536590,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,arthyr,You can find Wilson.11/10
,Recommended,313120,14813994,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,pakpak,This is the best survival type of game I have seen so far.  I hope they expand it beyond Beta or else I'll be changing this review... :)
76561198114826424,Recommended,313120,14134726,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Stanli,"**Will update periodically, stay tuned**If you are a fan of the book Robinson Crusoe and the movie Castaway this is definitely the right game for you. Lots of potential, stunningly beautiful, and also reminds me of the other favorite game of mine in development: 'The Forest'. This game is a great refresh from the usual land stricken zones we have been playing in (ie Day Z, Rust, and 7 Days to Die).Now some things to point out:- The crafting system does need a little more work as it gets confusing on how to craft certain items.- Ability to create a knapsack.- I would also like to see bigger islands (but not too big; I trust the devlopers will find that sweet spot as the other focus is the ocean below us).- More graphic tweaks sunrays and such.- A UI to tell if my character's current mood/status (hunger, feels, etc).- Craftable fishing rods (I haven't come across it yet, correct me if i'm wrong).But other than that this game is heading in the right direction and I will enjoy future updates to it! :)P.S. Devs can you add the capabilities where we can create our 'Wilson' like in the movie Castaway?(Update 01/23/2015: Wilson has been found!)"
,Recommended,313120,14178361,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Creed Bratton,"So far, this game is pretty good. I love the graphics and animations. I know it's missing a few big things, but let's all take it easy because it's sure to come. Some of these things include, Online multiplayer, achievements that actually unlock, bigger islands, more animals, more food, etc. I can see this game becomming something really good. Let's just pray the Dev's don't abandon this game like many others do. Overall. I highly recommend this game to any survival game fan. :)"
,Recommended,313120,14464352,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TinianD,awsome game but to make it better add an idicator of were your house is i keep losing mine
,Recommended,313120,14547933,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,PhantomRaptor,"OverviewStranded Deep is a very interesting and promising indie game currently in early access, offering an unlimited world and awesome wildlife to interact with and discover. Well, it does fulfill these promises, however it isn't exactly content filled at the moment, which is understandable considering I am writing this review at Alpha v0.02. It is fun building your own houses and fire pits with an original and well done crafting system. With that said, there are still quite a few bugs in the game that stop me properly enjoying it. Whilst there isn't a huge variety of animals at the moment it is great diving down to the deep with a torch, exploring and discovering the types of marine wildlife that you can find there. That said, there are a few annoying points. One of them is the bleeding debuff, this will be given to you if you get bitten by one of the two sharks in the game, a Tiger Shark or a Great White. It deals about .15% damage to health every second and whilst you will be able to survive for a very long time, you wont be able to get rid of it without finding two very rare items, only found at the bottom of the sea in shipwrecks, to craft a bandage to cancel the debuff. Whilst this is annoying, you can get around it by... not poking the shark with an axe. Yeah.Positive+ Graphics+ Original Crafting System+ Interesting wildlife+ Dedicated developersNegative- Light on ContentConclusionStranded Deep is a slightly buggy, but beautiful experience but there isn't a huge amount of content to be enjoyed yet, however it has a dedicated team of developers who are issuing regular updates!"
,Recommended,313120,14266036,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dick Kickem,Swimming simulator 2015Shark Killer simulator 2015castaway the gameMLG 360 NO SCOPE HARPOON GUN ON A SARDINE simulator 201510/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,313120,14152167,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Papa Jibb,"I've anticipated this game for quite a while, and now that it's out I know that it is exactly what I expected! An amazing game. It makes you feel like you are really on an island, stranded, starving, thirsty, scared, and you still have that sliver of hope that you will make it alive off of the island and make it home to your family and friends. If they add multiplayer to this game, it would be absolutely brilliant! 10/10 :DP.S. I found Wilson.. The volley ball with a face and hair for those of you who don't know who he is. I took him and brought him to my island and set him down next to my bed.. Makes me feel like Tom Hanks :D"
,Not Recommended,313120,32779700,Posted: 25 June,all,Welshdragon12,"Screen Tearing and Bugs, but it's a cool concept that ultimatley is excecuted poorly."
,Not Recommended,313120,33079849,Posted: 1 July,all,Proxy,"I've watched this game grow for some time now. Honestly I wish I could give this a positive review because I can see the potential. Unfortunately however, at this stage I simply can't.I'm just hoping beyond hope that this game is salvageable.The game started off as a simple, castaway survival and I happily sat through all the bugs and glitches knowing it was in 'Early Alpha' and though graphics and glitches have somewhat improved, overall gameplay has gone down. It seems as though there is no goal. The game just feels... Empty. With nothing to strive for apart from gathering supplies from wreckage just to get by, this game gets boring. FAST.What was once a simple, enjoyable survival game that looked like it had a destination, is now a time consuming bore to play.In trying to make the game more ""sophisticated"" they've made it overcomplicated and a heart ache to progress, at a resonable pace.At this point in time I can't recommend it but I do hope in the future I can change my opinion."
76561198039251222,Recommended,313120,25361258,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Asbjornsen,This game is scarier then most of the horror games out there.
76561198208976796,Recommended,313120,25366767,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,montanacolvin,"Great graphics, runs well and good gaeplay mechanics."
,Recommended,313120,25416609,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CoconutFan123,"Pretty good so far, JUST DO'T UNDERSTAND IT."
,Recommended,313120,25442330,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BV.SOLAR,ITS♥♥♥♥
76561198166453378,Recommended,313120,25446481,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Dragon Master,"Love the game, but it would be really nice if I could travel between islands without the game lagging so badly it's impossible to play :/ Not sure if it's my computer that's the problem or not.Some of the graphics are a bit glitchy, but they don't interfere with the actual game play, but otherwise I'd recommend the game to anyone with a good computer."
76561198329743252,Recommended,313120,25521231,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Australian,It is worth a buy mean for 14.99$ game you will most likely get enjoyment if you like survival games then buy it it looks great plays great!
,Recommended,313120,25218603,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,abomb,its a realy fun game but i hate how the totorial is gone and it needs it back
76561198013337260,Recommended,313120,25595974,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,rdkearney,Better than no mans sky
,Recommended,313120,19749113,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,hej jeg en trump. stop,Please make multiplayer
,Recommended,313120,19853651,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,rvtor.SL,"With 50+ hours into Stranded Deep, it ranks a 8/10 for me.Pros+ The graphics are smooth.+ Game runs well, even on my Mac.+ Cool building mechanics (though I haven't been able to see the newer ones due to something I will speak of later).+ Being underwater makes me be constantly on the lookout for sharks [:(]+ Time works+ Sunsets and sunrises are beautiful+ Turtles+ Mod support+ Coconuts+ Sharks+ Islands+ Bigger Islands+ Shipwrecks+ Skinning+ Updates+ Nice OST+ When I last played it had an awesome crafting system (I've seen some reviews that say it changed).Cons- Recently got a beefy PC and this was one of the first things I wanted to play. When I finally did play, it gave my computer a black screen that only hard resetting (or trying to find ""Sign Out"" in the non-existant Security Options) could fix.- Could use a little more optimization.- Updates have been inconsistent.- Not big enough islands [:(].- Needs everything they've promised- Co-op  * Now, I know some might say, ""This is supposed to be a game about being the only survivor of a plane crash!"" blah blah blah, (and I have seen the thread about that guy making a mod) but co-op would not only sell more copies, but people could get this certain atmosphere that really makes the game more fun.- Can't set trees on fire- Can't have turtle pets- Can't scream like a crazy man while throwing coconuts and flying into outer space-Doesn't let me get an Kalashnokov and shoot CT's- Can't become a crab [<3]Overall, Stranded Deep could use some more features, but doesn't really feel like a broken game (unless you're on my PC ;-;). It has large potential and Iwouldrecommend this to friends.Au revoir, RaiN."
76561198154113437,Recommended,313120,19622595,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Amptin,I could go on and list all the pros and cons telling you why you should or shouldn't play this game. but i think the best way to tell you about the game is simple. If you like to Survive in a open world water based enviorment then buy the game and if you dont like to dont buy it. I personally recommend this game becasue I think its a great game.
76561198148461605,Recommended,313120,19735683,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,GordiniTheGenie,"Although I do recommend this game, it doesnt have much to it. I dont know whether its beta or still early access, but it doesnt have a lot to it, like i said. It is a really good game though, and i suggest you buy it so the company can afford to make more features for the game."
76561198033314304,Recommended,313120,19911376,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shodan,i cant chop any trees with an axe or a sharp stone. i loaded the games a couple of times and still got the same problem. it would be nice if it was fixed
76561198143522208,Recommended,313120,26116571,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,litl snek,-crashed plane-woke up on raft-accidentally knocked paddle into water-swam down to get it-saw a family of stingrays-brutally massacred every single one-brought one up to shore-named him pancake-pushed raft to shore-found crab-smashed crab with coconut-named crab carl-saw shipwreck-saw angry shark in ship-names shark bobby-bobby grabs me and drags me down to bottom of ocean-glitched out of map-died10/10 made more friends than i have ever had
,Recommended,313120,19570321,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Potry,"it's a very good game, at least when you don't die"
,Recommended,313120,19609317,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Gu the Hat,"This game came out back in January, has it evolved.....sortaBack when I bought this game near launch I saw lots of promise in this game, I still see that. What has changed since? well the game was ported over to Unity 5, they add awesome waves (no really they are really awesome), they added a island editor, and the main thing that has happened since launch is that they completely rebuilt the building and crafting system (I have not had much practice with either of them, but it does seem it be a big improvement). Over all this game has changed alot, but also has not changed at all. If you still want pick it up in EA ( and did not pick it up before) buy it now, it has alot of promise and I hope in the coming year it reached my hopes that I had for it back in Jan."
76561198261171996,Recommended,313120,19610362,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The1ThatCan,"Hi developers, im having problems with trying to make the downgrade the game from this update. i mean like i like the update and all but its realy laggy. And also, i miss chopping down trees and stuff :(. So plz help me figure out how to downgrade the game so i can have no lag and chop down trees :)You probely not going to see this tho. :("
76561198166333222,Recommended,313120,19722804,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,dcarr,"I love the new update, farming soon to come. This is a very promising game and the devolpers are not giving up on it"
76561198174944649,Recommended,313120,19741025,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,claybone97,"Awesome survival game, like the forest, but on islands. If your into storyless, singleplayer survival games, this is a good one."
,Recommended,313120,19741785,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Esesa,"This game is fun.. It's a little bare in terms of content but I'm prett sure that situation will improve as this game progresses.. There's also a map editor which is really reaaally easy to use. If you take your time and put effort into it, you could make something really cool.. Sadly I dont feel like it most of the time lol.. This is early access after all but it's a great game to play.. I haven't bought an early access game in awhile but this is worth it."
,Recommended,313120,19743582,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wellington,"Yes there are many survival/crafting games out there, but this game has a different perspective on the genre. And I like that. But what really makes this game different and better than most? .... it's one of those very very rare games that is PvE .... phew !!!"
,Recommended,313120,26003330,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,drunknerd,"This game is the closest to Castaway you gan get. As soon as I woke up after the plane crash, I was freakin' blown away by the graphics. It's beautiful. Then you have nothing when you get to the island. That makes it more realistic. I love how you need lashings for mlost everything, It's annoying, but it's realistic. I never felt more like Bear Grylls before I played this game. Definetly reccomend it."
76561198041370768,Recommended,313120,28690834,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AKA_MacGyver,"Ok this game tends to get compared to subnautica a lot! I can understand why too they came out at the similar times and have a similar story line i.e. you play a survivor stranded on in a predominantly water based environment, however, There are some differences though!If you want a more light action packed style game with colourful graphics set in a futuristic environment with plenty of updates and more futuristic style of resource management with different creatures and tech to discover as well as an ever developing story line then go for Subn.If however you are looking for a more suspense based realistic (even if your watch knows how many days you’ve been stranded. Dude when did you ever think that you would need that feature, talk about raising a flag!) with great ambient music and don’t mind a game that is a little repetitive and yes it is procedurally generated but ultimately each play through will be similar.  Then get this.Personally I have both and I like both for different reasons the island edit and build feature is good in this and there is nothing scarier than rowing across the sea at night and hearing the music kick in that tells you that there is a shark nearby. Heck for kicks and giggle row out at night wait for the music and sit there just to see what they will do but umm maybe save first!Anyway I get side tracked this game is not bad and is updated fairly frequently just most of the resent update have been more around the crafting system and UI and to be honest they have been some nice and well-polished updates. My only advice is maybe wait for it to be on sale its likely a game you will pick up and put down or one you delete to make space for a resent purchase later down the line. Still I always come back to it but maybe that’s not saying much heck I never finished the main quests in skyrim because I keep restarting characters!Good luck and happy swimming!"
76561198158239050,Recommended,313120,19556207,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Brendansw1,It would be better if you could have multiple worlds saved rather than having to delete your current world whenever you want to start a new world. Other than that good
76561198132067095,Recommended,313120,19562133,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,fire-bug16,game gets to initialising objects and just freezes after updating today
,Recommended,313120,19947506,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scorpio,"BEWARE - MUCH IS MISSINGWhilst I have recommended this game, I do so because I feel it has potential rather than being a game that I can solidly invest a lot of time in.The mechanics, graphics, style and atmosphere in Stranded Deep are VERY addictive. I find myself getting lost in the world and trying to do lots of things to improve the life for my character who wakes up with almost nothing and needs your skill and planning to survive.The issue I have at the moment is that too much of the game is 'missing' or still 'in development'. I realise this is an early access game and that is the point, which is why I have given the game a thumbs up - for now. It seems there was a change in the way the game was being developed and a lot of things, most notably the crafting system, which is the absolute core of the game, have been taken back to the drawing board.As such, after about an hour of gametime, where you survive, learn to feed yourself and make a bed, there is very little in the game to actually do. Sure you can row your liferaft around to other places to explore and pick things up, but you can't currently DO anything with those things. You can look at them, but can't make a power boat or a raft of your own or anything other than the basic constructions afforded to you in the construction menu.My biggest concern with the game is - what happens then? If the devs add back in the crafting to make these things... what am I going to do? It's fun learning to survive for an hour or so, but then what? There seems to be a farming thing in development, but I can't see myself coming back to Stranded Deep unless there's more to do. It's a sandbox game, but at the moment the walls of the box are too restricted.Based on the work that's gone into it so far, I'm encouraged by the dev team and what they are doing. Hopefully my concerns will be allayed and the game will be improved in the new year. It's a great start, but be wary, it's very much 'EARLY' in the early access."
,Recommended,313120,19951302,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,"Leon ""Cheesecake"" Coretz","SD is a great idea, and I think is on track to being a great game. There's plenty of potential here, and while it is taking longer than I would like, I do see progress being made. That said, there are bugs. Fires stop cooking, you can get stuck in things (especially fire pits), trees used to, but can't be, chopped, the graphics need optimizing before it can run well, and other things. But from what I've read, and from looking at the bug tracker, it seems the devs are working on it.Good:Nice Idea/StoryVery Nice GraphicsCool Game MechanicsExcellent Exploration/Open WorldMap MakerBad:Story could be fleshed out moreMany Bugs, be they funny or frustratingMany Features missing or unfinishedI can't find a program to edit the .assets and .resources files; otherwise I'd fix some of these bugs myself.But you know what? It's an Early Access game. The cons listed here are going to be expected for such, and the game IS playable. Development may not be the fastest, but it is far from dead. I don't regret my purchase, and I look forward to what the future has in store for this game."
,Recommended,313120,19959685,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DJ Mercy,Cant find any sharks. 10/10
,Recommended,313120,19959927,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Deku,This is a good survival game I could see it being very popular in the futureWhen I got on the controls took time to learn but overall it's great
,Recommended,313120,20141581,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stetsonvader,"Good game! It's got about everything you ask for, and more!(if you liked watching castaway you will love playing stranded deep!)"
,Recommended,313120,20161199,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JaceIsEpic,"I have thalassophobia, I dont know why I have this game"
76561198097258743,Recommended,313120,20441349,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,wayzter,Love this game... Can't wait for it to be finished!
76561198132520994,Recommended,313120,23806501,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,smithyboi,Gr8 game. Loved it but gets quite repetitive.
,Recommended,313120,18953881,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Izanami #SAGE,Amazing Game i wish i could have more time to play it but with school its kinda hard if u have a lot of free time no wonder and just buy it :)
76561198137563306,Recommended,313120,19717540,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ZINK,this game is great allthoe im still waiting for it to inporve more items more stuff and hopefully guns so i can shoot them dang great whites
,Recommended,313120,19735666,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,LuhvHue,"The game is pretty decent, it gave me a good few hours of enjoyment, but it eventually gets pretty barren, and empty. I feel the game could be devolped far more, it just needs more sunstance. So if your intersted, ide say go ahead and get it, but you may want to whait till its officialy relaced (Whenever that is)."
76561198088716098,Recommended,313120,19740769,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nachos,you get to eat coconuts
76561198058569355,Recommended,313120,19740994,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,I-360-No-Scoped-JFK,"Pretty great, small indie with well optimized graphics. Kinda gets boring after a couple hours if you play too safe."
76561198065941321,Recommended,313120,19748464,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,jmiltoln1234,not a bad game be fun if it was multiplayer or co-op
76561198046013760,Recommended,313120,19751827,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,eobrion,i dont like the new update how do you get lashing or wuy dident i spwan on a plane it dident even tell me how to craft i thout this ws going to be fun but no its a piese of crap
76561198042425860,Recommended,313120,19753783,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Korvan,Don't go In the water unprepared!
76561198190527982,Recommended,313120,19209682,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Australian,good game there is huge graphics update soon so i would either buy the game now or  kep updated with huge graphics update then download it but its had update about 5 get it now10/10
76561198078409447,Recommended,313120,17335278,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ayyy cs.money,WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!IF YOU HAVE MAC OSX 10.6.8 IT WILL CRASH!!!!!!!!Dont worry! If you have this problem or are about to download stop and update your mac.I have experienced it with both my mac that are 10.6.8 and have also seen people complainingabout it  online.Anyway the game is very good and enjoyable so dont let the wait stop you from buying it..
76561198174575769,Recommended,313120,18315412,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DuckHammer,If you like survival games this is for you!
76561198241204372,Recommended,313120,18807131,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,hurleyjacob123,"Very fun, though I spawned in a middle of 2 tiger sharks."
,Recommended,313120,21668190,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Intergalactic Elite,With the new updates this game has only been getting better! I recommend it to anyone.
76561198122956399,Recommended,313120,21795167,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,dekaben,plese change the building system by adding roofs and actualy making you require leaves to build walls and change it back so you have to have supports utherewise it is just so unrealistic for a game with so much potential.please change to make the best game possible.
,Recommended,313120,21804838,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SgtBulletRiot,"Lots of fun, but the only ""tutorial"" it showed me was how to move my raft at the beginning, after that, I had to figure out literally everything, if you could fix that issue, that would be great. Love the survival aspect. if you guys could put in a hunger and thirst meter though so we're not left guessing how soon until we have to eat and drink again, that would be great as well! and maybe a guide in the pause menu. Over all, I really enjoy this game, I love games like this, but this has done a fantastic job of catching my attention, being able to build and craft is just awesome! although, I kind of wish the broken wooden barrels in the water were interactable, along with the starfish. I don't know if it's just me, but nothing has been spawning or nothing has been in those giant red cargo containers or toolboxes or anything like that. still love the game though! 8/10!!!! B)"
76561198113478525,Recommended,313120,23540151,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,WILLE5735,please make stranded deep to multiplayer and do so you can make a easy multiplayer-world for your friends.I realy like the game but if you play with your friends its gonna be more fun.+ make more items in the game and more thing to build.I realy want a bigger world in stranded deep. if you are in a mulit world can you raid basses and more athor stuff#strandeddeepmulti
,Recommended,313120,28616489,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Savic,There's a bug where if you sleep your fire goes into the ground and gets stuck and you can't start another fire. Please fix other than that a great game one of my favorite survival games. :D
,Recommended,313120,17378110,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,pussy pussy,all they need to add is multyplayer bettershading and a entrance thats not exactly the same as the forest but overall this is a incredible game
,Not Recommended,313120,17696262,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Scorch,"I wish I could get a refund. This game is pretty fun for a while and has the opportunity to become a great game, but the developers are hibernating. This game never gets updated anymore. It's Not worth buying as it is right now and it seems the developers scrapped the game."
76561198020389233,Recommended,313120,18793553,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,(Bro)Tailzy,"If there is any muliplatyer on this wonderful game, how do i acess it?"
,Recommended,313120,18864477,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,SGAShepp,"This game is on the right track and I feel it has as much potential as Minecraft did. Seriously.I have found no bugs so far (other than the very minor), and the engine performs great.What's left is content. As others have said it's serverly lacking in content thus far.It has the basics down and a good platform to build upon. I look forward to see what the Devs do with it next."
,Recommended,313120,18883002,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,KJM,WILSSSSSSSON WILSSSSSSSON IM SORRY
76561198253945957,Recommended,313120,18919002,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,titanic.laws,Ummmm... Where do I start. This game is AWESOME just needs a little bug fixed about the ****ING CAMPFIRES. I CANT MAKE FOOD AND I DIE.
,Recommended,313120,18994608,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Domestic Agriculture,"A very cool aspect game, hopefully they keep working on it and make it to where it needs to be. Craftable boat? <BOW AND ARROW> WITH ROPE LEASH? PLZ."
76561198168026237,Recommended,313120,17334338,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,BastardstaR,"I like to play this game and relax, is nice graphics and realistic enviroment. GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,313120,17620944,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Luka Thalius,"It can be repetitive, but I find it strangely addicting. The only thing that's a threat, other than dehyration or starvation, are the sharks. Terrifying as hell to me, but still worth killing for the meat. Shipwrecks and plane wrecks make looting fun, especially underwater.The only negative aspects I have encountered primarily have to do with updates and glitches. I saved a game on a raft and fell through it when I continued my game. My raft had completely disappeared. The player is no longer able to climb trees, but I feel that this will be returned once the game is completed.For now, I'll throw creatures at coconuts in order to survive.10/10 Would throw dead crabs at coconuts again."
,Not Recommended,313120,17731612,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Scrotum Sniper,"THE GAME IS OKAY BUT IS IS GOING ABSOLUTY NOWHERE ANYTIME SOO IF AT ALL DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY ADD SOME SERIOUS FEATURES OR GET SOMETHING IMPLEMENTED RIGHT!Lets go over everything they have done in there ""Early Acess"" Time frame on steam-Upgared to unity five ""A simple transition that DId nothing at all for the game""-Removed many beloved features such as "" CLimbing trees????"" ""ANd decreasing rocks spawns??????"" NEITHER WERE JUSTIFIED FOR BALANCING REASONS!!!!!-And threw a few ""Blog Updates"" With BS promises that were never fuffliledTHERE GAME SOLD LIKE HOTCAKES AND EVERYONES KNOWS ITIt has been six &(%@ING MONTHS !DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PERIOD"
76561198122485432,Recommended,313120,18799333,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,cha ase,"worst jumpscare of my life:playing stranded deep on laptopslight frame rate lagdecides to go to a new islandshark music startsone millisecond my raft does a backflipi fly into the watershark instantly bull rushes mei scream, fall out of my chair10/10"
,Recommended,313120,18808551,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Happy Hermit,"beautiful game.  I spent a good deal of time just wandering, surviving, exploring, creating something out of nothing. even navigating with good old pen and paper. best moment was strapping 3 outboard motors to my raft. still a bit buggy will check back in after more updates"
76561198253764666,Recommended,313120,18888206,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Minoku,"The game looks pretty good on ultra setting, but there are still some issues. As an early access game there really isn't much to do right now, but updates will add more hopefully. Biggest complaint I have is sharks grabbing me near the shore and dragging me through sold ground."
76561198071809742,Recommended,313120,19976424,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Puss in boots,They could name it Casta Away The Game. But really Wilson is there too. RIP Wilson 2000-2015
,Recommended,313120,20778908,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gaemr,Best ever.the need to add the stuff :)
76561198083421647,Recommended,313120,20808922,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Pine,"one awsome looking game (my computer doesnt really like it).they keep improoving the game and it´s defenitly worth it´s 15€ (i think 15$).there´s a lot of potential in this game and i can´t wait to see further updates, but i would love to see rafts where u can actually live on / houseboats.great work beam team :D"
,Recommended,313120,21525470,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Witten Da Kitten,"great game. very fun and creative. Its just, thet need to add multiplayer"
76561198087942218,Recommended,313120,21931043,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Snoot Salamander,"So I'm like some rich dude or something, going on a business trip on my spiffy private jet, and then the pilots are IDIOTS (yes, that means you too, Carl) and then we get screwed. But I'm super rad, so I survive the crash, and then I'm just on some dumb island with a little raft and some sticks. Great game. Alaikit."
76561198018543167,Recommended,313120,22030989,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Emuracer,Gets pretty dull quickly.  Needs more interaction.  Could be the start of something good.
76561198145071539,Recommended,313120,22904869,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Manodemon,"Really good game, I recommend getting this if you are looking for a survival game."
,Recommended,313120,22948417,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jef spicoli,sex w/ shark on the beach
,Recommended,313120,23075796,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sage,"Upon initial release, I'm not sure if there was even that much to do. There wasn't much crafting if any at all, you started out with essentials instead of having to find them scattered around, and frankly it was very choppy all around.Now, that was several months ago. WHat we have now is a much more fleshed out, well though out game with a myriad of things to do. While I hope the game will continue to be updated, I can honestly say that, yes, I would recommend you throw your money at the dev team for this game. It's got a lot going for it, lots of potential for a survival game."
76561198108756510,Recommended,313120,23301481,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,LordofMagic,"For people who love survival games like me, you will probably love this game. It has come so far from december when it was released, going from seemingly abandoned, to pretty amazing. One thing I love about this game is the UI. It is pretty easy to use. Another thing I love is how everything is animated, from climbing a tree to spearing crabs. And it is a real challenge to survive for a long time, just like it should be and is in real life. This is the most fun solo survival game I've ever played."
,Recommended,313120,23554574,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,TNTYaman,"I have been with this game since the start. I've watched it change. One of the changes sorta confused me. The removal of the knife at the start of the game caused me to leave the game alone for a while. What I've found out is that you can craft the stone tool by crafting a rock into a stone tool. This fix was confusing, but I figured it out, and now I love the game again."
76561198011070130,Recommended,313120,28218506,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MiraculousMouse,Really relaxing game to play and just what I was looking for. Lots of scope for this game to expand . Nice graphics and islands with a nice feel to the game. Going to be playing this many an evening. If the developers continue to expand this game it will go down as an all time classic.
,Recommended,313120,15995079,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/tummytv,made a HUGE fort that took up most of my island sailed out to get rocks to make more spears for food collected 8 rocked sailed back home then came the fog... i got to an island and lets say it wasnt my island sailed to two more island before i gave up and started to rebuild forgot to feed my self and died
,Recommended,313120,18822657,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CIGS INSIDE,lost my raft 12 minutes into the game an have been eating raw crab for almost 2 weeks 10/10
,Recommended,313120,23445826,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Panzer csgobig.com,Beautiful game if you have a good computer.
76561198184941085,Recommended,313120,23508298,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,alice_muse92,"The things you've got to understand going into this game while it's still in pre-alpha, are that 1.) it's being made by a small Austrailian game company, and this is their first game (so give them some slack), 2.) there's not a huge amount of content available currently, and as of V0.13, it's got a few bugs and some things are only half-implemented.But that being said, there's plenty enough content to have an epically good time, and the graphics are the best of any game I have ever seen. Litterally nothing else compairs to how this game looks. If they ever decide to add VR support, I might seriously consider buying a couple scent machines, an IR heater, and a sand box and taking a mini-vacation in my house, the landscape, sky, and water are that realistic looking.If you like frustrating survival games, this is a great one. If you like water-based game environments, this one's for you. If you're big into building your own stuff and being queen/king of all you see, then look no further.Seriously. This game is worth the money.10/10 would recomend."
76561198174367605,Recommended,313120,28521475,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,AmazingAlex27,how do i get to use the new inventory thing? like how do i get to version 0.21.00 or is it not out?
76561198057544907,Recommended,313120,17356498,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,CoolCody,"Alright. So heres my story,I was on my raft, Boating to a new island when all of a sudden, A shark comes ""Out of the blue"" and hits me off my raft, I chased him into deep waters, When his friend, Mr. Long-Nose, Decided to poke me. I turned around with my Axe and wacked him. When i turned around....... The shark attached onto me and took me down and left me with a bloody hand. And then Mr. Long-Nose came BACK around and poked me again! I chased HIM around! But about the time (After i had sent Mr. Long-Nose to a better place) I had Finally got back on my raft, The shark comes BACK around!!!!! And hits me off, And bites me again... And i was dead.9/10"
,Recommended,313120,17621567,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Abyssal_Echo,It's a great survival game with graphics that are pleasing and the gameplay is easy to understand. However one thing I don't like is it can be easy to get lost and not find your home island. But aside from that id rate 8.5/10
76561198071852636,Recommended,313120,18799375,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,paulmcd79,"We need an update please, even if its only verbal.I think this game has great potential but it seems to me like its only half done. There are too many anoyances that everyone else has mentioned that I wont bother going into..Give it time and im sure when the game is completed it will be a blast. And hopefully there will be many fantastic mods that will allow us to change the game to our own self prferences, that way everyone gets what they want out of it.Anyway, just keep us posted!!"
,Recommended,313120,19005489,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ArCTiC EMPiRE,Great Game :D Should Try Its Pretty HardCore Survival Once You Have No Treez On The Island!!As Well Its A Love Hate Crafting System Its Exactly Like Real Survival But If They Made It Work With The Machines Like The Oculus Rift And The Walking Phisics Thing That You Walk And It Will In The Game :D THAT WOULD BE EPIC AND A FEW MORE UPDATES PLZ :D But If You Like Survival Should Try :D
76561198128455413,Recommended,313120,19746905,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TobyGillmore69,"Great game, would recomend it, works so well for an apple mac, since usally good games are quite limited on an apple mac, the only thing that is iritating, is that after an update something went wrong with the pixels in the game and try deleting and re-downloading but it didnt fix it, so now i cant play it. (i may have just been unlucky, the computer is not the problem)."
,Recommended,313120,21750742,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lobster,"One of the best survival games I've played so far. No zombies or mosters. Just you, mother nature and sharks! ... yes sharks!You survive a plane crash and end up in a big ocean full of islands. You have your watch, which is able to track your vital signs, and some basic stuff. You take the raft from the plane and find the nearest island. Finally with your feet on land, it hits you! You need to survive and that's not going to happen if you don't take action right away. So start planning. Find food, water and materials to build your island paradise.Your only enemy is you and nature.As you explore the islands, you'll find wrecks of ships and planes. Explore them and go treasure hunting. Not real treasure, gold is of no use on a deserted island. You'll find useful stuff like water bottles, axes and engine parts.Build your house, traps for catching fish and learn how to survive using just that what you can find. It's an intens game.Buy this if you like survival games. This is early access but it's really good and fun. One of the best early access survival games out there."
76561198084516766,Recommended,313120,22885403,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,messybark,"The visuals are fantastic, it really adds to the peace and relaxation of going for a quick jaunt to the next island for a few essentials before that the wonderful beach bbq I have planned for this evening. I get there fine and pick up the much needed coconut to pair with the crab gently roasting back home. Its a beautiful afternoon and I notice some absoluteley darling tarps, they will totaly set off my magnificent shack (with exclusive ocean view!!). The afternoon draws to a close and I hop back into my raft and nip off back home.Then I hear it. Music quietly in the back ground. I start paddleing as fast as I can! Its getting louder, and I can now hear my heart beating in my ears. In a state of pure terror, for I know what lurks below, I get out my trusty knife and hope I make it. It hits, I go deep under the waves and panic as the beast comes back around for me. In the frantic rush for the surface, I drop my knife. I have just enough time to see it swallowed by the darkness befor the beast takes me.11/10 would be lunch again.This is an excellent game even if it is still being perfected, I think that the crafting system is by far the best I've come across, due to how ingenious and emersive it is. I have also found it interesting how little this game ""holds your hand"" and this only emphasizes how alone you are in this game and must rely on your instincts to survive. One of the only down sides to this game is that the content is limited and you reach a plataeu after a while but that is to be expected with an early access."
,Recommended,313120,22904042,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,50CAL,i actually find this game somewaht appealing. it puts a different look on a survival game. Instead of stuck in a map of trees and abandon houses it puts you in a tropical island chain. though it is still EA as much games on steam are. i like the way this game is heading. it really does have potential to be a great game. as for now its maps are  somewhat small. You find yourself quickly surthiving. and if you really want to beat all odds you can create and island that has everything on it in on big pile. and be golden. this part i dont like although i have found myself building islands larger than the ones in the game. cause lets face it they are small.I do recommend this game1. its fun (your kinda in the movie castaway)2. they are still very much tweaking the game and working on bug fixes3. it has a creator map mode. ( i like building things)4. decent crafting menu5.  they do eventually (i think) plan on a multiplayer (again i said i think. they mentioned it)
76561198223956564,Recommended,313120,23274295,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,archangelo1979,"STRANDED DEEP is a fairly decent game and has so much going for it. The maker(s) of this game could or should use real life as inspiration for the game. The beginning of the game is decent but the player has little to no things to do before the plane crashes. Maybe they could add a layer or two of emotion to the game. Give the player the ability to talk in the beginning with his family on his cell phone and after he hangs up thats when the airplane goes down. Maybe even show the flight attedant get sucked out of the plane. The player should have more options for your floatation device after hitting the water. With the right coding and programmimg from the right people with expertise, this game could be the ultimate survival game. The infinite lighter and flashlight don't exist but not in Stranded Deep. You could have an option to make time even slower in the game. Slowing it down by half or quarter. When you first land on your first island there should be random wreckage from your plane with random items to help you survive in the beginning. Gathering those itmes for later use. I.E. water bottles, medical stuff, and especially food (Airline food). There should also be a desperation mode. When your gauge reaches a certain level of being deprived you start to open up more options for foods and liquids. Because once the game updates and adds animals, bugs, and critters, etc... you should only be able to eat them when your level of desperation is high enough. Because if you think about it, why would a person go automatically to eating rats and roaches and bugs when they only got to a secluded island. When you have actual rations you could eat first. Now say its day 5 or 10 and you are low on rations. Your deprive mode bumps up a notch and your menu opens up options to drink shark blood or eat food raw. This bypassing the need to cook stuff when you are clearly unable to because you are too far from the island you had all your stuff on. Another idea( since there are thousands of randomly Generated  boat wrecks.) When not give the player the ability to scrap the boat wood and materials to remove and carry to the island and to use for building things. There are many things updates can do to improve the game but these are just a few."
76561198079859917,Recommended,313120,23480065,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Carlton Robinson,I bought this game a little more than a year ago thinking multiplayer was coming soon. Nobody cares about the rest of this stuff lets get the multiplayer going! otherwise great game!
,Recommended,313120,30939365,Posted: 4 April,all,D3ADL0Ck,"Overall, this game is really fun. The early game and the exploration are awesome. Some things do feel unbalanced, such as the exhaustion/sleep system. The crafting system has definitely gotten better with the updates. Building structures/shelters is pretty fun, although I don't really see the benefit of doing so at the moment. Hopefully more late game content is added in the future.It seems like the devs put out updates fairly often, and there have been vast improvements so far. At the moment, I recommend buying this game if it is on sale."
,Recommended,313120,18924070,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HoneyBadger,"So i bought this and played it for about an hour, but it seems that it goes nowhere. like i did everything in the game in 20 minutes! i do recommend this, but only if you like a mini-game! I suggest you wait a year or so to see the game updated to the point that it has way more to do!"
76561198067783662,Not Recommended,313120,27868130,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,i-pooped-my-thong,.
76561198309326326,Recommended,313120,23717516,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Toaster rebirthed,Is 3 and a half stars because the game itself is good but the controls are hard to master
,Recommended,313120,28219980,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,| ρrettyLifted,Perfect time killer.
76561198117354303,Recommended,313120,28059691,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mr. Mustache gift-drop.com,nice game
76561198044709703,Recommended,313120,14840756,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"I've tried many crafting/survival games but none of them have stuck, until this one.I am quite pleasantly surprised actually, when I got it I wasn't expecting it to be much especially in early access. But this game is fun. The streamlined crafting system and the constant need to explore really makes this enjoyable to play. Graphically it looks amazing, especially the detail of the ocean floor. It feels very immersive. It is Cast Away the game (watch the movie).Still plenty more content to be added within the next year or so which should make it even better. But even as is there is enough content to keep you entertain for a while. Then once you are done with that you can jump into the wonderful modding community, who have created some awesome mods to mess around with."
,Recommended,313120,14231053,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Liam,This game is worth the money and it is absolutely amazing
,Not Recommended,313120,32559034,Posted: 19 June,all,EthanT,"Wait for more development. It is fun, but in the short 3 hours I played I managed to set up most of the ""structures"", build a hut, get most of the tools, etc. Within 3 hrs I had a completely self sustained base, I only ever had to hop into the water once a day to spear a fish and voila, survival.It's got BEAUTIFUL graphics and some awesome atmospheric effects, truly stunning visuals. There's a lot of bone here just waiting for some meat. I recommend following the game but I'd wait to purchase it until there's more to do other than see pretty visuals."
76561198219835481,Recommended,313120,19405713,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Adum_Korvic,"For all trying to get the experimental updates right click the title in your library and click on the properties button, then click on the betas tab and click on the drop down menu for beta opt-in and select experimental. hope this helps!"
,Recommended,313120,23720902,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Minibike,After the new updates this game has vastly improved and is amazing! can't wait for more content to come out.
,Recommended,313120,25800993,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MicrosoftHaxed,"Well, once you start the game the game is really amazing, and fun, But once you already have water collector, and stuff like that, there isn't really anymore content to do except to survive. Though, I still find this game fun! Also, I would love if you made thirst to go down SLOWLY. I almost have to drink water every minute."
,Recommended,313120,19711225,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Arcane Hermithood,"I recommend this game for others because of how well the graphics are put together. For the survival aspect there's no hostile mobs besides maybe the sharks in the ocean and it blends in well with the environment of actually being stranded on the island. The materials are limited but with added mod support you can build multiple different types of structures, possibly out of stone wood or whatever your heart desires. Great game."
,Recommended,313120,19725141,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Michael_Mosson,"I am giving this game a positive review right now because this game has huge amounts of potential, but it has to be said that it currently is in Early Access so do not be fooled into thinking the game (as of now) is the full, finshed product.The game is generally fun to play and very immersive (I actually get terrified by the sharks when swimming in the water). The art, lighting and animations in this game are absolutely amazing.The crafting system needs some work, the only way you can build anything specific is by looking it up in the wikia and that breaks immersion."
,Recommended,313120,19514263,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JRaGE,"Man kann aus dem Spiel noch einiges raus holen !!!Aber der Anfang ist schonmal garnicht so schlecht.Klar fehlt noch ein bisschen abwechslung aber ich denke,dass kommt mit der Zeit noch! Einfach abwarten und Tee drinken!"
,Recommended,313120,19534821,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Manager,nice
76561198212978900,Recommended,313120,19534921,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Who You Callin Pinhead,"Great fun with building,hunting,diving and exploreing.And withe the new upadate the game is going to become twice as better.All it needs is multiplayer."
76561198021396321,Recommended,313120,19578426,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,OzHawkeye,"Stranded Deep is what I like to call a hard-core survival game. You will not be building a mega-base. You won't find zombies, dinosaurs or other unrealistic enemies (sharks are another matter). You will not ever construct a submachine gun, a hunting rifle or a laser blaster.What you will do is spend each day trying to make it to the next day... up to a point. Up to a point. I deliberately emphasise that, because in calling Stranded Deep a hard-core survival game it imposes limitations on the game play that you need to consider carefully before purchasing it.The game currently has very little content to it, by way of what most survival style games would offer. A (very) basic shelter and your basic tools can all be constructed within the first few hours of play. On any large island, the slowly regenerating supplies of yucca plants (not for eating), potato plants and coconuts along with an abundance of small fish and crabs in or immediately adjacent to the shallow waters around your island, will soon have all your food and water needs taken care of.Indeed, you could survive almost indefinitely without so much as ever leaving your home island. Eventually you'll run out of wood and stone (neither of which regenerate), but it's a distant prospect to be sure, several weeks away (in game time) at the earliest.There is a small amount of other ""loot"" to be found in the shipwrecks and planewrecks around the islands, though depending on your luck the nearest one may be 20 feet off shore, or an island or two away.The graphical quality of the game, as should be evident from the screenshots is quite impressive, indeed, they add to a really relaxing experience, and you could easily imagine yourself to be Tom Hanks in Cast Away. The water especially, as befits a game with so much of it, is simply unimpeachable, the best I've ever seen.There are some flaws in the game. You'll notice the occasional graphical glitch, odd moonlight shading, a tree every now and then not quite connected to the ground, but these are, overall, very minor and fleeting flaws.The game mechanics are as minimalist as the games philosphy, with much crafting conducted by throwing items on the ground, though recent updates have made the process more intuitive and less prone to looking up wiki's. The crafting is definitely not my favourite style, but I can see why the Devs have gone for it.The biggest consideration though is the first one I've mentioned. In what will seem like a blink of an eye (because its so immersive) you will have reached the ""end-game"", such as it is, and you'll either hit a rapidly appoaching wall of boredom, or you will find the atmosphere to the game, which is well developed, is enough to keep you going.Exploration, in anything other than a nomad like existence, is something which definitely needs improvement. Lacking a map, or even a compass (one can eventually be found), leaving your home island for a short ""loot run"" carries a very real risk of  getting lost, this issue not helped by the fact the other islands appear as generic place markers until you enter the islands zone (meaning yours will look like one of those very same generic markers the moment you leave its zone).Again, this is a reflection of the minimalist philosphy behind the game, but it's one where I think the cost in longer-term playibility is too high. Likewise, the short duration you can hold your breath underwater (unless you find rare and non-regenrating scuba tanks), means that much of the deeper ocean areas will be frustratingly out of your reach for most of your game time.In summary, Stranded Deep is a beautfilly rendered, unapoligetically minimalist survival game, that more than any other, will have you hankering (see what I did there?) to sit down and watch Cast Away once more. You can easily lose hours to it, but buyer beware, it's scope is very narrow and will not suit anyone looking for a more ""conventional"" survival / building / crafting game."
76561198157628299,Recommended,313120,19725563,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,amazon,"i think this games truly deserves a 3 and a half star out of 5 because for window users, no problem. But for mac users the game lags a bit and sometimes when a shark is about to die, it goes and fades into your island! However, overrall the game story line is good. recommend this game for window users"
76561198083842247,Recommended,313120,20927659,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Chief Bear Fist,Good lil meme of a game but needs more dragons
76561198194954210,Recommended,313120,19695195,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,♠Đărk★Ģămer★ŲÂ♠,It's a very nice and realistic game about surviving in Pacific Ocean.I think 10$ it's cheap price to play this game.Now game is on Early Access but it's not a problem i think it will be very nice.
76561198095311613,Not Recommended,313120,32080994,Posted: 31 May,all,jakproductions94,"This game is good but needs a lot of work. I've been playing it since when it first came out. Granted it hasn't been as much time as some others, but I feel they can agree with the points I'll make.Very buggy. For a game that's been out for two years there are still a lot of bugs that I have come across. If you climb a tree, I've fallen down so many damn times due to poor mechanics. I've clipped through walls so many times that it's not even funny anymore. If you consume one cocunut for water it just thinks you've consumed all of them in you're inventory (very annoying). Character feels like he's made out of noodles and the animations are ugly to witness.Normally I can cast most of this aside for it being early access. But it gets pretty old quick. I find myself getting so bored with this game so quickly whenever I do come back to it. The islands are massively dissapointing. I feel like when I set up a little base at one I have to move on to another island because, whoops, there are no more rescources here I can use. Pity.Overall, this game needs so much work and it feels like nothing has changed over the past 2 years. Still very buggy and a very basic survival game that has so much promise but the developer isn't working hard enough at it. Hopefully he or she sees this and puts a little more work into this game to make it a solid survival game. The forest suffers from some of these things too but I feel that one is way more polished and better developed than this game."
,Recommended,313120,19740568,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Killer Bannanas,"like all games it has its ups and downs. Stranded deep i have wanted it for the second i saw. (which was wwaaay before it was out like 4 months).i do still love it it is 1 of 20 open world survival games that is crap.i recomened it to my friends.okay here are the pros and cons.the up's-it is'ent a peice of crap-it is the game version of castaway-you cant set a spawn-it is realistic as f*ck-can entertain you and your friends if there watching-crafting is simple and easy to learn-crafting is realistic and isent like ""minecraft""now here's the cons-if you dont have the right requirerments it runs horrible.-there is LANDSHARKS(it should be fixed by the time you read this).-you cant mine rock to easly get rocks.-you dont have a compas at start so if you start to adventer you will lose your base.(i mean you have a digital whatch why cant that work).-if you dont have a firespit you cant make food,fresh water. and you cant make a bucket-the crew needs to make it more realalistic-will we ever see our legsso out of all i give this game a 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,313120,19732328,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The Void,"Unfortunately there isn't an ""Not bad, but not great"" button, Stranded Deep is a great early access game, runs smoothly, looks amazing, but has too many bugs at this current point in time...I know it's early access, and I know Beam Team games are working hard to get this game up to scratch, but at the moment, I wouldn't buy it...just wait for maybe a couple of updates so that they can fix some bugs, and add some missing features in."
,Not Recommended,313120,27190477,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lv1 Magikarp,"I remember trying this game ages ago, caught it on sale today and it seems little has changed, still no co-op.Doing the devs trick and not putting effort into the review, it will be deleted shortly anyway once this refund goes through."
76561198112761082,Recommended,313120,22223143,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,randfoo2005,When this game supports  controller it  will be a  better  game of survivalI am still waiting  to buy it  again
76561198178621703,Recommended,313120,19730081,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Catomkins,"Highly reccomend the game, but mine wont update! please help me out with this."
76561198088205252,Recommended,313120,19737258,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DamnedWhaleDicks,"Started game, found cocounts. Died falling out of tree.Restarted, crafted an axe, fought a shark. Died of poisioning from a lionfish I ran into while shark-fightingRe-restarted, drowned hiding in a wreck from a great white shark.Good amounts of stuff to explore/find, decent crafting (especially with new updates), rather challenging. Could use a bit more content and lag reduction, but very nice overall8/10 would not-survive again."
,Recommended,313120,19752330,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,hydra305,its ok but no real goal and not much thing you can do in my opinion i will play it when it has updated to check on what's new
76561198065317278,Recommended,313120,22724741,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DrewLat,"A great game for de-tilting after losing eight straight games of CS:GO. Each unique island and reef is a fun, dynamic environment to play in. Updated pretty regularly with cool new crafting components and construction items. Moderately difficult to start, as there isn't much of a tutorial, but it's more interesting to figure it out as you go. Most of your time is spent collecting resources from other islands and shipwrecks, and avoiding sharks of course! It's one of those games you can easily lose yourself in for a few hours. Definitely recommended for anyone who likes survival games with crafting and building."
76561198082688719,Recommended,313120,23243023,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Torq,Still Waiting for Mulitplayer
76561198152468891,Recommended,313120,23878389,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,eddie,its ok but realy lag for a laptop
,Recommended,313120,23881518,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kraany,"Good game, very fun and the building system is good, but it realy needs coop/ multiplayer would love to play this with a friend."
76561197997138833,Recommended,313120,26279014,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Destructor 2,"I like the game but I found the following, no sharks anywhere! They went extinct! Palms doesn’t regrow coconuts, and the lag is worse than ever! Achivementa are lock!"
76561198114700057,Recommended,313120,26726204,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Carbdoxr,what a good game. never found anything better. only recommendation is that it is a bit hard to first start off.
76561198010013373,Recommended,313120,27538581,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,deDeli,"Hindistan cevizinin değerini anlama simulatörü. Hindistan cevizi = yemek , su , bot ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO7sZEQ-sVw"
,Recommended,313120,18970967,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MFG4Ever,"If you enjoyed the movie Cast Away, this game is for you!Still Early Access, and even though some stuff has been added in, and bugs have been fixed, the game still lacks in some areas.That being said, if you'd like to try your survival skills on a set of small deserted islands, give this game a try.Graphics are ok, and the crafting of items is pretty easily done.Hopefully by the time of full release, the game will have a story and some sort of goal, other than to stay alive and island hop. The game is still playable, and has its fun moments. A feature that would be nice to have, was the option of going online, and playing with other survivors."
,Recommended,313120,19748561,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Allen,"Would be better if there was a massive island somewhere with predators and other creatures to hunt/hide from. Also Bows and arrows,Spears and maybe clubs. I guess just more of a survival aspect on land. I dont want the only danger to be hunger/thirst and sharks...I do Recommend getting this but it is a 3/5 with me only because it needs more to ""Survive"" From. Maybe Somali pirates? haha."
,Recommended,313120,20557779,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hibiscus,"Game is super! I advise anyone who wants to play games like Real life, that can happen in real life with anyone. The game is imbued with the spirit of survival, by entering it immediately creates an atmosphere with no cause, of course, and real life.The game is huge open world. The main enemies - hunger, weather conditions and sharks that want to eat us.I bought this game because of its unusual world. Sharks, sea. I don't like games about zombies, the Apocalypse for them and so sculpt a Bang, and such... games like Stranded Deep is difficult to find and even harder to create. So I do not understand people who jaluetsa the creators of this game who say that they abandoned her or that she is developing very slowly. This game creates is not a company of 500 people, and from a small number of people. So the game is progressing slowly.I wish You good luck."
76561198177395514,Recommended,313120,20738290,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,bill nye the burning guy,im going to be harsh on this one first thing this game was fun back then but for the pass 6-8 months thay have changed a lot statrted to re add stuff but i can finaly say now with update 0.09 the game is back to normal and im ready for the new features so make this game great but i say thay shoud add new video for it the one is a few month old and its change a lot (more bugy) i would say but its and ok game for now but i would say maybe later but the less than a month for them to do 0.08 to 0.09 is shocking and adds a lot more feactures so if thay do a new update every month or two i would recommend this game and this game is quite short for me but any new player would take a lot longer  and the game looks like a $60 triple A game the game looks soo good it looks real but thats for a ok gameing pc and my laptop ive was playing on was ok but its super nice its your choice but i hope with was help ful and i do recommand this game as of 0.09
,Recommended,313120,17943515,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,SpectreQueen,Nice survival game
76561198188761445,Recommended,313120,18227652,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fish,"Fun game, you should add multiplayer"
,Recommended,313120,18801461,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,PENDULiUM,"Nice graphics and a very nice concept. Problem is some bugs, that you can't transport stuff with your raft (yet). Would like to see bigger islands with maybe volcanos, jungle, and caves. Looking forward to future updates!"
76561198200805147,Recommended,313120,18926035,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,pabayes,"sweet graphics if you have a desent computer, great fun as well to explore!recomended!"
76561198214552003,Recommended,313120,18957967,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BEASTMAN1910,VERY ENGOYABLE SURE IT GETS REPETITIVE SFTER A WHILE BUT IT IS PRETTY FUN AND WITH CONSTANT UPDATES IT MAKES THE GAME FEEL FRESH AND ITS SOOOOOO REWARDING TO BUILD YOUR HOUSE OR ANYTHING ELSE STRANDED DEEP ISNT GOIN BE A BIG HITTER THIS YEAR BUT I RECOMEND IT TO ANY ONE WHO JUST WANTS TO RELAX AND PLAY A VIDEO GAME 7/10
,Recommended,313120,19457395,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,B_Squared,"This game is gorgeous and has a great conept to it. Basically cast away the game.  The map editor and other planned features will give this game a ton of replayability once it is completed.  Oh and the damn sharks! I never knew i was afraid of the ocean til i played this game.The biggest issue with this game is that its being made by 2 people and the updates are slow.  If you can handle slow updates, i think the game is definitely worth it"
,Recommended,313120,23181522,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,⎛⎝KarKarra⎠⎞ ~  カレ,had nothing to dosaw another islandpaddlesurrounded by sharksscared them awayisland gonestranded very deep11/10
,Recommended,313120,23291139,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MilBucks,Very good game. Ive enjoyed playing it.
76561198199008463,Recommended,313120,23529117,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Silly Putty,10/10Would lag again.
76561198161494208,Recommended,313120,23899823,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,{Exotic|Wolf},I like the game and its super fun but i wish that it had multiplayer
76561198097788098,Recommended,313120,26732251,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tallen1212,This game is one of the best out there in the survival genre. The game has some outstanding graphics when playing with directx 10. The game has too many glitches though. Just know that. i play this game everyday.8/10
76561198131317311,Recommended,313120,28086512,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,countmaximus,"It's like The Long Dark, but in the ocean.10/10 would reccomend waiting for a sale."
76561198125970307,Recommended,313120,18887886,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sergeant_Ben_Dover,This is a really good game but the only downside is that there is not a craftable bigger backpack and there is no chests to store items
,Recommended,313120,18978242,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,therealhayes,"I highly  recomend this game. It is very well developed and very fun. You can easly get side tracked on disovering new places the only downside to this is the limited storage and to my knowlege you can't build any chests and there is no way to keep track of the island with your house,matrials,ect.In my opinion the pros highly outway the cons and it is a very immersive game. It is really how a survival game should be."
,Recommended,313120,19723126,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,123rad567,I love this game. Its really fun but there are many problems with it like how some fetures don't work. But this game is probably one of the best looking games i've ever played. And most optimised. But I hope that the creators spend a little less time on the graphics and focus on the actual game.
,Recommended,313120,19724245,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,sporkfrog,So iv'e discovered thanks to this game that i have serious thalassophobia... and a fear of sharks.10/10 Would get irrationally scared again.
,Recommended,313120,19724543,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ImSodaPressed,"I've had this game for quite some time, I stopped playing it because it wasn't being updated for a while. I tried it again about a month ago and it was still the same, but I still have fun. I just played today and all these new updates make it even more challenging and fun to play. The new ocean mechanics are amazing. This game is a lot of fun to play and I recommend it.The only issue right now is there doesn't seem to be as many Yacca plants as before, and the crab picture doesn't show up in the inventory, and the crab doesn't show up in my hand.9.5/10 only cause my bestfriend the crab is invisible"
,Recommended,313120,23216838,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kirby The Meme Man™,7.5/10 Too much water
,Recommended,313120,23228605,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Java,In the hours I've played (3.4) I've been eaten by a shark. Ate 5 floating crabs. Ate 5 floating coconuts. And well swum.In ALL of those hours that took me FOREVER to get. This game was... Amazing.
,Recommended,313120,23329780,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Dubzy_TV LIVE !,good games needs multiplayer
,Recommended,313120,30738976,Posted: 25 March,all,Chill Charmander,all you can really do is build a shack
76561198115971936,Recommended,313120,17452462,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DONTMAKEMESPOSEUNIGGA,"Good Game, but needs a fishing pole and there needs to be a bigger island and more trees. Also you should let people make their own boat not a raft with a motor."
,Recommended,313120,18930076,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NotANazi (#STAYWOKE) ❥,I love this game. I see many people complaining about the lack of content or updates. if you visit here I'm sure you will be satisfied with the things that are in the works:http://beamteamgames.com/category/stranded-deep-2/;)As I said I love this game.... I also have galeophobia (the fear of sharks) and this helps me KILL THEM!10/10 would kill sharks again.
76561197975585301,Recommended,313120,19722392,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Monk407,This game is great. Get it while it's on sale because its well worth even the full price. Tons of fun and replay value.
76561198169345118,Recommended,313120,20732340,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SiegeLord,"Its amazing! Now I'm a big fan of games where you have to survive the enviornment,but this one takes the cake! Now at first it took me a little bit to figure out the controls but in five minutes I had them mastered. There is nothing I dislike about this game for everything is great, the graphics, gameplay, mechanics, everything! I love the reandomly generated maps and the extremely realisitc graphics. Although my computer makes the game slow for this, itis worth it! Proboably my favorite thing about this game is that when you build a house it doesn't come out looking like a luxury hotel, it looks like what a house you built yourself with little resources on an island might actually look like (Iv'e been lucky enough to never be in this situation!)"
,Recommended,313120,22273050,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,LiamDoesGame,Very nice buddehFull of new experiences and surely if you're looking for an open world survival this is da gaem for you!!
76561198205545295,Recommended,313120,20136327,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,easeow,I tried to play it but it's not responding
,Recommended,313120,19737078,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DAT_DANKEST_MEME,its ok just another run of the mill survival game could use more story.
,Recommended,313120,28124793,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrJinx,good
76561198203516892,Recommended,313120,20566762,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Omae wa,Good Game ;)
76561198093612969,Not Recommended,313120,17575979,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,GI sama,I could run this game at 100fps untell I installed windows 10.Now I cant even play becuse the game looks like a slide show!
76561198274774747,Recommended,313120,22703152,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,JWiller,Spawneddiedgot angryrealised i could lower settings for my computerplayedcreated custom maprestarted game so i could use custom mapdrowned under the earthtryed againSUCSESS!!!!felt epic10/10 would play again
76561198163492122,Recommended,313120,22669958,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,cromano102,"This game is a very challeging survival game. you have to build shelter while avoiding sharks when your going from island to island, and looting in the depths of the sea. Me personally, love this game."
,Recommended,313120,14806823,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,WillyMcBride,"A fun game with a lot of potential. I really enjoy how you do not have to survive against mutants or other creatures along those lines. You need to survive against mother nature herself: and everything she can throw at you! The AI needs a little work, but i feel this can be fixed with relative ease!For such a simple concept it goes quite a ways in-depth, and i really enjoy it every time i play it!At the moment i will give it a 9/10Keep up the good work developers! You guys are doing a very good job!(Video Review)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7VD8eJMbKc&list=UU9enGrTHxAbW0kMYthkPV9w"
,Recommended,313120,32929375,Posted: 28 June,all,Passive Bot,A very challenging survival game. Feels like you're really stranded in an island.
76561197999031276,Not Recommended,313120,32708843,Posted: 23 June,all,icampb01,"So far I'm not too hapy with this game. Graphics are beautiful and it has awesome potential, but I've already encountered enough glitches to make me quit and the controls aren't straight forward (if you want to drink a coconut you must pick up the coconut, equip it, drop it, equip a knife, hit the coconut, pick up the now cracked coconut, equip it, drink it, drop it...it's ridiculous, there's got to be a better way!). Glad I got this on steam sale so I didn't waste a lot of money on it."
76561198199159114,Not Recommended,313120,32522960,Posted: 17 June,all,Exion,"Very slow development, the game visuals look amazing but, it seems that the developers have no clue where to go with this game, back in the past they added crafting system, then changed it, then added weather, then changed it, added big maps, then removed it, added some items, then removed them, and so on... one step ahead and one step back all the time. Since the updates come once a month with small features, because it looks like they take a month to develop a new simple spear or a hammer, its been more then 2 years to bring the game to something tedious with nothing to do and with no ending or objective in mind other then fishing."
,Recommended,313120,14158472,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Witch-King of Angmar,10/10 wrangled shark corpse and unitentionally became part of shark space program. would buy again.
,Recommended,313120,14291573,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,|Pipe Dreams ☕ #BASED,"Stranded Deepor Shallow Water?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385683017Personal Rating:3/5Should You Buy It?No. Wait till there are more aspects fleshed out.Length:Depends on how long you can survive.Links:Metacritic (0.0)Homepagehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385683004A #BASED Impression*Review to come when finished*As of February 02, 2015 @ Patch Hotfix 0.01Achievments are not working yet.In Stranded Deep, you are no one. You are nothing. You are just a man, who was on a private jet, off to somewhere important most likely. You go to make yourself a Martini, knowing how long of a trip you have ahead of yourself. By the time you finish making it, there is a sudden uprising in turbulence. Next thing you know you are going down into the Pacific Ocean! This is where your journey begins... or ends...You begin your journey on a life raft in a middle of a crash in the ocean. You use your trust worthy oar to make it to the closest land mass you can find. You have your basic supplies on you, a lighter, a bottle of water, a pocket knife. First things first in any survival game is to find out where you stand, what you have, and what you can build. This is what most survival games want you to do.Currently in Stranded Deep, there is not a whole lot to do. You can build a fire pit, and slowly upgrade it over a few revisions. You can make your basic tools which include an Axe and Hammer. You can eat certain things, but as of right now they are strictly seafood, coconuts and potatoes. All is not friendly in Stranded Deep however. There is a full ocean around you that you can explore, and its full of predators... and food! The predators are the obvious sharks, but they are not all that dangerous as of yet.There is a full night and day system implemented, and it right now does a good job on setting the mood. Although at night there is not much to do yet, other then get food ready for the next trip to the other islands. Oh wait, did i forget to tell you? There are a plethora of other islands spread through the procedurally generated Stranded Deep world. While they all share the same esthetics, they all have the materials needed to help you survive the longest. What? Did you think your tiny little Island could sustain your human wrecking ways? Think again.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385683042"
76561198174176085,Recommended,313120,19557679,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MCmapmakrePYRO,"this game is awesome...i  play it very offten..+ the new crafting update is coming out soon and ive looked into it and some great new content is coming the stranded deep. i dont recomend this game if you get sea sick though.  i enjoy playing this game. the building is fun and easy, exploration is exciting, and deep sea diving is just the best (although i have shark-a-phobea) this game looks so real. I love it and recomend it to veiwers.......=)"
,Recommended,313120,24892445,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BusterButcher,"I first got this games not sure if i would like it. Played it for about 10 mintutes and loved it! The mechanics are great, you can climb palm trees to reach coconuts, cook food and boil sea water on a fire. Its great how you upgrade everything including camp fires and different tools you need.Ship wrecks were a great idea, finding them in the ocean in your life boat.They contain items that cannot be found on the islands. You can sail to all the different islands, fight sharks and much more! Would definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,313120,32773637,Posted: 25 June,all,][-][2K Renzo,"This really isnt a survival game its just a survival chore. once you have a lil hut and fire going, wake up eat the fish drink the water, stand around maybe collect more fish, goto bed. exploration is almost pointless and basicly means paddling your raft for ages. you can visit a ship wreck.. then go home... Eat drink sleep. there are far better survival sims out there, The forest for one, you actualy fear the forest at night"
76561198147388034,Not Recommended,313120,32811530,Posted: 26 June,all,MedicalMann,I wanted to love this so much. Got it around a year go and it was amazing. Then the new update.+Graphics-Gameplay is slow and dull-Character is severely mentally and physically disables-Game feels horrible to play
,Recommended,313120,19727031,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Harven69,"I love this game so far and it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of potential. I mean more potential than 90+% of other early access games out there. The problem here is that it's potential. It's potential that seems to be tapped into quite frequently but potential nevertheless.Long story short in only a matter of time this game will be one of the greatest games out there (Maybe a few months, maybe a year or two down the road). As it stands though it's fun, interesting, but pretty quickly becomes a pick up the sticks/should I even bother exploring game.Sharks are spooky.I'm iffy on this one, if playing an early access game is your jam, get this. If you like a game with an objective/goal this game might not be your bag. The goal is just to stay alive.I can't wait to see what 2016 has in store for the gaming world. HOI4, Stellaris, an improved Stranded Deep, and of course the Ship: Remasted. It's shaping up to be a great year."
76561198052277346,Recommended,313120,21143859,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Turbatus,"Load in to game for the first time, run off of raft, meet shark, die.Great game!"
,Not Recommended,313120,18406389,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,EchoFederation,"Haggis McPootis wrote in their review: ""Still kinda waiting for this game to go somewhere really...""I couldn't agree more. Idk. I started playing Salt at the same time as this game and Salt was way more interesting, despite the funky graphics. This game is pretty, though, I found it frustrating, clunky, and overall very boring. Some might like it, but it was definitely not for me. Hopefully once more fetures are added it will be better."
,Recommended,313120,20455466,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Exorce,"This game does not come without it's quirks (horrible pop-ins, distant islands popping through fog, color palette suddenly changing,) with stuttering being the worst one, I think this gamea has lots of potential.I recommend this game, but I also recommend to give it time, and not to be so quick to judge, because it's still in the early alpha stage.Anyways, this game is awesome if you can get past the bugs (which is quite easy to do if you're not super picky).I recommend this game."
,Recommended,313120,22259118,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Captain Doolin,"Pretty fun, but want multiplayer"
76561198244376982,Recommended,313120,26434265,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dominatorv380,"I think the game has great graphics, good gameplay, it is buggy at times. things like being thrown in the air, sometimes landsharks. (Although those might have been fixed) Overall great game."
76561198134680479,Not Recommended,313120,26964814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brettdamooreface,"I used to think this game could stay with The Forest, great game, but now by how slow the progress is The Forest rarely updates like this game but this game looks like the pre-pre-alpha of Far Cry 3 with extra low quality Fallout 4 building. Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥and buy a different $15 game- I mean $10.49 game because of sales but don't get hipnotized."
76561198043557978,Not Recommended,313120,17796374,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Hidden Sausage,not at this time. Look throught the reviews and see how many hours put on the game. Not many.
76561198006813891,Recommended,313120,19008308,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[MSK] MagnumSerfs,"I think this game has potential. I do hope that this game isnt forgotten about, they did release an update in late september and i will let them have time to do a big update (after all, if its a small team making the game, these things take time). it is an Alpha, it is like real life where its not all great, you are stranded and need to survive. i like the game, bugs and all. I will be upset if this is it and it doesnt update, but for now I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt."
,Recommended,313120,22200287,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Saxxy AF,"The game it self is great, Taking the open world survival feeling to the ocean. This meaning that the threats are diffrent than what you would see inThe Forest. Overall lets keep in-mind the game isEarly Accessso changes are made quite often meaning the developers are keeping eyes on bugs and things in inprove upon as time goes on.Now something I want to see is a multiplayer ether viaOnline ServersorLAN(I.E LogMeIn Hamachi)I give 8/10"
76561197981744495,Recommended,313120,22452132,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Quinn FTW,"There was a bit of a learning curve when I first started playing. Hint: You must craft a tool to be able to break open coconuts or harvest crabs and fish, basic rocks and sticks alone will not do the job.After this little lesson learned, the game was quite enjoyable.I wish that the islands were bigger, though that is also a minor quibble.The developers are updating the game monthly, and are actively working on resolving bugs, so this game is supported.Also, no microtransactions or pay to win at this time, so that is awesome."
76561198057968347,Not Recommended,313120,17800146,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Papa John,This game won't let me craft anything more than a crude axe and a fire.
76561198132292573,Not Recommended,313120,17853728,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MushyBomb,0/10 - No Tom Hanks
76561198248309676,Not Recommended,313120,17855438,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sheraldcox,"Game is so glitchy.  Island is see-through and you can't see due to graphics, what you're doing.  Very disappointed"
76561198031795232,Not Recommended,313120,31427646,Posted: 28 April,all,vrenerl,"first impression was great for early access. very fast found out, that there is not a lot to do (yeah building stuff, great for a survival game). developer are not listening to their audience. i´ve the feeling, that they just bringing every month ""any / random"" stuff to make it look like - that the game is ""aging"". before you buy (way to expensive for the content!), take a look at the ""active"" user section. this game, for now - is dead for me"
,Not Recommended,313120,31778405,Posted: 15 May,all,Hawkeye,"Major changes to the gameplay need to be made before I can recommend it, but I intend to try it again later too.Fiberous materials are a little rare, and could/should be craftable from palm frons.  The fire torch is right-handed and means NO tools can be used at night and still keep the torch held -- I guess you can drop it lit, but I never tried.  Inventory system is a little burden some but workable.  Sharks are not very aggressive and do not present a real threat to the player.  Cannot use Loading certain small objects onto the raft prevents it from moving, while other large objects seem to do just fine.  Character holds his breath like a baby with emphysema.I never died, but I litterally was rafting from island to island just to make lashings from fiberous materials.   In my game there was never an island with more than 16 fiberous material = 4 lashings.   I found a sunken boat with a box containing useless junk mostly -- the box itself was the most useful thing.  I crafted a metal barel raft which was not very impressive, and then realized floating from island to island gathering lashings was boring.  It will take your character 3 in-game-days just to gather the lashings needed to make proper tools, another few in-game-days of island hopping to make crafting stations, and then FINALLY you can make a steady water supply and start building a base.  Hope you like drinking coconuts."
76561198244655040,Recommended,313120,22670120,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DogeRoFam,"not good for old or slow computers. Literally plays frame by frame. other than that, pretty good game once you get good at it."
76561198015035751,Recommended,313120,17500301,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,icychilz,"such a great game and cant wait for more to be added to it multiplayer would be grate as well as moore wild life and bigger islands with more to explre such as jungle, cliffs to climb would be cool if climbing cliffs was possible to be able to craft a makeshift zip wire to get down again just as an idea =) keep up the good work"
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,313120,35210622,Posted: 25 September,all,Floyd ^A^,Watched older walkthrough and see that they have changed the beginning. Best guess isthey want it to be confusing enough that you will spend your 2 hours trying to figureout how it works so you won't get a refund. Applied for a refund.
76561198181449734,Recommended,313120,26458324,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,johnkirby09,Awesome game!
76561198027912209,Not Recommended,313120,25197027,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Loser,"Do I recommend it? Nope. Buy Subnautica instead.The biggest con to this game is lack of content, or at least that's what you'll see on the surface.It's been about 2 years and nothing seems to have become of this game, the monthly ""updates"" are really just hotfixes that usually create more problems and new content is rare. When it is new content it's the most minimal thing that will expand the playtime by a few minutes at best. I wouldn't say it's very directly a scam, but it's getting very close.Now here's the best part, the mods on the forums. The forums are so heavily policed that most threads get locked because someone said something negative about the game. Of course the mods won't say that, they'll always claim they locked it because it went against the rules of steam's policy.I understand that this game is made by two people, but a logical descision with $18 million is to hire more programmers and help speed the game along.TL;DR Game is bad, buy Subnautica"
,Recommended,313120,24625758,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,LIL SHOELACE,Optimise the game then hit me up?This game is not recommened with people with anything under a high end computer.
,Recommended,313120,19744431,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,[AXIS]PhenixPhyre,A really fun game for fans of survival games. It took me a few hours and a couple restarts to get the hang of it but afterward I started to progress at a pretty quick rate.  Enjoyable and enough sense of fear and danger to make it exciting.
76561198058704426,Recommended,313120,34094564,Posted: 7 August,all,Reelzerz,"I really injoyed this game. The atmosphere is quite well detailed and the gameplay is enjoyable. The only request i wish you guys would add co-op. I know its been mentioned that you guys know we want it, but I'm just restating it.Thx Much.."
76561197967846923,Not Recommended,313120,19721292,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,vector,"Ok game.This is a normal, by the book, survival game! It is, though, very very boring after a while, and tasks become very tiring and feel boring. For that I would say, unless all you care about are graphics, then this game is not good."
,Not Recommended,313120,16580902,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tlamiczka,"I would recommend this game only if you plan to play it for about 1 - 2 hours. In this time, you will do practically everything that can be done. It's ridiculously empty and your options what to do are very, very limited. If you like this type of games as I do, I would recommend The Forest or even State of Decay.*Pluses*+ nice graphics+ unusual environment for sandbox/crafting game+ nice approach to crafting (you place all resources on ground and craft from it)*Minuses*- very limited options of what to do on each island- ridiculously small amount of craftable items- no encounters (there are sharks with funny AI and that's all)- distances between islands are too big (you spens half of the time just paddling)There is also quite a lot of bugs but this I definitely forgive to Early access game."
76561198193880069,Recommended,313120,17181498,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Legend,"This game is amazing I admit that it is quite buggy but c`mon, it`s early access and it`s going to be buggy, this game is amazing, the sharks are a little bit weird going through the ground and having the spawn rate of the fish, but it has alot of glitches still making it awesome, which not many games can do, but it still is awesome, even if it has glitches, I give a 10/10"
76561198231131808,Recommended,313120,17183433,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ImagineLife35,it's like another version of Minecraft but you have to survive more. It's really fun! there is a shadow bug. I still like it's AWESOME! :)
76561198070324378,Not Recommended,313120,18579211,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Alter Reality,"Intro:I wish I could give this game a good review, but its been in alpha for over a year now with nothing to show for it. I was about 20 days into my survival when my raft magically dissappeard from under me. This gameis far too glitchy with barely any variation or crafting. I can build like 10 things over and over again then run out of resources and move on to another area. The sea life has barely any variation with some species that arent even native to the area. the game is realistic in terms of surviving, but the point of games is also to enjoy myself and when its the same thing all the time then that i am going to get bored.Environment:Fun at first, but gets old fast. The islands are all almost identicalactually every biome is just same thing repeating itself over again with barely anything interesting in it. The shipwrecks have about three general layouts and thats it. I am bored and it is not creative. 3/10Crafting:the crafting mechanism is simple to use, but its always just the same thing. They are barely adding anything to it. Seriously, there isnt even a fishing pole. my guy is too stupid to build a fishing pole yet he can build a hut and other useful tools. 6/10 needs more varietyGlitches:Awful. The game is filled with them. Sharks swimming into shallow water and dissapear. raft disappearing out from under me. unable to reignite fire spit. (all of which happened within one game) 0/10Combat/hunting:Hunting sharks is probably the most fun thing to do. Its the only thing that makes the game worth while then again it gets prettyrepetitive and once you figure out how to kill them it becomes easy. 7/10Scavenging:similar to crafting. it's simple, but there is no variety. After a few solid survival stints you have seen everyhting the world has to offer. 5/10Overall, the concept and game are great, but they get boring so quickly that i cannot reccomend this game. The developers need to really step their game up if they dont want to start losing customers. The game is currently at ""very positive, but scrollling through the more recent reviews shows a pretty negative trend. Just make the game more unique and fix all the bugs then we wont have any problems."
,Not Recommended,313120,17607504,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,weeb,"This...Is a pretty decent game.Well, At least for the first 30 minutes.It's boring after the first 30 minutes of playing. It's barely updated and this game should honestly be free if they don't update it soon. I feel sorry for buying this. It seemed like a good idea, But trust me. Get Subnautica. Get FarSky. Get The Forest. Get RUST. Get DayZ. ALL of these survival games are far better then this one (subnautica is a personal favorite, despite how laggy it is for me).EDIT: It also seems that a lot of the game is spent on land and that the water was only added to be a distraction and source of food. I don't see why the building in the game was added because you're going to abandon your island at one point anyways. The crafting system is bad and you're forced to throw things together and HOPE that they work. The cooking system is terrible too. I'd rather open a menu and set the fish in there then throw the fish on the fire and HOPE it sticks. Some items don't even have ""cooked"" infront of them so it's hard to NOT get sick. The sharks are harmless if you avoid them and the sealife is uninteresting (except for the whales). As I said, There are much better early access games out there that have similar concepts to Stranded Deep so being early access isn't an excuse."
76561198088803025,Recommended,313120,19738617,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SEPTICGOAT,this game is the best survival game i ever played so far.
76561198183011926,Recommended,313120,17188651,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,waterliza18,It does crash now but I enjoyed it while it lastedgreat graphics (but i'd like a little less lag)cool sea creatures (but I would like more types mabye a dolphin or lion fish)cool items (also mabye add actual rope that could tie the life raft or raft to a stake on the island)Also please make it multiplayer pleaseit would be fun to survive with a friendthis is a good game but needs some upgrades
76561198094606709,Recommended,313120,17192224,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jonly Bonly,you sail have adventures and murder crabs and eat them whole. i recommend this to any indie lover.
76561198024374915,Recommended,313120,34879399,Posted: 11 September,all,-LNR-,"Great Game Fun to Play , Hard to understand the Game maybe its me , i recommend it ."
76561198112613451,Recommended,313120,32890228,Posted: 27 June,all,blue_eyes4626,"Love this game, only wish there were mods for it"
76561198099051116,Not Recommended,313120,24503791,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Coldgie,"Really boring, wish I could have gotten my money back."
,Recommended,313120,14362481,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Doots,Sand Sharks. 10\10
,Recommended,313120,17030616,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,B.L.A.D.E,I really like this game but i want you to get those rare items back where they were like spawn chance of whales is adjusted from 20% to 6% or finding a great white is ajusted from 100% to 18% i cant even find a tiger shark and flying objects when you press space twice they fly please i can't find anything please i hope you read this messege
76561198043296442,Recommended,313120,18293294,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Littleevil,"Love it so far. Just wish there was more nature effects for example evironmental lightning, rain, wind, etc. Also nature insects, snakes, birds, etc... I live in wyoming I love nature. Wish we could build ladders, doors, fishing rods, have the ability to tie fishing trap to raft or rock for easy finding. Make flint with rock shard. Build small plow and make small field. Coconut husk should also be able to catch rain water, along with life raft. Experimental took away ability to use palm fronds... so much usage.. achievements not working in experimental. Torch looks sqaure and jagged. When diving careful of sharp edges they are grabby and can snag you and drown you lol. Overall the game has been a wonderful time sink. Please keep rolling out the updates. I would love to keep playing and testing. As i said i live in wyoming and winter is coming therefore not much else to do..."
,Recommended,313120,30429362,Posted: 10 March,all,Happypsycoman,"The game is very fun, but also somewhat laggy. Sharks are sometimes able to glitch through the ground, and materials i get fall through the earth. I do not like the fact that multiplayer doesnt exist yet, and i would love to see that addition. Overall a very fun game, recommended for those who like survival/strategy games."
76561198097025712,Recommended,313120,17055986,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SS_Thanksforit,I've always loved the survival aspect of games but I feel like if the developers don't update this one frequently or make one BIG update soon it'll just be rutine and I speak for most gamers here when I say it'll get boring but I like it so far
,Not Recommended,313120,32923499,Posted: 28 June,all,SAGGY BISCUT,honestly this game is to boring to play i just sit there and walk around an island most of the time
76561198076326766,Not Recommended,313120,15881135,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,123,"The game is good, and is exactly what anyone could want out of a survival game, for about 2 hours. I bought this the day it released, i've been playing it again after each update but I have to say the updates are so few and far between and dont have a lot of content that I would say its not worth it right now. They do a patch every few weeks and an actual update once a month or two. There was a couple of updates with an ok amount of content, but at the pace its going were all going to be sick of this game before they add any decent content. Its pretty, and I love the idea, but the development needs to speed up a bit. I really looked forward to this game too."
,Not Recommended,313120,16491234,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DIgnified,"Good game.  Its beautiful.  But I cannot reccomend it in its current state.  THere is so little to do and such a ultra-limited ammount of animal life.  If you have seen the three shark species, seen the palm trees rocks and sand, and gone underwater in a wreck youve seen it all."
,Recommended,313120,19738296,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Great Hero J,"Let me sum it up for you.The sharks are really aggresive. Like, KOS sorta Minecraft zombie aggressive. Don't complain about how sharks don't behave that way in real life.You will run out of food, forcing you to go to other islands. Hence the shark problem.Sharks have a small chance of glitching into land.The graphics are very good, and you will almost never have FPS problems in tis game. I have a slow computer and I run it just fine. Also the gameplay and interface are reasonably realistic, and to see your vitals you need to look at your survival watch instead of just having a floating box show it all the time.Exploring shipwrecks is pretty fun, although it can be really scary at times (especially at night!)There are also many Easter Eggs to be found in Stranded Deep, and I'm not going to spoil any of them. Of course, there's always the Stranded Deep Wikia.Stranded Deep is quite rough around the edges, and may have some bugs. But it is a great overall experience."
76561198045930060,Not Recommended,313120,33391072,Posted: 8 July,all,Aielthorn,Cool idea.♥♥♥♥♥♥execution.
76561198063121518,Not Recommended,313120,33718466,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"Very unfinished, unpolished, not the survival crafter you're looking for trust me."
76561198174731795,Recommended,313120,15029032,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Wendy'sBaconator,"Step 1. Find Palm TreeStep 2. Cut down Palm TreeStep 3. Drag, walk forward, and jump while on Palm Tree to rideStep 4. Ride across oceanStep 5. Find good loot (with Palm Tree)Step 6. Bring loot with you to ship wreckStep 7. Shark kieel you or accidently cut your PAlm TReeStep 8. Cry for 10 minutes10/10 trees are better than raftslike if you cry every time"
,Recommended,313120,14162012,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Grümpy,"Found a ""Dead-ex"" box, climed up a tree to throw it down so it'd smash open, fell off and died... 10/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,32857656,Posted: 27 June,all,LegoCollecter14,"-Game play COULD be Okay if I could actually  switch out of the window to google the wiki.-only  runs in fullscreen, crashes if i attempt to turn off the fullscreen option-did i mention it crashes a freezes if i try to save the game?- I would like to point of that I have a very nice computer that is better than the recommended system.- So I am giving up on playing the game, and returning it because its jsut generally unusuable.- Hiting shift-tab causes a crash as does alt-ennter-Looks pretty tho"
76561198338025237,Recommended,313120,31763436,Posted: 14 May,all,iwalk253,"Fish are friends, NOT food."
,Recommended,313120,14455957,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,NormalDifficulty,It's good.
,Not Recommended,313120,14732298,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FORCE BREAKER,"Edit:The most recent update fixed several major bugs and added some new items. This is a step towards being an actual game and the devs seem to be making quite an effort into making this a great survival game. I want to be clear that i have played this game in offline mode for hours, and done everything there is to do. As I have said- Not much to do here yet but there is progress, and progress is the key to success. This game is fun to play as of now, but the fun only lasts for a few minutes. The continuing updates will ensure that this game will one day be superior.Original review: Ok, Im sure the team behind this game worked hard on it, because it shows. Impressive graphics and a great opening sequence prove this. I hate to give a negative review on any game, as it takes a lot of time, dedication and hard work to create one. But I also want to  warn anyone out there to be wary of purchasing this game, and invite you read my review please. I also will answer any questions you have.""Early Access"" is no excuse for this.  I read a lot of  reviews for this game before buying it, All of which were positive, encouraging anyone who likes survival or open world exploration to get the game. Since I like both genres, i decided to give it a try. The beginning of the game starts strong but soon falls flat. I begin the game in a plane, mixing a cocktail beverage only to soon find the plane diving to the ocean. I plunge into the water and then swim out of the wreckage and into a conveniently placed life raft. I see a nearby island and slowly row towards it while the wreckage burns and explodes behind me. As if things couldnt get any more dramatic, a shark circles my raft. I scramble to reach the land, jumping out of the raft and running through the shallows as the shark gives up his chase. I was very excited to get started on my survival quest. The game doesnt hold hands, (Which I like). With no directions or hint on what to do, I soon find an axe and make a fire and shelter and I kill some crabs to eat. I decide to brave the shark infested waters and scavenge the nearby sailboat and plane ruins underwater. I come back up to the surface(With my non-upgradable inventory of 8 slots full) and decide to tinker on my island a bit more before nightfall. But then I find that I have depleted all of the resources on my small island. By small i mean around 50x70 meters. When morning comes, I embark on a journey with my raft full of my collected trinkets and find that my raft moves very slow loaded down so i throw most everything overboard (assuming I will find a large island containing more trinkets) and head to a nearby visible island.This game sounds pretty good as of now, Doesnt it? If my review stopped here, Im sure you would buy it. But this is where I insist you wait until after the game is finished to buy it.As I reach the next island, I am confused as to why it is a cookie-cut replica of the previous island. A few new sticks to grab, new rocks to sharpen but its the same size and nothing of interest is found other than some binoculors in a nearby box. I try to look through them only to find that my character peers over the top of them instead and the view is only magnified by about  2x. I  somehow happen to spot another island, however, so I head to it. When I arrive, I notice, to my surpise, another replicated, small island with a few more rocks and sticks. No new ruins, No enemies, no caves or landmarks. I play on, surviving, eating, sitting around fires at night, and ""exploring"" during the day only to find more replicated 50x70 meter islands. Nothing new, no land-based enemies or new tools. A quick search of a guide shows that there are around 15 craftable items, A shark as the only real enemy and nothing I didnt find in 25 minutes of gameplay. You can however, build a boat motor and raft and use it to ""explore"" More hollow, small, replicated islands and ""survive"".If you are a normal human and want to play an early access survival game, try ""The Long Dark"". It is a survival game done right, And has many more places to explore and things to do. If however, you are a well behaved (and well used) aching prisoner, or a slave locked away in a dungeon, yet have access to Steam, You could play ""Stranded Deep"" to kill time in between your torture sessions and reamings. Not much to do or see here quite yet, unfortunately."
,Recommended,313120,15211930,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PapiwA,"Epic! Pacific island sandbox. Being stranded amidst randomly generating islands, fighting for survival against weather, wildlife, health and disease!Jump up and knock coconuts out of trees!Shave it!Pierce it!Drink it!Drop it!Chop it!Eat it!!!!!!"
76561198119225582,Recommended,313120,15585997,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,I love you,"*Finds island* ""hey is that wilson?"" *picks up wilson* ""There There buddy""Rate 10/10"
76561198076699448,Not Recommended,313120,23806511,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zalskin,At this point dont buy it. Wait for summersale 2017...
76561198215773668,Recommended,313120,19572983,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,kduff1981,"Loved this game before the update!*WTF IS MY RAFT?!!!*CAN'T CUT DOWN PALM TREES*THE OCEAN GAVE ME MOTION SICKNESS*PUKED ON MY DOG BECAUSE OF MOTION SICKNESS*FOUND ENGINE PARTS THAT I CAN'T USE?!*CLIMBED PALM TREE TO GET COCONUT, THERE WERE NO COCONUTS!*FELL OFF PALM TREE - BROKE NECK - 0 DAYS SURVIVED*WTF IS THE ROOF AND DOORS FOR MY HUT?*FOUND TARP - USED IT AS A WALL??? WTF!*KEEP PUKING WHEN EATTING COOKED POTATOES*GOT FRUSTRATED*DROWNED MY SELF TO ESCAPE THIS HELL!"
,Recommended,313120,17354223,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kilo,"VERY FUN GAME~Pros-Sharks-Scray sharks-F*****G SCARY SHARK-Im afraid of sharks- I enjoy the survival challenge- They mentioned adding a multiplayer~cons-Where is my multiplayer? xD-You could (Technically) Stay on one island for ever by fishing 10000 fish and cooking them all at once using the grill glitchP.S Don;t know the grill glitch look on my survival guide, enjoy the game"
,Not Recommended,313120,22019806,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,VeryCoolCat,"Its been over a year since its release into early access.  I played the original one then got bored pretty quickly.Its still FAR from being done... very little has changed and things have actually gotten worse.- I made a raft, but the raft was glitchy as hell and the propulsion system is utterly garbage... at least in the original they had a paddle.- You can't tell when food is cooked.  Its just a guess if you hear a supposed ding somewhere... go figure however... a cooked item will stack with uncooked items.  So its a fun game of 'did I poison myself'- The animations for all the equipables is complete garbage.  Its been a straight forward punching animation with the tool in your hand.  Yeah... I'm punching fish with the forward end of a spear.- Theres no way to tell hunger or thirst... its a guess.- There is almost no need to explore since everything excluding mechanical and metal parts will consistently respawn on the tiny island you can start on.- Really?  A years time and this game has gotten worse and almost nothing was added or changed.This game has sold over 600,000 copies @ $15 a pop.   Even at $9... thats still over 5 million.  This game in a years time hasn't gotten better.  Its a scam."
,Recommended,313120,14639612,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TH | OkayJen,Cooked a crab; saved my life.  Just like the real world.  10/10
76561198172213522,Recommended,313120,15262446,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,pikminbeebop,"Why i recommend this game is because this game gives the experience on how surviving on a island in the middle of now where, forcing youself to adapt and live in this none forgetful invirornment. Even though this is an alpha build game its really fun, it may get boring after a couple of hours playing but its still fun. even though some believe its a copy righted from the movie cast away which i do agree. This game is also a very frustrating game, it still puts you in a challenge if your one of those people who like that."
,Recommended,313120,14138979,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Keith,Was very much looking forward to playing this game on my Macbook.  Unfortunately it loads to 89% and freezes there.  If I wait a very long time the game does load.  Very nice graphics and fun to play.  Looking forward to more updates.
76561198139838496,Recommended,313120,14146998,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,blueblobdude,Amazing Game. Graphics are just plain beautiful. I played this for the first time and found it astonishing i would reccomend it to everyone. Cant wait to see what else will be added!
,Recommended,313120,14439903,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,VincibleMan,"This game is good, but is has almost nothing to do besides-Eating-Drinking-Sleeping-KillingAnd thats about all this game has to offer and also, THERE IS LOTS OF PADDLING! Plus this game is never updated anymore so it gets really boring!I am only raiting this game a yes, because it's not that bad, it just needs more updates!"
76561198090040860,Recommended,313120,14166432,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,LightningFactor,"Great idea, but still needs work. I was in the middle of the ocean when my raft became invisible and i started floating up. I have no idea what that means but it is a pretty major bug."
,Recommended,313120,14476798,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Trillary,Really awesome game but needs more things to do ive played 4 hours so far kinda bored but I see this game becoming huge!
76561198138200234,Recommended,313120,14587138,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Where's the Beef?,I fell in love with it the day I saw it and cant wait to see what the future holds for the game
,Recommended,313120,14588241,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Umbra Enigma,"First playthrough i lasted 6 days basically immitating tom hanks from the movie outcast then died from a pack of sharks.Second playthrough i am currently losing my direction every single time i leave an island and losing resourses and food and just what is this game? is that island closer? it was a second ago in my peripheral vision! Now i am stuck in a crosshair of islands and there are about 2 sharks swimming around playfully.Oh I actually killed a shark with a machette I found in a shipwreck deep in the ocean, but i was bleeding out and had no time to cook my shark meat, luckily i found some a bandage and stopped my bleeding but now i am starving.Which island did i leave the shark meat on? Hmmmm."
76561198142436213,Recommended,313120,14588422,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TRIPPY-HIPPY,i tryied using the bandage and it would not work do i use the left click button if i do i think its a glitch. help me please!
,Recommended,313120,14588516,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zieekel,"Survival game that's fairly realistic, Nice graphics, Decent physics and honestly kinda scary.So basically everything The Forest wants to be except it's not crap.Wouldn't recommend buying juuuust yet, I'd wait until it's at a fairly stable version. But if you do buy it, Item jumping/flying is best glitch 10/10."
76561197960271983,Recommended,313120,14589329,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,*****1001,"I bought this game because I needed a break. Neat idea, hopefully it gets developed to its potential. So far so good. I'm excited to support this game and can't wait to see where it ends up!"
76561198128301405,Recommended,313120,14589636,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Lost Kerbal,I highly recommend this game it is very fun. Do not exit out during loading because you think it froze mine stays at 89% for about 3 minutes then it finally loads but it is worth it.
76561198020498203,Recommended,313120,14590461,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,marshal1336,"Stranded Deep has a friendly interface and literally endless content.  There is no map, however, if anyone is familiar with any CAD programs (I am using QCAD) you can map out the game for yourself.  You just need to understand angles, radial geometry and polar coordinate systems.  The islands aren't as big as I would like, but I understand the need to keep the players moving from one island to another.  One thing I would like to see in the future is a better mode of transportation between islands.  If nothing else than to be able to make your raft bigger and more stable.  Overall really really fun game."
,Recommended,313120,14591008,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,HitGirl,Great Game!! Killin my time..Waiting until the stable version
74658435645634985,Recommended,313120,14629185,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Frostburn_the_Fox,"very fun and teaches people what would happen if you were stranded on an island alone... one glitch i found out was if you get too close to a tree when chopping it down/hitting it, you'll climb on it but it won't take any physical damage. If you could please fix that problem that would be great. otherwise, great game!"
,Recommended,313120,14630055,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,IQ's Thicc Ass,Spent 10 minutes on a raft getting to another island. One shipwreck. Found some beans but NO ROPE. Anyway this is fun and if you tweak the graphics you can get some playable frames.
,Recommended,313120,14215845,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Premium Bananas,Bought this gameSarted playingput grahics to highRestartedSpawn againGot in a boatGot stuck in boatWent to forums for helpGuy told me to restart and bring a tree next timethat as far as I made it100/10 would get stuck again.
,Recommended,313120,14607584,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Djhughd,"Great game as a survival game enthusiest i am deeply happy with this purchase great game for only an alpha and it looks like theres much more to come as there is regular updates and a big fan base for this game.  I have got about 15 hours out of the game i have a house now a few others structures, lots of food and resources and a motor boat and most collectables from ship wrecks but will play more as each new update is out. If your into survival games i highly reccomend buying this and i have high hopes for the future of this game including a multiplayer."
76561198052898986,Recommended,313120,14406692,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Angerfist,"Love the crafting system in this game, you can drag all items around,  grapchic and the concept in this game are lovely, missing some stuff still i think and there are some bugs in the game, but still early access so this will prolly be much better with the time.Cool that you can explore underwater and that healthstatus is not like in most survival games, here it is not so obvious, that is a good thing!"
76561198026004143,Recommended,313120,14341525,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,HMUK.Apollo,Crap your pants and swim away from sharks simulator 201511/10
76561198021519036,Recommended,313120,14187964,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ganthor,"The game has real potential, but I'd hold off on getting it for a while, because it's way too early access to do anything in.  I'll be updating this review in the future as the development process happens"
76561198089726203,Recommended,313120,14348188,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ColFrogfoot,"Pretty cool game it doesn't have a lot of content atm and no co-op, I wish there was co-op. At first I was pretty scared of the sharks in the water but eventually I just didn't care at all I manually swam to 8 different islands, the sharks aren't that good at killing you, especially if you just sprint swim or zig zag. The most annoying thing about this game is the scary music when a shark is near you. I honestly don't give a shet if there is a shark near me they can't kill me but the music just keeps going and it gets so frikin annoying.Honestly- Let us disable shark near music- Co-op, obviously"
,Recommended,313120,14759037,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[PDΔ]Matix,I found this game refreshingly fun and relaxing to play. 7/10
,Recommended,313120,15029848,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Doctor,"A somewhat realistic insight on how it would be to become stranded on an island with minimal resources. This is a truly unique experience these days when we are flooded with generic ""zombie survival"" games. Fresh crafting mechanics, absolutely GORGEOUS graphics for a game that weighs just under 400 MB (at the time of the writing) and an amazing dev support with frequent updates and great communication with the community. For £10.99 this is an absolute steal that can provide more fun and longer experience than most games made these days. Last but not least the fact that this game has been made by only a team of two people makes it appreciate the hard work put into this even more. In summary - best early access game I've seen so far. Even if the game would be left in a state it is, it is already completely playable with few glitches and problems and already enough content to warrant at least 10-15 hours of fun for even the most demanding of players."
76561198067414255,Recommended,313120,14158294,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Potato Joe,Pre Alpha Thoughts....Love the game worth all teh money I paid for it. Its kinda like owning CatsAway Sim 2015. (I know that is spelt wrong).I cant wait till you release the first update. Keep up the great work and please dont stop.
,Recommended,313120,19759672,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MIDLIFEMATT,"I normally do not play survival games. I spent almost 10 years in the military and I have gotten lazy and used to common day luxuries. Now I need to fish, crack coconuts and build my own (non Ikea) bed? Come on.I still decided to give it a go and this video in my profile shows you my first 45 minutes of gameplay ever. Stranded Deep is still in an early stage of development so the gameplay is not as smooth as would expect it to be. Stranded Deep is a discovery game as well as a survival game. You need to learn how to survive in terms of food, aid and building a place to live along with furniture.Little explanation is given on how to achieve all of this and that can be frustrating for some, like me as you will see in the video. The graphics make up for a lot of the gameplay's shortcomings. Night and day, and sunrise and sunsets look breathtaking. Some glitches were seen when swimming and heading into deeper waters, but nothing that ruined my experience.At just EUR 15 this game is a steal and guarantees hours of fun gameplay. I would recommend getting on board soon and getting the game.Stay tuned for more videos in my profile where I start to learn the ropes of the game. And of course, tips are welcome :)"
76561198089098541,Recommended,313120,14218119,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,yum,"This game shows A LOT of potential. Right now there isn't much content to it, everything you can do is done in the first few hours of playing it. Glitches and bugs, such as the boat dissapearing in the middle of the ocean, landsharks, and godly palm trees which you can basically fly on are things that make the game less enjoyable. Personally, I think this game needs more content, perhaps an optional story line, and bugfixes. Overall, this game is pretty dang awesome."
,Recommended,313120,16892454,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Don Migos,"Great game, i can't wait for the online and co-op version !"
,Recommended,313120,14262271,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bjarkamal,My god. i have never seen a game with so much potential. a minimal amount of bugs. AND ON DAY ♥♥♥♥ING ONE.Buy it Queers
,Recommended,313120,14139027,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lakerman,"Step One of survival is to clearly express dominance over any and all inhabitants, crabs get slaughtered by the dozens before I even know what to do with them, sharks? yeah buddy get over here I will come to you and stick you in the fins with my knife until he gets the lesson.Step Two of survival figure out the controls and what I can make...I enjoy the game so far even in this early stage its well polished and I am excited to see where the game goes next, also the sound for when sharks are near is really creepy and helps magnify the fear level if you are diving for stuff and thats with you swimming around."
,Recommended,313120,14175840,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[MG] Andrewbacca,"This is one of the best Early Access Games I have played, yes it needs work but its a great idea of a game, makes a nice change for a survivial game, where you don't have to fight zombies/monsters but instead Mother Nature herself.I would say that they need to sort out the fact that finding rocks becomes impossible! And I'm not sure what happens once you have cropped all of the trees.Graphics - 100/10 - Amazing GraphicsPerformance - It runs at 60fps on the highest quality on my PC but I have a beefy computer!Audio - 6/10 - needs new sounds, the microwave noise when food is cooked is just oddGameplay - 6/10 - For an Alpha game the gameplay is a great start, needs quests, ie messages in a bottle.All in all its great I have had and will have a lot of fun playing.Playlist of videos where I try and survive!Stranded Deep #1 -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMhaSDuW1o0Stranded Deep #'2-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btYpe5RJnT0Stranded Deep #3 -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0u5hUFoN8wStranded Deep #4 -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t64K1q3mgk"
,Recommended,313120,14453243,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mdogg,"Very fun procedurally generated survival game.  No zombies, no pirates, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,313120,16566629,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Baron von Pain,"All I want is a storm.  I want to be on an island and have to strap down and take on a typhoon.  Wind, rain, the whole shebang.  After a storm, everything is scattered around the island and unsecured items may be lost.  Buildings are damaged and hearts are broken.  Yes.  YES!Other than that and a craving for Oculus Rift support, this game is fantastic.  The atmosphere makes it feel like you're really in the environment, and you can get eaten by sharks."
,Recommended,313120,15342292,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,I Need Sleep,"The game is good, but it isn't playable because of the harsh lag that comes with it. I have everything set to the lowest quality and it runs incredibly poorly"
,Recommended,313120,14422164,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nextton,nice job!
,Recommended,313120,16886657,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Planetary Crystal,"This game is great, exept for one thing I do not understand. Why does the sea level rise when you respawn? also many of my friends say the motorboat is a rip off"
,Recommended,313120,23926064,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rocky,"Most of us have been waiting patiently for this game to really take the next step but it really hasn't. (yet?)As you can see I have put a lot of hours into this game, because overall it is still really fun exploring and crafting. This game has seen some bug fixes and minor content in the last many months, Most of the hours I played were last year when it first came out. Then they added seaforts and more cool stuff but the main issues for me are slow development and lack of multiplayer.The map editor they added recently is AWESOME, ill have lots of fun with that once theres more to do in the game. Since converting game engines, the graphics and waves look A LOT better and more realistic. I can say they have done a great job making it feel more immersive. The creatures in the ocean dont seem nearly as common as before which is unfortunate. Part of the Stranded Deep feel for me was being in an ocean brimming with life, even if unrealistic haha it still makes it more fun that an empty ocean with the occasional shark.I will edit this review in the future as they change the game, but for now yes i recommend it.. if you enjoy crafting/survival games.- Rocky"
,Recommended,313120,14240315,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,WahmenRespecter,Great game. Recommend to everyone out there who likes survival games such as the forest.
76561198105894364,Recommended,313120,14345152,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Phoenyx,Great game! When I started I thought it would be crap but actually its real fun! Looking forword to them adding more stuff!
,Recommended,313120,16489352,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ne0_Kn1ghT -NF-,"I think this is an average game. The crafting is nice and you get to cut down trees, kill crabs, go in the water and  then freak out cause you see a shark but this is a game that can get boring quickly.I would recommend only buying this if it's on sale."
,Recommended,313120,14217239,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Frazer /twitch.tv/monfreregaming,This game is so worth the £10 pounds I paid for.The game itself looks amazing graphical wise and I am so looking forward to future updates.Its worth the buy.
76561198079444511,Recommended,313120,14199849,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TYGR_Shades,Very Great Survival Sim even in its current state. Cant wait to see what comes next in updates!
76561198155799669,Recommended,313120,14339085,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,diablojch,"Stranded Deep is my introduction to the survival genre and so far I have throughly enjoyed it.  No hand holding, no quest markers, just your wits and creative/explorative nature to drive you through the game.~Basically you are Tom Hanks in cast away.  I even found an ""easter egg"" Wilson look-alike.  Man vs. Nature at its finest.  This game is unforgiving much like mother nature so if you aren't up for a challenge you should move on.~The game is beautiful.  Visuals and audio are both very well handled.Cons~Time consuming.  Takes too long for certain necessary activities."
,Recommended,313120,14178750,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nelco,"Got stranded in a boat, raft disappeared, managed to fight and kill a shark with a spear, and then promptly starved to death.100/10Would be castaway again"
76561198146977358,Recommended,313120,14309644,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,JUSTIFICATIONPLZ,"So i wake up in a plane for some reason feel the need to drink a martini and of coarse light it on fire! Apparently i am also a light wait in the drinking so need to sit down for the long flight....look to the side of the plane its clear that im gonna crash...crash.....swim out to life raft pass out from flaming martini..wake up on beautiful shore of a island with many twins and triplets and so forth in veiw on the horizen.....walk across the beach find some crabs....eat crabs...throw up crabs....then see a little bout swim out ..ok not a little boat swim in find a oxigen tank, hammer and some vitamins..very handy....return to beach hear some sort of jaws music...laugh a little then a tiger shark appears. very quickly find out hoarding items in life raft is not good slows you down..notice half the stuff is gone...wtf lok around i fling in to the air back down in the drink i swim up get quickly back into the raft..look around again three tiger sharks swimming around and taking turns in hitting the raft realise raft is useless jump out and start swimming..make it to island...start chopping wood with make shift axe...figure out how to build a fire..go get some more crabs try to cook them doesnt work.... turn around and see something strange on the island...awwww how nice it's a whale..jump in water try to ride whale find a sunken boat dive in cabin collect some more buckets of sea water...whale decides to come in the cabin with me...ok.....dead......day 1.Would swim with whale's again...10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14667262,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Fuhrious Fascistonista,"I enjoy the game quite a bit. Love the freeform, etc. the one thing that must have just been implemented is the whole cooking system. before, I could click on the camp fire and it would automatically cook it for me, now I have to drop the crab INTO the fire, and hope that I get it right otherwise I have to spend another five minutes trying to even get it to stay on. It may be ""realistic"", if that's what you're attempting to achieve, however it is extremely maddening and I cannot play it without getting angry at it at least once.I love the whole aspect of the game, however just this part (which is very vital to survival) just really drives me away from playing it."
76561198009960007,Recommended,313120,14676165,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fodder123,"Just a so cool Sim!Everyone must try this great adventure.. Stay alive dispite them Sharks and no food just one helping of fresh water to get you to the next stage, staying dry and warm stranded on a patch of sand in the middle of a butifull blue deadly sea :-)If you like Crabs you will love this challenge!Have fun and good luck.. ..You will need it.Oh Wally is around too :-)"
,Recommended,313120,14264357,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Phorid,"This game is so good for its first couple days from launch, Here are a few things you could do to improve the game and make it more realistic for the gamers.1. More Scare, less Sharks. What im meaninig is to make the sharks act how they would depending on the type of shark.2. No way of getting wood. If your Axe/ Pocket Knife breaks and you have nothing else to hit the tree with then your F*cked, make it so we can use the paddle or something.3. Make it Multiplayer!!!! Personally I would love to build up an society on an island with all of my friends online, I think that would be really cool!4. Paddle Sounds on/ off land. If you use the paddle on labd it still gives you the sound affect of water which in my books seems a little strange because im in the middle of the island with no water...5. Make all trees choppable! I ran out of wood on my island so I had to go to 2 different idlands just to build my house which took, A LONG TIME!Other than those 5, thanks for reading and hopefully your will take out comments, think about them and give them a chance!Cheers"
,Recommended,313120,14172694,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,St. IGNUcius,"One of the most unique gameing experinces I've ever had. This sin't some mere Minecraft clone, it's an ultra realistic survival simulator! There isn't that much content as of this writting; every item and mechanic could fit on your averge wikipedia page, but then again this is a VERY early build. This game has so much potential. I strongly hope this game is eventually finished (we all know how games like to stay early access forever these days) as I imagine it will be a ton of fun.Pros.Stunning graphics and an incrediably immersive atmopshere.proceeduraly generated and functionally infinite worldsCons.Buggy as flea infested june bug (again, very early build).Only a few items and mechanics have been added so farDon't buy this game expecting to put hundreds of ours into it because as is, there is only a couple ours of content. Only buy if you simply can't wait to see what all the fuss is about. If you want something you can sink a lot of hours into, wait until more content is added."
76561198072743293,Recommended,313120,14299808,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,HighFly Ry,"Amazing game overall there is so much to do, perfect game for playing alone if your bored, or tired. The only thing that bothers me is some of the shipwrecks that you can find while playing, you get stuck inside the boat, and you are unable to climb out of the hatch aswell. Other than that amazing game"
76561198058486890,Recommended,313120,14274544,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,buggy,Best game I've found this year!!! And it was on 15$!!!! So worth it if you have the cash too spend. I hope they keep updating the game and adding things. But really the first time you go down too a wreck and get some stuff then turn around and BAM there is a shark heading right for you..... it gets intence sooooooooooooooooo much fun.
,Recommended,313120,14510294,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hazenkain,"Do the impossible, see the invisible, row row.. row row... row row row row row row r-"
76561198067115095,Recommended,313120,14340719,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FabuLyon,4th time loading it up I was on my starter island and found a Vollyball resembing Wilson from Castaway. with the name Wollie and i could hold him! I got so excited! I AM TOM HANKS
76561198073797666,Recommended,313120,16731854,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Excalibur,"I like this game  and i'll give it a 6/10 for now. It has major potential! and i think only 2 devs are working on this gameIt was really fun at first im about 15 hours in and i just dont feel like playing it anymore when ive seen just about everything and done everything in the game .It's been about 5 months from release so i'll give this game some time.Pros- Game looks great, great fps(60),  is fun for a while, plays great, and is realisticCons- Not much content, gets boring after a while, islands are really SMALL , not much to craft,Things they should add-Bigger islands  with  - jungles, moutains like in ""Cast Away""the movie.More fish type, new animals maybe some land animals or birds, sea gulls,more items (craftables)co-op mode would be fun like 1-4 players struggling to survive togetherand megalodon...jk but that would be cool as an easter egg?I still love this game."
,Recommended,313120,14151873,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Im really surpised at this game. It looks great, controls arent quarky, and it feels much more polished than most Early Access games. Ive only played for a few minutes but my first impression is that the devs put together something nice. Im looking forward to learning how to actually craft some cool things and make a life on an island. I will add to this review when I get a better feel for it. But right now, gut feeling, totally worth $15. Especially if the improvements are the same quality of everything else they have created so far."
,Recommended,313120,14514793,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,UberMedic7,"I dont have an insane amount of playtime of this (for now) but its enough for me to write a ""review"" about it.Personally i like all survival games, but this one is not just another survival game.Its freshhas a cool conceptits not involved with a zombie apocalipseyou get to be a movie starget paranoid cuz of sharks and boatsWooden PCs (like mine) can run it okOn a serious note though, this game looks very promising."
76561198067949646,Recommended,313120,15774500,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Jack Sparrow,make it multiplayer no co-op or local multiplayer and it will be the best seller !!!!!!!Well almost the best seller
,Recommended,313120,14150446,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SoRabo the Awesome,Memories of playing Stranded and Stranded II. cant wait to see more! BUY! Words go here!
,Recommended,313120,14325961,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,argo,"If you have ever wondered what it would be like to be stranded on an island all ""Robinson Crusoe"" esque, like i have, then this the the perfect game for you."
76561198044845871,Recommended,313120,14292722,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,GiltMeerkat,"52 days, Thousands of krabs, Hundreds of coconuts, About 50 sharks, 17 islands, and 1 whale... but still no Willson."
,Recommended,313120,14612275,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Iffikowski,"A very good game for those who dont like all the Zombie-Survival Games.Don't expect too much content right now, because it's an Alpha, but the Devs are addingevery Update a good amount of things to try out and/or kill ;)Worth every $$$"
,Recommended,313120,14510206,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Lefte Pickle bets.gg,This Is a really  Really Really fun game. But it would make it much better if they added Co Op with friends. (PS) CANNOT WAIT FOR FUTURE CONTENT!!!
,Recommended,313120,15161349,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,minecraft is my city,it has some bugs but reslly fun i play it every day if a get the chance you should buy it its really fun only 1!!!!! BUG the tiger shark glitches into the island and i was scared at first but i get used to it
76561197964102443,Recommended,313120,15187198,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mashiro☯,"Was skeptical about getting this game, however the initial introduction was awesome(:Love sailing to new islands! I love building shacks, fires, cooking, swimming!The underwater environment is awesome! Definitely recommend it(:"
76561198172781851,Recommended,313120,15117769,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,AwesomeDavid,Love this game! It's incredibly fun and I can not wait to see where it ends up going!
,Recommended,313120,14997612,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jones1296,I love this game it will go in my top ten
,Recommended,313120,15104742,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,♛ RomanD ///M Power,"This game is amazing. I love this game even though it's in early acces. They do need to work on some bugs as the paddle makes water noises on land, the ladders must be fixed and rocks need to occur more often. I can see this becoming a amazing survival game with a nice ending or saviour of some sort."
,Recommended,313120,14153152,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cujo,Very fun game. Wish you could use your raft to hall materials.
76561198108511130,Recommended,313120,14138496,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Nelcros,"First playthrough, spawned near an island with a shipwreck next to the beach. Went below deck to check it out. Turned around and a shark was there. Nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Lived on to die another day. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14162525,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Osiris,"Really enjoying this game so far it is still very early access so take that into account.If you want a completed game then this might not be for you.So far the game has a lot in it but definatly starts to get a bit repetitive,  would love to see some bigger / different islands but there is still a lot of things to explore with the different ship wrecks.If you are a fan of the survival genre and want to try something a bit different and with no zombies then I would recomend checking it out its fairly cheap as well so that help :).   The developers have talked about wanting to add co-op in the future but it will not be for a long time and not until all the other features they want are in the game.I did a short gameplay of the game over on my channel check it out if you want to see my initial thoughts :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFIIv_KBTck"
,Recommended,313120,14150078,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Boseyb21,"Great game overall keeping in mind its in Alpa.Some of the things that I didnt enjoy was the lack of food and how hard it was to keep that up, also my raft I made disapearring in the middle of the ocean...They should add a bottum to the ocean and maybe more dangerous animals such as eels and even something to fear on the land.The islands were decent sized and I enjoyed but they should have a few islands that are a little bigger than others.I believe that this is worth the 15 dollars and will be expanded upon. The graphics were amazing.Overall I think this is one of the better survival games out there at the moment."
,Recommended,313120,14157134,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ImortalFalcon,"Saw big fish out at sea, decided to paddle to big fish. Marlin swam by me as I paddled, nice. Big fish turned into great white, followed by two more great whites. Decided to paddle in other direction. Raft disappears. Now in water with 3 great whites. In my water-flailing spot buoy, swam to it. Managed to climb bouy in fear, guide it, then paddle it back to shore.10/10 would hijack buoy again."
76561197980150152,Recommended,313120,14145405,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Blind,"DAY 1:Mixing a martini on my private jet when all of a sudden the cabin depressurizes and my life flashes before my eyes. I managed to strap myself in as to not get sucked out of the plane now spirialing downward to certain death. It feels like I am underwater. I am still alive. Struggling to get out of the sinking wreckage I miraculously find the life raft deployed on the surface of the ocean. I was able to get my bearings for a few seconds when all of a sudden I heard a loud explosion and everything went dark...DAY 2:I awoke to the tropical sun cooking my face. Where was I? Still in the life raft in the ocean. But there was hope! An Island in the distance! I furiously paddled my way towards it hoping to find civilization. The closer I got though my heart sank as I realized the island was no bigger than an acre or two.Pulling the raft onto shore I surveyed the island. A few trees and some sand was all there was. Walking around I stumbled across a package. Could this have been from the plane wreckage? I decided not to open it as if something to look forward to in the future. Sitting down on the sand I looked at the now setting sun and thought to myself... This is where I'm going to die.DAY 3:My stomach woke me up at the crack of dawn. I don't think I've ever been this hungry. My lips were dry and cracked as well. I needed sustanance immediately. I managed to gather some crabs in the shallow water and cracked open a couple coconuts from the palm trees. Feeling semi satisfied I started to build a small camp. Fire was the priority, which came rather easily considering I still had my trusty zippo.DAY 6:Still no sign of any search and rescue craft. The only thing searching the area seems to be bloody sharks around the island. They are everywhere!DAY 9:Getting hard to find crabs, I must've eatin  50 or 60 of them by now. The island is looking pretty bare too. I've chopped down all of the 8 trees that were here and made a small shack to get out of the weather. What should I do?DAY 14:Down to my last couple coconuts... It was a clear day yesterday and I'm pretty sure I saw another Island in the distance. It had to be at least a couple miles away though. Gonna have to make a hard decision here really soon.Day 16:Im out of food and water. I'm taking the chance to get to that other island. I loaded up the raft with some materials I had and that unopened package and set off. About 3 hours into the trek I had a shark issue. He came out of no where and bumped the raft. I saw him swiming near the surface towards me and as he got close I grabbed my make shift spear and stabbed that ♥♥♥♥er right in the face! That got his attention alright, but he was smart enough to leave me alone. Thank God.I continued on but clouds were rolling in. I could see the island in the distance, still tiny but I was determined to make it there.4 HOURS LATER:The clouds are on top of me and with it a thick fog. I can't see anything. Forcing myself not to look any direction but where I had been going  I kept paddling.It's starting to get dark... still foggy and raining a little bit. My arms are aching painfully. I closed my eyes.DAY 17:I woke up what felt like a second later and it was day time. Sunny and clear! I sat up to start heading towards the island again despite my arms feeling so bad. Where was it? There was nothing! I was stranded in the middle of the ocean this time... What am I going to do? Is this the end?"
76561197970379423,Recommended,313120,14134907,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Vantus,"Review Date:24 - Jan - 2015As with many others these days, I find myself struggling to hit that ""add to cart"" button when it comes to Early Access games. ""Once bitten, twice shy"", yes?But that's all I'll say about Early Access. No need for lectures, everyone knows the drill by now.I've clocked about 5 hours or so on it (at the point of writing) so I feel I can give a little ""release day"" review.Positive:Beautiful Graphics- The blue haze from the moon, the godrays in the water. Wonderful.Well optimized- Runs smoothly on ultra (Geforce 780ti, AMD 3350)Different approach to crafting. Items need to be placed near eachother in the world space to access potiential recepies. Crafting is not done via the inventory or a ""grided"" workbench as with other games.Procedural generation- Adds the replayability that survival games need to increase shelf-life and prevent habits and routines.Terrifying at times- That music... Being stuck in the open water with 3 tiger sharks circling my raft was infinitely more frightening than any zombie, monster, faceless businessman or jack-in-the-box ghost.Resource managment- Islands are small, reasources are limited. Craft wisely.Underwater exploration- An example being the ability to find chests with items in them. I found a compass in one. Thar be treasure!Negative:Small Islands- I get that small islands can help with the feeling of isolation but I feel the game needs larger areas of land to at least make a decent camp or base on. This will be important when Multiplayer is introduced once the game is ready for it.Rocks!- one of the most vital reasources is the rock and boy will you struggle to keep stock of them. They are rare to find.Uninteractible objects:- Im sure this will be addressed but as it is, you cannot interact with objects you realstically should be able to. For example, you can only cut down palm trees even though you are surrounded by trees of another kind. Same goes for tree fronds Also, there is driftwood you cannot pick up and large rocks you can't chisel at for the elusive stones required for crafting.Bug Related:Raft Bug- This is the only game-ruining bug and I'm sure this will be address ASAP but currently when sailing between islands, your raft will vanish and drop you into the ocean. That's right. With Sharks. You get to keep your paddle but I presume that's so you can batter yourself to death before the sharks get you.Sand Sharks- Sharks (only occassionally) swim through the island terrain. It's harmless really but it does mean you are forever stricken with the terrifying shark music while it lurks beneath the sand....Summary:I'm really glad I bought this game! I never thought I'd say it and I hope I don't need to redact it either.It is still far too early yet to say how quickly the Beam Team will develop the game or how their interaction with the community will be now that the game is out. Their goal as it stands, is to have Stranded Deep complete by the end of 2015 and if other Early Access games are saying anything it's: ""That's optimistic....But if you say so"".Right now, the game is solid with only 1 game-spoiling bug which is an excellent place to be. I am excited to play this game and that too is also very good.Will I get bored of it? It's likely, unless they really take advantage of the procedural generation and create a copious amount of ""events"" to shake things up and prevent me from sinking back in my shack doing nothing but drinking coconut milk and tossing crabs around the beach.I wish the Beam Team well on their maiden voyage! Just don't crash into the ocean and disappear eh? ;)"
,Recommended,313120,14204225,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Husky,"Right when you saw this you probably thought, ""is this like The Forest?"" or ""Is this better than The Forest?"" and my answer for those are partly yes, and yes. This game has the same genre. Survival. Stranded Deep is unique game which leaves you stranded on an island which has materials needed for your survival and if its not on an island, it's in a shipwreck either on the beach or in the ocean. After playing this game for almost 20 hours I have no gotten bored of it. The game is just so enjoyable so the adventures never end. Anyone who doesn't recommend this game, I couldn't understand why unless they found some type of bug that I haven't. I rate this game 10/10, It's one of the best games I've played."
76561198059104967,Recommended,313120,14213081,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Serg,https://www.youtube.com/user/OfficialCGTV
76561198176420177,Recommended,313120,14237346,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,nickandchrissy21,"Okay, I have a major bug to report on. I was exploring each island, but I made sure not to do so until I had found the compass. I was making a map so I could keep track of where my home was writing down the direction (N, S, E, W, etc) and drawing pictures labeling 1-10 of each of the 10 islands I explored to successfully find my way. There is a problem... I think it's with the map generator or something... Because on several occassions I would leave in the West direction towards an island and then end up back at the same exact island I just left and that would mean I got turned around and headed back East. I though maybe it was human error so I tried 3 more times and it happened 2 out of 3 times... Now, I can no longer find my original home... PLEASE, fix this. I'm not sure what the problem / solution would be... but this is a MAJOR problem especially since there is no Map feauture. Anyways, I LOVE this game and everything else is perfect or is being fixed :D LIKE THIS SO IT GETS ATTENTION AND THEY FIX IT PLEASE!"
,Recommended,313120,14127844,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Exactkilla,This game is really playable and would recondmend this to a friend!
,Recommended,313120,14173038,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Aegis_Keeper,"I bought Stranded Deep not expecting too much from it considering it is in early access. That was the wrong expectation. The game is beautiful, the gameplay is solid. A few little tiny bugs here and there (I figured out that if I carry the life boat and stand on it I can essentially fly). Even as it is, $15 is a bargain for an amazing game so far. It's worth checking out at the very least."
76561198087574371,Recommended,313120,14227005,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SI MoN,"This is a great buy, the game itself is absolutely brimming with potential and I'm excited to see where they go with it. The graphics are exceptional and the dev's have done a really good job in terms of making sure that resources are scarce enough that you can't have a comfy life forever.Now that the disappearing raft bug is gone too, I can play this game without needing a spare set of underwear on hand. There is nothing nice about trying to quietly scoot by a pair of sharks in the dead of night and then hearing a splash as your raft quite literally vanishes from underneath you and you end up having a meet and greet with Jaws and his bigger brother. On that note, if you're one of those people who get freaked out in water that's too deep for you to see to the bottom, move along - this is not the droid you are looking for. That's the norm here and not only that, but there's almost certainly a shark below you. They're everywhere.The tension throughout this game is good and there's a lot to be said about being careful with your resources. Some are definitely a little too abundant and others a little too scarce. But if you're pretty happy sat in paradise eating crab and coconut all day, throw your money at Beam Team now!Given it's early access, this is a good enough taster to warrant buying the game. I'm going to make an effort to not rinse too much time into this for a little while and give the devs some time to iron some things out and inevitably add some things in.In terms of what I'd like to see, or see amended, I've made a list below:Improvements:* ROCKS - we need more. I get incensed when I break the tool that I was using to cut down the last tree to keep my fire going so I can cook that last crab and I no longer have any rocks, despite the fact that when I pan the camera around, there are rocks goddamn everywhere, but I can't have any of them because they aren't....well I don't know. But come on, rocks are everywhere yet, there's only 7 - 8 per island you can actually pick up. 6 of which go on a fire pit. Maybe include the options to break down larger ones?* Fast travel to islands you've already visited (OR access to improve your storage capacity in lieu of this), if this were to be incorporated, perhaps add in an increased hunger/thirst penalty to balance it out?* Along similar lines, perhaps have the option to generate a makeshift map of sorts as you explore? This could be done through crafting a sheet of wood and a rock shard acting as chalk or something?* You should be able to make food spits without having to upgrade to a fire pit. (Those six rocks are far more useful for other things, but manual cooking is a real bore too so it's a bit damned if you do, damned if you don't.)* It'd be nice to put my bed in a shelter, pretty sure this is just a bug though and I expect this to be fixed asap.* Larger islands with access to more resources - balanced by having hostile natives/animals perhaps?* Flotsam - I saw on a survival doc once that there's always lots of things literally washing up on shore - cans, bottles, rope etc. This would be a good addition. Have 90% of it be useless, 9% be sort of useful (burnable for example, or rope etc.) and then every now and again, have the final 1% being something really useful like a backpack, harpoon or something - basically a set of items that would be unique to flotsam only, not obtainable at dive sites etc. Balance it out by never guaranteeing that an island might have one of those ""1%"" items.* Sharks hostile to those f'ing Marlins. I've been knocked out of rafty more times than I can remember by bloody Marlins, once straight into the path of a great white. Throw us a rope if the two happen to meet?* Shark music - I think it should be an option in the menu. I can see a solid argument for having it, and an equally solid one for not. Perhaps meet in the middle and have it something that can be turned on or off?* Other ways to die - the list is endless - sea snakes, stone fish, jelly fish etc etc.* Storage - crates out of sticks and rope. Even better have some that can attach to your raft, who doesn't like a picnic at sea?* Variety of wrecks - airplanes, larger ships with air pockets in etc. This one might be wishful thinking, but it would be cool.* Shark sizes - Great Whites are way bigger than Tiger Sharks, easy fix.* Digging! Have some islands that aren't just sand so you can dig in, what if some had caves for example? Even if they were only big enough to have yourself plus a fire in, it'd add a bit of variety.A few people have mentioned PVP, but I'm dead against it here, multiplayer could definitely work, trying to survive as a group is much harder as you need so much more food etc. but hostile options will ruin this game, I'm certain of it. Imagine logging in to find some ballbag has stolen all of your stuff or broken your shelter etc.There's a lot of other stuff, but it's all things that I'm 100% certain that it's already going to be sorted, things like having to stay warm in the rain, sickness, an end game etc. I can't see how they won't address any of that, so I'm leaving it out. Oh and this game is screaming for an Easter Egg, something crazy like a kraken, giant shark or pirates or something equally stupid, make it happen!Really happy that I bought this and looking forward to seeing where it goes!"
,Recommended,313120,14156108,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gators12,This game has alot of potential.
,Recommended,313120,15097472,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,King Woodrow,Castaway confirmed
,Recommended,313120,14504691,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,La Li Lu Le Lo,LvDPrankWars  i ♥♥♥♥ing love sharks
,Recommended,313120,14736651,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Xerfo,its k
,Recommended,313120,15422993,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chow yun fat,nothing to say 10/10
,Recommended,313120,14170638,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sondre Andersen,"So! First 18 minutes of gameplay!* Went ingame and started it up* Made martini, lit it on fire and then drank it* Got to my liferaft and anchored at the island* Found a boat, checked it out. Nothing special in there.* Thought that I should move to another island* On the way, I noticed a big ship, checked it out.* Nothing on that darn ship, neither within. Got hurt somehow.* Looked around, lost.* Said ""I'll go to the closest island!"", which I did.* As I arrived, I quickly discovered that it was the starting island.* I laughed, and went to bed.10/10 would recommend."
76561198213088516,Recommended,313120,15870252,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,finn81,"really good game,they've covered every aspect throughout the updates,making it better and better each time!Could entertain me for days!"
76561198116492961,Recommended,313120,14543461,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tarfun,"I decided to buy this game as i love survival games; what i got turned out to be the baby of the forest, and Salt (Two of my favourite games). Whilst the game does have some 'cons' per se, such as the ludicrous travel times putting off exploration, it is an especially fun little adventure with all the laxative coconuts in the World to eat! (watch splattercatgaming to understand :P).If you are looking for a semi-unique survival (as all games have their own niche) then at least consider checking this gem out, whilst the building is semi-pointless (as you can travel from island to island anyway) the way you construct and chop trees is fresh and very enjoyable. A quick heads up, to craft a raft, place foundation in the water... something that took me a small period of time to realise.Definitely worth a buy if you are into the survival/travel genre, though there is little actual threat, at least towards food and hunger (due to the excessive amounts coconuts), sharks are suite dangerous. Also if you do buy the game, learn to fly a tree :)"
,Recommended,313120,15179422,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Walker Trips,"This has been one of the most immersive survival experiences I've played. Even with my low spec computer and being unable to take full advantage of its obviously beautiful graphics, I have clock MANY hours building, crafting, fishing and killing those damn sharks! At times, Stranded Deep can almost seem like a horror game when the elements turn on you, sending chill down your spine as something belts your boat out from under you in the fog and looming shadows come out of the dark to tear your legs off. Though it's not a horror, ths is just the realsm smacking you in the face with a wet fish! Definitely my favorite game at the moment.The only downside I guess is the occasional physics blunders on the raft, and the motorboat not being nearly fast enough making island travel occasionally tedious. Several glitches in the physics have aided some folk to get about faster, but if these are fixed for final release I would definitely recommend making that motorboat worth the effort to built. A Co-Op function for online play might be fun too, but not absolutely necessary. Though I'd love it to show people around my sialnd and atempt co-existence with other folk. Oh and make the binoculars worth while too. Some item salvage can wind up like a Kinder Egg- inevitible disappointment fro useless inventory cloggers. But hell this is early acces so I'm guessing all with have uses in the final version. I really hope those of us who have put the time into the game so far don't lose it when it exits early access.All in all so far I give this game an 8/10   for realism, atmosphere, occasional intensity, crafting, and those comedy easter eggs which have many oyoutubers laughing their asses off. I think 'Woolie' still illudes poor JackSepticEye.In closing- Get this game!"
76561198058527723,Recommended,313120,14410580,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Shadow Walker,super fun and it keeps you on your toes
76561198058585122,Recommended,313120,14719612,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cheekoo,"It's definitely a fun game, I'm at day 17 or something now, i just want more stuff to build, and I'd LOVE it if there were some bigger islands, not too big, but I'm sure you get what im sayin... there isnt much buildable space on alot of islands too... but still for an early access game ill give it 8/10, id love to be able to maintain my machete/hammer/axe too, dont know if thats too much to ask.. THANKS for reading devs"
76561198120621801,Recommended,313120,14269691,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,disc0armadill0,Great game just needs a few fixes but it is an alpha
,Recommended,313120,14223010,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,☽MoonGoddess☾,"Amazing game! Recently all games I buy, I play for a hour and then im over it.. This game, I find it interesting and something new always happens. Just a shame it didn't release as multiplayer, wouldve been soo fun with friends.. Another thing that would've made it exciting is... PIRATES! but you wouldn't find them often though, if you could beuild your own ship (yes a lot of time and sticks will be needed, but think it would b worth it.)Overall thumbs up to the developers, I shall keep supporting you guys. Just keep up the good work :3"
,Recommended,313120,14197879,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BenPortas,"Shark-SimulatorI understand that I have limited play time in this game however I thought ill post a review anyway.Firstly prosGood Graphics and runs extreamly smooth, solid frame rate.Seems like lots of items to craftGood and very unique crafting systemHas islands with potatos and crabs on it!Crabs don't biteCan breathe longer underwater then you can onFarcry 3 or 4Seems promising as a very early early alphaVery realistic day an night looks, espeically nightimeNightime is dark enough, dark yet seeable with out night-vision gogglesIn the middleSwimming with sharks starts the spooky music however they don't seem to actualy attack you? May just be me but if you ever wanted to go swimming with dolphins this is the next best thing!No tutorial, makes the game harder and more realistic yes however, I had to serch youtube to even craft one item. Bit confusing at start. (I understand theres the plane martini tutorial however it doesnt teach you anything useful for actual in game survival purposes)Crabs don't seem to nip.... good and bad but really wanted to 1v1 a crab however it just isnt possible.ConsNight time is a bit boring in the early game. You basicly just have to afk or tab out and watch youtube till the morning.You start on a pile of sand. I understand the seeds are random however all anyone gets is an island that takes 5 seconds to walk accross and thats it. You can see other similar shaped islands in the distant however after trying I belive they are not possible to get to. This leaves you with water and shiprecks to explore but no land exploration :( aslo makes the game feel a slight bit pointless at the start as you really have to think what your aim is going to be, the end game seems to have a wooden shack on an island and then you're done. (Understand this is still early early alpha but still)I may be mistaken however it seems completable in a couple of hours (imagineRust Legacy)This game is a water basedRust Legacyhowever with a better future I hope! ;)You can't harvest shark meat.... seems a bit pointless killing them for no reason. Not even shark fin soup :(You don't get to finish your martini due to theplane crashNo turtles? Number one addon/dlc needed ;) I can imagine a lovely turtle pet or shell hat.All in all I still belive this game is great in its current position and that it has massive potential in the future. Multiplayer/Co-op would be nice but i understand that is in your list of things to add. Plus viechles, bigger islands and a larger map with more stuff to do I would recomend! 7.5/10 atm"
,Recommended,313120,14251018,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kimchi_Sake,"If you like the Long Dark, or the Forest but don't like facing fictional mobs than this is a game for you. You can spen hours just looking at the scenery and wildlife, or get addicted island hopping to explore. You can really feel the stress and pain of finding resources and balancing resources with good or bad decisions in the course of your survival-life. I love this game and look forward to the future of it. In it's current stage it's better than the Forest, but still a similar concept. Well worth the price and minimal space on your computer."
76561198051698320,Recommended,313120,14254089,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Knights-Templar,great game not stoped playing itlooks great 9/10sounds good 7/10 -motor boat is to loudplays well needs more content 7/10bugs very fue thats good for recent Early Accessthis game is doing much better than most other Early Access games that have been going for a year +
,Recommended,313120,14253559,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tor Odinson,"Top ideas for a great survivor game  (Random Hero Posted 26 January). Insects and birds and maybe some bigger fish. Just like to add some ideas, I am linked to ReefHQ, Townsville, Australia and my knowledge of the Pacific Ocean is great, and I do have some basic army survivor training.First: Unfortunately, the ocean is full of rubbish, let some be beached after storms, by itself or with some creativity and joined with other materials, can come useful for a survivor.Secondly: The Pacific Ocean has tornadoes and storms, and a boiling sun. In a real situation, you will not be out in the sun midday, you will get sunburnt after 15-20 min, severe sunburn within an hour, so you will need to be in shade or in a shelter. Storms and tornados will destroy basic stick shelters/houses. There should be possible to build better shelters to withstand the storms and maybe tornados. Maybe the survivor has to find the most suited place to build. In a natural environment, rebuilding and reuse of some of the materials is possible.Third: I find the lack of possibilities of collecting water annoying, Water collection is some of the easiest things to do for a single survivor. By using palm leaves to collect night condensation, collecting water in washed up rubbish. Like after each rainfall/storm my recue raft should be full of rainwater to use, so maybe the recue raft has the be secured from being blown away. For me diving in shark infested water for treasures is not alpha omega for a good survivor game. On my current mission, I have survived on coconut milk for 25 days, I should be sick or dead of severe diarrhea, have not found a bucket yet. To stay healthy, you must have a diverse diet.Fourth: Coconut husk has many uses, in the game it is not used at all, not everyone cane can climb palms, use husk to create climbing harness to get the higher coconuts. So you can only collect from the short trees to start with. Make sandals/shoes for reef walking. Coral is naturally sharp and infections, it is something you have to protect yourself from. Pacific Island do also have venomous stone fish hiding in the shallow waters, sole on the foot will maybe save you from death. Let coconut slowly grow back, so you have to think twice before you cut a palmtree down.About sharks, not totally agreeing that sharks should be so bad(in real life they got this misunderstood label of being horrible human hunters, but can be opportunist if it thinks it is an easy prey), sharks are lazy hunters, usually goes for dead or sick pray, not a person swimming or paddling on a raft.Replant potatoes to get new ones, just more naturally.By adding some of Random Hero’s ideas and mine, it want be easy to stay healthy and alive.I also like the diary idea, maybe also the possibility to draw up a map.Otherwise I love the great graphic and the game scenery, and I can see this game has fantastic potentials."
76561198072849848,Recommended,313120,14250496,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ItDutin,"This game is wonderful, even with limited content it takes hours to find and experience everything this game has to offer.So far I have found a compass (luckly on my home island) and mapped 14 islands, seen a couple whales, killed both kinds (tiger & Great white) of sharks, build a motor raft,  found nearly all the items in the game, explored many ship wreks, and plenty of other things. I still have yet  to experience all the game has with many hours in, even with 21 in game days survived.The game is currently easy if you play it safe while you explore, however on false move can make it much harder to survive.Early on in my current 21 day survive-athon I was attacked by a shark and it took about 10 island exploration missions including searching around the islands for extra ship wreks to find bandages and stop the bleeding. While the bleeding status is active the player must keep their food and water vitals up or risk bleed out/ death. This made it so I had to be fully commited and prepared to hop from island to island without dieing.I would deffinately buy again especially at the $15 price tag."
,Recommended,313120,14135357,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mr. Apex,"It's a great game, nice visuals,  nice gameplay but it is still in Early Acess, so keep in mind that you WILL encounter bugs along with your game time, so don't be surprised if your raft suddenly disappears and you get eaten by a shark.The game sure delivers what's expected for its price tag, the crafting is something different, something original but it needs some polishing. The game ran well on Ultra for me, and I have a GTX 550 Ti, so I thinks it's optimized but I look forward to the updates they will put into the game. Played just a little bit and it's pretty fun.EA SCORE:9/10 Would get stranded again"
,Recommended,313120,14344702,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mors,"Do I recommend many early access games? no. Do I recommend this game? BUY THIS GAME NOW!First yes this is an Early Access game, however the bugs are few and rare to show up and the game just feels polished and awesome already. There isn't too much content yet but hey it's early access but it makes up for it in gameplay and boy its it gorgeous too. It's great coming home from a hard days work to sit down on the beach and watch the sun set with the crackle of the fire behind me. buy this game, you will not regret it12/10 Would fly on a shark again!"
76561198035907636,Recommended,313120,14477585,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,charlie,"I love this game, and it just keeps getting better!"
,Recommended,313120,14477886,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ニッカ,this game is the most realistic and the best survival games that i've ever played !10/10
76561197983143256,Recommended,313120,14540501,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DISC0NTINU3D,"I am in love.  I already know it.  Now, don't get me wrong it's something of a blind love.  The game has huge potential for growth.  However, it will be through regular patches and content updates. So far they seem to me doing ok in that department.  The game is pretty and the crafting concept is genius.  When this game truly gets fun is when they add the following:* Tweaking food and thirst requirements/values* More food options* Add Pickaxe* Break big boulders into rocks* Increase Inventory size (only a bit) and allow for movent of items to different slots* Add Craftable Containers for items, including naturally occuring resourcesUntil then I would recommend getting this game only if you are really into survival games."
,Recommended,313120,14539702,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Scoobie™,"One of the best games I have ever played! It has everything that I, and I think many, people would want in a game. Open world, adventure, danger. This is by far my favorite game on Steam right now. It would be even better if multiplayer was added. *hint hint* *insert lenny face*:)10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14541184,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,StabbyMcKnife,Amazing game. I highly suggest going in blind. Don't read up or watch footage. just go in and learn. its so beautiful as well. just buy it. c'mon. do it.
76561198011807082,Recommended,313120,14557537,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lucanis,By Far one of the best survival games ever and shows great promise to go even further and if you are un-sure there are 100's of videos on ithttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeULKzKBXAMcmOXU8DJ3oLMHQAg634KFzPro's+ Detailed crafting+ Great visuals+ Sharks ( THAT CAN SWIM ON LAND!!!!)+ Infinite+ Better intro then that other game you start off in plane+ Scary going for a swim+ lots of stuff to see+ Alot of islandsCons- Alot of swimming and I mean ALOT (or use a raft w/e if you're into that kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥- Land sharks- the usual bugs that will get fixed but atm can have an impact- large gaps of nothing between islands- Islands are REALLY smallIn all Stranded Deep is a great game and if you're looking to pass the time then this castaway sim is for you :D
76561198105191092,Recommended,313120,14520028,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sturmgeschützer III,"this is the type of game i was looking for, a survival game without  zombies or apocalypse"
,Recommended,313120,14496706,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ITSClarkster,Amazing game well worth it.
76561198070369605,Recommended,313120,14520930,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jborzdynski,"This game is amazing. Right now it's at alpha 0.02H1, so like 3rd update but it's so much fun to play. Hughly recommended!!! Can't wait for release version!"
,Recommended,313120,14145887,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,FLUFFYxPANDA,"Downloaded the game, made a martini, then survived a horrible plain crash. woke up in water just to escape to my raft on the surface. looked around spotted a shipwreck right next to me, went to investigate, found a compass some bandages and flashlights that were called torches.. then decided I had cleaned it out so went back to the surface only to look death in the eye with 3 sharks waiting for me! as I was being ripped limb from limb I began to wonder if this was gods plan for me to die like this or if it was a magical leprechaun that was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at me for stealing his gold when I was a child. None the less the sharks rubbed jelly on my chest and spanked me like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cow girl!                11/10 - Shark Week"
76561198165294137,Recommended,313120,14533662,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kidney Stoner,this game keeps getting better and better but the sharks are really agressive
76561198128361999,Recommended,313120,14470026,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,EpicCodeMaster,"Stranded Deep is a very fun game. It's full of adventure, danger, and most importantly, survival! I love this game for its interesting playing mechanics and fun in-game play. The only thing I would like the Beam Team to change is the amount of slots in the inventory. It's very confusing to me to only have eight slots. I personally believe that a number like ten or even twelve slots would be nice to have in a future update.Thanks, John D."
,Recommended,313120,14161152,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Papa Palpatine,"I recommend this game to anyone that is looking for a survival type game.  Even in its early, early alpha it is better than most options in the genre.  And for those who are looking at it and thinking wow this isn't even scary or it doesn't have any survival elements yet cause the sharks don't even attack you in the current build, try and touch one of those damn sea urchins in the water... we'll see how long you survive.  On top of that, this game has an amazing and intuitive crafting system with beautiful visuals (best water I have ever seen in a game)."
76561197978902243,Recommended,313120,14493366,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,nammman,GREAT
,Recommended,313120,14202781,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kim jong un is sad,Big open world so fun 10/10
,Recommended,313120,14425144,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,XGaming Pro,Its Cast Away the videogame
76561198137107911,Recommended,313120,14896230,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dubby98,"This is a game where you can survie and thrive. You can kill sharks and eat them and other fish ect.The game is still in beta but its still fun. the things they should add is where u can get star fish and then use them for bait.To use the star fish you'll need to make a fishing rod out of 2 sticks, ducktape and plant fiber."
,Recommended,313120,14946784,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,kira,"This game is really good!!! I played 5 hours, I think, and I know it's not a lot of hours but, in those 5 hours I played, I had a lot of adventures and I had a lot of fun with this game!!! I really recommend it!!! :D"
76561198019130967,Recommended,313120,14208599,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Johnny Texas,"Very fun game i love it, like how you can save at any time. any news on the final release date ?"
,Recommended,313120,15222764,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TJFelmzington,Fun game with some interesting mechanics I haven't seen before.
76561198142896226,Recommended,313120,14185705,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,gomizzou4,Pretty Good game overall the point of it is awesome as you would expect very buggy My raft turned invisible and I lost it on the way to another island the islands are REALLY far apart I mean very far I mean without the bugs I would rate it 10/10 but I cant find my raft and there is a lot of bugs but it is good I would suggest buying it. Current rate 8/10
76561198080233346,Recommended,313120,14998761,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jackomonkey,10/10 -me
76561198076190210,Recommended,313120,14994262,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hyperion,"Okay, I've played this surviving simulator a couple of hours, so now I have something to note.It's a really beautiful game with the crafting system which is understood naturally (not like getting infinite stuff in the pocket and somehow craft complex items), and because of that the game feels pretty realistic.Of course there are bugs (one of my favorites: sharks wandering under the island, so I can tick and eventually kill them with any tool I have; or another one — turbo paddling with pushing ESC; and the least favorite — getting stuck inside the boats with no chance to exit), but it all doesn't seem to be a big problem for a test version.Some things I'd really love to see in future:— Different sizes of islands (yes, they are all pretty similar and really limited in resources, sometimes you won't have enough amount of resources to make a nice shelter with all the resources collected from all visible nearby islands), especially somewhat bigger;— Any kind of navigation that allows to go farer from the shelter and be sure to get back;— Different landscape for islands so they differ from each other so there will the the reason to explore;— More underwater action, not just shark encounters (which are ridiculously often, maybe there could be some option to adjust shaks' attitude and aggressiveness), expantion of sea+land fauna;— More ways of getting food;— Possibly some totally different action like stuff drifting in sea, some burried treasures, pirates or ships/airplanes passing by far away and leaving some useful items (this might seem somewhat odd to the classic idea of survival on islands in this game, so it can be added like an option, or a mod, or even an add-on), maybe it's possible to add some kind of quests and achievements so you want to keep playing;— More stuff to craft and build of course;Some that I've listed I'm sure we'll be seing in future.For now for that early stage of developpement the game looks awesome and perspective, and I'm really excited to see what the devs can bring into it.One more point — it's not a zombie survival (hooray!), it's not minecraft alike game, but still there's crafting and survival, and it's really interesting, plus it's beautiful.So it's worth to try."
76561198105522544,Recommended,313120,15732692,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cal,"Really fantastic game, love the gameplay love the graphics and the overall layout. The only flaw that i can find is the mouse acceleration and the lack of settings to fix it."
76561198086635420,Recommended,313120,14295390,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Demonologic,I know this game is on early alpha stages.. but it is sooo good.Something about the deep blue waters scares me extremely this game manages to capture that exactly.The sharks scare me to death everytime one dooms up from underneath the surface my heart starts pumping.I know i only played for like 3 hours at the moment of making this review but i just had to give it a recommendation.
,Recommended,313120,14313034,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,^6Snuffduff,"The game is looking very good, even in this early stage of developement.I'm hopeing to see bigger islands, farming and better housing in the future, so that i can feel like Robinson Crusoe :DKeep up your good work developers."
,Recommended,313120,14313049,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dj4711,My game crashed when it was 14%  of the way loaded
76561198169294704,Recommended,313120,14223339,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Loki,I have had an issue launching the game. Every time i start it up it just stays at a black screen and does nothing else can someone please help me fix this issue. I honestly have no idea if it is just a bug or if it is just my pc being stupid.
76561197996765927,Recommended,313120,14202633,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Iopy69,"I very much like this game, I like the concept, i like the ideas put into it and I can see this going a long way as long as regular updates are maintained.Things I like:The concept and ideas are very good.Graphics of environment are great (sharks and fish need improvement though).Good construction system, better than placing everything into a block system.Things that need improvement:Ability to destory rocks on islands as well as underwater to obtain your own rocks.Regrowing trees after a number of days.Some form of ranged weapons like a bow and arrow or even using the crude spears as Javilins, because killing sharks with a melee weapon can be extremely difficult with being in the water with them.Make it not possible to walk on objects that are being carried otherwise you fly and then die.Add more island wildlife, lizards, birds and maybe snakes on the larger islands as well as maybe boar or deer. (If islands are made differently, different sizes with different features.Marine wildlife could have more as well, turtles, jellyfish, more variety of sharks and large fish (Tuna, Snapper, Swordfish etc. Glad their are now whales in this, haven't seen one yet even while playing for 4.5 hours straight, may consider increase spawn rate of them a little.With construction of a raft, make the foundations snap together like they do on land. Allowing construction of a larger raft as well as make it possible to constuction half walls for the raft, so you can make a more boat like or canoe like creation.Underwater coral and more variation to the shipwrecks, as well as adding things like crashed airliners (like the one you crashed in), fighter planes from the world war, destroyed submarines deep underwater with limited oxygen so people get a chance to explore them a bit first.Ability to place a bed inside of your hut to make like a little house, maybe allow construction of a shabby table and chairs as well as accessories like a mounted marlin or tuna on the wall (because why not)ability to make some shabby form of bandage to help stop bleeding from either the Yucca fibres or palm leaves as well as a stitching from the Yucca plants to stitch up wounds (have to find a needle)Having the ability to sketch a form of map ingame from where you have explored, finding your island again is very difficult without any form of navigation.Variation to the islands, they are all roughly the same with the same amount of resources and an abundancy of crabs. Have some islands closer together and others further away along with more detail to each island, give them cliffs and some with more vegetation and wild animals.Make all things on the island collectable such as starfish and roots from the other trees (also allowing those trees to be cut down for more wood. Frustrating when you run out of wood but there are trees still on an island, just you cant cut them down. Same goes for rocks, all the large rocks laying about but nothing can be done with them.Shadows are the other thing, there are shadows of items you hold but not of yourself. As well as when the sun rises each morning shadows like to flicker which is quite irritating.I understand this is still in testing but heres a few ideas I thought you guys/girls may want to look at for improvements. Try not to leave us hanging on long waited updates :)Thanks guys/girls, keep up the good work!"
76561198158438732,Recommended,313120,14265178,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jsus7,"Interesting exploration-/crafting-game ! Lots of potential. I only wish they will add the possibility for multiplayer in the future, cause after a few hours on your own, it gets abit lonely. :p"
,Recommended,313120,14163149,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Knack,"I loved the game altogether, the only fatal part is... The Raft is always dissapearing mid adventure to other island!!! Also if your not already working on a multiplayer version please do it now! Thanks!"
,Recommended,313120,14178559,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mohigan,"This has a lot of promise.  The visuals are excellent and definitley adds to a sense of realism.  I, for one, am thrilled to have a survival that is not wrapped around zombies.  Once I got used to the crafting I really enjoyed this new twist as it made me think twice about what I am lugging around on me.  Exploration of shipwrecks and such were rewarding and the challenge of getting to the next island kept me playing.  The sharks are well done and even though they are not extremely aggressive still have a way of making me think twice about swimming too far out to sea.A good game that I am anxiously watching to see how it developes but it is by far the best start of a survival that I have seen in awhile.  Coop mode would be an incredible addition."
,Recommended,313120,14266268,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dymikx,"This game, is AMAZINGLY FUN, or at least i think it is. I recommend this game to anyone thats up for a survival challenge, and this game is perfect for it, lol. The devs. seem to fix any bus really fast, like, there was a raft glitch that would dissapear and a lot of people were getting this problem, and in the very few days that was fixed. So I'm pretty sure the devs, are on point to confronting and fixing glitches/bugs in the game.I think this game would be even more great if they added mulitplayer. Playing with friends would just make it extra more fun!"
,Recommended,313120,14200866,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Gatshiro1138,"Day 1: Plane Crashed and I swam to a raft and paddled to shore.Day 2: Found a broken down dam in the middle of a frozen tundra, proceeded in only to be ambushed by wolves.Nevermind that was The Long Dark;Day 2: After surviving off of cocunuts I proceeded to build a fire with my shotty equipment, I built a fire with a fire spit, then when fire burned out i tried to replenish it with more wore...learned that I had to build all of that all over again....please fix this.Day 3: Starving to death I decided to eat a crab raw, after all sushi isn't bad right? After biting into the crab, moments later i got horrendously sick. However I did not die.Day 4: Decided my current Island wasn't that cool anymore so i decided to paddle to a nearby island that took hours to paddle, sharks accompanied me the whole way just to make sure I was safe....well, i thought until i jumped into the water and it tried to bite me....I ran like a little girly man to the shore..only to get killed by more wolvesDay 5: I'm wrote to Liam Neeson to ask him how to deal with these wolves. Why the post man picked up the letter but, refused to save me from the Island is beyond me.Day 6: Today I learned that the sharks were also sand sharks and I realized I was suddenly in a b movie on scifi...Day 7: Liam Neeson still hasn't wrote back, and those wolves look hungry again.Day 8: I tried to find the plane wreckage so I could make another Martini, I figured if I was gonna be stuck on an Island so I might as well be wasted doing it.Day 9: I decided to attempt to ferment some coconuts.Day 10: Its been 10 days since I saw my last woman, and that crab over there is looking quite sexyDay 11: Im pretty sure I contracted Crabs, im not sure how, yesterday is a little hazyDay 12: The wind blew down my hut, and that mean wolf did a face palm, or a paw palm at me...JerkDay 13: I got struck by lightening while hammering a new hut, I am not in a much much warmer place, its kind of uncomfortable."
,Recommended,313120,14139292,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KillerDucky,"I found this game a little while back and have been kind of following it ever since. When I saw it came out today I knew I wanted it.These are my first impressions.This game is stunning visually. Starting out I was amazed with just how nice everything looked. Crafting seemed slightly annoying to me at first, but after a breif amount of time it no longer bothered me (and I actually came to enjoy it). Going out into the open waters brought a bit of fear with sharks being around, but also a bit of excitement for the same reason. Being out on a raft and looking down into the water was amazing to me. You can find things down there if you're brave enough to explore.Going from island to island was fun for me. It always left me with a feeling of ""what will I find next?"". After a while I had settled on an island I liked and got to building. I haven't finished my home yet, but its been a fun experience so far. I think it will be cool to see what others build as well.I don't really have anything negative to say about the game, the only kind of bad thing I had happen was when my raft got stuck and I could no longer use it, but I believe that was mostly my fault. I did have sharks that would swim through the land, but they never attacked. The only annoying thing to come from it was the music.The only thing I wish was different at this point is the rain. You know its there because of the sound and it gets a bit darker, but the drops are barely noticeable to me. It leaves me feeling a little less immersed in the gameplay. I also feel the sound for it could be improved, but that isn't a huge issue for me.Overall I'm very happy with the game. I'm excited to see where it goes seeing as this is only the first day in early acess. I think this game will be pretty successful and was well worth the money. Good job devs.**Update**After having played more, I've encountered more bugs and problems. The biggest problem I've had is with rafts. Placing things in the life raft has made it stop working a fair amount of times for me now, so I'll no longer do that for the time being. The raft you can build tends to dissapear while I'm rowing, so those are two things that need to be fixed.Also, sometimes I would randomly start climbing as you would on a palm tree, but there wouldn't be anything there. It is early access though, so bugs are expected. I don't think this is a bug, but getting onto a raft while out in the water has also proved to be hard, just doesn't want to get back on the raft for some reason.I'm still happy with the game though and I look forward to seeing where it goes."
76561198171115542,Recommended,313120,14303249,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,AegisXO,"This game has a lot of potential, I think in its upcoming updates you can have a lot of fun playing,"
,Recommended,313120,14298626,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BEC0MM,"Developed by two Australian devs, Stranded Deep has great potential (recently released in Early Access in case you mind buying unfinished games)!If you're tired of the same formula (survive hordes of zombies), this survival game might be for you. And if you liked the movie Castaway, then just go for it..."
76561198059046071,Recommended,313120,14295884,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,J o r D,"Got the game, built a house, was impressed with said house, stacked up supplies on the ground and suddenly they fly all over the place and the shark music starts playing. I see a fin sliding across the sand and at that moment I knew I was in for the scariest fight of my life. I grabbed my spear and battled the beast by swinging at the rogue fin until I delivered the final blow and the sand pooped out a tiger shark. I kept his body as a trophy to remind me of the great battle with the land shark. 12.7/10 4spooky8me"
76561198086885848,Recommended,313120,14516419,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"Stranded Deep is a survival game where you gather food, craft tools and survive on a island. For a game in 0.03 Alpha it is quite fun. Currently, it sort of lacks in content but it just it come out. Sort of like Minecraft but better IMO. 10/10 assuming you don't get mobbed by great whites.Edit 4/23 Sea Forts are a very cool, rare addition with lots of loot. They are fun to explore."
76561198122419740,Recommended,313120,15096422,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mintz,ive found i fear to go swimming in the ocean.
,Recommended,313120,14211606,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[6thAL.H] Ogge,I have a ♥♥♥♥ing Boat Motor now :D ♥♥♥♥ yeahhhh.... Next Island plz...Love the game :D
,Recommended,313120,14682148,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sgt.Ritz Crackerz,One of the most realistic survival games out there. Also this game is so much fun
76561198166288567,Recommended,313120,17046534,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kee[g]o_^,Ill trade this <3
,Recommended,313120,14136681,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,jake,"this game is early access and hasn't even been updated yet and i already think it's probably the best survival game on steam. the survival system works a lot like The Forest and from the beginning it looks like just a ripoff of that, but there are no enemies other than sunburn, hunger, thirst and sharks. Also the island you start on can be walked across in about a minute or two but the universe is endless and there are tons of islands, shipwrecks underwater, and really good crafting to where it all feels and looks realistic, like an average stranded person really could make them. Also all the HUD except the backpack is on your character's watch so it all feels really immersive and realistic.. if the updates and devs keep going the way they are it will be AMAZZZINGGGTLDR its basically Castaway the game+The Forest minus all the stupid cannibal stuff"
,Recommended,313120,14201199,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Eclypse csgogem.com,"Gonna be honest, didn't expect much from this game. But I like these types of games and figured why not give it a try. So I tried it and I love it. This game has a long way to go, very minor bugs, not much to craft or do, etc. I look forward to this game's development."
76561198015483922,Recommended,313120,15010497,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lord Jerre,"One day, I was visiting a sea fort. Then i got back with a machete.Once i started killing a tree, the machete killed me. End of story.10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14305839,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,carrotshock,Picking up buckets trigger shark attacks 10/10
76561198067088392,Recommended,313120,14183697,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,Really fun and way better than The Forest! 10/10
76561197999819296,Recommended,313120,14315280,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,GetBoosted #road to LE,This i without doubt one of the best survival games ever made!!love the texture and weather!so worth buying.
76561198088631828,Recommended,313120,14669098,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LandSurfer,"I get to play in one of my favorite movies, ""Castaway"".  The game is visually stunning and a lot of fun to play.  It will only get better as the Devs progress to the final, full version. In it's current state, the game is very ejoyable, but of course there are bugs, but the bugs don't really hinder game play too much. I think the Tiger sharks are way too strong and numerous. They should be made slightly easier to kill with a few hits from a spear or blade. If a shark bleeds, others will turn on it. Other than the annoying OP sharks, I really like this game. It's a great escape in the dead of winter."
76561198097160244,Recommended,313120,14311127,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,D3lta Savage,"Killed a tiger shark Claimed myself king of the sea fought more tiger sharks, won flung myself in the air with a shark corpse. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14311868,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bulce,"My review..Pros-GraphicAdventureReally FunCons-Few Bugs (nothing gamebreaking)Things that should be added-Boats, VehiclesA huge islandChainsawsOver all really fun!"
76561198078363194,Recommended,313120,14314585,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,thevlogalot,This game is great if you just want to explore and live by your own rules. However in early development at this moment it really is enjoyable and after hours I still can't stop. And it is really really scary when a group of shark try to knock your raft from beneath your feet and then attack you.
,Recommended,313120,14336226,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,himself,The game is really good very addictive and stuff. It just keeps you going trying to survive and stuff. Multiplayer should be added also. Another thing that this game needs in the nearby future is more survivors that you can team up with and try to survive ofc XD and maybe some dangers pirates or something or even survivors who are willing to kill in order to survive or at least some dangers that could happen during night time. This game has a lot of potential and it can become even more popular maybe even better than rust. It just needs time and ideas and im sure i will have at least 100 hours in this game. So i suggest to everyone to buy this game because the producers must be supported in order to improove the game.
,Recommended,313120,14311256,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,KnoxVegas,"This is a great game so far.  It has a lot of potential in it.  As far as things to do there is a lot of crafting in the game, and all kinds of craftable parts from engine parts, to duck tape and other items!  Can't wait to see how this game develops and turns out down the road."
76561198031514638,Recommended,313120,14313479,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Defective,"I'd have to say. It's a pretty amazing game once you get used too it, I am still getting confused with the pickup/drop keys, but i'll get used too it. It has amazing graphics, the water on the screen when you come out of the sea is an awesome touch too the game. I get a bit of lag when i have too much stick/rocks in one place... so i hope they can find a fix for that. (unless it's my laptop) But other then that. This game is amazing to play. And i'd highly recommend people buying it. as more and more updates come too it.I have a question too the game Delv's.Will there be any kind of multiplayer implemented into the game? as i think this would be even more AWESOME! playing with your friends online! i already have a ton of friends wanting to possibly buy it if multiplayer is implemented into the game."
76561197969592265,Recommended,313120,14338065,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FoolzRailer,"For an alpha it's suprisingly fun to play. There are quite a few things to do, and I'm hoping there will be more to come."
,Recommended,313120,14668968,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,childs play,"A very well developed game, includes nice gameplay and amazing graphics. Like any early access game, it has a few bugs, but the devs seem responsive and updates are happening. Only downside for me is that the game is one of those games you play for a few hours, but after a while you get tired of it because there is simply not enough to do."
76561198119457992,Recommended,313120,14306475,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,XEvan33X,"This is a great game, even in the early stages. Don't knock it before you try it. Stranded deep is what ive been looking for, for a long time, its a survival game that actually looks realistic and does not have monsters that are not real like in ""The Forest"". You will notice while playing the game the animations and graphics are not complete and think this game sucks. You have to realize that this game is still being edited and is in very early stages, made by a small team of people. Overall this is a great game and will be when its done. Keep it up Beam Team!"
,Recommended,313120,14313755,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ChumpionTV,"In my opinion the game has a cool crafting system and setting. There's no real enemy to batttle, only your own needs, so you can focus on building your shelter and stocking up on supplies. Although content seem limited atm (alpha stage), theres several hours of fun to be had.But for basebuilders, craftsmen, scavengers and survivors in general, this game has a lot of potential to be a serious time killer once more content is added and the non existing danger of sharks is fixed."
76561198029271827,Recommended,313120,14337749,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,StanTheDanMan,Thalassophobia sim 20159/10
,Recommended,313120,14337770,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Veljex,"This really is the game I've been looking for. When I bought 'The Forest' I loved the crafting and just didn't really like that there isn't a safe place to go to. In Stranded Deep, the land if your friend! It is a really good implementation of Unity and although it is a little dry with the crafting for now, this is a good beginning to a great game.There are a few things that I would like to see changed, like navigating to different islands and they way these look from a distance but for an early access game. 10/10P.S. I'm still looking for Wilson."
76561198010403528,Recommended,313120,14338666,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sgt. Zim,One TOP NOTCH survival game. Recommended to buy. NUFF SAID!!!!!
76561198065988694,Recommended,313120,14181455,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SpetsnazBadger,Killed a protected species of sharkOnly took the fin part and threw the rest into the ocean  (who actually eats the whole shark)Caused rampant deforestation and a local population of palm trees to go extinct.10/10 would commit crimes against the environment again.
,Recommended,313120,14998793,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,interstellium,"A really good game, only glitch i found was my wooden raft sometimes not floating, but i guess the game is still under construction since theres things in the game that we cant use yet.i wish the trees would grow back and also when it comes to looking for rocks, sometimes theres not enough for the fire pit and tools i would recommend finding rocks under water would be cool too.i haven othing bad to say about this game, played it for 9 hours today and i didnt see time fly, its a great game for the survival simulator fanatics, also the grafics are really nice."
76561198166617837,Recommended,313120,14217088,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,pLaYa-_-HaTeR45,wtf was there an update because i spawned in my saved game and everything was gone so like can anybody answer this like please hellp
76561198091696946,Recommended,313120,14940861,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ac1dRa1n,"Stranded Deep.... Wow.... Its just... wonderful. It is basically a castaway simulator but with more fun. And yes before anyone can ask you can find wilson(probably spelled that wrong but idv... and its name is wollie but don't let that fool you. You can build a house. KIll a shark. Ride a whale. Cook crabs. Die. Save a game. Die once more. Kill your first shark. Die again and repeat the cyicle. You can do some stuff in the code but hey, its better without mods. I recommend this game to anyone. Anyone at all, well strike that, not with people who think they have an amazing computer and put it on ultra then think that they won't lag (Worth A Buy). I like to watch this game progress. So I hope you buy this game."
,Recommended,313120,14132237,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Waka Chan,"Been waiting for this for a LONG time, definitely worth the wait 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14128414,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dan.,"It's a hard one. The concept is amazing and the swimming mechanic, finding things underwater is a good way to go. The game plays fine in my eyes but obviously people are going to have other opinions. But if you do buy it, you have to realise your buying early access not a game that going to be complete."
76561198015778444,Recommended,313120,14202433,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,L.D.S.K.,"So I have only played this game for a few hours, a friend was teaching me some of the basics and then I just got sucked in. There are a LOT of survival games coming out, this is the only one I plan to play currently. The detail in the game is pretty amazing, from realistic water to breath taking moonlight. I was on the fence about this game, thinking it was only to be single player. When I found out that they are planning for all types of multiplayer modes in the future - I was sold. $15 well spent in my opinion. Granted, there are bugs. My best suggestion is to save after each accomplishment until future updates. Regardless - buy this game."
76561198140522083,Recommended,313120,15060933,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,lemon toastie,"THIS IS MORE OF AN IDEA LIST, LIKE IF YOU AGREE PLEASE SO DEVELOPERS CAN SEE THIS!!!Absolutely LOVE the concept, AND the game, amazing, i recommended this to all my freinds!!!Please add:  sails for the wooden rafts, harpoons (maybe with rope attatched to pull in sharks?), more upgradable stuff like the fire (upgradable raft with rails and sail?), land animals, more sea creatures, and more!!!Love the game- even as an Alpha!!!"
76561198139430595,Recommended,313120,14161883,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,zZias21,its a really good and beautiful game but gets repetitive after a while and it is too easy i would for sure reccomend it to someone who would like to see what its like to be stuck on an island with♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of sharks around them!:)
76561197969376732,Recommended,313120,14189948,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Unholy_Boris,"Very promesing game !It is refreshing to decend into a survivalgame without zombies trying to kill you.I find the crafting system interesting, and the search for shipwrecks is entertaining.There are bugs yes, but it is still a more playable game than most early access alphas.New features will probably enter the game as it progress through development, and I will make sure to try them out !Anyone that enjoy survival games will find this entertaining, recommended !"
76561197992287404,Recommended,313120,15021238,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,DizzyFox,"Do I recommend this game? - Yes. 8/10, where 10 was my expectations of this game.Why not score it higher? -  Always keep it in mind that it's currently still at a very early state, but I expected a little more.The first time I started, I was AMAZED by the graphics, it's amazing how they've captured the lightning effects of the sun/moon. But after a few hours I felt like it felt slow, when I play the game I feel slow. There's no 360noscopes in this game.I have no doubt that the developers will continue to amaze me, they're great.If the developers sees this, I'd like to add something.I read somewhere that this game was about to be multiplayer, if so, please make it more interactive with a few, but a few BIG islands.I built a great house, 2 floors with a ""scouting tower"". And I'm sick and tired of going farming on other islands and finding my way back to the same island again, just to get a few logs/sticks/rocks. My island is almost covered by this house.In every 15th or 20th island I'd visit, I'd want atleast 1 of them to be BIG. By big I meanBIG, 2-3 footballfields in size."
,Recommended,313120,14260465,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Señor Foxbutt,"pros+interesting crafting mechanic+beautiful land and sea scapes both under and atop the water+good balance of inventory managment and freeform crafting mechanicscons-inescapable shipwrecks-lack of larger islands (larger islands means more resources hint hint)-minor visual errors (textures clipping into other surfaces, lack of shadowing concerning the player character)-limited crafting recipes and structure designsA very well designed Survival Simulator with decent graphics considering its only in alpha. plenty of exploration capability with a fair variety of island designs, minor glitching, and buggy areas(surface shipwrecks) aside. Can't wait for the finished product has lots of potential"
,Recommended,313120,14505449,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,too troublesome,"Amazing game! great graphics and ideas. Somethings that could be better are that maybe the compass could lead you to your home. Yous set your home and it will take you there. Also, this is just a comment I wish you could get to a different island a little bit easier. The shark always knocks me out of the raft."
,Recommended,313120,14262587,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Waffle™,"Definitely recommended to others!  Crossing the vast expanses between islands can be terrifying, especially on foggy days.  Love combining lots of elements in creative ways to make better technologies and helpful tools.  Here are some hopes:*  Tortoises, sea turtles, or monitor lizards/  island pigs or goats  (Make pit traps to catch them?)*  Floating ""ghost nets"" cast off by fishermen... in real life they can be devastating to coral reefs and wildlife, but they also collect an amazing random assortment of ""garbage"" (in the survivor's language, ""resources"") and diverse (though often dead) wildlife.  Could be a great way to scavenge... plus the net could be used to fish the shallows or in traps for land animals!   Or as a hammock, I suppose!*  Haven't yet figured out how to get my bed into my hut.*  Larger islands with diverse terrain... calderas, cliffs, steaming volcanic vents (even underwater)* More useful resources to be gathered from the bottom of the sea* Bone tools!  (needles and thread)  Totroise shell shovels or water bowls...* Tarps, old lobster pots and buoys.*  Floating ""ghost ships""* Maps or messages in a bottle (to treasure/ resources/ or just previously explored places by other survivors)*  Waterfalls with fresh water* Monkeys, sea otters, squid, bananas, papayas, pineapple plants, vines* Ability to tear apart wrecks and use planks or siding for building (maybe need tools like crowbar, hammer, etc)* Radio (what could it lead to?)* A definite goal.... indefinite survival is exciting at first, but without hope of rescue it may get monotonous.... a map or radio or buoy might lead to some promise of civilization.  (Maybe the chain of islands are somewhat like a maze... choose the right direction and you'll eventually find your way out!  (Compass would then be very valuable, as would the ability to make a map... a found one or one written in squid ink?)* Fishing gear:  sling spear, catch bag, scuba tank for deep dives and deep wrecks* Caves, remains of ancient civilizations, or even remains of other survivors and their camps* Currents in the water (let your raft go and you might be toast!)Just a few thoughts.... they'd certainly make the game more interesting, which it already is!"
,Recommended,313120,15311997,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kush,This fkn game is glitchy as a mofo and i get stuck every 5 minutes. But you can eat coconuts while sitting on a tree so i r8 it an 8/8 m8
76561198048501180,Recommended,313120,14187147,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Almond_Boy,"I found this game great but after playing it for a while I didnt find much challenge, I did find some glitchs like sand sharks, invinsible great whites, and my raft disappearing in the middle of the ocean. I also found it to hard to find rocks...not sure if anyone else has this problem. It would also be nice if they added some backpack expansion or something to store your items in...But I really do enjoy this game.hopefully they finish it."
,Recommended,313120,14299446,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ZombieJeep,"awesome so far,  looking forward to Mutiplayer.. Graphics are absolutely AMAZING..  runs super smooth. a must have for survival enthusiasts or fans of the movie Castaway"
,Recommended,313120,14174737,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Big,"Its a good game and its potential is even better. But i would only recommend if you are a fan of early access games, because at the moment there isnt alot in the game. That being said you can still get a few hours out of it, its just not worth £10 as it stands now, but i assume they will add more content.Link to some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBgHgtGETg8"
,Recommended,313120,14976056,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,denail,"For a game genre that I wouldn't that often buy, Stranded Deep has really been the apple of my eye. Even if this game is only Alpha stage, I think, personally I feel that Stranded Deep is much better than The Forest. From crafting a makeshift house out of palm leaves and wood, to fighting sharks with a makeshift spear in the depths of the ocean, to cracking open coconuts franticly to try to eat and drink quick enough after not eating and drinking enough the night before. Stranded Deep is a spectactular survival simulator and I would definately recommend. I also love how they couldn't resist implementing Wilson from the film with Tom Hanks in Cast Away, obviously because of copyright they had to change FedEx to DeadEx and Wilson to Wollie. What a classic Easter Egg.I have only one problem with Stranded Deep, something that I'm not always fond of but I still think it's a crucial feature to a game's success, achievements, I know I know, it's not something every game NEEDS to have, but it's only because Stranded Deep already has implemented but however, you can't actually unlock any of them. Especially since aleast 3-4 of them can be unlocked just by doing your average essentials, such as, in this case, opening your backpack, checking your watch and even vomitting are all achievements that only 0.3% of players have unlocked? Some faulty achievements right there."
76561198361327708,Recommended,313120,29891971,Posted: 12 February,all,joonbug.av,"Definetly like this game. I have been talking to my co-workers everyday about something new i've discovered. I was kinda bummed when i found out that i had god-like powers by creating a map with anything and everything i could ever want on it and then just paddle on over to it and create my own paradise, thereby bypassing alot of the game's innate challenge.After alot of self control, i decided to build a simple home with my essentials, and have yet to build a motorized raft, so I am still enjoying the challenge.A few things i would like to see be worked into Stranded Deep in the near future:-Obviously Co-op-More animals-Toucans-Monkeys-Medium sized fish-Turtles-Alligators-Binoculars-Fishing (rod,reel,patience)-Customization of color, clothing, shelter-Duct tape/Lashing collaberation-Animal eggs as food-Traps, Snares, simple construction, medium success rate-Easier oxygen level awareness while swimmingI would also like to see more changes in the islands that haven't been explored after a while. Perhaps new things have washed up on shore, or new animals have come to visit. I just feel like after each island has been looted, there's no reason for me to make the effort of going back.Possible New Challenges:-Storms that destroy firepits, or shelters-Animals that loot your belongings-Sunburn-Fire spreading phyics-Tools break and/or injure your character-Raft can be punctured by reefs, possible duct tape repairI really enjoy this game, I wish my laptop could handle the graphics better, but the fun outways my struggle.Thank youAdam"
,Recommended,313120,29897234,Posted: 13 February,all,ethereal.drakaina,Awesome game that gets better with every update. Only issue I'ver ever had was the random container contained nothing or duplicates. Def buy this!
76561198281948775,Recommended,313120,29864607,Posted: 11 February,all,Voyager,"If you have ever thought about placing yourself in the situations shown in movies like Castaway, this game might be for you.  This, apart from the unrealistic depiction of island proximity, is probably the most immersive island survivial game on the market. So far i have been playing for around 6 hours and it hasn't dulled too much. It generally is fun traveling across the sea to new islands, and setting up your base. If you are lucky you might find the ruins of an old fishing boat with lockers aboard, that would make an awesome base. If you do not watch Youtube playthroughs of it, but have heard of it, I would recommend. The general mystery of how far can you go, where a ruin is, how to find a certain item is enticing and definetly a major pro in this game. If most of the mystery and depth have been spoiled for you, I dont think you should play it. Furthermore, if you are looking for a game that you could play for 100 hours or maybe even 50, i wouldn't recommend it. The vibe i get from the game is that once you set up your base, can kill every deadly beast, and discover all items there wont be anything left to do but expand your base. Now the building mechanics are not so good that this might become enjoyable. I have a shelter, many crates i have found (for storage), multiple solar stills, water distiller, and a smoker all lined around in a circle on the shore. That's really the most realistic (if even) base you could come up with. Anyway, the building mechanics are subpar for a game that won't have much use after general survivial hardships are overcome, such as steady water and food supplys. I suppose you can do this over and over again if it brings you joy, but that's about as deep as the game goes. I have enjoyed the game thusfar, and I would recomend it, just not if you are looking for a longterm game."
76561198047814884,Recommended,313120,14201202,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sangria,"10/10 will throw up from eating raw crab, then slip off raft into shark infested waters again."
76561198130627995,Recommended,313120,14474503,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Xanden,This game is great tho needs some work with bugs.
,Recommended,313120,14156981,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Deleted,Great game. Early access playthrough on 1/25/15 Don't expect you just jump in and know what to do do look for the crafting guide. I didn't so there's that. The world is randomly generated everytime you start a new game so everything is no longer the same. Kinda like a Minecraft mixed with forest but better and makes gamers face their biggest fear....... water. Their are a ton of Sharks mostly Tigers and they are not the easiest to kill from my experience. I found the knife kills faster than a spear. also collect all your resources on your start island before you do anything that way you know what you have and arn't just crafting like crazy. Most resoruces don't grow back like trees and rocks. Crabs are infinate and are easy food. Very imersive cooking too. Careful of sharks under the islands they wont hurt you but can cause resources to be pushed around. I didn't explore much my island was completely surrounded by Tiger sharks and I got knocked off my raft and had to swim back. Sharks are not to much of a threat although all I saw was Tiger sharks.This is definately a 10/10 cause theres no crashing some frame rate problems but not that bad to where its unplayable. I like how the inventory is very limited although annoying but it makes it better cause you really have to plan what you wanna take with you if you decide to switch islands.My ideas:Needs minning there are so many boulders and rocks but none of which you can use.Fishing poles of course you stuck on an island can't harpoon all the time.Plane wreakage items that wash up all over the place but not to much just a couple suit cases or something.Multiplayer of course I would love to banzai charge sharks with my friends.More cutable trees.A craftable bucket I found it very hard to find one even though I had little exploring time.obviously expansion on crafting.FARMING!!!!!!More wildlife like birds and other tropical things more marine animals and bigger fish count.Journal to write your own story in.I was thinking about third person but then I said no but maybe but then maybe not.More animations to expand the immersiveness!!!!!!!!This is an idea for food. Since food goes bad quickly unless certain processes happen to it I was thinking about sea salt farming to salt shark meat to perserve it longer. Or drying meat or fish as well. For a more jerky type.craftiable resoruces containers/food containers.Use of wooden planks around the world and the old rottening barrels and stuff that was at first just to be scenery. Less sharks There are way to many at the moment like a shark every 10 feet. Well in my world it was.
,Recommended,313120,14216097,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[38NC.K] 1st Lt. Carson,WILSOOOOON?!
,Recommended,313120,14348526,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Ya-Boi-FRESH,I have never done this much paddling in my life. Paddle Simulator 201515/10 would try to shank that whale again
,Recommended,313120,15724590,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kanelbulle,"Great fun even in its early stages, can only hope they continue in the right direction.This game is quite a fun little concept, tiny islands, limited resources, realistic survival for the most part. TAs it currently stands you could spend countless hours playing this game, and with no end goal it's on you to make your own objectives.Personally I think it's one of those games where the first time playing is much more fun if you go into it knowing nothing and just mess around until you figure things out. I avoided reading any guides or tips for my first survival attempt, and it was a lot of fun, especially since the current build isn't exactly packed with features/items/threats."
,Recommended,313120,14267372,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Fat Frost,"Day: 1 ooh crabsDay2: I'm sick of crabs tonight I feast on shark.Day3:  More diving today base is set up time to find some shipwrecksDay4: Goggles+fins I AM THE TERROR OF THE DEEPDay5: Home base is feeling cramped maybe I should move onDay6: finished preparations for travel at dawn I move to explore new islandsDay7: interesting 20 minutes out and a group of sunken ships, I should explore just need to be mindful of the great whites.Day7.5: Catastrophic failure while battling a great white to access the ship his tail struck my raft. My paddle went over board and is presumed lost to the sea.Day8: spent today hunting for my paddle and fending off great whites No lucky with either bit on the arm and still can't find that little orange ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Day9: why oh why did I leave my home base it was so cozy sitting on this raft I have gained the attention of 4 great whites my machete is nearly broken water is running low and the bite on my arm can no longer be ignored...I must swim to the nearest island and pray."
,Recommended,313120,14130164,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,THEBALLCRUSHA,"This game is great, but the biggest problem is the how slow the updates are, this game came out in january 2015, and at the time of writing (19/02/2016) there have been 10 updatesI do realise the company is invredibly small, but by now im sure they can afford to hire some new devs this company needs to hire staff or go under, simple as that"
,Recommended,313120,14135779,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cock Maximus,"One of the most completely immersive exploration survival games out there,the beginning plane crash scene is a bit rough though , it's quite a turn off withthe unaccessable pilot cockpit and the martini ingrediants magically turning into aglass of martini, let alone the jet engine explosion which didn't really have any affecton me.BUT let's forget all that, they are minor issues waiting to be fixed. Let's focus on this gamespotential. And boy does it have potential, When you begin gameplay you are put on a raftright next to an Island. Let's just take a quick look around us, first thing I notice is the immersivegraphics, but don't get me wrong it's certaintly not next gen. When we dock on the island we areconfronted by a mass of ingrediants, hundreds of conbinations of items which can produce food,structures tools and weapons. Using my environment around me as my life source was verysatisfying especially as everything was completely physics based and could be moved around withtotal freedom. There is no crafting guide, but the aspect of experimentation in this gameimmediatelly came to light, I found myself throwing different resources on top of eachother andbefore I knew it I had built myself an axe, and after quite the struggle, jumping around the islandlike a chimpanzee I managed to get a spear into my hands. Before I knew it I was ready to exploreeven further, out to sea, I was quickly surrounded by sharks so I sailed back to the island. But onmy way I noticed a rusty boat that had dug itself into the sand, in it was a container, I openedit and found an oxygen tank and I threw it on my life boat and called it Oscar.I asked myself what else could I find out in this vast ocean, the oppurtinities seemed endless and that really filled me with excitement. This game is something I've been waiting for, for a long time. The Forest never met my expectations, I've always wanted a survival game that completely immersed me not from zombies or aliens, but just from it's environment, I've always wanted to feel what it would be like to survive out in the wilderness on my own,with nobody else. This game has met my requirements, it's audio, visuals and inteligent crafting system and physics make the game a survival sandbox I have always wanted. If you liked the forest you will like this more, If you are familiar with open world survival than I would recommend this game over any other, except for skyrim ofcourse."
76561198113616415,Recommended,313120,14166136,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wyrmslayer,I love this game. I had it for only a day and I have nine hours logged (I even have it up as I type this!). I must say there are a few things you guys should add.1.) Sails2.) actual torches3.) underwater caves4.) throwing spears5.) makeshift bowsKeep up the good work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
76561198076063744,Recommended,313120,14993964,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DkM,Recomended. Good Survival game with some pretty cool mechanics and constant updates.
76561198117532876,Recommended,313120,15108501,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,On VACation,"This game is recomended big time . dont let the Early Access thing fool you, the game has some of the best graphics i have ever seen."
,Recommended,313120,14245762,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Joctapus,"First playthrough sucked because I failed to pay attention to the crafting tutorial on the plane, but after I figured it out this game became a blast. Its got all the island survival feel to it and though some people don't like the music that plays when a shark approaches, I do. It gives this disturbing element of knowing your not alone, and that your neighbors aren't friendly."
,Recommended,313120,14361545,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Adam Christmas,this game is awsome but needs updates :D
,Recommended,313120,14722855,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Spanner Monky,"This is a brilliant game, its nice that there is no zombies/mutants/aliens etc, just a real life simulation of being stranded on an islands, recommend to all.Looking forward to co-op, like playing solo, but would rather build with friends, hopefully will be 4-8 player co-op to make it interesting.keep up the good work and look forward to more updates."
,Recommended,313120,15039042,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Murican,"This game is absolutely mind-blowing. The graphics are AMAZING. (If you have a good computer) This game has a ton of potential and the survival aspect is better than other games I know. The one thing that I hate is that the sharks are very agressive and start coming after you immediately. Some people don't think it makes sense that this happens but if you look at your arm, it has a bit of blood. (Just thought I'd add that in because why not :P) I love survival based games and this is one of those that have a ton of features that give you loot from ""The Boat of Doom"" to the Sea Forts, I find this game not too easy and not too hard. The one feature I would like is to make sharks spawn less due to there aways being a shark or two infront of a island. I know this game has a ton of potential and I hope it gets more features in the future as well as getting out of early acess. I would say money well spent."
,Recommended,313120,15099853,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,creeps,I have to admit that this is one of the better Survival games out there. It has some sort of other feel to it than your average Survival games. I would love to see more content and I do know that it is early access and this is being developed by two Aussies. You guys are doing a great job and I'm really looking forward to future updates and a lot of new content. Definitely worth the money!
,Recommended,313120,15026524,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bifrost,"I recommend you get this game at the asking price, assuming you can afford it and it's the sort of game you enjoy playing ;)  Yes it is unfinished but this does not mean the game is sub-par in its present state.  The game is excellent already and is getting better with every update.  You can see that the graphics are pretty top notch, and it's optimised nicely too; I can run it on ""medium"" graphical settings on my laptop (which does meet the recommended system requirements, so don't go getting it if your rig genuinely lacks any grunt).What I like about this game probably more than anything is that there's a lot of stuff it doesn't do for you.  Not only do you have to figure out mechanics for yourself (lots of good guides out there) but there are psychological aspects of survival which the game manages exceptionally well to implement from inside the player's mind, as opposed to the frequently-seen alternative of quantifying every aspect of your physical and mental health and presenting you with detailed information.  Above everything the game forces you to face a constant dilemma of whether to endure boredom or risk adventure."
,Recommended,313120,14236068,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[UGL] Ruby Rhod,"This is an awesome game! Reminds me of Cast Away the movie lol. Only in alpha right now, but cant wait to see what else they add. Only single player right now but i'd love for it to be mulitiplayer!9 out of 10 stars."
,Recommended,313120,14132322,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TrueType,"Could be fun, but right now veeery much to work on! Still alpha though."
76561198177912086,Recommended,313120,14572750,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Captn Pengu; NootNoot,"SO far this game is great! Seeing as how it's so early on, I can't wait to see what's in store for it in the future,. The only problem I've had so far is that it won't let me earn achievments."
76561198053909116,Recommended,313120,14185858,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,nlgPRO,"This is a great game even with the little content it has. There is so much potential and I can't wait to see this game 1 year from now and beyond. Take a little bit of minecraft, dayz, and put it in a world set in Castaway. Craft a home, bed, weapons, tools, food, etc.. This is just the beggining. Hunt fish, crabs and fight deadly sharks as you dive sunken ships to search for loot. Lots of fun. Early access, be aware of bugs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyQGnvWC6qI"
,Recommended,313120,14153898,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,tavasi,"This game is very fun, if you guys could encorporate some kind of auto/quick save feature thatd be great. also more rocksrocks are loverocks are liferocks are literally lifemore pls."
,Recommended,313120,16068200,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,✪ Civil,"A great game, but needs mutiplayer"
,Not Recommended,313120,16767501,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Garrett Drennan,"I've only played for 2.5 hrs, but I feel as if I have done everything already. There is nothing wrong with the game itself, just lacks content as many others have already stated. I do not recommend at this time, maybe later on in developement."
76561198083928137,Recommended,313120,14401061,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Opus_Jr,"really nice game, feel like it needs a little bit more, and something to aim for at the end, maybe bigger islands and more loot, and make it so you can find a bigger backpack. otherwise this game is amazing!"
76561198112518631,Recommended,313120,14195124,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,☠Jack The Ripper☠,you should fix some bugs when i was swiming in a sunk ship i got stuck dident save and diedand i had a axe and a sword and a gun D:
,Recommended,313120,15733560,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Macracken,">Arrived at my very first island>Began to gather supplies>Made a bed and drank coconuts>Ran out of food supplies>Decided to gather some at a nearby island>After some paddling, it starts to rain>I lose my bearings and it continues to rain>I panic, continues to rain>I am starving, continues to rain>I die of starvation in the middle of the ocean>Continues to rain9.7/10Literally too much water"
,Recommended,313120,14675372,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Beobachten,"It's a fantastic game and i can't wait to see it completed! Although i do have some pros and cons!Pros:- Really good graphics! The oceaon is beautiful and the shipwrecks look amazing- The idea of getting sick or poisoned it brilliant- The food and thirst bar is very realistic (in my opinion)- Surviving is hard but amazing!- The building process and the outcome! I love my little hut!-The randomly generated islands is a brilliant idea! (I started my game over like 5 times to find a nice island)- Exploring the boats- The pace of the game is really nice not to slow or fast!Cons:- The bloody sharks!! I hit them 10 times with an axe then they just swim off! I am in the middle of getting an engine so for the moment i use the life raft and it's so annoying when the sharks Knock me of because it takes forever to hit them and get away. I usually end up shark food by then. Also there are so many of them! Everywhere! I keep getting chased and attacked by three of them  when i'm trying to explore. I think there should be less and easier to kill or scare off!- The achievments are broken so me or my boyfriend haven't earnt any!- More things to do in the ocean like fishing?- The raft and life raft are to flimsy! It would be cool to be able to build a boat that wont get knocked over by sharks! Leaving me nice and safe laughing at them!- Not enough food variety! I would love more fuits berriesOverall 10/10! Fantastic game, can't wait to see more updates just with OP SHARKS!"
,Recommended,313120,14712107,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,duck,I was 2 feet from a tiger shark and fog came when i was in the middle of the ocean.I was scared to death.10/10 would be scared to death
76561198042419575,Recommended,313120,14195488,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HouserVT,"Absolutely great. I'd downloaded Minecraft mods looking for scenarios like this; what a joy to find one with better graphics & physics. I've always hated the zombie apocalypse theme that seems so prevalent in survival games currently; refreshing to get this aspect. As some other reviewers have mentioned, sometimes I find myself surprised when I remember it's still early alpha. That said, and although there's been plenty to do to keep me entertained for days, there's still some heavy lifting to do in terms of content; all of which the devs have outlined (new animals, items, island generation, etc). There's so much potential here that I'm afraid a small team may have trouble implementing all the possibilities.So be sure to throw money at these folks to make sure they can get a good team going & really be able to capitalize on all the great ideas they have. Getting in on this game as it stands now is well worth $15.What I've been doing to familiarize myself with the new game:***Lots of exploring - after a couple of hours this gets somewhat repetitive, as there are only a dozen or so ship models that can spawn. However, even with the very small limited number of items in the game currently, I'm still finding things that are new and after 30 hours of play still haven't found everything.***Lots of designing - although there's no terrain alteration, it's amazing what you can come up with using the limited building models already included. The ability to rotate, place at different heights, and modular nature of the foundations, walls, roofs, and supports allow for quite a lot of creativity. I've spent several hours coming up with different hut layouts, porches, outhouses, wood sheds, docks, etc.***Fun with physics - unlike a lot of the other survival games I've played, this one is my first open-world experience with a drag & drop engine where objects have collision & gravity. Stacking sticks to make fences, gas canisters to make shelves, and being able to make a mound of coconuts provides me hours of entertainment.Really looking forward to see all the creations people come up with."
,Recommended,313120,14288283,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dozer Donker,This is an overall awesome game. It has a lot of progress for being so young......
,Recommended,313120,19465659,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ELJOTTO,Stranded derp ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphic 11/10But game will get lame after 30h 8/10
,Recommended,313120,16160473,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Fork in Squidward's Throat,"Reminds me a lot of the forest. The graphics are impressive for a low cost early access game, very beautiful. Great first impression from the graphics, everything was astounding. Unfortunately a lot like the forest in another way. It's stunning for the first few hours, then you stop playing it. There just isnt enough to do/build. Though difficult to grind with dwindling amounts of trees once you start building, I must add I enjoyed the realism of having to go to other islands for reasources. But the lack of variety in islands is disappointing. Smaller and larger islands should be added, even the occasional very large island. Like I said, I respect the realism, but realistically there are larger islands and small islands get boring really fast. I understand the challange is in the hunt of reasources but maybe the larger islands can have coconuts generate less than on the smaller islands, and things like plants spread out to make it somewhat of a search/hunt for things like potato and yucca plants. The realism can still be kept by adding large islands. Overall my first impression of this game is great, but it needs more gameplay. This is a beautifully made game with great potential, and I really look forward to seeing what the developers do with that potential. I can see it being one of the biggest games of the year if the finished product is done right and there are enough things added."
,Recommended,313120,16316380,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Crucifixion for Dummies,I bought this game full price and a day later it went on sale.I don't regret buying it full price. Easily the best game I've played in a while.
,Recommended,313120,16222809,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,HA Goteem ye bois,It s a good game but in the future it would be better with some more updates.
76561198103652965,Recommended,313120,16084505,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Plecto,"Really fun, adventourous and addictive"
76561198029628374,Recommended,313120,14194796,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mr_Sunshine,"I've dreamt of something like this since childhood. This game allows you to become a stranded survivor in the middle of Pacific ocean with only one goal, Survive. Although the game at this stage looks somewhat raw, it's still very much playable. I have encountered only a few bugs but don't worry, they are not gamebraking (at least in my opinion).Overall: the game's got a lot of potential. The gameplay is very visceral and easy to get used to. Graphics look fine especially the water textures. The last thing I'd like to say is that this game is obviosly not for everyone. If you don't like the whole Early access thing and don't want to encounter many bugs that make the game frustrating for you, I'd not recommend this for you. But if you enjoy the game's theme and want to participate in the development process despite all the bugs and missing features, then go ahead and spend a few bucks on this product. It's gonna worth your money and time."
76561198054710139,Recommended,313120,14141995,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ThePhantom,"Day 1 : Paddle to the closest island get supplies exit game to go eatDay2 : Join back raft is gone ,resetday 3 : paddle to another island see shipreck, go inside cant get out10/10"
76561198171270997,Recommended,313120,14165726,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mellow,Stranded Deep for me has been a grate experiance for me there is some bugs that are not to big or that but you do not see your shadow but you see the shadow od what you are holding!! love the game recomen you buy it!!
,Recommended,313120,14188944,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MichaelRekt,Best survival games ! Why ?-low cost-good graphic-Freedom-No Cannibals and zombies-The real survival
,Not Recommended,313120,16921771,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,copacetic,"It's alright.. so far. I would not recommend buying it as is. There isn't much to do: explore islands (but they are very, very tiny), build shelter, cook and eat food, create a small range of things.Also achievements currently do not work. The game lacks direction once you finish making your shelter."
76561198158954979,Recommended,313120,16975914,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,(Cyber)Succpotatoad,"Only good survival game I have found on steam that doesn't involve zombies, dinosaurs, aliens, or ""wet-yourself"" creatures.Graphics goodobjectve goodvery realisticdifficult (challenging, not just running circles around sharks and grabbing stuff)price, worth itcan't find anything negative about itupdates, monthly"
76561198140715865,Recommended,313120,16742316,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,KelardMcBorn,"Very Fun But a little glitchy when it first released, 8/10"
,Recommended,313120,16768211,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Seth Dresden,"*** See the updates below ***Early-Access Game at the time I made the purchase, one of the best-looking games available.  It took a little while to figure out how to craft certain things, but once I figured that out, survival got a whole lot easier.  It's still challenging, and my map-making skills still need some work, but there are worse ways to waste away the day.Since the game isn't finished, I'm not expecting to get rescued any time soon.  Talk of multiplayer has me a little concerned, though, as some items took forever to find and I'd become a bit disgruntled if another player helped themselves to my stash while I was out exploring another island or abandoned oil rig.  Minor glitches with the interface, but for the most part, a well-polished 90% complete game.  Really looking forward to the full version, whenever they get there.  Thanks to Generikb on YouTube for some very informative and entertaining Stranded Deep videos.UPDATE 5 AUG 15:  They ruined the game.  Someone decided to update the graphics (new artist?), as well as the game engine, and it looks like sh*t.  Period.  Taking the graphics level up a notch or two makes the game lag, and the bloom effects... probably not compatible with any graphics card more than 3 years old.  This used to be a visually impressive game.  Not anymore.  Save your money.  Wait until they unf*ck themselves before buying.UPDATE 16 DEC 15:  They salvaged the game.  Kinda.  I've become a fan of Generikb on YouTube, and happened to catch Season 3 of his Stranded Deep videos, and it was enough to persuade me to give the game another chance.  The graphics are beautiful on an SLI graphics platform.  For the gamer on a budget, you'll never see those beautiful graphics.  Before the big change, I thought the graphics were really good enough - and could be appreciated by a wider audience.  Now, unless you have a higher-end system, you will not be wowed by the graphics, and you might even think things look worse than before.  And you'd be right.  But... some of the flickering graphics issues on Mac systems have been resolved, and the game is in fact playable, again.At the time of this update, the game is on sale.  It's still considered early access, and it still needs a lot of work, but it's available for half as much as I paid for it.  This could be a sign that the devs are done, they gave up, and it will soon fall into the abandonware category.  Or, maybe they're trying to get more beta testers while making a little money in the process.  Programmers have to eat, too, right?With the lower price, it's less of a gamble.  If you have a robust 3-year old or younger system, you should be able to play it without too much trouble.  Anything older or less robust, and it'll probably play, but it won't look as good as it did.UPDATE 20 NOV 16:  Not sure what they did, but it's playable again, and it's as good as when it first came out.  Thanks guys!"
76561198091771244,Recommended,313120,14189562,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sven_The_Men,7.8/10 too much water.
,Recommended,313120,14189838,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Largeone,"Looks real cool graphics wise, found island got lost, got killed, killed shark, shark killed me lol.if they do all they say they are going to do should be a cool game."
,Recommended,313120,14206187,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Skidd,"Very pretty game. I can see it has potential, and the core gameplay is there. (which is just survive) But it's not QUITE there yet. It needs some more craftable items and ways to travel to the other islands you see in the distance. I'm look forward to seeing where this game goes."
,Recommended,313120,14913890,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Megu,Shark Bait Simulator.
76561198215895764,Recommended,313120,14887917,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,~Cool Username~,"Stranded deep is an unbelievable game, definitely worth playing. I am new on Steam, and easily navigated around this game. The controls are very basic and intuitive, easy to master. The graphics are unbelievable for an indie game, and one can tell that a lot of time and effort was put into this game. I have a couple suggestions that would make the game 10 times better.1) Multiplayer Mode/ Co-op Mode- 2-4 players in a sort of pack on one island. Half could hunt while others build/craft.2) Land Animals- Hunting on land for animals other than crabs would also be interesting. I know animals like deer wouldn't be found on an island, but monkeys? Mabye mice or other small rodents? Idk...just throwing some ideas out there.3) Pond- Having a pond or freshwater somewhere on an island would be really interesting... an opportunity for freshwater fish...?4) Building/Crafting- You could create an upgrade for the backpack to create more storage.5) Rescue- this might already exist within the game, and I haven't seen it, but a rescue from a plane or sailors would be really cool.I know this revew is way too long, but if these features were incorporated in the game, it would be really cool. This game has a lot of potential, and I can't wait to see it grow and progress."
76561198050491211,Recommended,313120,14896457,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Adeth Rapere,Found a coconut and named it Fred.Fred and I became best friends.Got a bucket of sea water.Boiled it over a fire for fresh water.Played tag with Fred to celebrate.Fred knocked over the bucket and spilled all the water.Had to kill Fred to get coconut water.13/10 would murder best friend again
,Recommended,313120,14371297,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dexdere,"I found a drinkable water bottle in the ocean.I fenced with a Marlin.I went on a deep sea expedition to find Wollie the Volleyball, and was attacked by sharks.I became King of the Crabs.I witnessed a whale twirling out of control.I died from going 2 minutes without eating.9/10. Needs more Pirates."
76561197964451722,Recommended,313120,14386735,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Psychotron,It's day six when the boredom starts. The thought of living on an island seemed beautiful. All alone surrounded by quite. I never thought I would need rocks so much in my life. Maybe my luck will change if i survive. I horde my food. I love potatos. Sometimes when no one is around I eat crabs till i puke and then fill up on coconuts for fun. I stand in the middle of the island all night long... waiting. Did you hear that?  10/10 Most fun. My heart jumped in my chest when a shark tail whipped my raft & nearly knocked me out! Lost my coconuts too!
,Recommended,313120,14635807,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,o0mxp0o,If you're looking for a nice change of pace from today's all too popular zombie survival games this title is a must play. This game looks really promising and I can't wait to see what future development holds!No zombies. No radiation. Sea turtles. Coconuts. Play it.Stranded Deep: Hope for Early Accesshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hA27Htt-j0E
76561198032088987,Recommended,313120,14631490,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Shin Moses,"I Hope they keep developing it!Talk about a game I get lost in.Sharks. Those are the only enemy. Just stay on land? Yea right.A visually beautiful survival game. Explore, gather, build, survive."
76561197970787500,Recommended,313120,14136472,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,rockon,"Beautiful, vivid colors in a stunning setting...this game has a lot of potential.  Enjoyable to play ..you gotta love the water!For those of us fed up with zombies and people always killing people, this is a nice serene atmosphere to go at your own pace...keeping in mind you have to eat and quench your thirst.Lots of pros to this game and considering it's alpha there are very few glitches...save for the raft mysteriously disappearing when out on the sea..and in my case, a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off shark that kept coming up the beach (in the sand) to harass me.Looking forward to future updates and fixes where needed"
76561198087830426,Recommended,313120,14661875,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,outlandish99,"For me, this game is better that lots of survival games. But, also if it is an early access, I think that maybe the player should have the possibility to WIN the game. The player can find flares and with a flare gun ( which I hope they will add in the future) he could be saved from the planes, that are allready in the game also if they doesn't have a real function.In conclusion, I like this game and I'm waiting for new updates."
,Recommended,313120,14664692,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,trade.tf | Snipe Gaming,Good Game
76561198032049753,Recommended,313120,14442603,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Juggs272,Best game ever and way better then the forest
,Recommended,313120,14826712,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DizzyDaz,Brilliant game with so much potential. Even as an Early Access Game there aren't too many bugs. I just hope so much that the devs keep updating and improving the game and don't let it die like allot of early access games have.100% recommend it!
76561198013213498,Recommended,313120,14827821,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DonSevo,"I was a bit skeptical at first, not knowing any good ""survival"" type games.  Well upon trying this and putting down my money on good faith of the word of others I have found this to be a wonderful purchase.  It is as much a learning tool as it is a game.  You have to learn to balance permanancy of stay on an island versus local resources.  For example on an island you may have ten palm trees; your choices are as such, chop them down and build a hut to store things in, or keep some for the coconuts which are crucial to surviving with minimal time and extra resources needed.  The inventory size causes you to balance what you want and what is necessary.  For example if you are going to another island for wood or food, you have to budget your space.Overall: Great game, Very Intuitive!  Can be a bit glitchy at times, such as sharks dragging you under an island, or flares falling through rocks and becoming impossible to grab. I am certain they will fix these issues but just like I trusted the makers of Kerbal Space Program, trust these people.  They have gotten this far, they will go the rest of the way until it is perfect."
,Recommended,313120,14828679,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,basedpraetorian,"For an early access game it's pretty great. There may not be a whole lot to do aside from make a sweet house and go diving for loot, but it does a great job at making the world perilous. It's also incredibly easy to get lost if a fog suddenly comes up. Sharks are ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying."
76561198172480389,Recommended,313120,14828981,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,bulvai316,This game is in the early stages of developement at this stage i would say that this game has a long way to go.But the potential of this game being what it is the sky is the limit...An excellent game to be part of in it infantsy... The developement team the Beam Team my hat is off too you guys keep up the excellent work and yes i recommend this game to anyone of all ages..Its all about surviving so come and join the rest of us casterways who are maroon on these islands
76561198141844741,Recommended,313120,14829132,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Otterboy2009,I love how much Stranded Deep is based of Cast Away.  I would recommmend this game to fans of Cast Away or simulators.
76561198064145979,Recommended,313120,14170678,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Xpiree^,"Great game, The idea of the game is amazing, but there is still many bugs and things to be added into the game.Yes i know it is still in its early access phase but some of the bugs should have been smoothed out before release.If the most major bug that i've found can be fixed (when your raft randomly disapears under your feet)the game would be amazing.Can't wait for the next update so that bug would be fixed! very great game!"
,Recommended,313120,14140904,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Bustedwitch,"Now that they fixed the issue regarding AZERTY keyboards I think the game has a lot of potential.However a lot more need to be added and perhaps they should make the islands just a little closer to eachother.If it takes you 3 minutes to get to an island with nothing to do but press a button, it gets kind of boring.Maybe also make the islands a little bigger? If this game ever gets multiplayer which I believe I heard someone say then they'd probably want to be on the same island and in it's current state it's seems a little small for that.Perhaps adding a backpack could be usefull so you can carry more.A way to create your own map, make a garden, etc.The game could perhaps look at ARK: Survival Evolved for ideas and so on.I don't know if eventually you can get rescued or if it is supposed to be an endless sandbox mode.Either way I do recommend this game now, If they at least keep working on it."
76561198079298430,Not Recommended,313120,14951507,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AxelC00L,"-This game is epic. Graphics are beautiful, realism is top notch and the potential for it is huge!That is what I wrote about this game on the 18 March 2015. Now, the only comment I still agree on is that the graphics are beautiful, there's no denying that. However I completely erase everything else I said about the title. It makes me sad that a once great game has come to this as I have good memories playing it. I plead to anyone considering buying this game, don't let the trailer and pictures fool you! They are the same ones that were in place when I purchased this game and do not at all represent of what has become of this once enjoyable game.(Also,they removed the f***ing paddle........)"
,Recommended,313120,14451773,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,I Halz,One good game :D
76561198304096749,Recommended,313120,23938053,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hen Tie,Really fun game! Would buy it again.
76561198143770525,Recommended,313120,14347504,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,the_unholy_cake,This is a great singleplayer game especially being so early in the game's life.
76561197976161708,Recommended,313120,14841687,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,aHappyTeddyBear,"Pros:-Beautiful Graphics as is (can't wait to see the final version).-Great artistic direction (sound, atmosphere, weather system)-Intuitive crafting-Great open world (I honestly get nervous when going from island to island)-Very balanced looting system (not too much stuff, but also not too little)-Lovely building system (for cute little huts :D )Cons (as of now):-Not enough things to craft-Not a lot of loot variety-Islands are all pretty much the same (would be nice to have some diversity, such as small ones, or larger ones)-Basically all the fundimental elements are done well, but little content as of now"
76561198146075871,Recommended,313120,15101750,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Get Out,This is a preety good game. It does have some pretty bad glitches though but hey it's still fine. I wish there was a ending to this though or co-op or npcs on that airplane. Because i mean the forest has that and maybe you guys will do better. But still gotta admit that this is a very good game. Great Job Beam Team
76561198129913303,Not Recommended,313120,15535056,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Zimbe,"Now i have played this game in 0.10 version. The game just sucks. Crafting is horrible, it means that you can't do anything, it means you can't get food and cook it, it means you don't have any chances to survive. The game looks better than it used to, but it's not just enough.First versions of the game were much better, endless world, you had to go from island to island, but now you have a limited area where you can't find nothing useful, well you can modify the area by creating your own islands but in the end it's not enough. I can't recommend this game anymore.Sorry for my bad english :)4.5/10"
76561197982304225,Recommended,313120,32230457,Posted: 6 June,all,Pakakoe,"This game is awesome!A great survival game where you can travel islands and build up a base. Scavange through ships and craft new items. As of now it is not hard to survive, water and food is easy to come by. It is getting more interesting with each update, now you get cold and sunburned.Oh, and it looks amazing, from the islands, wrecks and water to the beatiful sunsets and the new thunder storms, which are freaky.The updates are pretty frequent and so far have always included cool new stuff.For an early access game it is very very playable and fun."
76561198077684727,Recommended,313120,32467171,Posted: 16 June,all,hottesthallie,"this game is really fun.  challenging, but in a good way.  the game is beatifully done and the environment is very realistic at times.  the sharks are scary and make me swim for shore, or my raft everytime they come around. (which is often)  you can construct your own custom shelters and build a raft to explore your way to various different islands in a free range experience.  this is a very new and interesting concept in this type of gameplay. i find it really fun and very immersive.  ive had a few moments, where life was stressing me and i thought:  i cant wait to get back to my island paradise."
76561198152441469,Recommended,313120,32946080,Posted: 28 June,all,❄️Milo❄,Scary if you have a fear of the ocean like me. I get a chill down my spine everytime i jump in the water i guees its always been a fear of mine
,Recommended,313120,14212522,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bluefatty,"After playing through the first update and a total of a little more than seven hours, I feel I can now write a helpful review.TL;DR Overall superb, great developers, recommend buying.This game, while it was nowhere near ""hyped,"" had a very large starting fanbase, so I believe it will go far. Its premise is new and refreshing; I, along with many others, grew tired of the same ""survive alone in the woods"" game; however, there are some enjoyable games with that premise( The Long Dark or The Forest, for example), but it was becoming somewhat of a cliche.The mechanics of the game are, by my standards, amazing. The graphics are superb, while only requiring around 1GB of storage. The optimization is great as well, being able to run stable 60 FPS without even heating up my PC very much.The possibly most important piece, the gameplay, can be given some slack, as it is an early alpha game, but still barely needs to be. There were a few game breaking bugs when it first released: rafts breaking randomly when out at sea, items   disappearing when leaving the ""chunks"" they were in, getting stuck in boats, loot containers not spawning/spawning in odd places, and a few others; however, most, if not all, of these bugs were fixed in the hotfix, along with the addition of whales and boat motors. Not only did that make the game playable for a long time, It also can be predicted from this immediacy that the developers are invested in their game, thus they plan on making it the best it can be.If you are on the fence about this game, I recommend buying it."
76561198061741370,Recommended,313120,14184060,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Splezee,"This is a great game even though it is an Early Access game. I played an 8 hour long session yesturday and i had alot of fun in those 8 hours, but there a few things that should be fix and improved.-The first thing is that sometimes when i go out on the yellow raft it will de-spawn, then re-spawn then de-spawn etc..-The second thing is that there are not enough rocks... i feel like that the large rocks on an island should be able to be mined with a pickaxe or someother tool for rocks if you could add that into this game it would make it an even better game.-And my last point is that you should be able to make a bigger inventory -EG- by making a craftable backpack? or being able to find one in reckage, i do not know if there is an item to make a bigger back pack but if there isnt there is an idea for you.Even though this game is still in Early Access its still a great game 9/10 its worth the $15,00 i would buy it again."
,Recommended,313120,14184215,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Abyssz,"I came into this game with low expectations, but after i spawned in on my raft it blew me away (like i literally fell into a pool of sharks underneath me). I was amazed at the graphics and to see that sun reflecting off of the water was beautiful. Although i bought this game knowing i would get eaten by sharks in the unforgiving depths of the ocean, i still enjoy swimming down to the bottom to see what i can find, but every single time i hear that ""shark is here to kill you"" noise my first thought is ""oh sh*t i am about to be eaten alive"". Oh and lets not forget about the many Cast away references, Wollie and the mysterious DeadEx boxes scattered around the map (when i found Wollie i never left my island, and when i did i threw him into the ocean by accident). there are also a limited amount of crafting in the game, but hey what can you expect?"
76561198066721647,Recommended,313120,14199621,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,#NowAnERP'ER,Its like the every other survival game out there.But this one has a direct reference to Cast Away.So its goodAnd it also is a pretty nice looking game.And has alot to live up to if it is to become a game worthy of leaving alphaAnd there is no nudist mutants running the place either8/10 so far. Its Bland...REALLY bland. but hey...Its alpha :p
,Recommended,313120,14129856,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Baron Von Doggystyle,The book is better.
76561198139930760,Recommended,313120,14133618,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sulude,I LOVE IT!This game has so much potential especially with how crappy some of its brothers in the genre are doing. if you are looking for a good survival game this is it.10/10 would stab a crab again
76561198050493185,Recommended,313120,14134963,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[FNW]Daniel,"I am extremely surprised at how functional this game is for a day 1 alpha. I have givin it a good 4 hours, Visited different islands, cut down tree's and built a little beach shack and had ZERO bugs... I think this game uses witchcraft.. because that doesnt happen these days.I can honestly say this is one of the most immersive and fun indie crafting games ive ever played. They throw you out in the ocean with a raft and a paddle and you are left to figure out how to craft tools, cut down tree's and build sea shacks with no instructions. I have died a few times and each spawn is different and every time I explore I find something I havent seen before. The only issue that I have with the game is that there is no food or health bar so I am unsure when i need to eat, But, WIth that being said, It still adds to the realism of the game. I have ran the game on both my gaming desktop and laptop and both have performed amazingly well.I suggest buying the game, For the price, Its definitly worth it."
76561197990553004,Recommended,313120,14139850,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,<UNKNOWN>,"Here is my review and keep in mind this is just the alpha, or pre alpha haha..At first Stranded Deep is your classic, survival game, nothing new and simple crafting seems more then already done before..... but just waitStranded deep takes you deep into the waters and life itself is depending on what you do next.And not to mention the horror aspect of the game... SHARKS , idc who you are sharks are scary in any open waterThis game takes you into a realistic crafting engine, where you have to gather and bond items together to buildYour inventory is limited so take what you want to survive and make it happen !Although all the bugs and glitchs make you want to throw you monitor at your friend next to you... dont!bugs so far i have noticed that need to be fixed are very basic... loosing your raft in the middle of the ocean surrounded by sharks... not being able to properly cook on fires :P but really... its still a fun game and i would gladly love to see the full build of this game, i cant wait and hope they keep there word about multiplayer coop.... and please for the love of god NO MINI GAMES !!!! pvp would be an awesome aspect... all of you guys start in the plane and you kill to survive or team up and ration food.... that would be a game i could see me playing!!!OVERALL... i rate this game in pre alpha a 9/10.. if the developers can see this?? PLEASE LISTEN TO US... we need a company like that ! thank you for making this game so awesomecant wait for the next patch :DGL SURVIVING !"
76561198020322424,Recommended,313120,14129668,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Great game initially. Not sure how content it will keep me but it's visually stunning.As long as they continue the project I can only see it getting better.
,Recommended,313120,14132007,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Captain Whiskers,"I am ""deep""ly saddened. I tried to stab a shark after getting to the little island then swam some, wouldn't let me. I wanted shark for dinner."
,Recommended,313120,14154767,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TheRealKimmiebear,"Played several games.  Died several times for various reasons like lack of food and dehydration,   I got grazed by a shark and bled in the water a lot.  I had no way to bandage myself but it was still crazy fun to see my blood in the water.  I got real sunburnt several times and very blistered and finally decided to stay in the shade a bit and build tops to my hut.  One thing I didn't like is that I wanted a bigger island and more resources or maybe a few animals to kill however like other players say it's fairly realistic, with totally gorgeous scenery and sunsets, underwater scenes are beautiful and spearing fish and sharks is pretty fun.  I had a great time playing but I hope to see more out of this game, you can easily get bored after an hour or two due to needinn more content.  As it is now I enjoyed it a lot and really can't wait for more.  Gimme more please as this has great potential.  I would also like to see more ambient music and more creatures and crafting!"
76561198078742267,Recommended,313120,14154976,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,{{-_SpicyM3MES_-}},"Cast Away Simulator 2015-   u can find willson but he is called wollie-Craft shitbox items and tools, and can fnd loot in sunken ships and wrecks-catch fish, crabs and try to kill a shark-build a Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥hut-get followed by Pedofile sharks while boating-Great white sharks are very nice (Cough Cough not!)-beatiful Graphics-Worth a buy by a long shot!"
76561198172494539,Recommended,313120,15534017,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,AwkwOrd_Panda,THIS GAME IS SO FUN. many hours of fun but... when you have done everything like kill a whale or a great white there is not much else to do but it is still very fun and with more updates OMG i cant even right now
76561198098325937,Recommended,313120,14609300,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Buy @ Walmart,"Got coconuts, a raft, fire pit, and house. living like a king"
,Recommended,313120,14662538,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Girthlord64,Day 46: I'm still not sure if i should go into the waterDay 47: I went into the water. A shark came by. Guess i'll just live on this island for some time
76561198180146631,Recommended,313120,14563776,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PitaChip,"This is an awesome game full of crabs, sharks, and coconuts."
,Recommended,313120,14590110,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jellyra,"Even after only 3 in-game hours, I can't help but feel as though this game was worth every penny. Even for early access, it is a very ""complete"" game. Every implemented feature is bug-free. From this point, they can only improve. It reminds me of Minecraft's infancy. Do not fail us, Beam Team."
76561198175476913,Recommended,313120,14701374,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Boosted Rabbit 97,"I like everything about this game, but the thing I really love about the game are the sharks mainly because they are so freaking realistic!"
76561198011332341,Recommended,313120,14292361,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Brother Fabius,This game is very fun. i enjoy everything about it. SpearSharking is my new hobby. if this were to have multi-player its GG life.
76561198070983699,Recommended,313120,14292836,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Whatdayanobi,"I was super pumped after seeing the trailer for this game, after playing it, I'm still pumped! It is beautifuly designed even in it's early staged. I like the crafting system, the feeling you get when the sharks close in, and did i meantion it looks GREAT! Highly recommend to a alternative to The Forest if you aren't into the horror scene (like me)."
,Recommended,313120,14307903,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Badhamknibbs,"Note: Don't get stranded in the dead centre of islands with a small wooden raft, paddle, & knife. Otherwise heavy fog & Rain will come in, 3 Great Whites will decide to circle you, and you'll be sitting in your chair spamming LMB for your life.A neat little game right now, but excited to see what's coming for it."
76561197983045087,Recommended,313120,14472275,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Djrcmach,"Nice game starts well graphic are nice runs ok there's things to do and find, even a shark or two islands to hop, just not sure how to turn off this watch alarm..."
76561198141669303,Recommended,313120,16473719,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Divine,This game is excellent. At the moment starting off is harder. The reason is you`re missing a few items. They`re working on new animations and I think people are getting annoyed. It`s hard to start the game at the moment. The new update will come soon!
,Recommended,313120,16426251,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Atharaxy,"When I woke up after the plane crash , I felt like Bear Grills. I jumped into my boat and I was looking for an island to build my house. I had to search for food and water. After I did that, I made myself a little house and survived my first night. My brain was so ♥♥♥♥ed up that I couldn't remember who I was and what I was doing. So I jumped into my boat again and I sailed away. After 10 minutes sailing. I saw something in the water. It was a shark. I was flabbergasted. So I paddled as hard as I could. But the shark was too fast for me. The shark punched me out of my boat and attacked me. After I lost one liter blood and atrracted other sharks, the one was still chashing me. I climbed into my boat again. I was safe. NOPE NOT AT ALL. Four other sharks were chasing me on my way to my island. I almost made it. But one shark was thinking someting else. He ate me like I was a piece of seal.BUT I enjoyed the planecrash, making my house from just cocostree's and diving in the open water. Collecting parts to make a motorboat and kill crabs for diner.I rate 8/10 because It is ♥♥♥♥ing boring after a couple hours. But the graphics look nice. And this game should be co-op."
,Recommended,313120,15637968,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,★ p0s5ibl3 ★,Its a new world
,Recommended,313120,14548617,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ξ| JaCkSoN |Ξ,> Plane crashed> I made myself to the raft> Got knocked out by exploding plane engine> Woke up near an island> Got off raft and stepped on the island> Chopped down a tree with a pocket knife10/10
76561198138718454,Recommended,313120,15013007,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,jnielson123414,you should get this game because i think its the best game and there is still a one or two glitches here and there but they aren't huge and there are some very fun easter eggs and its amazing and it could teach you how to survive if you are shipwrecked on an island and you can build a house and they update it about every week and each update has a ton of new stuff like a base on water that has food...
,Recommended,313120,14955426,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SickTag,"Fun game with a lot of potiental!  I love the idea of living as a cast away in the Pacific Ocean.Cons:All the islands are really small and are similar in a lot of ways by size and make upNo co opNot many craftables, like housing, etc...No character selection or creation.  It's  supposed to be a guy, I think, but the sounds are a girl.8/10 Overall"
,Recommended,313120,14408997,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Results May Vary,"This game has now consumed my life, can't wait until co-op/multiplayer!666/10 would smash"
76561198124105577,Recommended,313120,14453837,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Parklife,I guess this game is awsome however only a few hours in i got a bit bored with the limited resources given to the islands generated. I would love to see more items and maybe some Pirate AI?? in the near future ;DGood luck survivin' :D
76561198128962221,Recommended,313120,15308758,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,tgator,Amazing game that you get addicted to from the start. Definantly a 10/10 even in its early access stage.
76561198051988609,Recommended,313120,14269724,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,oliv3r99,"Started exploring a shipwreck that was a 2 second swim off the beach.Found another lighter and paddle along with a jerry can and a whistle.Nearly drowned when I got caught on something but I managed to wriggle free seconds before death.When I surfaced I was greeted by a shark swiming toward me,♥♥♥♥♥♥my shorts.Managed to stand on the very edge of the ship which was ever so slightly above water so the shark just started circling me.Just about reached the cocky shark with a cheeky stab, he now knows who's boss here.Next day.Still stood on the edge of the wreck, stabbing the shark as he tried getting closer.Shark got smart and started gaining support.Three sharks now circling me.""♥♥♥♥ this""Made a break for it and bailed over the side and swam to the Shore.Sharks nearly got me but I survived.Died from unknown causes the next day.Possibly killed by Loki for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.11/10 would get RDM'ed again"
,Recommended,313120,14350227,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Slashaar,"As all early access games don't expect some polished and refined gameplay experience as there's a lot coming.Now that that's out of the way, we can get to the review.This game is fun, simple, and easy to get into.The scenery is gorgeous, the lighting splendid, the shadows...well the ones other than your own are nice lol (at the moment)The controls are intuitive and responsive which means everything when you fall in the ocean with hungry sharks.Survival aspects are realistic, and grim. You don't treat that infection, chances are you'll die soon.The HUD is very immersive making this even more like actually being stranded on an island in the pacific (midway islands?)You will have to go to another island. Resources are limited. Ration them carefully.There are no zombies, robots, monsters, cannibals, mutants, etc to come kill you. Just dehydration, starvation, drowning, being eaten by sharks, death by sea urchin poison or from falling out of a tree. (for now) This is a realistic survival game.I've been on the islands for days now, but I have Wollie to talk to so I'm not lonely. Wollie told me co-op is coming, I can't imagine what he means, he's just a volleyball afterall."
76561198097694736,Recommended,313120,14135622,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,finfishie,This game is pretty good at the moment. So much potential too!
,Recommended,313120,14158574,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Araqiels,"Someone make this game on a larger scale, across forests, with canoes and tents! This is awesome, but what it could be is even beter!"
,Recommended,313120,14175959,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sanderz,Aussie Aussie Aussie.......Oi Oi Oi.
,Recommended,313120,15329040,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Zonebit,shot a shark with a harpoon gun and it dragged me into the ocean and I drowned to death.no but its really good!
,Recommended,313120,14525520,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,FlamingSausages,I should not have eaten the Angelfish.
,Recommended,313120,14132213,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Liyran,I fell off of my raft and got eaten by a shark. Game of the Year 2015.
76561198050560606,Recommended,313120,14137172,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Skafloodle,guys the game came out yesterday and your rating it bad for being boring... and its not even boring!its good to have a bit of challenge and this does so i recommend this
,Recommended,313120,14137552,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,🔐 Raz,"So Far, I just got this game today, It looked pretty cool so im like ""why not"".I now know ""Why not"" is understating the fact of how amazing this game is!It Looks AMAZING, The FPS is actually good unlike most other survival games,and there is allot to do! I mean ALLOT, the whole underwater theme andanimals really top it all off to a world of amazement.- I defionetly recommend this game to anyone interested in purchasing it. -"
,Recommended,313120,14154420,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,idahodruid,"First 15 minutes: found an island, climbed up a coconut tree, tried to climb down and broke my arm. died from infection 3 days later. 10/10 would break arm again"
76561198122658303,Recommended,313120,14157099,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,therma,"I was honestly more exited about getting this game than any other previously. It was not as good as i expected but still worth the money. I will explain in my daily diary.Day 1:Plane crashed, engine blew up and knocked me out, when i regain conciousness I see an island in front of me, I decide to paddle through the middle of my boat, while only the shadow of my paddle appears. when i get to the island i waste 5 minutes figuring out how to open a hard case(it was worth it, I found a flare gun w/ infinite ammo??). next i cut down all the trees and made several camp fires, my pocket knife breakes, and I can now no longer do anything useful so i decide to wait till daybreak.Day 2: Paddling to a nearby island when all of a sudden my raft dissapears and I am swimming. I stop and look around perplexed for a while but then accept the facts, I AM GOING TO DIE. I then continue to make it to the next island and run around yelling ""You cant get me Sharks"" while shooting my flare gun for about ten minutes.Day 3: I cant stand the wait, it is too much. I swim to the bottom of the ocean, see the schools of fish avoid me, it's like they know i what is happening. I look now at the debris of seaweed, and kelp floating, let it enter my lungs, and then...10/10 would paddle to an island without a raft, run around on it and yell at sharks while shooting a flare gun again."
76561198058953560,Recommended,313120,14239588,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,UKE Storm66,"i purchased this by chance and glad i did :) a truly unique experience, this game offers a calm gameplay experience with moments of truly heart pumping adrenaline when diving for food or treasure i have not felt since watching first Jaws film lol.well worth spending just over a tenner !"
76561198153819081,Recommended,313120,14670709,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,HippieGamerDude,"This game is a true piece of art with its updates that make it even more of an expierence, and the things you can do. I truely love playing this game and it is worth the 15 + $ you spend on it because it bring shours of fun after that. After about 5 or so hours of playing and watching this game i think i was truely able to say this game is a great game, and i reccomend it to all you survival cast away fans out there. This game is worth it trust me get it today and watch jacksepticeye and pewdiepie play it on their youtube chnnels today and remember to buy it for yourself!!!"
,Recommended,313120,14285132,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Crippled Russian Hacker,"First Impressions:30 secs in: Oooh nice graphics45 secs in: Drinks Martini1 Min in: Oh, there goes 9 million dollars.2 min 20 secs: Almost drowned2 min 40 secs: Get on raft with no paddel, and turbine blows me up.2 min 45 secs: im dead. great.2 min 55 secs: nvm im ok. hey where did this paddal come from?3 min: reach island and see fedex box.60 min: give up trying to open fedex box.66 min: chop down every tree on island.67 min: knife breaks. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO80 min: makes spear with only rock instead of axe.80 min: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO99 min: finishes awesome 3 room house.100 min: puts potatos in spare room.100.5 min: eats all the potatos.140 min: sees first shark.142 min: kills shark.145 min: drags shark under myself and starts flying. HOLY SHIZ147 min: slip on lardo fat blubber.155 min: still falling.160 min: hits ground, breaks leg and dies.10/10 would slip on lardo again."
,Recommended,313120,14294908,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Agent Six,"While the mechanics can be a little clunky (at time of writing), I must commend this game on it's realistic shark behaviour! The way they just cruise up out of the depths and suss you out rather than viciously attack is incredibly accurate and unnerving.Just now, I saw two Tiger Sharks come up to have a look at me in my life raft. In a stupid attempt to scare them off, I stabbed one with my knife when it got close. Rather than flee or jump out of the water to rip me to shreds, the sharks started getting more curious about me and my raft. They started bumping it with their snouts and tails, wondering what it was. One such bump knocked my oar out of the boat and I had no choice but to sit and watch as they continued to circle my tiny craft, with each bump coming close to knocking me into the water with them.10/10 would be hunted again."
76561198170437969,Recommended,313120,14684379,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,litlesis,"I like the game, however the sharks are a tad bit mean."
76561198081917539,Recommended,313120,14684940,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mrwaffles,is fun. and it doesnt lag. and is fun.
,Recommended,313120,14185975,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,⋨ADDE⋩,"Great game, i only wish it was more then 4 rocks at each island. and i feel like if me and my friends could play togther it would be much better, one getting matrials and one building house."
76561198127805410,Recommended,313120,14187408,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,EpicNGifted Gaming,an amazing game in my eyes few bugs and glithes but nothing thay cant sort out with time iv made tutorials on the game to help others go check them outhow to build a camp fire and axehttp://youtu.be/0z6qMDH3Y2Ehow to find food and waterhttp://youtu.be/PU0v3rhqZ5ghow to craft toolshttp://youtu.be/Mr_qBYfqjDYhow to fishhttp://youtu.be/HREsCZ6dP6APlease Click Here to Subscribe to My YOUTUBE Channelhttps://www.youtube.com/user/07gifted
,Recommended,313120,14190391,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Feel The Bern,Really great game lots of fun to play.....Has a lot of potential that I'm sure the active developers will make the most of :D
,Recommended,313120,14201707,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Anabelle,10/10 would fall off life boat again
,Recommended,313120,14235101,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,lime,im tweaking hoe
,Recommended,313120,14182155,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kermit,"A very well made game for Alpha/Early Access , love the crafting and the feel of the game. This game is spectacular and is easily one of my favrouites. I would reccomemnd buying."
76561198075605229,Recommended,313120,14182554,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,BlueStain,We Need Bigger Islands!
,Recommended,313120,14185796,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[TW] Fate [CEO],I figured out how to fly through the air on a dead shark.10/10
,Recommended,313120,14188405,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Gucci Aces,This game lets you fulfil my nightmare of being stranded in the middle of the ocean... surrounded by sharks.HOLD UPYOU CAN THROW CRABS10/10 would get stranded again.
,Recommended,313120,14197576,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ben,Crab-Stabbing Micheal Phellps SimulatorThere are sharks and sticksGraphics would be good if I had a better computer
,Recommended,313120,14218075,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Osama Bin Liftin,Great game can't wait for the full version :)
,Recommended,313120,14332920,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kibbols123,"Amazing, could use co-op9/10"
76561198108064405,Recommended,313120,14248266,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Reapers Wrath,So i know i have only about 30 minutes of play time. But i figured id write a quick review.......Let me first start of by saying im absolutely terrified by sharks..... I wont even go into the ocean. So im not sure what exactly made me buy this game.( not that i regret it.) You know when you are in the shower and when you are washing the shampoo out of your hair that feeling you get like something or someone is right there and you gotta hurry to get the soap out of your eyes? I get that feeling every time i get in the water on this game. I decided well hell ill avoid searching the sunken boats and what not for right now and ill just stay in my comfortable raft and go check out this other island. I decided to go to the island that was furthest away from me.....about halfway to it it gets nighttime and it gets reallly spooky I see this fin up ahead of me and it looks HUUGGEE. Even in the confines of my nice secure raft i feel terror......two tiger sharks approach me and i stop paddleing hoping if i stay absoluetely still they will go away...........THAT WAS NOT THE CASE!!!! Im looking at the shark approach my liferaft and im thinking god thats huge. Im glad im in this raft and what does that GODDAMN tiger shark do? he bumps my raft and i fall out ( i hate to say it but as i went under i screamed like a little girl) struggleing to figure out which way is up. I make it to the surface and my raft is like 50 feet away i start swimming and my screen flashes red and the water starts gettin bloody. Im about 10 feet from my raft now absolutely freaking out as i get ripped apart by two tiger sharks. I had to take a break and go smoke a cig before writing this. Now im going to start my tom hanks simulator again...1000/10 would be terrified in the dark water by sharks again.
,Recommended,313120,14253491,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,_plateman,I think the game seems very interesting and something to keep an eye on. Currently the game is need of content but for just coming out to early access that is obvios. I persoanally enjoyed the game and would love to see what new interesting features are added. I also very appreciate how a few days after the game came out to early access they had all ready fixed the major bugs people had found. I can't wait to see what new dangerous wildlife hunt you and the unique items scavenged from shipwrecks. Over all this game is something you should FOR SURE keep an eye on and see what comes out of it.
,Recommended,313120,14266734,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Doc Holliday,"Although buggy and glitchy, this game has a lot going for it. Its beautiful graphics and unusual crafting mechanics make for some addictive game play. I hope the devs keep the updates coming!"
76561198086226411,Recommended,313120,14283805,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,Why is the shark glitching under the sand and attacking me!?! Otherwise great game but needs co-op
76561198104963449,Recommended,313120,14284906,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Killerducky86,Swam down to a sunken ship found lots of cool stuff but got stuck in the ship and drown.10/10
,Recommended,313120,14287472,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Death to ME,"I used all the wood on my island so had to go to another, I was attacked by a shark on my way and died. 10/10"
76561198015898298,Recommended,313120,14307098,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cooked Moose,Stranded Deep is a survival game to get your hands on.. Even in Early Access I am very impressed with what content the game has. It's very simplistic at the moment without any real goals to work towards but still it offers many explorational opportunities with the wrecks of ships and other various things where loot can be acquired. That being said there are obvious bugs and unfinished things within the game but hey as I said before it's only in Early Access. I would like to see more work put into making the sharks a little more aggressive when provoked and perhaps a simmer down on the spawning of them. I find myself all too often coming across tiger sharks :P. Some of the survivability elements are correctly on point yet but that is understandable It just doesn't make a lot of sense that a coconut which is vastly available helps with hunger more than a crab or fish which requires a lengthy time cooking :L. I expect that all of this will be addressed and the development team are already working towards adding more creatures as well and refining existing features in game.  I can see this as a game that would be great to play with a few friends cooperatively so I do hope that is being considered as it would be a major selling point for the game. Definitely a game I would recommend to others. Very nice aesthetically pleasing graphics and the underwater details are exceptional. So much potential for this game! I am looking forward to playing it more and experiencing new things as the games is updated and further developed. 8/10.
,Recommended,313120,14309378,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,pasha.dbd,I have never been more terrified of not being able to jump into a raft when getting chased by a shark10/10 - Will not swim again in the open ocean
,Recommended,313120,14205546,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,★AG3T★,I love coconut......
,Not Recommended,313120,14217098,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jaws,"I've had the game since its release and have seen it go through several stages over the past year and a half. My original review was very positive but after returning to the game and seeing what its new status is I'm afraid I'm gonna have to change my recommendation.It started off as a very interesting survival game that sold the idea of infinite worlds and realistic survival. Granted there wasn't much to do in the game, but it still had fun gameplay up until you had gathered all the right gear, buildings, etc. I had confidence that in time this game would expand a bit more and become that survival game I'd been looking for. Sadly updates have kinda beaten this game into the ground. They seem to be very far and few, but when they do happen they don't seem to bring very much into the game, adding a few usless items, fixing minor bugs, updating HUD and main menu layouts, and forcing me to restart all over again because my saved game is not compatible with the newest version. Graphical updates have also changed the game greatly. The game is starting to resemble something completely different from what I purchased. New graphical updates have forced me to lower my visual settings in order to run the game without FPS drop. I won't hold this against the game too much since my computer is kind of a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But I will let it be noted that I ran the game perfectly fine at max settings before these visual updates occured.At the end of the day, I can't exactly recommend this game anymore. It promised me an in-depth survival experience that entailed hours of fun and interesting gameplay, however it has done very little to deliver such content in a way that lasts me more than an hour at most until I've experienced all the game has to offer. Hopefully the developers use this game as a way to build upon their mistakes in any future titles they may have in their agenda."
76561197999721015,Recommended,313120,14211589,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Han Yolo,Love the sound of hittin' coconuts!
,Recommended,313120,14264371,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,No.501_Spectre,"So in Stranded Deep you take on the life of a pressumably rich smug ***hole who owns his own private jet or some♥♥♥♥♥♥  Well God doesn't like you because you don't go to church or something so right after downing a martini he blows a hole in the side of your plane and you plummet towards the ocean, where you escape into the ocean and get in the life raft that for some reason has already deployed.  Doing that, you get engine shrapnel to the face and get knocked the ♥♥♥♥ out, and when you awake you're beside some random island.The first thing I managed to figure out was that there is a paddle on the raft, picking that up I paddled my way to the island and immediately swam into the sunken ship and gathered what I could.  Scrounged an Axe, a hammer and for some reason there was a flashlight.  Me having no idea what to craft immediately took down the first two tree's I saw and then began slamming coconuts against a rock thinking thats how you open them.  After a minute of trying to go Conan the barbarian on the thing I took a more modern approach and used my pocket knife to shank the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ open.  Aftering some careful scavenging I managed to get some rope, rocks and logs and began to make a spear and camp fire.  My obvious survival skills kicked in and I began gathering as many crabs as I could to cook up.  Once I had enough food I got back in the boat to see the other islands, after about five minutes of paddling a shark started to bump my boat and I fell out, screaming like a three year old I managed to give it a good stab and get back in the boat and paddled to the new island.  After more scavenging and crafting I started to notice my health was going down and I looked to have some sort of sunburn infection or something, continuing on nonetheless I managed to find out I could climb tree's and while grabbing coconuts I fell down and died.Stranded Deep is the survival game that actually is a survival game, one that doesnt revolve around the premise that the hardest part of living in a post apocalyptic or airplane crash scenario is random Zombies or Cannibals.  In comparison to the more developed game's like the Forest, the element's are your worst enemy hindering your ability to scavenge important supplies.  The only danger you'll find from the local inhabitants are the sharks, who only a toddler could end up dying from.  I find its much more engaging when I have to work tirelessly to keep a constant flow of food and coconuts to continue living instead watching my♥♥♥♥♥twenty-four seven looking to make sure someone isnt trying to probe my butt with a spear.Stranded Deep has a very easy and understandable gameplay style that flows really nicely and doesnt require alot to start gathering supplies and build stuff.  To craft stuff, you need to drag all the items into a pile and a little icon will appear informing you that you can build something, holding down the LMB you get the crafting options and you click what you want to build.  This is how you craft everything in Stranded Deep.  The only thing I dont like is that it lacks imagination making everything alot easier since you don't need to discover recipies.  The tools that you find around are much more useful than what you can craft, however, once theyre gone you cant get them back so you need to use them sparingly.  Cooking in Stranded Deep is a bit buggy due to the camp fire model being partly invisible so balancing stuff to stay on is a tricky mess that is just a huge pain.Overall the game is visually stunning and very nice to look at, even though its just ocean, sand and trees.  The moon is also very nice and does a good job illuminating the area when its dark out, and the weather effects are nice aswell adding to the immersion.  The game does a good job emulating the environment you would expect in the middle of butt ♥♥♥♥ nowhere in the pacific.The game so far is good, but still needs to get updated a ton, for what it has there still is not alot to do and once you get a hut and a bed, you can for the most part stay in the same place and live off of coconuts and sardines until you get bored, which I can assure you will happen.  For now, buy it if you want a unique take on the genre and want to support the development, or wait to make sure it becomes a really good game."
76561197964834734,Recommended,313120,15554186,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PACO !!,"great game , so far..it needs-  a long bow ..-  arrows- another spear with 3 striking points-  big islands maybe with wild pigs ?? and maybe bunny's ? tigers ?-  more traps ( there are a ton of survival traps) spring traps?-  rain catching system ? for water ?-  flint  ?-  making fire with sticks ???-  making fire with rocks ?-  more wood ?-good game but i would love some of this stuff in the game !!! it would make a really awesome"
76561198117931310,Recommended,313120,15037652,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,heavymetalbeard,"this is such a cool game. best value for 15$ in a while. its like being tom hanks from cast away without all the math. the developers are steadily working out the bugs and making it better and better.edit: the game hasn't been updated in a while, but playing on the experimental branch you can see they've been putting in a lot of work. the way the waves work and the new water movent is crazy."
,Recommended,313120,15332733,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DazZle Cerberus,Nope
,Recommended,313120,15472915,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Zchy,"You're seriously stranded deeply in this game, get it? Get the pun? You're more than stranded you have to actually think and use your brain when you're swimming, rowing and buiding fires in this game. It's very fun and has a bit of an addictive nature too it. Think you can survive?"
,Recommended,313120,14151123,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sasper,screen went black turned back on and water everywhere. has landsharks and liferafts that dissapear when you go to fast
,Recommended,313120,14159597,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[TUGA] Marcos,Amazing game
,Recommended,313120,14243045,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bente fra kommunen er en perker,"If im going to die on these piece O♥♥♥♥♥♥islands then i might aswell write down what happend if some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ends up here too.I just woke up in my plane going to asia from western coast U.S.A when the plane crashing, i managed to swim out and got on a small life boat trying to paddle away i realised the engine on the plane wasnt broken and i couldnt get way until it stopped, instead it exploded.... yeah ♥♥♥♥ you plane. I somehow survived and woke up on my little life boat, i found an island saw an old ship so i hoped some motha♥♥♥♥ers was close to this island anyway i got some supplies made a camp fire and ate some food and when i was ready i started bulding my house.I was soon done with the house and wanted to go the the closest island to see if i could find  some people or and engine or something. i got there no problem and wanted to go to the next island how bad could it go?. Got there no problem when i leaved i saw some bubbles or something i wanted to see what was under it and there was a ship under the water. i was wondering if this was ♥♥♥♥ing bermuda triangle's cousin cuz dayum all those ships. i found some supplies and and stuff for an engine. but i was so stupid it was night then and now i couldnt find my island and house and paddled to another shipwreck and when i was done searching for supplies some goddam sharks was around my boat. i waited for these ♥♥♥♥ers to ♥♥♥♥ off but then  i just went 1998 mode and said YOLO ha what a gaaay word, anyway i paddled as fast as i could and got to another island which was again not mine. i saw a even bigger shipwreck on this island . i got on my boat and tried to get to my island even though it was night, i was then soon surrouned by sharks again Facepalm, i heard something in the distance not minding it cuz there was 2 ♥♥♥♥ing white sharks around me trying to eat me, the sound then became lounder and suddenly some bro whale showed up being like hey thats my bro, u ♥♥♥♥ with my bro i ♥♥♥♥ you up. So it saved my life and i jumped onto it hoping my bro with give me a ride it was slow as ♥♥♥♥ so i jumped into my own boat and starting paddling again. i was then unsure which of the 2 islands i was paddling to was my island. i picked one to go to and it looked like my island but there was more trees on the right side than the left, i couldnt see my house or that old shipwreck so i didnt think it was mine until i got closer i saw the ship and the door was open in the ship i came closer and saw my house. i was home i was happy i got my stuff and i could finally build a faster boat.But before i could get out to other new island or civilization i  saw a marlin and said to myself (cuz at this point i had become ♥♥♥♥ing craazy) Oh look over there, there's a marlin, it can kill a man in 20 seconds.... let me go touch it.  I got back to the island for medicin when i found out those ♥♥♥♥ing crabs stole them, ♥♥♥♥ing crabs i should have never trusted them those ♥♥♥♥ers, anyway now im here done with my diary, journal whatever and about to die, ♥♥♥♥ Jane u took the dogs and the kids u ♥♥♥♥er and i gave you everything go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. Jacky Mcdankguss. btw 4/10 ign needs more call of duty weapons"
76561198173445831,Recommended,313120,14266871,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jazz-Hands,"Very amazing game, 8/10 in my book. Good graphics, funny glitches (like levitating with dead sharks) and more.I would recomend this to anyone who likes to play around in survival games AND serious survivors.And cool fedEx Easter Egg"
76561198142696898,Recommended,313120,14270424,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,XXDT_FIRE,This is a great game when my friends come over weplay hours of this game this is like the game rust but better theonly bad thing is that this game its in its alpha stage so ive died from floating sharks in mid air one thing that wouldbe better in this game is coop plzzzz coop this game would be perfect with cooooopopppp plz coop
,Recommended,313120,14461849,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Supreme Meme,"Legit is realistic. No spawning in randomly and finding random houses and people killing you with flare guns, not bears chasing you, but instead your circled by flying, land or just regular sharks! and theres no players killing you with flare guns! (yet)"
,Recommended,313120,14482711,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,K̀a̶yl͘i҉nYGO͞.͞e̵x̀e,This game is so much fun. I love the way you can run the game on low quality and still looks so beautiful! This game is the best survival game I have played. I would totally recommend picking up this game. Its sooo worth the money
76561198089235226,Recommended,313120,15118337,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,JesusKnishes,Finally survived to day ten. So far... My raft sunk in the middle of the ocean so I have to swim from now on. Found the shark that I killed on day one at the bottom of the ocean on day nine. Have a bucket that fills with fresh water whenever it rains and two full water bottles. Have two flares that I just use for lighting. Got stuck in a ship and had to go to my last save. Have a house with a bed in it. Shot two flares from a flare gun right in front of a plane at night and nothing happened. Have no more palm trees on my island so whenever I need wood to cook my pile of dead archers and crabs on the campfire I have to swim to an island with no raft or anything and I carry an entire tree across the ocean. Have a steady supply of coconuts. Got poisoned by a lionfish three times in less than a minute and luckily had antibiotic pills. Have 3 out of 4 engine parts and a jerry can. Kill mass amounts of fish with a spear. Have one health left... 10/10 Would play again.
76561198151481619,Recommended,313120,14685593,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Steven ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is very fun and challenging when it comes to traveling. This game so far in the new update is amazing, not that many bugs too. In a couple months the will be even better, its worth the 15$ I spent"
,Recommended,313120,14606819,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FaCeLe5s,Tom hanks simulator is awesome and calming cant wait to see what they add in the future
76561198094046177,Recommended,313120,15137554,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,deez nuts,I think it is bad but that gust because i suck at the game  i all was die in the first 30 min
76561198088277899,Recommended,313120,14347070,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,whomst'dve'ly'all'yaint'ness'yes,"Spend hours searching for loot and building up my island paradise. Suddenly a humpback whale swims up to my costal haven, glitches into the ground and smacks all of my belongings across the Pacific Ocean with its tail.10/10"
76561198155777096,Recommended,313120,14478327,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mqrning,Great Game really fun to play on your own 100% recomend buying it cant wait for multiplayer in the future hopefully but if some of you people are thinking to buy it I would say GO STRAIGHT AHEAD!
76561198115369194,Recommended,313120,14458767,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dr.ArousedNipples,"it's early access so dont expect too much when you get into it. it was pretty fun when i first got it ( except for the fact that rocks were so ♥♥♥♥ing rare to the point i'd have to go to different islands to get them ) other than that it was pretty fun for a couple of hours. i mean i cant say anything pretty bad about it because of the fact its early access ( i mean if you purchase a early access game you should expect glitches, bugs, etc. )"
76561198062520202,Recommended,313120,14472722,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,mksewell,I love this game. I would suggest it to anyone who likes survival games. Even in it early stages i keep coming back to it. SO far the only problem i have with the game is that dragging a bed is like pushing it through space. If you let it go it might just fly into the air and you will never see it again. Other than that game is great and i cant wait tell the full release.
,Recommended,313120,14473530,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,A Suicidal Banana,"Playing this game, i have learned some very impotant lessons in life while deep in thought in my long trek across the ocean in my raft. things about the beauty of nature, how peaceful being all alone can be and whatnot. its a shame that i forgot them though. its hard to hold onto things like that when a tiger shark flips your raft over, knocking you into the water and after biting on to you, drags you down into the dark depths of the ocean floor. luckily i still had my machete with me and if i could stay calm, i might be able toOH ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ HOLY ♥♥♥♥ LET GO LET GO LET GO STAB STAB STAB DIE DIE DIE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHok,he let go of me. suprisingly, sharks are allergic to being chopped in the face with sharp tools. as i made my way back to the surface i was running out of air quite quickly, he drug me down pretty far. luckily i got to the surface and drank in that beautiful life giving air and made the hard swim back to my raft. i got in and grabbed my paddle and started rowwing for my life. thats when i had a realization since i wasnt in ""holy ♥♥♥♥ im going to die"" mode. on my way up, i noticed that i was bleeding pretty bad. thats also when i realized that this game is VERY realistic. it seems like my blood attracted moe sharks. about 4-5 by the look of it. i paddled long and hard while sharks rammed into my raft, waiting for the one that would topple me again. after the 5th or 6th ram, i fell out, but luck was on my side, becuase although i was in the water and my raft was rammed again and send 30 yards away, i saw i was by an island. i swam as fast as i could and was able to make it to shore, laughing as i watched the sharks turn back, since those dumb ♥♥♥♥s didnt evolve legs. i stood there victorious, proud and glad to be alive. it was at this point i decided to have a victory coconut to celebrate my survival. i climbed up a tree and pulled one down, cut that sucker open, put a hole in it and as i brought that delicious drink to my lips...i bled out and died7/10 Too Much Water ~ IGN"
,Recommended,313120,14392345,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,PlayerGrounds and Unknown Battle,"Stranded deep is a great game overall, but, it has some downsidesFirst of all, this game looks amazing. The water is beautiful, sunsets are beautiful, everything just looks amazing.Second, it has lots of potential, which is great. The crafting method is pretty cool and unique, and reminds me of the forest mixed in with the movie Castaway (wilson...)However, it is also boring. After a few hours, you basically have done everything, and the only thing you have left is to look for the motor for your boat and build stuff.Like I said, it has potential, and it probably going to be amazing once it is out of early access. But for now, its still a good game, but it gets boring after a while"
76561198166123594,Recommended,313120,14551990,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,James Harden,I've never really been too afraid of sharks.I've also never truly been too scared of a game to unpause it.All of that changed after I fell off of my raft for the first time.10/10 would soil trousers again.
76561198120760328,Recommended,313120,14510132,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Redhero17,pretty good game
76561198053226525,Recommended,313120,14882220,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,shadow,"So, i'm loving this game. At first the fact that there is no map so you cant accurately guide yourself to the next island or go back to the one you were on, frustrated me. But having to focus on the direction your going and trying your hardest not to get spun around when you think a shark is near you and lose you way is a good challenge. Making a compass a good thing to find. A few ideas I wanted to share were 1st What to add. I think we'll see them eventually but squid/octopus, Eels, Lobsters, oysters, clams and birds nests on the island containing eggs. As for fruits Bananas, Mangos, Berries. I like having a variety. 2nd I think making resources less available would be more challenging. For me once I built my Hut & Campfire the game turns to just searching for wood to use to cook and boil water. Traveling to an island to find out  there is no lashing plants, or maybe not to many stones or cocounts could add to the challenge. 3rd Lets add some danger to being on land. Scorpions? Tarantulas? or how about poisonous snakes? A good example would be that in the tropics there are species of snakes that curl up in the top of palm trees. Try climbing up and grabbing a coconut and surprise! or cutting down a tree and a snake may fall on you? 4th. I would like to see larger islands. I feel thats probably not what your going for but even having a rare large island thats maybe six times the size of the other ones that may have more resources like Boars or Pea♥♥♥♥♥ to hunt. 5th Being able to throw spears for sharks or fish near land? Or finding a rubber hose which can be used to create a speargun for underwater?  Also there needs to be a way to craft a paddle. 6th Weather conditions. If im out in the rain to long I should get sick, like a cold.  Also sunburn. Aloe vera palnts could be used for sunscreen. Getting exposure to these things maybe could result in slower swimming and running. Anyways those are a few of my ideas. One question though, do the coconuts regrow overtime like the lashings and potatos? If so it makes a reason not to cut down all the palm trees on your main island if your not hopping from place to place. Thanks for listening. Back to the game!"
,Recommended,313120,14167790,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,i want to sudoku myself,"ever wanted to play the forest without the weird, naked cannibals?ever wanted to play the forest with more water?ever wanted to play the forest with more dangerous wildlife?ever wanted to play the forest with more WILSON!!!!!!!!?ever wanted to play the forest without the spider creature that gives you nightmares?ever wanted to play the forest with a bigger map?ever wanted to play the forest but have the map be different every time?ever wanted to play the forest but actually not be in a forest?ever wanted more plane crashes?then stranded deep is for you"
,Recommended,313120,14174193,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Taylor Swift,I killed a shark jumped on its back then grabbed it and pulled up and we started flying into the sky.11/10 - Would fly again
,Recommended,313120,15066053,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,nogurd,umm in the short time ive played Stranded Deep ive learned that ummm... whales are the yummiest type of cheese cracker since that is what i eat while i play Stranded Deep... it makes the game feel more immersive when i eat the crackers :)
76561198131011115,Recommended,313120,15932186,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Funkygeva,"spawned onto my life raft, saw a sunken ship, swam down to it got stuck due to a bug....drowned. 10/10 would drown againThe game is ok, needs a lot more content as it gets boring very quickly after you have built a shelter, scavenged for stuff and repeat....its no Dayz thats for sure"
,Recommended,313120,15920568,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,The Speed God,"A wonderful game that pulls you in quick  with its great graphics and  fantastic world to explore. Just watch out for tiger sharks!Now they updated it and it has only gotten better! The map editor function is quite fun, and the addition of materials is useful. Always ranks high on my favorites list!"
,Recommended,313120,15884713,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lesquishy,Too much paddle. for not a big enough of a reward on the island. Great graphics.  Good game play and a big future. 2 updates a month is good.
76561198025654062,Recommended,313120,15467352,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Skeleheron,This game is so realistic that at one stage I thought I was drowning IN REAL LIFE and my housemates had to punch me until I was able to unimmerse myself from this exquisite paddling simulator.
76561198068156133,Recommended,313120,15497740,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JNemesis,"The best part of stranded deep for me is the exploration, I see something new every time i play. I'm not going to list anything here because the moment you discover something or see something in game for the first time is amazing. The survival is very well done, you have to manage reasources because they do run out. This might be a lacking as a review because I dont want to go into specifics but I really dont want to rob the ""oh wow"" feeling this game gives you at times.The game is in Early Access and there are a view bugs and issues but nothing that ruins the game. If the developers continue to add stuff as they have been doing the game will become amazing."
,Recommended,313120,15424195,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Super Squirrel,This game is Awesome!10/10! Even if it is not fully built yet! 10/10!
76561198042130811,Recommended,313120,14637804,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Luca,"Firstly, this game has a very unique feel unlike other survival games, the crafting is clever and at first, is hard to get to grips with, but that is up to your imagination. For an early developed game Stranded Deep is really defined - visually and conceptually, well worth the money!I would feel quite harsh if I was to critisize this game as it is has just been released, but some improvements I would illustrate would perhaps be to make the islands slightly more larger and definatley add a personality to the sea, being in the Pacific ocean should not be a calming experience."
,Recommended,313120,14685739,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,NikoTheLastGamer,"The Game is in early access and its still a great game. I have enjoyed my time playing, definitely worth the 15$. There is already so much to do just wait till they will release the full game"
76561198166665315,Recommended,313120,14686401,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,imabakedpineappleasaurus,i think this game is great and use should keep working on it maybe more tipes of animals like big sea turtals  and a lot more things to craft and u need the weather to efect you when you are cold in the rain but it is a really good game
76561198083975438,Recommended,313120,14663981,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,medkraz4,"AWESOME GAME!!! only problem i had was that like right when i left one island to go to another one, i was attacked instantly by a shark and killed. i barley left the island and i die."
,Recommended,313120,14677964,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bauni_Chhun.cfg,Night time. Paddling. Great White shark. Nearly crapped myself 10/10
76561197970352275,Recommended,313120,14682962,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,superiggy,"No zombies, no priates, no... AI enemies. Just yourself.Perhaps the greatest enemy of all.Stranded Deep is a Cast Away simulator, and while it's only in Early Access it does a lot of things right, including:- Intuitive and organic crafting system;- Sense of isolation;- Vital signs don't punish you - but the environment and your decisions can. For example, obtaining an infection can be disastrous when you need to scavenge for antibiotics on shipwrecks. Often the infections come from touching poisoned fish;- Tools eventually break, but take some battering in the process, and are easy to craft again: a big improvement on other 'survival' games where it seems keeping your tools alive is the aim of the game;- The water is beautiful but I'd like to see changing conditions and waves - especially when it appears to be stormy and I'm camped near the beach, you would suspect that wind and waves may batter my encampment. The theme of nature being both beautiful and devastating should be one of the game's strength's, and I feel that the devs are certainly taking it in that direction, which is great!- It doesn't tell you what to do other than to get you going, yet there are some excellent wikis out there if you are short on time: a sign of a strong community;- Frequent updates, so kudos to the devs for their support."
,Recommended,313120,14253166,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Patches,"It's about as much fun as watching paint dry, but it is interesting enough to keep playing.I didn't run into any issues while playing as described by other players and I'm about 2 hours in.A in-game guide would be incredibly useful. It took me much longer than I'd like to admit to figure out how to get enough sticks for a fire."
76561198120322176,Recommended,313120,14255994,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,byrnzy,"14/10 would bangdefinetly the best survival crafting game out there, my highlights are-sexually harrasing and destroying tiger sharks-eating coconuts-stabbing crabsunfortunately i dropped my compass in the ocean and did not find my beach resort and island"
,Recommended,313120,14268496,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Putzin,"Days have gone by now... I don't know when i'll see Wollie again.. The rain must have washed him away while I was sleeping. I still have a few cooked crab to last me a few more days, and coconuts from all the trees i've cut down recently... The house is coming along nicely, though I'm still unable to place prostetics upon my foundations... I still managed to make a staircase to stand on the roof. However, all my trees are gone... and my rocks aswell.. All I have left is my two engine parts and some jerry cans. Aswell as my palm fronds and latches i've collected. I began to search for another island in which  I may collect some resources for my home. I began out to sea, half way to my intended destination. I began to see something in the water, I thought it may be a wreck I could possibly loot. Though.. I was very wrong. I began to hear the notes in which we all dread. It was a fin... It was moving. Not only that, however.. I began to see another, in which at this point I was frantically thinking of my possibilities. I instantly haulted and crouched in my life raft in which i've protected all this time. They began to circle me. I decided to make a run for the island In which I was heading to. I managed to get there safely and looted a few wrecks on the way. I then returned home safely as it was day time then. I finished up my house and had a bean dinner in which I recovered from the wreck including a compass. It's day 10 now.. and I'm still struggling on resources. I don't know how much longer I can survive.. I've been coughing lately and losing health every now and then, I'm not sure what I've contracted.. However it's not looking good.....House :http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/535135824191634923/07359F81AADD9E9275DEFB3B5C0FA9F25125BD20/Updated House Interior Angles :http://steamcommunity.com/id/Putztoclutz/screenshot/535135824191731602http://steamcommunity.com/id/Putztoclutz/screenshot/535135824191732042http://steamcommunity.com/id/Putztoclutz/screenshot/535135824191732292"
76561198081905040,Recommended,313120,14568790,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Armond,"10 seconds in you want some alcohol, 20 seconds in theres a hole in your plane, 30 seconds in you wake up on a raft next to your new home, 40 seconds in you manage to paddle to shore, 50 seconds in you think...""what do I do now?"" 60 seconds in you explore your island, 70 seconds in you realize that you're legit ♥♥♥♥ing stuck on a pile of sand with nothing but a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥lighter that seemingly has an infinite amount of fuel and a ♥♥♥♥ing water bottle that you're probably going to lose in the following evening anyways, 80 seconds in you start picking random♥♥♥♥♥♥up like sticks and rocks, 90 seconds in you start trying to build♥♥♥♥♥♥ 150 seconds in you finally make an axe, 160 seconds in you attack a mother ♥♥♥♥ing apalm tree cause that ♥♥♥♥♥ looked at you in a sort of way that made you want to chop the mother ♥♥♥♥er in two, 170 seconds in you chop down the tree into little bits successfully, 180 seconds in you make a little fire and you think ""well this is pretty sweet"" 190 seconds in you find some potatoes on an island. Because potatoe. You eat those and wait till morning to start any other task. 300 seconds in you realize your thirsty so you drink from your plastic water bottle, 302.7 seconds in you realize while your drinking your water bottle that there are some nearby ship wreckage in the distance off shore. 310 seconds in you find yourself swimming twoards the wreckage, 320 seconds in you notice that the ship is mostly under water so you dive into that rusted ♥♥♥♥♥, not caring you may scratch yourself on a rusted pole giving you tetnis cilling you slowly. 330 seconds in you manage to find what seems to be like a captains cabin inside the boat underwater and as youi rummage through it you find a fuel tank, machete, and a bucket of sea water. 330 seconds in you notice there is an approaching fin. 332 seconds in you are swimming for your life cause that ♥♥♥♥♥ is a♥♥♥♥♥♥bricking shark who wants to take a bite of your salt water covered balls and feed you to his little baby sharks so they can eat your limbs slowly while you try to scream but the overwhelming amounts of water enter your lungs and you die slowly and painfully as the baby sharks rip out your intestines with a seemingly childish manor. You're eyes start to close and your image of the world fades, the sharks have desicrated your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and eaten you like a fat women in a buffet.10/10Like if you cry everytime."
,Recommended,313120,14153162,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Manoa Jon,This is one of the most promising early access games. The graphics are amazing for an alpha and the sounds are great. Some mechanics have bugs but what do you expect its early access.Watch out for the Great White
76561198136173620,Recommended,313120,14162928,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,joeysworldtourfanboi69,One of the best looking games on steam runs very smooth very fun and infinite replayability since the game generates something new everytimeand for the price it is a must buy and for an early access game their is almost no bugs :D!!!!
,Recommended,313120,14166595,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,I eat GLUTEN,GOD ♥♥♥♥IN DAMNIT IM STILL IN A ♥♥♥♥ING BOAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ DONT GET INTO THE BOATS YOU GET STUCK AND CANT GET OUT.
,Recommended,313120,14173139,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chestertheowl,"Great game! has very little bugs compared to other alpha games, which shows promise that they will be very good at taking care of problems. The graphics are really good and that download size for a game this great is suprisingly small. good game. Recommend 10/10"
76561197976835318,Recommended,313120,14279102,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Wattsy,"Left my first island in a raft towards a second island. Got half way and was suddenly surround by fog. With no sense of direction I went in what I thought was the right way. I was then surrounded by 3 great whites, but managed to get away. Saw another island in the distance and headed towards it.After all of this I finally get to the island.............. only to find its the one I started at. BRILLIANT!This game has loads of potential, and is already really good. I hope the devs continue to update it."
,Recommended,313120,14289590,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kokutai,Played it for the story
76561198170678322,Recommended,313120,14583676,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BadManWill393,incredible survival experience. nice to see a game without zombies.
76561198035693251,Recommended,313120,14158652,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,golakka crawler,"dropped in, shark almost tipped my raft,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants...still haven't found wilson yet"
76561198220558805,Recommended,313120,29780739,Posted: 8 February,all,kkerry4,Guys this game is great and i think we should get try to get it up on top
,Recommended,313120,14318654,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Shnackemz,I accidentally threw my paddle into the water. I went after my paddle. I was never seen again.
,Recommended,313120,15277414,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Wadena,Great game even if it`s still in Alpha. Takes some getting used to not having a HUD. Maybe they could have made it a little more exciting with different types of islands?All-in-all a game Worth trying. Graphics is amazing!
76561197993500303,Recommended,313120,14383984,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gorebane,"The visuals are great, and the concept is very interesting. With regards to travelling on a tiny raft in the middle of the ocean they've certainly managed to capture the feeling of panic and terror I'd feel if being circled by sharks.However, there's not much to it at the moment. You can create all the items currently craftable in the game in the first couple of hours of play.Has potential to be a very good survival sim."
76561198038942075,Recommended,313120,14299750,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Milo is my Daddy Blaze it,"This game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and it's not even a horror game, but you'd be scared too if you were in the middle of the ♥♥♥♥ing ocean and didn't know that sharks were a thing."
76561198170123942,Recommended,313120,14766008,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Poowhiskers,i recomend bying it later when there are more updated
76561198043359316,Recommended,313120,29165314,Posted: 10 January,all,sinistermelon,"Relaxing ocean sounds, cool wooden huts, man-eating sharks.10/10 would feed my body to sharks again"
76561198174033589,Recommended,313120,14511528,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,imthejuggernuat,awesome i love it it is awesome 10 stars
76561198163326066,Recommended,313120,14506445,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Scunt,this is a cool game
76561198190121737,Recommended,313120,15272882,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Echoinnitemare,"This is a truly fun game, I hope for more creation options and more aquatic life, maybe an improved raft that could carry items even if its limited to only a few slots, and maybe one large heavily vegitated island with a cave system for exploration. Thanks and I hope to see much more/"
,Recommended,313120,16647935,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,M a r r a n,"this game is just great, and it will get better with the upcoming updates! :)you can kill sharks and you can fish you can build a shelter, you can investigate ship wreaks and plane wreaks where you can find awsome stuff!Totally recommended and with the new updates coming it will extremely worth buying :)"
76561198064745580,Recommended,313120,14157022,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,gizmatron,"THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME!Its pretty rad for just coming out. I have a okay laptop and with the laptop settings make it really easy to play, like ofc there is some random slowed frame rate when there is like way too much happening but its great.Death to all sharks...I love the building aspect, its like nothing ive seen before, its fun and different which is awesome. Its weird at first but becomes hella rad.I like exploring the ship wrecks too!The only thing as of rn that I don't like is the island size and the spawning of important materials, such as ROCKS. My island only had 3 rocks so then I needed to go to different Islands and get more but only to find the one island I went to had 1 rock. ;(I enjoy this game a lot though and I hope there will be multiplayer."
76561198017029804,Recommended,313120,14162811,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Daan | 11th AMB,"I think this game has a lot of potential,the crafting system is really original and the lush world looks awesome!Bugs:- both my raft and boat disapear after a certain distance to my home island.- As i paddle on a raft the character seems to move slightly after each paddle,which result in falling off sometimes- i cant seem to place my bed on a foundation.exploit:- Potatos regrow way to fast you can harvest them to easy.im really looking forward to all the comming updates and watch this grow into one of the most realistic survival games with and actual oppurtunity to be rescued."
76561198152720885,Recommended,313120,14291526,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rusher2015,"Great game! I love the idea of being stuck on an island. Great graphics and definitely interested in seeing what they decide to add to the game in the future. There are some things I did notice though about the game that hopefully you all can consider!- Getting stuck in the abandoned boats. Seems like you can't get out of the hatch once you get into it.- Islands seem to be small and with little material to work with. I can't seem to find enough things on the islands to build even a simple house. Keeping a campfire going without having to venture to another island to get sticks is tough.- sinking raft. Seems as though anything put into the raft sinks the whole raft, even my lighter!- No human shadow. I see the shadow of my item I am holding but not the person holding it!- It would be AWESOME if you all could add bugs or even some threats on the island to make it interesting!!!!!!!!!OVERALL GREAT GAME WORTH IT"
,Recommended,313120,14206184,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ReApA,"This game has great potential, amazing graphics and definitely worth the price. Even though there is not many features at the moment, especially since it is only in early alpha, I do however see great things coming in the future for this game."
76561198039361067,Recommended,313120,14168968,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,QuasiDoc,"1/25/15 - So far, great game with tons of potential! Present content is lacking for the time being, but keep in mind the game just released 1/24. While i do recomend this game, i feel it may be a niche market and for for certain age groups.-This is a survival vs environment game, not H1Z1 or 7d.-Graphics are outstanding, but buggy at times.-The crafting system is a bit different. Others have compared it to TUG while other disagree witht at. It did take some getting used to, but once i did, it seemed natural.-No hand holding in this game. You learn to make a martini, then you're swimming with the fishes!A DLC is expected in the next 1-2 days, i will update soon."
76561197963895521,Recommended,313120,16586901,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rjd2,"I love the atmosphere and the setting of the game. Its still alpha, so there is a lack of endgame content."
,Recommended,313120,22866459,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Turbo Autism,"This game is amazing. Being able to craft without the item in your inventory is a great feature and so is dragging items. And to top it off the game is only 300 mb, but it does require a decent pc to play. An active roadmap is great to see and really waiting for co op. That would really be the icing on the cake."
76561198080384601,Recommended,313120,14164063,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hecckerr. csgo-lottery.com,"stabbed a tiger shark to death with my pocket knife,10/10 would stab again"
,Not Recommended,313120,14151104,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Wamlab,E a r l y  A c c e s s  H e l l
76561198085410673,Recommended,313120,14465422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Captain Hero - hellcase.com,Good game crafting needs a bit work
,Recommended,313120,14273037,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Foosball,"Already 5 hours into this game and I am liking it.The short, think of this game as a mix between The Forest, Far cry and that movie with Tom Hanks.As an Alpha (???) it looks DAMN good. The graphics are crisp and clean. The environmentals change throughout the day.The crafting system is alright but I've seen better with the Forest. I haven't encountered that many bugs before, apart from the vanishing shark that disappears once it hits the shoreline.I've been able to to craft a bed, a partial structure with roof, a fire, a fire spit, spears, crude axes and crude hammers.Worth the 16.99 so far..."
,Recommended,313120,16246331,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,JoSexyLee,9 out 11 This game gave me ebola
76561198100754064,Recommended,313120,14169915,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CaPsLoque,"awesome game where you can build a house on a island and act like your on vacation. (totally not what i'm doing right now...)I hope they will improve the crafting system, but i won't hate because it's still in alpha modewould play again 10/10"
76561198061505495,Recommended,313120,14169871,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,rtk_dreamseller,Awesome game for an alpha. The trophies arent registering on mac or pc so far. The gameplay itself is very smooth. The only thing that keeps happening is the raft keeps disappearing about halfway to an island. I really look forward to the further development and expanded features.
76561198073322191,Recommended,313120,14170099,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Filthy Magic,"So far, the game wont load. But I love the title screen!"
76561198085918525,Recommended,313120,14169822,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,okamitaretsu,"Truly a wonderful survival game! While still in it's very early alpha stage, I'm amazed at how smoothly the game has run. Only a few bugs that will be worked on quite soon.If you like a game where you can focus on surviving via natural resources/dangers then I would definitely recommend this game.10/10"
76561198147982189,Recommended,313120,14170169,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,steel chopstick,"Castaway SImulatorV0.01 (at time of review)Visually this game is stunning.  The water is very well done and it actually distorts objects under the surface.  The sun/moon reflection on the water looks amazing especially for version 0.01.  I was very impressed with the game as it was just released. It did take me quite a while to figure out that things must be on the ground to be crafted as there is no tutorial (honestly i dont think it needs one) survival is simple enough. Crabs are cooked by throwing them into a fire, which i really liked as most games you just combine it in a menu and watch a timer. (Need to make it so you can cook more than one crab at a time!!!) I built a hut but so what? I couldnt even put a bed in it.  I didnt really feel any urgency while playing this game. Im not saying add a story but other than trying to collect all the treasure there is not much to do without increasing the survival difficulty.If there are any devs reading this please add the ability to make better rafts, maybe a houseboat even.  Or at least something that gets around a little faster. (Maybe the ability to add a sail.)Bugs are minimal and not distracting to the point of unplayability. (In the tutorial if you go to the back of the plane there are items floating in zero G when they are clearly not underwater and the words on the newspapers are mirrored from front to back.) Although at one point i had my raft all loaded up with supplies, rowing to another island, and the raft completely disappeared out from under me never to be seen again.All in all though i can easily say this is one of the best and most complete first release alphas i have ever played.Visual 10/10Content 7/10"
,Recommended,313120,14169678,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,reece2800,"Great game, can't wait for the updates!"
76561197966740731,Recommended,313120,14170058,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,xeopherith,"I recommend putting this game on your watch list.  It's a pretty fun game but it's definitely far from being a game, it's basically a playable idea because you can craft everything people know how to craft within an hour or two depending on the island you start on.  There are definitely some minor bugs but it's not unplayable.  My recommendation is to wait at least 6 months to get more content."
76561198103152882,Recommended,313120,14243801,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheBusterNick,One of the best games i played in a long time! There are couple of things to point out here.First the game is very small like 300 mb and what it offers is incredible!When you first start playing it and your plane charsh and you wake up on an island you first think Oh My God what GRAPHICS!!! some 5 Gb games dont have graphics as good :D anyways there is no game like this anywhere or at least as good as this one.I definately recomend you will not waste your money .
76561198057318407,Recommended,313120,14317867,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ROBOTIC,>Get Game.>Build Hut.>Go for a swim.>MFW I remember there are sharks>Dead.>best $15 spent 10/10 would buy again.
76561198035223944,Recommended,313120,14379231,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chud Brunswick,"I like crafting... and surviving.  This game has  both.   Played almost 12 hrs...most of that was afk while my raft slowly made its way to an island.  The graphics are nice.  Jumping off your raft in deep water to get some loot is terrifying.  I just don't think there is enough here or in development to make this much more than a quick island getaway from your stack of other crafty/survivy games.  Will definitely check back when the end-game scenarios etc. are put in.Confession:  I knocked over a dingy thinking i could use the turbine as a propellor.I'm on a raft mfers,-ChudHuge PS:  A few things that would have kept me more interested.-crafting larger backpacks or storage containers.-multi-engine rafts...or at least a quicker one.-dolphins.  I often dream of having a selfless relationship with a dolphin...until it all goes wrong.-pants-crafting more interesting huts and boats.-sun screen.  I love to lather it on my beard.  It makes me feel so dumb."
76561198358851278,Recommended,313120,29682732,Posted: 3 February,all,squidward tortellini,"If you like challenging survival games than you will love this, I sure did."
,Recommended,313120,14188396,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Senolapse,"Fantastic game so far. Love the vibe. The feeling of isolation is actually quite relaxing, yet tense at times. Very well done for such an early version. Hunger for more updates asap, and can't wait for the finished product. Really hope this isn't just another project that releases alpha then gets abandoned/flopped because the developers make a lot of money."
,Recommended,313120,14232420,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mari Jake,"This game is completly amazing. Breathtaking graphics, awesome mechanics, and a very high replay ability which I see getting even greater in the future when more updates are released. 10/10 With rice"
76561198083153724,Recommended,313120,14565083,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Max,Shark food simulator 2015would be eaten again 11/10
76561198140274011,Recommended,313120,14177862,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ZlatanIsNumeroUno,"It was day 2 when i didnt find any living thing on the island, night was heavy, couldnt find any sticks to build fire camp, so i decided to visit the nearest island, when i woke up next day i sow that mine raft was gone, its a long way to the closest island but i will do it. just need to swin across the sea full of sharks =)R.M."
76561198067784761,Recommended,313120,14131085,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Velrix(HC),"I have been playing since launch... The game is good and has amazing potential in the future. Keep in mind though it is early access so yes there may be bugs you encounter. At this stage its very playable and I really like the way this game is going at this point.With that said the biggest bug is getting into boats that are slightly out of the water, you cant get out. Sometimes depending on where you save the game you may get stuck upon reloading your saved game. The most annoying bug is venturing from one island to another. The craft will either dissapear but if it doesnt its rather useless to gather materials in because it will sink :).All in all I would give the game a solid 9/10 for early access day 1 release. Hell these guys put this game together better than most Ubisoft or EA games lol."
76561198026659306,Recommended,313120,14152914,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cryptik05,Great survival game but need to fix raft bug !
76561198087014042,Recommended,313120,14134649,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SKROMAK,"The basics of the game are great.It is one of, if not, the most stunningly beautiful game(s) I have ever played. The fact that I took 115+ screenshots in just a few hours speaks volumes.The dynamic weather looks amazing (sunrise, sunset, nights, rainfall, fog etc.)The crafting is difficult to pick up, however I came around to liking it.It does of course have a few problems, as any early access game would encounter.I would like to see islands be either slightly larger, or closer to one another. (Things like transporting 8-12 sticks from the closest island to yours whilst swimming (rafts are glitched I believe ATM, and they disappear/can't be used) gets monotonous and too dangerous for it to be worth it.) I also would love co-op/multiplayer which I am to believe is in the works/or will be.So far I do not regret spending the money for it. I can see it has a lot of potential. Would reccommend."
,Recommended,313120,14289158,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ᔕᕼᖇᑌᗰ,First couple minutes i think the game is good...See a shark...Dies From SharkQuits For an hourPlays The Game again
,Recommended,313120,14346256,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,"Tom ""Heart Stopper"" Petty","Got in, organized my supplies. Go out to different island, find buoy and use it as marker, get lost for and hour. Find island again, fire still blazing like I left it. Only thing out of place is my newly beached humpback. Hit it a couple times with machete, does absolutely nothing. 20 minutes later, come back from gathering wood, humback unbeached, swimming away. Called him Wilson. Scream ""Wilson! I'm sorry Wilson, come back!"" Die of starvation. 11/10 would beach whale again."
76561198065273207,Recommended,313120,14134577,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BЯÆ,"I really like the concept of this game and i look forward to seeing where the devs take it.For me its a nice balance of exploring and crafting. The crafting isnt difficult and it isnt to time consuming.I like that you can climb trees and that using different objects with different tools can produce differnet items.The exploration side of it is fun and at the same time scary.  sharks trying to knock you off your life raft or circling the wreckage that you are trying to explore makes you think twice about as the kids say ""yoloing"" it.Great game so far.keep up the great work devs."
,Recommended,313120,15317001,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Spy149,"This is really great! It is like being in Cast Away (the movie with Tom Hanks[and wilson]). It has great potential for becomeing more in-depth, and thats all i can say, cause I am just speechless at how well the game is!"
,Recommended,313120,14150961,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sellnbrew,This game is really fun it dose have some bugs here and there but it is in alpha and currently everone is scared about sharks but they dont hurt you yet
76561198146188513,Recommended,313120,14654441,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,darrel.norris,"I really enjoy playing Stranded Deep.  Considering it's only Alpha, I'm really impressed.  The graphics are amazing and it's a lot of fun looking for stuff on different islands and searching wrecks.  Crafting things is really cool too.  But I keep losing my home base and have to start all over again :(  I have a problem with the overly aggessive tiger sharks.  They knock you out of your raft far too often.  And my goodness what does it take to kill them?  I stabbed one 10 times and it just swam away. Also, the dynamics for putting down your bucket of fresh water could be tweeked a little.  Almost every time I do it I spill the bucket. I have to crouch, look up and hope when it drops it's upright. It would be nice if coconuts could grow back like the potatoes and the yukka plants do.  And speaking of coconuts, please, every time I walk past a palm tree I climb it, whether I want to or not!  Maybe lower that sensitivity a bit?Oh, and I had a great experience with a whale.  It swam up to me, singing and swam beside me for a while. Even though it's only a game, it was a breathtaking experience!  I hope to see the whale again.These are just some suggestions I have that would improve the game for me.  I really enjoy the game, and as I said, it's awesome for an alpha game.  Better than a lot of full game that have come out recently!  I can't wait for more updates!Oh, and haven't found Wolly yet.But I've survived 25 days so far :)Thanks for the awesome experience!"
,Recommended,313120,14391015,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mysteryrex,it is an awsom game please make more games like this
76561198105134812,Recommended,313120,24934463,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,NoobiIicious,EDIT: after reading the tutorial section of the forum it's actually pretty decent but gets pretty boring quickly as there's not much to do that you can't already do on the one island you start off on.Maybe adding some kind of story to it or give tasks that need to be completed (which the devs make up or even the community and download them)I first played the game when it was first released and you could just drag items onto the fire to cook them but as after a player explained that you now need to use your knife first. (cheers Ersteman)Graphics are very goodWish the updates were more frequent but since there's only two devs it's understandable.
,Recommended,313120,14740291,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dynamite,Stunning game.
76561197990356865,Recommended,313120,31422593,Posted: 28 April,all,Kevin Bourne,"I started Stranded Deep when it first came out, and I felt it had great potential - in fact, I was right.  While there are times of frustration due to minor physics issues (table may turn over when a antibiotic pill bottle lands on it, or difficulty putting meat on the smoker), it has grown leaps and bounds.  An interactive and quite intuitive system for building a cast-away home if you want, raft if you want to explore more than just the basic life-raft, or simply basic survival water collection and ability to cook food.  The land- and sea-scapes are incredibly well done, and interaction with the wildlife on the islands and sea creatures off-island keep you coming back for more.  If you're the type of person who enjoys a challenging game that is continuing to grow leaps and bounds, it's definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,313120,19375232,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,beadybiddle,"Amazing game overall! When the fact that the game isn't complete is considered, this is a top quality game. Great graphics, easy crafting, variable map generation, etc. are all presented. Would recommend this game 10/10.Also I found a game-breaking exploit but I won't tell because it'll get patched if I do."
76561198138256410,Recommended,313120,19123775,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Purple stuff,"paddle simmulator, and the whole time you play it never stops raining. no im kidding its a good game but the boats are SO SLOW i mean half of my time is wandering around trying to find lashings! but besides wandering around for  a hour and getting attacked by a shark 3 times, ive enjoyed my time so far! 8/10"
76561198081909728,Recommended,313120,19276165,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nightfang,"6/10Really good game, emerses you in a world of survival. 10/10Kinda glitchy, I admit. 9/10IT'S LAGGIER THAN BLACK MESA (Not low-end PC friendly.)!! 6/10But go ahead, if you have a dang good computer.  :)"
76561198073660092,Recommended,313120,19279482,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BananaScrambler,"The new update is incredible. The performance has gone up dramatically from the previous experimental build. Still a few minor bugs that I've found, but nothing major. The map editor is a great feature & I think I may get more enjoyment out of that than the game itself, but it'll be a close call.  Fantastic survival game though & definitely worth buying."
76561198047217265,Recommended,313120,19298980,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,cartersvilleranger,"The game is great, esspesially if you're a Castaway fan starring Tom Hanks.  The only complaint I have is 2 things.  One, the islands could be bigger with more resources.  and two, I haven't been rescued yet and have been surviving for almost a year now in real time."
76561198067575027,Recommended,313120,19301315,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Itta Pupu,"how do you join the experimental branch? Seems like a lot of fun! ive already got the game, so im just wondering how to get the goods"
76561198176212625,Recommended,313120,19308550,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,___Special_KiD___,Best Tom Hanks simulator game.
76561198090082237,Recommended,313120,19308875,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,RoboticSoldier,How do you get expiramental
76561198256007156,Recommended,313120,19400812,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Awsomeguy13567,its a good game
76561198034077301,Recommended,313120,19404219,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kitamara,"I got thiss game 2 days ago and I love it. Sometimes it's stressful when I can't find the island I started building on (lol), but I'm finding it hard to put down. I start the game up and before I know it, it's been hours. Recommend this game to anyone who likes survival games. And the ambient sounds of the fire crackling and the waves hitting the shore is awesome."
76561198180867575,Recommended,313120,19423383,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,measterbrook,good game exept needs a little more action. but one out of ten it is a eight.six.
76561198159199967,Recommended,313120,21773192,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,MageXC9,i rekamend the game but ask for a multiplayer
76561198206039551,Recommended,313120,21793431,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CR4SHM4STER86,its pretty good especially if youre afraid of the ocean! gives you the creeps...
,Recommended,313120,21835769,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kalamity,Cool game man gj! 10/1+
76561198265064368,Recommended,313120,21903802,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,malcolm.arrowood,Love this one...hard as hell. Great challange....Still cant get past the damn huge shark!
76561198272088715,Recommended,313120,22028991,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pillsbury_DoughBoy,For some reason there was no tutorial for me and no acheivements also. Other than this it is very good game it can get a bit laggy at times but it is only for short amounts of time.
76561198291090878,Recommended,313120,22035979,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kadenstevens030,mine did not start right but grate game
,Recommended,313120,22108825,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Kaylini,Soooo AWESOME!!
76561198106305381,Recommended,313120,22117212,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,GameCornerNUKE,"This game... 10/10Amazing Graphics.Amazing StorylineAmazing animalsIm going to say this again, 10/10 -ProGamerWorth $15 Actually worth $25Recommended"
76561198040024254,Recommended,313120,22120693,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,EziosBladeZ,The game was amazing to begin with I played many hours. Since The games original release it has gone up and down on a crazy roller coaster. I for one was waiting on co-op being implimented but it still hasn't been and seems to be nothing in sight about it. One of my other issues with the game is the community surrounding it there are so many volitile people. I'll stand up for this games right to take it slow and make it work but I'll also say I'm a little dissapointed.
,Recommended,313120,22145486,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bard on the beach,"super fun game, hoping developers add more because after you get the basics of surviving down there are less and less challenges outside of mindlessly diving for more loot. nonetheless an amazing game to play while watching a film on the side or listening to a stream in the background."
,Recommended,313120,22593160,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,7th Grade Piska,Great survival game!
,Recommended,313120,22597422,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,fun
76561198102227308,Recommended,313120,19152534,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Shadow Wilson,"The game is awesome. its intese, hard, fun, and overall a very good game. i cant wait for the rest to be completed so we can see what the final outcome for it is. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,313120,19317511,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Evil_Simi,Absolutely LOVE this game. It's a little slow to start out but once you get the basics down it becomes pretty addictive. Stay alive!
76561198121054120,Recommended,313120,21659394,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,moses.ideka,I cant wait until this releases as a official game. I invested well and cant wait for whats to come
,Recommended,313120,22595885,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,HarveyG,"To start this review off I'll open with how much I fear open water; alot. This game triggers that fear so effectively, and embodies everything I loved about the movie Cast Away at the same time. Now I know what you're thinking if the game triggers my fear of open water why do I play it, and the answer is simple the game; though in it's infancy, is what I have been looking for in a survival game, it has base building, the ability to make tools, weapons, and a vehicle, and it is gorgeous to look at.I highly recommend this game for any survival game enthusiasts.My one complaint with it aside from it being nightmare fuel for me, is that my compasses tend to disappear when I enter a new gride square and it loads in the terrain."
76561198190520267,Recommended,313120,19187563,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,bigxander2005,Very good game but i think you need to make it so that you can get the cool stuff a bit sooner but id probably rate it 9/10
,Recommended,313120,19269472,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,a cows best friend,"how do i update my game, and also, TURN DOWN SHARKS AI THAT IS NOT HOW TIGER SHARKS ACT! :)"
76561198131650982,Recommended,313120,21654386,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Electro Vampyre,"Loved it when i bought it back during the summer sale it was great then.  Unfortunately now  its become a complete mess and is very buggy getting stuck caught on edges etcetc.  Very happy with what it was, Very disappointed how it is now so i have reverted back to v0.04H2 and now it great again :D (Thanks for the tip Omen)"
,Recommended,313120,21777282,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Neonskull,Awesome and smooth running survival game :)
,Recommended,313120,21789385,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,terlad,"No gaddamn sharks!?!?!?! i spent 46 minutes swimming in the ocean and there were no sharks, what is this!?!?! cod with no guns and people????"
76561198193122138,Recommended,313120,21936683,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kemperc,the game is amazing and great only thing it needs is multiplayer
,Recommended,313120,22121429,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GoodGuyMATT,"Amazing game great graphics,it remineds me of Castaway there is also a few references that you can find."
,Recommended,313120,22598428,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Lastborntoast5,i
76561198107238066,Recommended,313120,19222246,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,The Funsized Asian,"It's great if you want to play the experimental version. Who wants to play the actual game, am I right? (Edit: Ehhh, they updated it.... I'm ok now, but this edit will go away if they continue doing stuff like this. For now: Reccomended. This game is fun.)"
,Recommended,313120,19270658,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,HANDS MECHANICAL,"Beautiful graphics and a lot of fun for the first few hours of figuring things out.  Novel crafting system (but more than a little janky).  Could become a great survival game but not much content or replayability right now.  Very slow update/release schedule.Also, navigation between islands is a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥exacerbated by the fact all islands look the same outside of render distance.  This might be worth a buy down the road but for now I'd recommend passing."
,Recommended,313120,19351389,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gageatron,Its good just every time i save and quit next time i play my raft is gone :(
76561198091760619,Recommended,313120,19342061,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pool Party Ahri,Very fun and kinda relaxing
,Recommended,313120,21629889,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,💙 Lewdcario 💙,I like Wilson but can u make a purpose for the whistle plz
76561198275825160,Recommended,313120,22056914,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cesegao,"The graphics update is not good,but i can still play,which is good.Devs,pls find a way to decrease more graphics for those lowend pcs pls.This game rating 9/10.A very good game,i recommend to all."
76561198116256739,Recommended,313120,22157443,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DEFCON_one,Very interesting survival based game with huge potential.
76561198074727161,Recommended,313120,14180446,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kickslc,Good game. Cant wait to see what they have in store for the future.
,Recommended,313120,17052764,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Marceline the Vampire Queen,"http://tannerreviews.com/2015/07/14/tanner-reviews-stranded-deep/^ In-depth review by my boyfriend after I showed him the game; I agree, but am going to add a bit.Pros:-I personally love the idea of a physical in-game crafting system; it adds to the immersion.-In some aspects, the realism is very much there. The way the sharks attack is terrifying and accurate -- they approach if you splash around in the water or are wounded, knock into your raft to try and make you fall in, and will drag you deepinto the ocean if you're in shallow water. And the different species of sharks have different behaviors -- Tiger sharks are aggressive and act as previously stated, but others don't really care about you as long as you don't attack them. Other than the sharks, the injuries sustained make sense -- falling from a tall tree can cause you to break a bone; if it's your arm, looking at your watch is a bit difficult.Meh:-I'm pretty okay with it, but it isn't for everyone, so it's not really a pro or a con, but you get dropped into this game with basically no idea what you're doing or how to do it. To me, that's part of the experience -- I mean, if you were stranded on an island, it'd be the same thing: you'd have a vague idea of what you need to do (get food and water, make shelter), but wouldn't quite be sure about how to put it into practice.Cons:-Only one save slot. To start a new game, you have to overwrite your other one. For a game that boasts an almost infinite amount of randomized worlds and different chances of coming across important items in each one, I feel like it's a bit of a slap in the fact to only have one save game. You can, of course, go into the files and move your save to a different location, and then start another game, but that's a lot of effort for just wanting to play again.It has a lot of potential, but it isn't quite there yet. Of course, Standed Deep isn't a finished game. There's still more work to be done, and considering how well done it is right now, I'm hopeful."
76561198153890175,Recommended,313120,15174478,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,D3NB0,Real nice game.
,Recommended,313120,25464503,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Big Moist,The game is getting way better. Development is a little slow but it is progressing.
,Recommended,313120,25465114,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ancient Demon,A little too easy to survive.
,Recommended,313120,25847223,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,djgamer46,its fun but not as good as ark
,Recommended,313120,26138550,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mahngiel,"This game is pretty neat. It's a very relaxing game, so you'll want to play this when you're in a chill state. There's not a lot going on in the game, and it's fairly simple to survive. The exploration is captivating and can definitely be nerve-wracking in the early goings as you scrounge for resources and try to get home before dark.Crafting is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as you have to stockpile all your resources in close proximity of eachother. Combine with crazy collision effects (dropping an item into a pile can cause objects to go flying), it can be a task just to keep your things organized.I'll play a couple hours a week while the game goes through EA, and I'd say it's been worth the $15."
,Recommended,313120,23379642,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,KYS,ok it's working
,Recommended,313120,23659304,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[SPD] Basic_Unknown,"This is a very fun Open-World game where you don't know what to expect. The hours of gamely does not limit the creativity of the game and able to build just about anywhere. (not in the middle of the ocean, sorry!). Though they have removed some of the more fun aspects of the game, like the crafting tutorial, but this is only temporary.. What makes me sad is all of the negative reviews, this game is so under estimated and I recommend you buy it and ignore the negative reviews, its worth your money, trust me you will not regret it."
76561198129524406,Recommended,313120,23665321,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,♋Scotland🔰Forever☯,the only problem with this game is that theres no multiplayer
76561198246929068,Recommended,313120,25078319,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,tristanjwille,if this game had multyplayer it would be the top paid game ever
,Recommended,313120,25363760,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,HugoTheOne,"The first minutes i don't expect this cool things. Finaly i find a survival game where no zombies, or cannibals try to eat me. I don't need to focus on other things, just to survive the day."
,Recommended,313120,25464608,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TheDapperEnding,"I love the game itself the sounds, the sharks and sea life and this game is very unique BUT the lag is real, and I mean real.And Its probabl because im using a windows 7 laptop but still, im playing on LOW graphics mode and its just not working. But I do love this game so much."
,Recommended,313120,25602870,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Elle Bennett,"not a bad survival game, i dont have a lighter just yet for my campfire and coconuts are the only useful source for me haha! it has good graphics, this game takes alot of patience.. if you have patience. 8/10"
76561198281264448,Recommended,313120,25716077,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,skyedragon4848,"This is a really fun game, even though it's not yet complete, and I have seriously been enjoying it! The only issue I've been having is that there seems to be no way to start a fire right now. I've watched others play and they had lighters. Others had to find lighters. Now it says that there are no lighters and you are supposed to be able to start fire with your hand, but it's not working for me. Not sure why, but it is still an all-around good game! Can't wait to see what the creators will add next, and what their plan is for us pyromaniacs! lol"
76561198158337812,Recommended,313120,25797397,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CryPotato,Cast AwayTHE GAME!!!!!!!Great survival gameGood ReferencesAliens
76561198338761734,Recommended,313120,26156416,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,johnsole2005,bit laggy for me and really dark even at day but other than that amazing  4/5stars
76561198178103306,Recommended,313120,26157694,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,zed3059,A very good game   dimond/10 lol
76561198060975491,Recommended,313120,26763290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rooskism,Really fun game if you like harsh survival. It's graphically beautiful and it plays well once you figure out the crafting system. Only cons are that the updates seem a little dissapointing but I know that they probably have their hands full with things under the surface. They have an awesome new feature too where you can create your own island with LOTS of depth. An easy buy for 15$.
,Recommended,313120,27494168,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CloX,just need a badge.
,Recommended,313120,28275657,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Velten,"The game recently had a few updates changing the ocean physics (It looks and feels REAL) new terrain types, new plants, new land animals. I jumped back into it after half a year and am so impressed with the changes. I would highly recommend this game to anyone that likes survival games."
76561198088066677,Recommended,313120,28280250,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,FickleTeddybear,Super underrated game.. Very nice looking and runs great. Lots of fun and it is constantly being updated.
,Recommended,313120,28549562,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,sunguarding,"best game ever this literally helped me because once on a pane we almost crashed luckily over the mic someone said ""leave your tray table up"""
,Recommended,313120,28581842,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ninja!,"I never thought this game would be as fun as it is. When I first started, I thought for sure I wouldn't continue. But then I figured out how everything worked, and then I found another island.. then I found how to sustain myself. Then I figured out how to build a shelter... then I found a tarp..I'm really curious on the replayability long term, but the fact that it's early access and the game keeps changing, we'll see how far it will go."
76561198010634383,Recommended,313120,28644632,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Stillman,"I've had this on my list for some time. Not really into games that aren't finished, you know?  Since it's that time of the year when prices for everything become reasonable I decided to look at it again and read some of ya'lls reviews.After pulling the trigger on it at first I experienced some of the mensioned frustrations, I thought to myself, I wish there was a tutorial on how to work some of the tools and things, but then I realised, hell no!It's more like it really would be, stranded in the middle of nowhere, now I got to fend for myself. I died from snake bites within the first hour of play, the next 5 hours I did have fun and most of those issues wern't issues after all. I started to cache items on the different islands and slowy devised a strategy.... we'll see how the rest goes. If the devs keep up on it, it should be even better than it is already.This game is for adventure, puzzle, strategy, and resource management. In it's un-finished state I would rate it a solid 8/10"
76561198339520388,Recommended,313120,28654043,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bpenguin06,"The game is great! you take the role of a survivor of a plane crash in the south pacific, There are shipwrecks you can find and loot! you can build, chop down trees! XD You need food, water, and sleep to survive. if you run out you slowly start dying. There are sharks that you can hunt and kill just watchout so they dont bite you ;) There's rain, fog, sun. the game is actaully very beauitiful on high graphics"
76561198202118571,Recommended,313120,28956669,Posted: 2 January,all,Phuc_Boi,"Love this game so much. Tho it's just in its early stages, i believe this game will be more awesome in the future."
76561198255731158,Recommended,313120,28959601,Posted: 2 January,all,SpiritGamer0223,"I disliked that it lagged, though I'm sure that's my own fault. Otherwise, I love the concept of trying to survive with the resources you have around you."
76561198114906434,Recommended,313120,28996385,Posted: 3 January,all,MBlay,"I'm on a laptop that's not running as good as she used to, and even on the lowest settings to help performance, this game STILL looks so PRETTY.  I always find my self in awed of just looking at the moonlight shine through the palm trees.  If you enjoy Survival Games, this is a fun little one to play :)"
76561198134514006,Recommended,313120,23842412,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pingu! [Furry] [Timber],"This game is great, The concept of being stranded on an island is a great plan I really recomend this game!The idea of being on an airplane that is crashing is just really scary and being trapped on an island without people is even scarier, i'm happy this game is out on the market and has such an affordable price, Thanks for creating this great simulation/survival game! I'm really ejoying it!(I really recomend this game)"
,Recommended,313120,25065443,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,slimy1245,"I've been playing Stranded Deep since April 2015 and watched the games prograss from a promising survival game to a fairly realistice expiriemce. The game is great and highly reccomend it for those that enjoy a great survival game, amazing veiws, and exploring wrecked boats."
76561198155402404,Recommended,313120,25336551,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ProtoTerra,I initially had a bad a negative review for this game. After given some instruction from the devs and doing a lot of learning I found that the game works better and bugs have been fixed. Thanks beam Team!Note to self and others. Read update notes!
76561198032453716,Recommended,313120,25480308,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ronnin426850,Add the option to be castaway with a gorgeous Swedish beach volleyball babe (and all that follows). Then you'll get 11/10 from me.
76561198043655258,Recommended,313120,25549771,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,peter14353,Love the game and feel that the majority of adverse comments are unfounded. It contiues to get better all the time. Is there an ending to it? Will I finally get rescued? who knows - all I can do now is survive and improve conditions with hope.
76561198058606286,Recommended,313120,25600255,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,jdporkchop,"Still needs more content added but updates come fairly often. What content there is, is good fun and well made. If you enjoy Subnautica and The Forest then get this."
,Recommended,313120,25657198,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pong Lenis,awesome game
76561198295674753,Recommended,313120,25997298,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,I want to fucking die xd,"First of i would like to apologize to the devs, because in my previous review I didn't state the facts that I don't like about this game, so here they are:Pros:- the graphics: they are absolutely beautiful, probably the best graphics I have ever personally seen.- the sea physics: they are very good, I have no problem with them and I think they add a layer of realism to the game.- climbing trees mechanic: again absolutely great, they really help you when collecting coconouts.- thirst mechanic: you can clearly see that the devs put a lot of effort into making this mechanic, it's made so that getting any water is quite difficult and it makes the game more challenging, which is great- sleep mechanic: yet again, it makes the game more challenging- rotting mechanic: the fact that your food rotts, is great...There are many good things about this game, and there are some bad things:Cons:- cooking on an un-upgraded campfire: it's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ of course it isn't a problem when you upgrade the campfire, but in the beginning it is quite difficult- dropping items: when you drop an item, you don't throw it in the direction you are looking, the item you threw just drops on teh ground (this isn't that big of a problem, but it would be nice if it was fixed)- you need a very good PC: in order to run this game at it's full potential, you basicly need a nuclear power plant, the game should be optimized a bit, so people with bad PC-s can play at higher settings.- Bat noises: I understand that they were put into the game to add realism, but all it adds is really, really annoying sounds- the bugs: really not that many, any bugs that do exist are quickly fixedDo I recommend this game, in it's current state, I recommend that you buy it on sale, in a few months, most things that I stated in this review will probably get fixed or altered in a better way.Once that happens, I recommend that you buy this game at it's full price, because it is worth it.*dedicated to the devs*:I apologize again, in my previous review I said that the devs don't listen, they do, and things are getting fixed. And all the bugs I stated in my last review are all because of my hardware, they have nothing to do with the game. So again, sorry ofr the disrespect, this game has a lot of potential and all of that potential will be used."
76561198185440837,Recommended,313120,15633173,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,godmother,这游戏很玩，就是不知道要什么时候才能联机
,Recommended,313120,14535958,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Andrew_The Golden,"A truely amazing game, well oriented and updates keep the game top notch..."
,Recommended,313120,14259671,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ILikePizza,Wilson is in this10/10 Will Wilson again
76561198009880306,Recommended,313120,14601724,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,marlinsboy1,"So far i really enjoy the game, tons of potential for an amazing world. only a few small issues that i run into, but they do not take away from the game very much."
76561198078211114,Recommended,313120,14601087,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MacGyver74,Very well done for still being in Alpha stages. It  is definately a fun way to burn time.
76561198126893955,Recommended,313120,14426098,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,WaffleCrust,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME. everything about it is amazing, although it is rare to find marlins, whales, and great whites, maybe they can make them more easily found.But anyway great game and keep adding creatures. like hammerheads, more fish, eels, rays, saltwater crocidiles, really anything i would care for."
,Recommended,313120,14653523,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Stamps,OMG! Best Game EVER! 1337/10!All it needs is a bug fix for mac. It stops at 89% and I have to wait 2 minutes. D=But I do reccommend the game!
76561198120953203,Recommended,313120,17213816,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mattere✘,"before i used to think the game was repetitive ,but then I found the label maker in an underwater plane and the game suddently became the best game ever 10/10 - label maker"
,Recommended,313120,17219074,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BurbyKurby,Awesome game! Great idea and superb graphics! BRING OUT MULTIPLAYER!
76561198104677292,Recommended,313120,17393626,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,stealthpanther808,"For an experimental game, this is excellent. I can't wait to see what this will be like once it is fully made and becomes an actual  game.  Worth every penny.Sure, some of the physics can be frustrating, but also very rewarding.   Challenging and realistic in how dangerous being stranded would be.Good work so far, and the graphics are very well done."
76561198078143221,Recommended,313120,17713074,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,✪ Stricktus,great survival game cant wait for them to add lots more feature's
76561198155488218,Recommended,313120,17715430,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Rico_Morales,"Great looking survival game, having alot of fun playing it. Well worth the money. Hopefully more is added to the game"
,Recommended,313120,22077203,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Michael Van Gerwen,I have 80 minutes played and I've had the game for over a year. Still waiting on that multiplayer update
76561198108627147,Recommended,313120,22997866,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ozzo,I love this game and i wanna keep playing. but no sharks are spawning ever. it cinda sucks. please fix or tell me what im doing wrong. i'd love to keep playing. Ty!( i still recomend this game :3 really fun if you're into singleplayer survival! )
76561198302901620,Recommended,313120,23059274,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ninjajake2003,Yes i love this game. only problem is i have lots of lag maybe 3-4 fps i look up everything tried everything its still  laggy. BTW im am using a windows 8 with the windows ten update.
,Recommended,313120,23572141,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,madmike,"A game that shows a lot of promise, updates are slow, but the slow paced game is a breath of fresh air in todays FPS mad world... not to everyones taste though,"
,Recommended,313120,27556727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Treehero,"Slow updates and not much content, but hopefully it gets there."
76561198079951263,Recommended,313120,27583554,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Farcide,This is a goodish game for the most part. It is a bit glitchy in some aspects.   Like that you cant obtain the achivments.
,Recommended,313120,17690527,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Colonel Buscemi,"turns on gamegets up to make martini while making bad james bond jokes in the process (shaken not stirred)plane crashes, blames on alcoholismwakes up next day on life boat with paddlegoes to shore and starts making toolsstarts making shelter now that you made toolshalf way done with shelter shark swims through land towards youshark kills you through sandwill always die to the almighty land shark10/10 perfect game"
76561198272325143,Recommended,313120,22987176,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,iMaccaa vX,"i liked how its all set out but some areas could be improved,such as the drinking and eating methods on how easily to drink and eat."
,Recommended,313120,23124926,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,(SHN) ๖ۣۜModernFlip,Cool game that I play in my pasttimes. Not too challenging and it's fun in a very monotone type of way.
,Recommended,313120,16625869,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Max The Claw Machine Dog,"This game is definetly a more original survival game just for the fact its only survival, no mutants monsters dinosaurs zombies just you and your brain to solve problems but when that brain is afraid of the endless layout infront of it called the ocean even more when its filed with sharks its hinders you more than slightly you need to get to other islands for very important gear and if your not willing to go 15 feet close to the water it gets hard fast, so when i decided finnaly to be a big boy and get on my raft and sail to another island for gear i heard the music.... the creppiest thing that you can hear in the middle of the ocean and i look under me and BLAM a big♥♥♥♥♥tiger shark ramming the underside of my raft and i get flipped off im about 15 feet from the raft and 7 feet from the shark i scream like a little girl and get on my raft and quickly get to the island to find the gear that i get for that terriying journey... ""tube air"" air in a canister for Deeper diving I WOULD NEVER GO DEEP ENOUGH INTO THE OCEAN TO NEED THIS NEVER so i went back to my island no problems seeing as i had a compass from the shipwreck on my island and then once i hop out of the raft and me and the raft are both on land... the music i ran to the center of the island and just building my shelter to live there forever no more raft for me thank you. but for serious if you like a bit of exploration just hope you get a compass and a flare 9/10 great exploration and solid early access with minimal bugs but -1 cause i woke people up when i screamed"
,Recommended,313120,17202477,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,sheetro,"At first glance I thought this to be quite a serene setting; beautiful sea water stretching for miles around, warm sunshine beating down on a sandy island, complete isolation, and zero stress.Oh, how wrong was I.There are only so many resources on your starter island, which means sooner or later, you'll have to paddle out. Here I thought it was a quick island hop across some deep water. Little did I know that suddenly all sharks have become JAWS (which is a little ridiculous, but I'm willing to give in to a little fantasy here). So where a leisurely paddle across to island number 2, becomes a frantic race as the shark bumps your raft so you land in the water and it can eat you. If you are bumped off and find yourself in the water, be prepared for some wonderful bugs such as; not being able to get back in the raft, not being able to swim properly, and who can forget this classic: watching your raft literally fly away in the sky as its bumped a mere one time by the ever powerful JAWS shark.Early Access or not, it IS a good game and has a lot of potential. If you're looking for fast and great content updates however, it's not the game for you.The islands are too far apart.A lot of the physics needs changing.The sharks, if we're to keep them JAWS sharks, need to♥♥♥♥♥♥off after a few hours; I've never seen a shark wait three days and two nights circling a tiny spot of water waiting for me to leave. Without rest.It needs more variety; the only island dwelling wildlife are crabs. I also find it strange that only potatoes grow on this island, and disappointed I'm unable to make chips.All in all, I'd give it a rather too generous 7/10. Too many bugs, but has potential. Just need proper, meaty updates to actually happen. Maybe delay buying until then."
76561198077025344,Recommended,313120,17213774,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Robin Wood,"Great game guys! Its easy to tell how much you care about the players of this game! in my opinion it gets rather boring sometimes alone, it need mulitplayer i think it would be very nice addition to the game. You guys keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,313120,17222754,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,KrisM,"**changing from don't recommend, to recommended after playing for several hours now*no auto save? weak, but okay. I should save more often (I know, I knomw early access...)**edit**They fixed moving things/dragging and being launched from the life raft! hooray!I also can't climb, and people say you just look up and climb a tree. Nope. I still can't climb a blessed thing in .04 H2I do like the crafting system, finding new recipes is as easy as piling a bunch of crap together. I think tools degrade a little too quickly, though.A huge weirdity/gripe is I can't seem to use the stupid raft you start with to travel to other islands. I paddle a couple times and then push myself out of it -_- just... wow.And when I have a normal 'campfire' it bugs every time and doesn't stop making the sizzling sound. Then I can't cook food at all until i do an upgrade or two"
76561198148823460,Recommended,313120,17392918,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MissChicken,i love this game
76561198128796620,Recommended,313120,17392934,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,d@nk ku$h,I WOULD LOVE THIS GAME if it had multi player so me and my friend to play together
,Recommended,313120,17399716,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Batman's Dog ™,"I know it's not as fast development as people would like but please devs don't give up on this.. so much potential, I can see it. To summer sale customers considering this title, please pick it up, support the devs towards their goal of making this game compelte and awesome."
76561198222956596,Recommended,313120,17705406,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Troll BoyXD,love it
76561198139755690,Recommended,313120,17712194,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Badass Jugarnourght,"Im judging this game from what ive played so far. It is very fun i got it about a day or 2 ago and i have been playing it quite a bit it is a very interesting game quite complicated at first but when you get used to it, it becomes  really fun."
76561198036019166,Recommended,313120,22934149,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tictactoe_13,"This game has a lot of potential and if the beautiful graphics are any indication, the release version of this game will be fantastic!I have been enjoying this game so far, even despite the few bugs it does have.The water bug was one that stood out, but really if you build a proper water gathering pit you will be fine.I do choke back the occassional swig of ovean water though and turn green because I didn't have my view perfectly on the water gatherer.But visuals are amazing, staying alive is challenging but somewhat reasonable and fair.Crafting is well done and easy to figure out.Traveling between islands of really terrible without a paddle, so don't foget your paddle.\I hope this becomes what it looks to promise upon.The bugs though.  LOL.  Like your guy getting stuck in pixel purgetory and just stands there at the locker of a wreck and chokes in water until he passes out because he won't move anywhere.  WFT?!?!?!?"
76561198219237121,Recommended,313120,23147233,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,slombash,"I definetly recommend this game, but you have to have a decent computer or it's really laggy. Other than that, it's awesome"
,Recommended,313120,23149896,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,gengu shemerder☭,"Stranded Deep is a fun game, don't get me wrong, but I personally think it has a LOT of room for improvment. First, let's start with the good stuff. I think the game has come a long way from its original launch, with many optimization improvments, graphics, gameplay additions and tweaks, and much, much more.Even though this game has many new and extensive randomized worlds to explore, I feel like it gets monotonous fairly quickly. Once you have established a base of operations and a sustainable food supply, exploring doesn't really seem necessary. I have been down this path in the game several times, where I fear going out too far and losing track of where I am, therefor losing my base.The same thing can be said about exploring. The more adventurous you feel, the less obliged you are about building a base you have to keep going back to to store supplies. I feel like this is somewhat what the developers intended, encouraging you to explore and see everything there is to see, but at the same time I feel that it is also something that defeats the point of building structures and settling on an island permanently.Thank you for reading my review on Stranded Deep, and please, please don't feel like my opinion is the word of all and not pick up this game. It is a very fine survival game, and I feel like the first 30 minutes are the funnest. Thanks! :)"
76561198129227682,Recommended,313120,27556737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SvenVäpnare,Stranded Deep is a nice take on the open world genre. Any casual gamer should be able to appreciate what the develpers are doing here.Could use some controller support and co-op.Xpadder is easy to use and make your own controller configuration.Updates seem to be few and far between but the game remains playable & enjoyable.
,Recommended,313120,27759781,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BurningPwnage,"I dont fear sharks in real life, but this game makes me cry in fear"
76561198326810251,Recommended,313120,27860728,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Liam The Great,"The game is good with the right computer, but it doesn't work very well on mine."
76561198162852620,Recommended,313120,18019337,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Donutriot123,"it is  a great game with loads of cool things to do like crafting, making a house and many other things"
76561198087644550,Recommended,313120,22714383,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ghost Dog,"This game has a ton of potential! The graphics are very pretty! If the game was updated more often with more things that happen (big huricans, storms, MULTIPLAYER, etc). This game has a very bright feauture and if it keeps updating i can see it as one of the most popular survial games on steam. (i have alot more hours BTW, it got glitched and reset them)"
76561198143846876,Recommended,313120,17201320,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,The Serpent,"if u add some big islands more air tank arrow more annimals (monkeys,mice etc.) in islands dolphins in water and if u can crate typical boat with sail and u will make sail with the cloths u find boat with woods and rope to put them together and if u can add different siphsinks an a powerful light to se underwAter and if character can use both item in the same time game would be amazing(sry for the bad english)"
76561198174021870,Recommended,313120,17211640,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Claytonamor15,"Ok so this game is in early devlopment and a lot of people say no and I understand that but it was to my understanding that two guys were working on it and said that they werent the best so in saying that I believe this game will contiune to get better and better.AS OF NOW:right now this game is enjoyable, while the content  is ""low"" its still very intense, for example when you get tipped over by a shark and almost eaten. The ship wrecks and Islands can be the same but always enjoyable.WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE:I would like to see much larger islands in the game like with mountains and waterfalls.I would like to see more animals maybe birds (that you can kill) more sharks and more sea life (like jellyfish)I would like to see a way to get rescued like maybe you make a Flare gun (which are in the game) and you Shoot it when a helicopter flys, over something of the sort.I would like to see wounds on animals for example when you stab a shark he has a scar so you can kind of have like a mortal enamy.PROS:*Sharks*Stingray*Crab*Whales*OpeningCONS:*Not enough rocks on islands*To many sharks*Not enough food*stingrays can phase through the land*fire glitchs a lotOver all I think this game is great and has great potental and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,313120,17385644,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Jamesey-Poo,So I have this friend.He saw this game and instantly loved it.He hyped it and overhyped it such.He memorized all of the crafting recipes.He knew all of the tricks for survival.He knew how to make the best houses.He begged me for it.I was broke so all I could do was let him play on my laptop.He got some money.All he talked about was Stranded Deep.He finally got it and was so excited.He only played it for 1.4 hours then cast it aside to play Unturned and H1Z1.10/10 would listen to non-stop bullcrap again.
76561198026840966,Recommended,313120,17392674,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,BuffyFreak,An awesome concept. Really wish there was a codex or something to help you build things since it's soooo complex crafting system. Also a bit more lenient on finding some things. Or making finding things like medical supplies or things to make them a bit easier. 12 hours in and I had an awesome hut and lots of supplies and fire pit and then a shark bite later and I'm gone for good even though I survived it and killed the shark like a boss....because I couldn't ever find medical supplies. Even Google failed me...
,Recommended,313120,22898758,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,WhiteSheep,"Game is going to be great if they keep working on it. UI is extremely clunky and hard to use currently. Cant tell a cooked peice of food from a raw, sea water from boiled water, etc... Also content is seriously lacking(you can do everything there is to do in this game in a few hours, other than explore for more of the same handful of items in the game).All that said, its a good base for a game, and hopefully they continue with progress(UI fixes soon hopefully, then content/items). It is early access so content lacking isnt really a dealbreaker. Buy it now cheap so when its released for $30 you got a deal.Recommended, but keep the issues above in mind."
,Recommended,313120,22987528,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"This game is great. Start with only a lighter and break rocks to sart your adventure. The game is very beautiful. You can scavenge rusty, sunken ships. Build shelter. But best of all, get mauled by one shark and soon get mauled by over 9000 sharks! Also, there is a hilarious Castaway easter egg."
76561198066779494,Recommended,313120,23028943,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Budman129C,"Stranded Deep is a really fun game to play. If you are looking for a realistic survival game to play, this is your game. but i recommend this game to anyone who likes castaway and hard survival games.one small problem i have noticed though. Not sure if this is just me but it seems that after patch 0.15 my game performance has gone down hill. i use to run 30-35 fps nicely but after 0.15 i have to turn all settings down to medium just to get over 20-25 fps. right now im running barely 30 fps with the clouds shut off and everything turned down. i know this game is early access but i hope the dev.take the time to read reviews and to address issues in their game. but overall i give this game a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,313120,27562039,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2Pac-Man,"Fantastic! A few development humps had to met, and debately were or were not. One of the best survial games I've played."
,Recommended,313120,27887263,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Freedom Fries,"This game is amazing. I have played it since literally day one of its release, and I find it to be fantastic. The crafting system is great, as well as the graphics and general gameplay. The only thing they need to do now to make it a complete game is to add in a system for being rescued. Or even make it to where you could sail to the mainland somwhere. That would totally round this game out."
76561198061680746,Recommended,313120,14569596,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Solarizeman,"fun game, will be better when there is more to craft and do. A co op mode would be awesome to i think. Maybe make things a little quicker to do (cooking, rowing ect) Still got my moneys worths with whats available so far."
,Recommended,313120,35140148,Posted: 22 September,all,Gordanfreeman and barney,"shark,plane crash,survior!,and every other island survival thin cool right!"
,Recommended,313120,14666167,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,< blank >,10/10 u can kill a shark
,Recommended,313120,14252559,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Blue,"As it is currently in its early stages of development, Stranded Deep may not contain many features in terms of gameplay. However, what is currently present is very promising, and provides a great example of what could come.The current crafting system is pretty dynamic, but is limited by the lack of content currently in the game. Still, basic survival beats such as harvesting food from the environment, collecting materials to build tools, and some minor looting makes for a solid start. However, in my opinion, this isn't why I came to Stranded.What really makes this game interesting are the pockets of bubbling water across the game world that indicate a possible point of interest below the water. The catch is that the waters are infested with sharks. This, combined with the pitch-black depths that the character can dive to, really adds a layer of anxiety that I haven't gotten from any other game in a long time. Dark water terrifies me, and this game does a very good job at driving this fear home.To recap, this game may not have a ton of features, but those that it does are very polished, and provide a very unique experience."
,Recommended,313120,15329398,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,✪ apple,I love this game as it is a bit laggy but its my favorite game i have the survival on islands and the thill of sharks now thats what i call a game
,Recommended,313120,14128569,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Riso,"The graphics on this game are absolutely incredible. It's beautiful. I did get stuck in the hatch of a ship being unable to haul myself out, then proceeded to rapidly shank a tiger shark."
76561198060311922,Recommended,313120,14447480,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TJ Juckson,Solid.
76561198132326850,Recommended,313120,14848049,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Swimteam,Best survival game in awile!
76561198167172943,Recommended,313120,15258576,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,daddydavid1989,"Hello all.I have been playing Stranded Deep for a few days now and the overall feel of the game is fantastic. The graphics are to die for onland but in the shark infested water that's a whole new scene. The game play as i have seen seem's to be pritty smooth and there is plenty to do for all you Tom Hanks CAST AWAY lovers out there. Crafting, salvaging, Hunting ect.BUT BUT BUT ...... Since the game is not finished as yet it is understandable that it is repetative. There is no sort of story line or goal. There is not to much to collect unless you wish to have doubles. I a,m unsure if it is going to be going co-op so you can join others but in my feeling the game need to have a little more and this is the list- More to crafting ie buildings and rafts also even ships would be nice like a rowing boat to then put a motor on it.- More water life with a reason to be there like the ray fish there is no reason for it the wale if you could kill that for meat you would be living for a long time but that is what the co-op would need a big part in dragging one of the beasts on your own would be impossable lol.- More weapon crafting like a rifle to help with ocean life but also sky life like birds-Sky life mentioned above more life in the sky due to there is not any if i went to the sea/ ocean and there was no seagals i would start to think lol.- Different collection of clothing because as you all no the temp meter will be working as the beam team is working on fixing faults there.- Also would be good for diffrent metals so you could smelt them and fix the bigger boats you see on your map.I only state some of these thing's due to the game at first seems big and it is but after a bit you will feel there is not to much to do. I am not trying to put a downer on your game play due to this is a very good game. It just need more meening and more stuff behind it all.If you agree please leave a message even leave one if you think i am wrong."
76561198135952807,Recommended,313120,15101592,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Daeejoon,please add multipleplayer
,Recommended,313120,29773974,Posted: 7 February,all,Eurx,"Background: I've played Stranded Deep when it was in it's really early beta. Playing that was super exciting because it was a survival game.However, playing the most recent version of Stranded Deep I'd say it's a 9/10. Under here I will state all the good things and some things that can be approved on this game.GRAPHICS:The graphics are pretty solid, does require a bit more in a GPU than most would think to squeeze out those FPS. (Side note: I get 79-120 FPS on 2560x1080) When it rains it dips to under 50FPS but it's not a huge thing to worry about.GAMEPLAY:I found myself wondering how fast in world time went by, from constructing a shelter to setting up a hobo grill. There's a lot to this game than meets the eye. This game is really incredible on how survival in the islands would be, the water is super detailed.When you find yourself underwater in this game, it's a struggle. Sharks, Manta Rays, Little Fishes & Sunked Ships w/ loot!They really nailed the underwater to be the deep waters in real life.The developer for sure did an excellent job polishing the crafting menu and crafting tools for this game. It's super easy to understand how to create things in the game with it's mini-tutorial as you play. It's not annoying like other games tutorials, it sets you right into the game.THE ""EH"" PART:The tools you create are incredible, but they wearout way faster than most tools in other games. I'd say it's almost balanced but there are some weapons that aren't as balanced. This isn't really a huge deal to me, but it would be nice to see some improvements on that note.FUTURE OF THE GAME:I'd honestly wish they possibly would implement online in this game. I'm sure eventually the developer will make it, but It would totally spice up the gameplay in this game. Maybe possibly, anyone can attack eachother islands Etc.Will it get boring? I'd say it's possible, It's not that easy to obtain all of the weapons and craft everything out. There is a lot of content as is comparing to the early beta versions. So far so good!OVERALL:I would without a doubt recommend this game, even at the price that it is on Steam. There is a huge potential in this game, and wouldn't mind recommending it to anyone who loves survival games.An Online addition would be incredible and would totally get a 10/10 if that."
76561198020127064,Recommended,313120,14382004,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Demon99088,This game is amazing! Would recommend to anyone! Ready for more updates!!!
,Recommended,313120,15353891,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,☭,"This game is seriously awesome! Plane crashes, shark attacks and sunken ships!Still it needs an update..."
,Recommended,313120,14403801,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,VidKo,"I really like the survival aspect of the game, but it soon gets repeatative. Yes, it is an early access game, but unless they add larger islands with caves, ponds, streams, hills, valleys, plane wrecks, old WW2 bunkers etc... to explore, the game won't have any replay value. Current ingame islands are just too small. Developers are saying they want us to feel desolate and forgotten. This can also be achieved with a big island."
76561198147155717,Recommended,313120,14272119,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,WarHawk,Stranded deep is a really good game the only bad things that i found is if u open the hatch of a boat and go im sometime you will not be able to get out. Also they should add more things that you can craft like a backpack or a door or like a chest that u can put on your raft
,Recommended,313120,14256720,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,A British Rail Class 66,Best get eaten by a scary♥♥♥♥♥shark simulator.
,Recommended,313120,24316019,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Hqinusa,an super fun game with some minor glitches but besides that its worth getting
,Recommended,313120,29493336,Posted: 25 January,all,UnicornSoldier,"This is a really fun game, but the only thing I want more for it is multiplayer. Please make happen."
76561198202222326,Recommended,313120,24197218,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ProPlayer,"I think that this game is awesome and exciting. It gives you a lot of exploring, which I like doing, and I find it fun just running around islands cutting down trees and looking for food and other things that could be useful. It just got snakes that I think you can't kill and sharks which I'm pretty sure you can kill and they are pretty much the only things that try to kill you in this game. I like the beginning intro and what they changed with the way you use the boats now. I think Stranded Deep is a fun and exciting game to play and I hope that the creators of Stranded Deep keep updating it and I hope that other people will like this game like I do."
,Recommended,313120,14421303,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ElbowGeese,Incredible! this game blew my mind when I first launched it and continued to blow my mind through incredible graphics that seemed to run at an exceptional frame rate no matter what the graphic setting for my iMac. I look forward with much excitement to see what comes next in this amazing early axcess. Look out this game is going to make waves!
,Recommended,313120,24055351,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Name's Clemens,"I think that Stranded Deep is a good game that could use some improvements. I like the generated worlds, and the survival aspects. It feels like your supposed to survive and explore, which I like. It does have it's bugs and can lag at times, but I only found either happening maybe once or twice. Overall I think it's really fun, and would recommend!"
76561198099280675,Recommended,313120,14142675,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Filthy Diarrhea,"*First impressions review*Ultra Specs (That are currently in game)GTX 7608320fx Cpu8gb RAMPros of this game:-Graphics are very nice, great textures, 1080p, 60fps, no dips that I can recall.-Day and night cycle is beautiful to watch-Unique crafting system.-Climb the trees :]-Lots of places to loot-VERY deep ocean (bring a flashlight is all Ill say).-Decent amount of items and things to do so far.-Responsive and detailed lighting/shadow tech.Cons of this game:-Sharks are, at this point, very kitten like.=It would be nice to see them be able to knock your raft over, maybe try to submerge your raft or sometimes lunge at the player (I.e. make me more afriad of sharks!)-Waves and water are not dynamic and do not seem to affect the raft, or player much or at all.-Exploration, for me, was frustrating.=I got trapped several times in hatches because there was no way up and back out of the hatch. I now aviod them.-Crafting can be difficult to learn at first, but that can be exciting!-Some obvious bugs but the devs have promised a fast squishing of ""as known"" bugs-If handholding is your thing, there are not many tutorial tips or hints.I reccomend, this is a GOOD early access game. For the price, you should support this game to see it hit beta."
,Recommended,313120,15724106,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,﹏⎛⎝❀Gaza❀⎠⎞﹏,"Stranded Deep is ... New.New games are usually basic, not at its full potential BUT is but! This game is... Fantastic! i play it when i am calm or in the mood to be calm. it is beautiful. astonishing, heart entreaging and just like the movie Cast Away.... Soul Grasping, you have the NEED to survive.. I loved it. my experience with Stranded Deep is great. and the best part... It can be updated at anytime for it is only on its way to become a survival as popular as the forest and minecraft. So much potential and already great10/10 loved it! (OuO)"
76561198103607562,Recommended,313120,14654618,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheClaytie1,this is fun game
76561198083458131,Recommended,313120,15807454,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dank memes bruh,pick up sticks simulator 10/10
,Recommended,313120,14144073,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DØD VED KØLLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Made the biggest mistake yet.... Accidently throwed my paddle down into the ocean when it was a rainy weather and then I saw a shark, and yes they scare the sh*t out of me....."
,Recommended,313120,14364023,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,CanadianBacon,Best game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,313120,14429849,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TFCarrot,7.8/10 too much water
76561198207353959,Recommended,313120,24163214,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rodent,"This isn't a hardcore survival game, it is more casual than others but thats not a bad thing. When you are underwater it feels  like you are accualy swimming, and the tension of a possible shark attack is always present.Great game if you enjoy basebuilding and casul survival, however I wouldnt recommend it for anyone looking for a hardcore survival game."
76561197970277085,Recommended,313120,29785835,Posted: 8 February,all,bigdruid,"I was one of the people who found it from a youtuber in its it early stages (back in 2015) and I instantly fell in love it was my favorite game of all time, Then came the updates. After several updates I could not find any up to date mods for this game and what made stranded deep special slowy but surely dissapered. Now we have a game which is like rust but worse in many ways. However after tons of updates it is stilll a fun game that I enjoy, although IMO it is worse then it was in 2015. I will post a positive review however because while it is not the old stranded deep that I loved I still enjoy the game and think those who are new will enjoy it."
76561198042238596,Recommended,313120,14538735,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ynnad,Support this game! i see potential...POTENTIAL EVERYWHERE!!!
76561198085576375,Recommended,313120,14830199,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,dudeness426,"Great game. Love the concept and realistic feel, but NEEEEEEEDS multiplayer. I understand being alone in a plane crash in the middle of the pacific, but it gets pretty boring and repetative alone."
,Recommended,313120,14997789,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Babaa,"Can easily say one of the best survival/adventure games ive ever played.One thing that could improve it would definitely be a multiplayer option, it would keep the game fresh!10/10 would definitely reccomend!"
76561198298576985,Recommended,313120,24099207,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dashydonut,i loved the peacful sun seats in my hut and all the searching and exploring involved. all ididnt like was that ounce you have a farm and some water things theres no urge to go anywhere anymore:(.i think it needs a story line as well.
,Recommended,313120,24259253,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,HoodedB,Perfect. What else neds to be said?
76561198075863087,Recommended,313120,14243523,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Raiz,FInally...i was waiting for a Survival game like this......i was waiting for a survival game where we have to survive in the random island :3 really really like it
,Recommended,313120,14172586,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,jOEL,Flew into the sky on a shark.10/10
,Recommended,313120,14127635,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Monica,"THIS GAME IS F******** AWESOME lol , i know there is a small learning curve like i thought the craft system was broken or not there but then i figured out u have to gather everything and throw it unto a pale and then u can craft something stuf flike that , but it rly fun though probably the 2nd best survival game for since h1z1 :P bought both this and h1z1 and didnt regret it , these games are fresh ,and very new to early access so u will see bugs,maybe even temporarly gamebreaking ones, but its all going to get fix, and if the game is good already with them bugs just wait till its bug free how good itll be so yes defently worth a buy for a survivalist lover, and the price is just right 14,99 euro for same as dollars 15bux for  a game that will shine and probably be even better then the forest which it is already , and it was just released 2 hours ago lol"
76561198014025308,Recommended,313120,32733407,Posted: 24 June,all,5hit,"""How did Jack get off the island?""""Well, I'll tell ye. He waded out into the shallows and he waited there three days and three nights till all manner of sea creatures came acclimated to his presence. And on the fourth morning, he roped himself a couple of sea turtles, lashed them together and made a raft.""""He roped a couple of sea turtles?""""Aye, sea turtles."""
76561198039473236,Recommended,313120,14141668,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,CapN DvS,"Lately there have been some terrible attempts of the survival genre released to steam, but Stranded deep brings a fresh new feel especially with the crafting and lonesome atmosphere being stranded on a small island with minimal resources.. of course you can just traverse to another one of the neverending generated islands surrounding your island, but then risk the capsizing of your raft and facing a group of great whites!Forget The Forest, this is what true survival is all about."
,Recommended,313120,14207713,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TheTrollsCreed,i deforested my island using a rock shard ....11/10 ~IGN
76561198032057888,Recommended,313120,14134149,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Noo Noo's Revenge,"Great early access game, even with my limited knowledge of the game (So much more to do and so much more to explore). The game looks down right beautiful! Gameplay is very smooth, glad I bought it! Not similar to ""The Forest"" at all (ignore the people saying it is) The size of the environment is massive and there is plenty to do, explore and most importantly survive on. Of course there are slight bugs, but theyre small ones, nothing game breaking at all, I barely notice them AKA they hardly happen. But glitches and bugs are to be expected! Its an early build! And albeit early, this game has HUGE potential, the devs are willing to listen and respond to feedback (As mentioned on the product page) which is absolutely fantastic! Theres much more I could say but... I gotta get back to playing ASAP! Its definitely worth backing/buying! Good job devs! :D"
76561198182346295,Recommended,313120,23972552,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,firelight44,great game the new version is out its better islands are bigger and new stuff try this game.you can also get to the old version and new back and fourth if you want. this is how.  right click on stranded deep in library click proporties betas then u see no opt click on it and click the other virsion listed .to get back just do the same thing but this time select no opt for the new version.you can look at all of the reveiws on this game that are bad but dont listen to them.sure there is some small bugs but half or more of the reviews that pepole have writen that are bat have been fixed or are getting fixed right now. this game gives a great happy vibe and it happens to be the first game i ever got on steam. its also the reason i got steam. so if you are reading this revew now please go buy this game. it will not disapoint you. thare are tons of new items to craft and find. chop palm trees and chop the logs into sticks.get the coconuts that feel out of the palm tree. use your tool to get the hull off. hit it agan and pick it up to drink it. whack it a few more times and eat it.EDIT:please remove the pine trees.
,Recommended,313120,14138076,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Covfefe,"Only had one glitch, fell through a boat and had infinate sharks attack me... this was also my save point.All in all 9.5/10 for an Alpha launch. Expecting big things. Loving it so far!"
76561198068772368,Recommended,313120,14211184,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,IRONBALLS,great fun to play..just found a large humpback whale and it happend to swim though my island moving all my resorces everywhere lost 3/4 boat parts but it was still nice to see such a creature... p.s u cant take revenge on it ethier as i try'd to hit it well over 200 times with a machetee lollove the fact rafts are fixed :) hopefully u will make somethin more for trasporting island stuff :)
,Recommended,313120,33424778,Posted: 10 July,all,Borna22091,"After 4 hours of playng im happy that i bought this game,very chalenging and fun. If having a chance to get this game get it."
,Recommended,313120,14196200,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,WeeWeee,The most amazing game :°°°°°Nice graphics ...Nice Crafting ...Nice Gameplay ...Nice GAAAAMMMMMMEEEEE
76561198023747157,Recommended,313120,14198961,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Killerbananer,Grew some balls of coconuts and attacked a shark and i started a shark killstreak and killed 3 sharks in a row.GR8 GAME 8/8 would paddle again
,Recommended,313120,14143693,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dipsky,Day 1: built fire pit and bed. Then chasing a tiger shark with a pocket knife.. failedDay 2: built a small hut. Then chasing another tiger shark with a spear.. failedDay 3: supplies depleted.. hopped in to the life raft... suddenly the raft gone! Then chased by 3 great white shark.. DEAD!10/10
76561198057869849,Recommended,313120,16115692,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Bee,"This is a beautiful Game, but if it was co-op it would make it so much more enjoyable."
76561198011290740,Recommended,313120,16040849,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,EvilSpock,"Personally I find the game to be a bit shallow at the moment, and that it needs some major changes to bring it to the next level. But it has serious potential if the devs can keep at it.Do recommend 7.8/10"
76561198129451009,Recommended,313120,19305263,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,K288,Great game slow alpha but has potential.
76561198069812720,Recommended,313120,19385677,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Lord Nelson,"Despite still being in very early access Stranded Deep is a promising game that offers a beautiful and immersive survival adventure.The isolation and vulnerability of being stranded feel very real in Stranded Deep as food, water and supplies are sparse. Leaving your island to search for the essentials of survival is risky, you can get easily lost and scouring shipwrecks for loot is difficult amid circling sharks.It doesn't matter how long I spend in this game, the sharks still get my heart pumping and the world is stunning.There's so much more to be put into this game yet and don't expect a full release any time soon - but already there is a great gaming experience to be had in the early access."
,Recommended,313120,21896575,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HeWhoDies,"I like it. For what it is, it's made amazingly well.Survive the crash, get to an island, start surviving. Only end game is death or abandonment.I like how the crafting is simple, but in the same way complexe. A little irked that you need to ""hold the hammer"" to build something out of wood, although for realism, you can't build♥♥♥♥♥♥without a hammer. So I'll give it that. lol.So far, haven't ventured into the water too much. Last time I did, Shark came for my balls. I love my balls. I'd like to keep them. So I try to survive off potatoes and coconuts. Not working out great so far, but its a temp solution.8/10 would recommend this game. If anything, it's a nice way to kill time. Now that you can save and resume your game (last time I had played it restarted every launch), it's makes it more interesting to play."
,Recommended,313120,21939364,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Spider Bear ♜,cool
,Recommended,313120,19387298,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,And - unac.dk,"I like this game, I must confess. I can play Robinson Crusoe!A little ""but""... development has been quite slow to the consumer as of late. The many things on their to-do list regarding content has yet to be added. Perhaps I am just impatient."
76561198096980934,Recommended,313120,19307400,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tiny,hi if been playing this game for a long time now i saw a video of the new update coming out the only thing i would want to see in this awsom game is multiplayer where i can invite some of my friends to come help me on my island
76561198123504866,Recommended,313120,19383134,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,Verry great game. There are verry few realistic survival games like this one out there.
76561198158206855,Recommended,313120,19401750,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ethanzcooper,"i luv the game, but i cant get updates. pls help"
,Recommended,313120,22162021,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Red_pencil_artist,it's way to laggy and it crashes alot but when i get it working it's so cool to play on! I would play it all day!
,Not Recommended,313120,35079121,Posted: 20 September,all,Chinesemen,"I loved it before, when the game was released. This thing was amazing, beautiful and interesting. Dear Devs, please make this game great again like it used to be."
76561198131514561,Recommended,313120,29380653,Posted: 20 January,all,Chaserz,"This game used to be quite limited but as the updates that they brought out, Lots of things have improved such as the crafting menu; UI this includes the backpack has been changed which in my opinion is an amazing improvement compared to the backpack menu that was in the game. Im unsure as to whether this game has been optimised but its still great no matter the case.This game would be even better if there was a multiplayer aspect but as the store states the game is still in early access so bugs and issues are still to be expected as things are improved / changed within the game. The multiplayer aspect i would like to see after the game leaves Early Access as it then gives players a chance to experience the game in all its glory.Overall this game earns a nice 10/10 due to the content which has been added recently. It's a great game"
,Recommended,313120,29290867,Posted: 15 January,all,zacharycooldude,I like how you have to service after a plane crash
76561198232333984,Recommended,313120,34619490,Posted: 30 August,all,Mrs.OrlinkaParova ;),kek
,Recommended,313120,18594416,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Killforfun,"The game is ok but the game needs more craftable items and needs to fix those glitches that everyone hates,"
76561198248982074,Recommended,313120,18965177,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,nickkp3553,gets boring after a wile
,Recommended,313120,19040062,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TDG hellcase.com,is very cool if you like ocean :D
76561198174632526,Recommended,313120,19446281,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,UltimateGameboy,love it it's so cool to play and it looks so real
76561198170223570,Recommended,313120,19464583,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Kevinwww5,this game is very differnt then other games it uses a very fun but chalenging building and crafting mechanics. this game is for those who want challeng i have had many fun times in this game. JUST REMEMBER IF YOU GO INTO EXPERIMENTAL MODE AND THEN GO BACK TO NORMAL MODE (YOU WILL LOSE ALL YOUR PROGRESS)
,Recommended,313120,19896025,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Games Rules,Great Survival Game
,Recommended,313120,19898476,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KlaytonwithaC,Ive been here sense day one and Ive been through 2 way different computers (switche from mac to pc) and over that time this game improved so much I thought I was looking out a window into the Pacific Ocean.Funny side note your water bottle can be put into your fish trap XD.
76561198076526602,Recommended,313120,19994664,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ChickeN DinneR*Beijer Bygg,"Stranded deep is overall a good game, but it's far from perfect. The first 15 hours of playing it i enjoyed it and it was interesting. Then it got repetitive and really boring. But still 15-20 hours of enjoyable gameplay is not bad for an early access game.Graphics: 10/10. Gorgeous graphics both in the day and in the night.Sound: 7/10. The sounds are how they should be. Nothing special but still good.Gameplay: 5/10. This is were they could really improve the game by adding more stuff to do.Overall: 7/10. Good game with lots of potential, but it can get repetetive. I'd say it is worth buying."
76561198122610807,Recommended,313120,20430462,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,✪I'AmWayTooBad,It is a really cool game. But since the last Update my game is lags very hard.
76561198136685350,Recommended,313120,20575167,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Darkwatch12,I had a grand time collecting things but swimming from island to island was a hassle until i realized that my tree riding skills from the last update were not diminished for i rode my mighty log into the sunset. That was until i got to high in the air and was afraid and fell off my flying log to my death... I deleted the game. 10/10 would fly again
,Recommended,313120,22579794,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FireyMan,"Its a really good game, everyone should get it!"
,Recommended,313120,24960556,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nissan GT-R,real life minecraft
76561198102093684,Recommended,313120,25856748,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,gametron59,A beautiful looking game with a really expansive world and interesting gameplay mechanics.Pick this game up if you enjoy survival games like The Forest or RUST
76561198144302029,Recommended,313120,26081366,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Skystrike,I do not recomend this game it can be verry boring rowing from iland to island and even when you get to the island they are all the same in general. although the graphices are beautiful they are verry realistic.I rate this game a 5/10
76561198306183182,Recommended,313120,28516525,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ganzbuddy5,this game is awsome its worth your money
76561198192536858,Recommended,313120,28748093,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CHAPATI,I have just bought this game because of the awsom survival and that u can find lots of islands but i there is only one island in the map. i cant evin choose my map.! could please sombody tell me what is happening
,Recommended,313120,19039764,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,WeWereSeriouslyScared,At least funny
76561198157771671,Recommended,313120,19470502,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Xenomorph,love this game!!! just cant wait for coop to play with friends !!!!!!!!!
76561198044703844,Recommended,313120,19480525,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ardesco7,"i am 70 years old and a game player from way back..This game has some great contentHowever..Please can i find a homing beacon..It is no fun to  get lost, and loose your Home Island , House etc..Searching in the dark would be ok if the lights had a strong  "" up beam..?The sharks are fine, but the game needs what has been  used by countless Tribes in isolation, a BOW AND ARROW SET...and please, some wild life, a snake or two would liven up things, and a Parrot or six, to look at not eat  lol"
,Recommended,313120,20013357,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sunnydoggs,awsome game to play need better graphics for my computer it runs a bit slow on my computer.
76561198157621304,Recommended,313120,20032984,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Andre,Needs some work but its starting to look a great game. lack of action/hunting or being hunted :/
76561198084307269,Recommended,313120,20039463,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lggarry,"I like the game alot and it is amazing to explore. When I first got the game I thought there was going to be sharks and fish everywhere trying to kill me and I still want that, but it doesn't have that. It is purely a survival game. I have 6 hours in the game and I have encounterd one shark and only because I started to swim to the bottom of the sea looking for one. So buy it for the survival and devs put in more sharks and dangers please."
,Recommended,313120,20097923,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GonzoPR,"Cool game, if you don't like sharks"
,Recommended,313120,20104393,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TacticalTux™,There is room for improvement but still a great game.
76561198079183806,Recommended,313120,20260373,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Alleykat,"Enjoyable game -a very high thumbs up! With 20 some odd hours into this Early Access game, I found it highly entertaining and thoughtful! I have not used the map editor yet, but for now, see no need to use it. (Perhaps at a later date.)Pros:- Story line is great!- Good Graphics - gameplay was smooth even on ultra.- Nice idea to be able to adjust the waves, and Field of view - worked great.- So far, very entertaining.- A new island arrangement can be made with each new game, or the same one used again and again! Nice feature!- Not multiplayer, wouldn't make sense to fall out of an airplane, with friends. Besides, they would eat up all the food, and probably not leave me anything!Cons: (And these are not really bad things - they are working on them!)- The cutting of the palms (for coconut food/drink) is currently disabled, (They are working on it) therefore, unless you find a bucket right off, you struggle to get water.- Haven't seen the crabs respawn - makes it difficult to feed ones self on tiny fish and unobtainable coconuts. Also would be nice if larger fish or other food type was more accessible to shore.- No ""undo"" system for structure pieces - If you misplace a wall/roof/floor, you are stuck with it, there is no ""delete"" option. Had this really nice structure going and misplaced the stairs - made the second floor inaccessible/ hard to use and was annoying.- The islands are very repetitious - Seen one, seen them all. Sure, the graphics/sizes are moved around a bit, but pretty much all the same.- Windowed mode was glitchey - had to Ctrl/alt/delete couple of times when returning to game, as it hung up and just wouldn't load - remained open, but in task bar only - Couldn't get it to return to window size. I play most of my games in windowed mode, as I need to be able to multitask.- No surprises, or ending - What you see is what you get.Summary - Was worth the money - cheaper then a ticket to the movies and last a bit longer!  Can't see this being a very long term playable game though - you visit a few islands to collect a few resources, you dive for items on sunken boats/planes.  you build a shack, you try to feed yourself = You've done everything there is to do in a few hours,  you move on.*Review Edit: (Have played 70+ hours now, the previous review was after about 20 hours)First and foremost, this game has fantastic potential! Thought I would throw a ""more informed"" opinion here now. As of the last update, the abilities to cut palms, and to build a boat motor are not working, and neither is the ability to make different types of doors/windows (if those were intended to be in game.) Also the beginning intro scene video (On the plane) is missing as well. (Took me 2 hours to find a small thread comment on a youtube channel to receive news that the boat motors were not craftable at the moment.)--Would be nice to see some of the resources as respawnable, say the crabs, coconuts, weightier (is that a word? hahaha ) shore fish.--Would be nice to see different kinds of food, say bananas, bunches of berries, perhaps some eatable birds.--Would be nice to have goals, or perhaps a rescue ending (If one so wanted to end the game).--Would be nice to have food resources spawn on ALL the islands - I have started many new games, and on some of the islands, there is just no food, no taters, no crabs, no coconuts! Not worth the paddle over, and especially if one is in need of food/drink.--Again, It's nice that this is a solo game, and if it is made multiplayer, hope the solo ability remains - I would not want to play this with others - it works as a single/solo survival game, it was how it was first intended, and I think it should stay that way."
76561198014493267,Recommended,313120,20291442,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Parso316,"Beautiful looking game, im running this on an i7 with a GTX 460 V2 so not the best graphics card and running everything on the high settings.Agreed there could be more to do and more of a threat element, give the abundance of food you do not get the impression that you will starve anytime soon. That said this is early access and with regular updates and feedback from the developers i am sure this will be finished and be even better than it is now.Looking forward to the finished game!"
,Recommended,313120,20345212,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,WhompMaster,"I've played this game since the .01 patch. Haven't played it die hard but I play periodically. This game has my only actual review as well. This is the most visual appealing game you can buy. Crafting needs works but its early access so they will work on it. and that's one of the biggest things. They WILL WORK on it. Every time I play this game it never lets me down. This is an absolute masterpiece in the beta, and 100% epicness in the making. A MUST BUY"
76561198072480039,Recommended,313120,20405593,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zelda,"I see much potential in this game.Graphic is stunning and fun to play.I hope that, they will add more animals into the Game. (I know it's an Alpha)But for now on the game is really good."
76561198144133224,Recommended,313120,20596723,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,lgmcg,"*me playing old version*SCAVENGE! DISCOVER! SURVIVE!*1% SURVIVE! 15% SCAVENGE! NO DISCOVERING!*old version, come back..."
76561198109760699,Recommended,313120,20597151,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,(CE Clan Owner)Geo4ge,awsome you should get it but...... it needs mutiplayer
,Recommended,313120,20739603,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zâthra the Defiler,"I built a massive fort on the middle of a huge island to defend myself from the sea-life.See the logic in that?...neither do I, but it was fun anyway.If you ever wanted Castaway the Game, look no further. It's not based on the movie so you know it's actually good."
,Recommended,313120,23856734,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Walzlo,played 6 hours and im still in the ♥♥♥♥ing plane
,Recommended,313120,25527405,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Francis Sinatra,The way this game looks is insane!Can't wait til other major updates :)
76561198319312928,Recommended,313120,26196840,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,sneakijames,I love this game!  This is a must have if you like survival games. The great thing is they upgrade it all the time and fix any bugs a.s.a.p. Keep up the good work Beamteam.
76561198173191341,Recommended,313120,28487187,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FanFish,This game is very fun i have one request leave a like if this is a great idea make tribes on other island as you travel father and father
76561198193832726,Recommended,313120,28852044,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NorwegianMLG,"Hi i love the new adds, but i have no idea how to save the game. ive looked for a save button fro a long time and i cant find it. Is it possible to save the game? and can u continue playing the game u saved?"
76561198239469610,Recommended,313120,19892899,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ethanopia,great game 10 out of 10
76561198086916098,Recommended,313120,20019249,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Crab dinner while watching the sunset would roleplay again
,Recommended,313120,20366514,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,scoobs,"The game looks beautiful, even on laptop settings (the lowest possible) and us a good game overall, with hopefully an ending and multiplayer to come in the full release"
76561198254281738,Recommended,313120,20416292,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bergotter,"I cant play the ""story line"" with the intro with the plane etc. any ideas?"
76561198160786768,Recommended,313120,20552932,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TayTheSlayer,This game is very fun!!!! i love it! 10/10
76561198057982229,Recommended,313120,28836012,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gică,This game is so... catchy. I've had fun playing it for like 10 hours and I hope this is not gonna get boring. Early access but still needs a lot of work. Played it on it's first days and it was very crappy but now I can see a big difference. Waiting for more updates though.
76561198072036518,Recommended,313120,14177153,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,DR Darrak,"I have to say i was extremely impressed with this game for several reasons. Despite being in Early stage alpha the game has1. Beautiful asphetics2.Plenty to do already despite how early on it is3. Fantastic concept4. Unique crafting5. Healther, hunger and thirst6. Treasure hunting and sharksIt is a true survival game one i would already highly suggest. A huge well done to the Devs!"
,Recommended,313120,21548181,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,QlachPL,Love that game!!!thank you for all the updates!
76561198161149451,Recommended,313120,21851073,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Loamer,this game is awesome ! I really want them to make the medicine craftable soon
,Recommended,313120,21849088,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BlueChaos,"Very interesting game so far, if developers continue they can create a very fun game"
76561198252495496,Not Recommended,313120,33355634,Posted: 7 July,all,Kutan,"controls are strange, and sharks are everywhere so it makes it impossible to go to wrecks"
,Not Recommended,313120,34302764,Posted: 17 August,all,GrimnoirGourd,"I love this game and its very fun to play but when they added the border to the maps it became so boring to play, you'd go on an adventure but then you hit the line and then there is nothing. Map is way to small. I know the game needs to be hard but sharks are far to aggressive for what they should be. Please make this game better, I love survival and it is so hard to find good ones. One more thing, there are tanks in the game so you can breath longer but your breath is far to short and should last longer, I go under grab one thing and barely make it to the surface."
76561198095280506,Recommended,313120,20886357,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,annoyingmoose234,"I do like the game, but if when you buy this game do not expect to receive a finished product as it is early access and has many bugs, so if you don't like bugs and games that don't have everything done up to it's whole potential yet, I would recommend you wait for the finished game to come out. Also there is definitly more cons than pros at this point but deeper into development im sure they will have gotten good feedback from the community and will have a solid finished product :)"
76561198049203793,Recommended,313120,20836650,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Guardiangel,The fact that i can still fly around the map on the raft like a magic carpet with a simple dragging and holding of the right mouse button is tragic. it's been a bug since the beginning.7 / 10 magic carpets are fun.
76561198075121371,Recommended,313120,24323141,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Korundgen,I got bit by a snake is that not reason enough to buy this game what a fun day!
,Recommended,313120,14335939,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Blazey,"Reviewed on 5th Feb 15This game is really cool even in this limited early state. Surviving is easy, chop down trees then chop them up for wood and leaves, cut yuccas for ropes, collect rocks. Make a bed, a fire, an axe, harvest and collect potatos, and coconuts. Paddle to other islands for supplies when needed. Build a hut, Upgrade your fire so you can cook crabs. Stock food and water in your hut, go exploring and diving wrecks for supples. Avoid sharks. Find motor parts and fuel can and put a motor or motors on a wooden raft. Explore more, find flares and flare guns, torches, axes, machetes and more..ALPHA release with bugs, however if you can ignore a whale swimming through your island and knocking your coconuts and other important items  everywhere, or getting stuck in a wreck with no stairs out of the hatch.. or silly little unimportant bugs, you'll probably really enjoy this game. It'd be nice if islands weren't quite so far apart, and if there was an in game map you could add locations to with compass manually, or set it to auto, etc etc.. but this game is really fun if you want to put yourself in this situation starting with basically nothing, and building your island paradise...I was happy when I read it is developed by a couple of Aussies :) glad I supported it.. the devs appear to be good at their job and have lots of good ideas suggested or their own ideas that they are considering and or already working on. Tons of potential but already a lot of fun."
76561198077787020,Not Recommended,313120,17209142,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Chance Sutton,Maybe I'm just bored of survival games now. I don't know. But this game brings nothing new to the table as far as a new type of survival.
76561198067874408,Not Recommended,313120,17257853,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,liverlyncher,once again another early accses game that will never be finished♥♥♥♥ these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers
76561198201508662,Recommended,313120,17272027,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,jonny johnson420,yes yes quite a good game for me it always works but the game gets old quick
,Recommended,313120,17405108,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Crispy,"Great concept for a game, it's fun to jump in and mess around. I would not recommend playing religiously, with not much content it can get a little boring. That being said, the only thing holding this game back is the dev not releasing many ground breaking updates. It's a great game as is but the price reflects the amount of hours you will spend on it."
76561198216122268,Recommended,313120,18185058,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kim Jong is my Uncle,"Stranded Deep. A survival game where you need to survive in the middle of the ocean due to a plane crash on a private jetwith only you and the pilots. The plane somehow goes down. Engine malfunction, bird got stuck in the engine (that happens!) You don't know. All you know is that you need to survive by making shelter on little deserted islands. Sounds like a great game and it is but not being able to play it is harder to explain. I launch up the game hoping to find the main menu and the screen is black. I try the experimental. I get to the main menu then I start the world and its black. Please get this fixed so I can play this great game being made by the best people."
76561198143578437,Recommended,313120,18272111,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ChampionTrump,its ksharks are tasty
76561198072859684,Recommended,313120,20835843,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,_ViPeR_,I really enjoy the game and I think that it has a lot of potential to be an amazing survival game. The newest update 0.09 with the improved raft mechanics and general navigation on sea is a really good design. I really like how the game is based on real life survival like having to boil sea water to make it fresh and climbing trees to get coconuts.If I had to ask for any improvements it would probably be to make the palm trees easier to climb as I have had a lot of trouble trying to get coconuts and end up falling to my death because of it. I guess it just makes it more realistic but it would be nice to not have to struggle to get to the top of the tree. Also if storms became a slight threat and if lightning etc was implimented I think that would add a bit more challenge to the game and make the players more concerned about creating shelter to keep them covered from this threat.To conclude I highly recommend this game as it is already really good and has a lot of potential for the future!
76561198035587159,Recommended,313120,20900552,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MOTTBRO,Great origional game idea with so much potential. Each time you start a new game the stunning graphics hit you and you can't stop looking around at the beautiful scenes. There is a bit of a lack of content and backgrand story at the moment but the updates and development are speeding up as the game is getting more stable so it is looking very promising.There are a fair few negative reviews on here but people need to understand what early access means and that it's not going to be perfect right away - Seen as the development team is made up of just 2 people.- Would recommend but would be much better if the dev team was bigger to increase the rate of updates and progress.Keep up the good work Beam Team!!
76561197996299291,Recommended,313120,21220929,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hunter Bait,I am enjoying the heck out of this game.  I cannot wait until the next update.  I now float a 15 section (5X3) raft and have houses built on every island.  I will say there is a slight learning curve.  Would like to be able to kill a shark!  I have noticed that none of the acheivements seems to be working.  I am playing this game on a Mac.  Also wish there was a way to share island designs with other people who love this game also.
,Recommended,313120,21345855,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MLG Orange,really nice game with great Graphics(shadereffects)Pr0:Many resources(easy to start)explorabel fully atmosspherical worldRealistic Physics and details like the mechanism that food can get bad and you can get sunburnCONTRA:you will find some several gamebraking bugs like the half broken ship were you cant get on top and once you get on (after 1000 tries)it will glitch you in the cabine of the ship full of water(you also stuck and will going  to drown).(PLS fix)2. No support for gamingmouses (mouse4 and Mouse5)It will change to mouse up or mouse down when you try to change it.anyways a good Game with great atmosphere and great gameplayP.S: 10:10 would fight again against a white Shark ;D
,Recommended,313120,21758250,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,sassy the sasquach,Grahics 9/10 They are just beautiful moutains water the trees they are just beautiful.crafting 8.5/10 The crafting at first was kinda hard for me but once you get used to it it's pretty fun I built a house in 1 day.castaway like 10/10 This game so much like castaway because the beginning bit is like the movie and the feel to this game aswellexploring 10/10 I spent a lot of time exploring ships and abandoned walfs and finding extremly rare loot.story 4/10  The was no real story in this game besides the beginning bit because every thing you do you can choose repeat there are no story.open world 7.5 The world is huge it isn't only one island its a huge amount of them but if your looking for a huge open world game I would go for forest.optimised 9.5/10 This game is very optimised the even have a setting called laptop now you can play this on a small little laptop its true.overall 9.5/10 overall stranded deep is one of my favourite games and I think you will enjoy it aswell
76561198289476589,Recommended,313120,22189688,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,MaverickSlate,"This game is really fun. At first I had no idea what to do because there were no instructions on how to do things but I went on google and found out. It is totally worth $15, but there needs to be some sort of instructions on how to do things."
76561198110590886,Recommended,313120,22305227,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,murdoc7766,I love games like this because you need to think of how to live each day but my one reason I don't like it so far is why is there no paddle in the boat is it a glitch or something going on? it needs to be patched.
76561198257573788,Recommended,313120,22340030,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Xyophll,"I haven't had a whole lot of time to dive into this game, but from what I have played so far I have enjoyed. It is still a little glitchy, but that doesn't break the game. Look forward to seeing what additional content the developers will bring!"
76561198087779448,Recommended,313120,17293932,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zamzoh,They should make a Co-Op for this it would be really fun playing with other people.
76561198015019451,Recommended,313120,17343739,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kyle,"So I saw this game and I was super excited for a super fun game. The first video shows all sorts of things that can happen to you and sadly these are the only things that you can do. This game would be a ton of fun if only it were further along in developement. When I first started playing this I looked at the way the game looked and I was stunned how amazing it looked, although there are a lot of bugs to work out, this game will be absolutely amazing hopepfully down the line. I do NOT plan to play this game again within the next year and I am going to wait to play again until the developers add more stuff into the game. Fun game, for about an hour or so, still keep up the good work. 5/10"
76561198147175381,Recommended,313120,17400907,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,austinsims3946,"Get it, its one hell of a survival game. Fun and different from your run of the mill survival games, a must buy in my opinion. It's a little glitchy, but nothing bad enough to where i wouldn't recommend. I sincerly hope the developers do not give up on this game. Theres a lot of potential."
76561198211415440,Recommended,313120,17656780,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,sKyBlazer08,"Nice game, But it needs more content"
76561198146063734,Recommended,313120,17662651,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Echo,fun to plat hard to run :P can u make it so u can lower the graphics more then they can go right now it would really be great because im on a laptop and i run this game with 15 fps :P.
,Recommended,313120,17674263,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pixsnip,Relly good game but not so interesting and it should have multiplayer.
,Recommended,313120,18050292,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,MANic NIcOIS,"This game is pretty sweet, i like the realism that is incorporated. A few things that i think are weird is that its sometimes hard to figure out what are the things that you can build. Its kind of a guessing game which makes it a bit impossible."
76561198207932557,Recommended,313120,18125035,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,thunderbolt10.2003,this game is aswome it has refrences like willsone form castaway and a fed ex box its aswome game go get it youl be happy wen you do :)
76561198073905482,Recommended,313120,18197447,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,tmsurla08,"This game shows a lot of promise and I've had a lot of fun playing it in my down time. It's very nice to see the devs constantly working on it and making leaps and bounds in this games progress. Good job fellas! When this game is complete, I feel it is going to set the bar for survival based games. I do have a question though. Does Beam plan on adding controller support?"
,Recommended,313120,19054195,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Calenspia Deradelashitz,This is a game I would definetly recommend to people wanting to buy a game of survival! It has very good graphics in game at sunset! You will love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go on........Get the game...........Just do it!!!! Don't make me come out to get you! Just buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197984301338,Recommended,313120,20806660,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,hornet688,I thought maybe this game could help me get over a fear of open water.  It didn't.
,Recommended,313120,21306580,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Yanuri Rezu,"A lot has changed since the Alpha stage. Sharks certainly doesn't glitch through sand anymore. There are more craftable items and materials. Really has that feel of real life simulation of being stranded; although, there are still some glitches in game.-It's fairly hard to get on ships while swimming.-Swimming unto the land glitches. Won't stop swimming, can't get on land or walk?-I'm not sure if it's gone, but I don't see the paddle anymore while on the raft.Another concern, not a defect on the game, but I wish the devs would work on making this game into a co-op game. 4 player co-op or maybe to some extent."
,Recommended,313120,21575074,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Juan Deeg,"My mac has better specs than what was recomended and it still runs like crap. When I go to the options menu while in game when I press the (back) to go back to the pause screen and keep playing a little window saying ""save settings before returning to pause screen"" pops up. I click yes and it goes away but it doesn't take me back to the pause screen it just keeps me in the options screen, if I press no the game crashes so Im stuck and end up having to relaunch it anyway.EVERYBODY TELL THE DEVS TO OPTIMIZE THEIR GAME TO RUN BETTER!!"
76561198079618312,Recommended,313120,21578687,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,OneSaltyPotato,"Don't be fooled by the trailer. The actual game itself is nowhere near as action-packed as they make it seem. If you're cool with very repetive survival in a uniform, unchanging environment, than this is the game for you.Great graphics and interesting gameplay for a short amount of time until it becomes a chore just to play."
76561198147827073,Recommended,313120,21880271,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Deej,"Fun game, kinda boring but fun"
,Recommended,313120,22300573,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MadNur,Great game... Just need to add some animals to Kill....
76561198152779356,Recommended,313120,22328305,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DecentRose6,Great game.
,Recommended,313120,22354530,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,QQ.exe,"I do like the game alot, however i have a hard time staying focused and intrested in a single player game, nothing to do with this game itself, just overall with all singleplayer games i try out. I'm pretty sure this would be my absolute favorite game ever IF they added multiplayer or atleast co-op support."
,Recommended,313120,22470281,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DatPorscheGuy911,Great game. Just got a few lighting glitches in the water.
76561198141586836,Recommended,313120,22566342,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,zaxford (susi),
76561198169856229,Recommended,313120,22734549,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Pyrogen,"Great survival game, You probobly are going to want a decent PC for this game, I still think combat and when being attacked by a shark on a raft can be improved, minor glitches such as being flung HUNDREDS of miles into the air when your rat is being punted by a great white, nontheless brilliant game, ive got 100 hours+ on it, highly recommended, it definetly boomed when jacksepticeye played it a year or two ago."
,Recommended,313120,23075613,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HoodieStrings,"Why did I buy this game. I HATE the ocean. So why did I buy the game. I can't survive on the starting island forever, but like.The oceans scary ya know?"
76561198084294175,Recommended,313120,26594741,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,evan,Stranded deep is a game were you are stranded in the middle of no were. You goal is to survive till help comes. Untill then you have to fiqure out how a rock and a few sticks make a tent. There are also islands and other ship recks to help you survive. Or you can take the easy way out and just die. This game is early access so it is very limmeted on what you can do.That is one of the biggest problems that I have with this game is that there is not a lot to do. But the game devlopers are alwasy improving it. I recomend this game to anyone who wants a challange. SO GET SURVIVING!!!!!
76561198246234026,Recommended,313120,26722340,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,deadcraft505,the game wont load correct i get a  box with a whole bunch of things that say error and theres nothing i can do about it tho its a great game
,Recommended,313120,26725822,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AyoCheeto22,Very fun game! Would strongly recommend playing it.
76561197996417673,Recommended,313120,26745178,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Zen | Fragkeesian,A building simulator with slight survival elements.
,Recommended,313120,27233239,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yor Boi Dillweed,I like this game its an interesting concept but it still doesnt have a way to finsh the game/the player gets saved.
,Recommended,313120,30540246,Posted: 16 March,all,RegiusSwe,"Good game, Its not finished yet and it shows. There are so much greatness in this game but it feels a bit small from time to time also there are some mechanics that suck but all in all its a good game that you should really give a try if you like these types of games."
76561198170506841,Not Recommended,313120,17203596,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,SAXVGE,wast of money
,Not Recommended,313120,17213648,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"TL:DR Not enough content for its price. Save for a better game.I have this little rule wih buying games. If I pay fifteen dollars for a game, I must get fifteen hours worth of content in it. This game was way below the bar, with me finding only two hours of content inside the game, before it became a rinse and repeat style game. I enjoy certain survival games, but this one is far too reptitive, so it gets boring real fast. This may be just me, but there is no real challenge, and I found myself bored within fifteen minutes, and I stopped enjoying it. I tried to give it a chance, but I just couldn't get into it."
,Recommended,313120,17254689,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Boop,"My first day:Let me tell you the story of my survival, mate.I made a fish net and used a crab as bait.This left me in quite the stateas the shark wanted it served on a plate.The shark came at me with jaws widespread.All that went through my head was fear and dread,as my whole screen turned red.Boy I wish I had a bed.I brought out my spear,That it did hear,So it swam away like the little puny inferior creature it is.Jay the stingray:There once was a stingray,Whom I called Jay,That was to say,Until the day,He washed up dead in the bay.Don't grow emotional atachments to the animals, it will ruin your life.Besides that good game for being early access, except slow updates.I would rate 8/8."
76561198043186647,Recommended,313120,17298008,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Vidicus,"Excellent survival game.  It needs more things to do however, and the possibility of resue would be nice.   Shaping up nicely."
,Recommended,313120,17314976,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,♤Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,Stranded deep is a game that deserves all the money .is a game very exciting and addictive yes ! I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,313120,17326216,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Delites101,"10/10Fantastically, Beautiful GameGreat game play"
76561198175486339,Recommended,313120,17345964,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Captain_Blond_Beard,its a really fun game to play if you love survival i can only recomend one thing... Mutiplayer
,Recommended,313120,17349879,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NotGrizz,great game
76561198176193291,Recommended,313120,17356510,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,skytheawesomegamer,its a good game maybe add a gun or a better boat or add a way to get rescued
76561198130955636,Not Recommended,313120,17362411,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Singer,"""This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it seems like this was a quick cash grab and then the developers just abandoned it and move on to make a new cash grab a waste of money and time."
,Recommended,313120,18920381,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CallieCakes TV,The game has updated quite a bit from when it first came out. However if you get in to it with a shark and have no bandages or cloth and ducktape at your camp you will die. It is a long slow process where you think you have a chance at getting better then in the middle of doing something your character will just die. I love this game however there needs to be a material you cna grab on your island that you can craft into cloth.
,Recommended,313120,19073164,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,desafinado,"Decent survival game with nice graphic and exciting gameplay at the beginning. You can stab animals like shark, sardine, and crab with DIY spear. Cook them in the campfire, chop tree, build your own hut-palace, and explore an abandoned oil rig. After a long play I started to get bored....no major updates recently.Finally there is news about the update, good guy developer :D"
,Recommended,313120,19109411,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mugzy,Love the game. Its a calm nice casual game and it even gets you scared every now and then. Obviously because its an early accsess there are still bugs ect.. but its overall a fun game and everyone shoukd give it a shot!How long can you survive for....?
76561198223264308,Recommended,313120,19242013,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,McAwesome108,Love this game!!!!! I watched VintageBeef play it on youtube and I was emediatly hooked! I made my dad buy it for me and I played so much he said NOT TO PLAY ANYMORE STRANDED DEEP. I was devistated. Actuelly I still am.
,Recommended,313120,19334048,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TrueGamerDavid,Hell yes even with laggy computer i have this game is still great. They update all the time and they haven't had a bad update ye. once your done with using things being added in that are supposet  to be there you get to screw around with glitches. Last off you get to find the DeadEx box and WILSON!!!... I mean WALLY!!!*****5 STARS!!!!
76561198074985157,Recommended,313120,20572302,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Therazzer1997,look this game has so many issues alot but its still enjoyable and i like it alot.when you enter the game and you press  shift+tab i go to windows screen then it wont let me reopen game and i cant click anything so yeah.plus when i kill a crab and pick it up it dosent go in my inventory its gone i mean like wtf.but the ocean is amazing the shiprecks are cool some loot the crafting is simple and fun they gonna come out with planting and growing stuff soon cant wait i see some great things out of this game would be nice 2 have a multiplayer co op tho
76561198237989080,Recommended,313120,20693725,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ChineseDinosaur,"Frickin awesome!!!Me and a friend of mine ran upon this game one day, and ever since I have loved it!!!Rating: 2,000 out of 10!!!A must buy game!!!Best graphics!!!!No lag!!!!!!!Spine tingling!!!!!!Overall great game!!!!!"
,Recommended,313120,20807632,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,NibiSan,"So far, I really like the game. The textures and models look nice, and the crafting system works well. If I have any gripes with the game right now, it's that there currently isn't any controller support. Which means it's nearly impossible for me to play the game on my laptop. Hopefully controller support will become available in the future. But aside from that, it's a very enjoyable game so far."
76561198059259403,Recommended,313120,21532683,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nerex,You will slowly die of poisoning after collecting hundreds of coconuts.
76561197972444697,Recommended,313120,21596618,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,iNDK8R,"Love the game, but I am not sure what is going on. As soon as the game was released the world no longer generates, it is only the tiles shown on the my game start.The map maker is great I have made many maps now.I would like to see more options with the map making.  More content to use. I love making maps.ThanksiNDY"
76561198186827255,Recommended,313120,21642566,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hxry._,I Highly Recommed This GameBut one thing could it be 2player
,Recommended,313120,21717770,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CoffeeGamer,"I personally like the game. It's still an Early Access game, but for an EA, it's really good. I will admit though, it has SEVERAL bugs. It disappointed me when they got rid of the intro sequence, completely taking away the story basis for the game. now, it's basically just you being shoved into a tropical island and expected to survive. I'm not saying there should be a 3 hour tutorial, but I think there should be SOME kind of help for those who don't pick up on directions quickly. I know that this game still has potential, and I really hope that they finish it by the end of 2016. Keep up the good work You guys!PROS:>Pretty graphics>Good music>Pretty emersive (I can't spell, forgive me)>♥♥♥♥ING SHARKSCons:>Still very buggy>No story basis, at all>No helpful hints or directions>No god damned way of knowing when it'll be updated."
,Recommended,313120,21747940,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,bnelson333,"I really like that this is a basic survival game that doesn't overdo it. Perhaps once you master the basics then some people might find it boring, but to a casual gamer, this is a good level of sophistication in a survival game. If you like shows like Naked & Afraid, you'll probably like this.The game could use a bit of tweaking: I find it impossible to find a bucket, how am I supposed to get clean water? Clothes might be fun to have to make.But overall, this game does it well. I don't have a lot of time or attention span to get knee deep into one of the other survival games, and I LOVE that you can play this single player. I'd really rather not have to mess with the griefing that goes on those ""other"" games.A little bit more content, but not too much, and this would be the perfect game."
,Recommended,313120,21771104,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BullyPlaysGames,"I've followed this game on youtube for a bit before I bought it. I can't say enough good things, very fun and challenging finding resources to keep your character alive. Highly recommended, can't wait for the finished version."
76561198262459953,Recommended,313120,22077155,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,flyinghog,it would be cool if they add a mining or metal crafting system of some sort
,Recommended,313120,22082836,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Forxez,"so finally after 2 hours of trying to get rock shards ill quit this game, i always spawn with just a god damn lighter, nothing more.no knife, no paddel, no water bottle.i hope they will fix this god damn bug cause im so damn mad atm.but its a nice game, ill play i t after the fix."
76561198025454103,Recommended,313120,22171604,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dabinator,"I like the idea of this game, it is like the Long Dark but on the water.  I tried map making, it was very simple and allowed for me to have a few cool items ahead of time!"
76561198100772695,Recommended,313120,22186805,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Asian Tea,I really like this game. 9/10I can't boil my bucket of sea water in the new update!! Bug or do I have to wait days!?
,Recommended,313120,22189807,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jackofalltrades1775,"i like the concept but has lots f gliches which i understand being an early access i have survived for 8 days now, i cant wait for more udates."
,Recommended,313120,22325458,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MyrenFrez #Forhud,"looks like a great game, but it crashes every time you windows.."
,Recommended,313120,22350451,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RobDog,Good game! Can't wait until its fully finished!
76561197960370693,Recommended,313120,22363711,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Duriel,quite fun and good engine.What i am missing tho is the thing where items dont jump hysterical into the air..or the ability to tab out and inside again of the game.But again.. game under development and it is really looking good...can only recommend this if you are looking at lonely time at deserted island survival.
76561198086012883,Recommended,313120,22395442,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,BlackHalo,When this game finishes it will be one of the best.Although they did change some stuff than what you see in the pictures and trailer on steam. Besides that it will truly be an amazing game when finished.
,Recommended,313120,22445413,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Communist Canadian,"While the game is not perfect, I still reccomend buying it and playing the game.One of the hardest things for me while playing Stranded Deep is the fact I am terrified of deep water, AKA the ocean, which just so happens to be the setting of this game. To do good in the game, you must face your fear of what lies beneath the deep( if you are afraid of the ocean )and scavenge resources underwater.I will simply give a summary of all the aspects of the game and what I find good and bad about each. Lets' begin:GAMEPLAY: The gameplay is good, it's simple. Survive. You will start out with a lighter and a life raft, and will need to paddle to shore. The map is made up of several islands where you will collect resources like wood and stone to craft shelters and tools. Certain supplies can be found on land, like metals, tarps, and buckets. However, the real treasure is found in shipwrecks under the ocean. Sharks are a constant threat while diving down, so be careful of those little buggers as well.GRAPHICS: If you have a beast for a computer, and I mean a real beast, than you will absolutely enjoy the graphics of this game. However, if you have a crap computer like me, the graphics are so amazing you will need to turn them down to prevent your computer from exploding. Even on low graphics the game still looks incredible and can be appreciated.FEATURES: This game has many things to officer, including many gameplay mechanics and features such as:-A watch that will tell you the time, temperature, date, and your basic needs.-Several different ocean creatures( crabs, sharks, marlin, small fish ).-Intense opening scene.-Buckets.-Randomly generated map everytime you start a new game.And many more.To finish off this review, I just want to list some of the things I personally would like to be added to the game.-More land-based wildlife on the islands( lizards, insects, birds, etc. ).-An easier way to get water. It is not easy trying to keep that bucket upright trying to get it over the fire.-A co-op or multiplayer mode where you can play online or with friends to survive together!-Larger islands.-Two different modes: Story, where you must survive until rescued. Or an Endless mode, where you survive as long as possible.-More sea animals, like more whales( Sperm, Blue, etc. ), octopus/squid, and dolphins/orcas.So, to end off this review, this game is good. The reason I have little play time on the game is I don't play Steam all that too often anymore, but when I do, I enjoy playing Stranded Deep. I have had no bad experiences with the game so far, and I expect it to stay that way.PS. As with most early access games, this game includes a lot of glitches and bugs, so be warned!"
,Recommended,313120,22492914,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Treyler,It is very fun I played it for a bit but it wasn't to my liking so I'm just going to wait until more content comes out
76561198146782570,Recommended,313120,22528416,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Thel 'Vadam,"Ok, I really like this game, this is my first real survival type game and I kinda am really good at it. The game is a kind of natrally scary, it means that it is scary because it has real world threats, however a tigershark will probably ignor you, anyway this game is great cause it places you in a highly unlikely event. Anyway it has been some time since I saw this game and when I launched it for the first time I was shocked when I saw how much the game has improved since the beginning. really needs multiplayer.I rate 7.5/10 tigersharks."
76561198022144148,Recommended,313120,22618712,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Thanatos,I love the game but it is way too laggy
76561198137393118,Recommended,313120,22746336,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,AlFa,castaway: the game starring Tom Hanks. this is a great game and it is worth the money
,Recommended,313120,22787417,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Halfbit_,"This is just for the new update, previously, the game played fine, and I enjoyed it greatly, I was using a PC at the time, and I barely knew how to run it. Note, I am now using a mac, and usually it runs fine, the only app I had open (Other than Steam and Stranded Deep), was Skype, and, I don't like to shut it down because it lags the hell out of my computer starting it up. Either way a game shouldn't have to be only itself to operate, it should function fine.Perhaps it's my lack of gaming knowledge, or maybe it's a fault on the developers, personally, I think it's my own fault, but, if anyone could please help me, it would be appriciated DEEP-ly  (Get it?). I do like the game, but not when it's running like this."
,Recommended,313120,22852280,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Deus Vult,Great graphicsGood gameplayFun MechanicsMap EditorBut needs multiplayer
,Recommended,313120,22973158,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Andreas,Me and my friend plays this game alot. but we wish to have multiplayer in this game. that would be soo cool.420/10 would play this game again
,Recommended,313120,23461572,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Abszilla,"""Of course sharks like to feed in shallow waters right? If you ever saw the movie JAWS, and were so scared that you never went too the beach with your family ever again, like it traumatized you. you'll know that Jaws indeed did make his or her way up too the shallow waters and prayed on inoccent young women who liked to spend their days lazing around on a floatation device in the shallow water in the sun, but Jaws was having none of that no siree, Jaws just thought, you know what? Im not about the floatation device and im not about young women enjoying their selves in the sun and Im really f*cking hungry too so thats that. And of course Jaws strikes the police have too get involved for some reason, dont ask me why the police got involved in that perticular case, i mean it was a clear cut with witnesses and everything i mean at least 20 people watched somebody get devoured by a shark on a beach, so why the police where involved i have no idea. But in this case it was a police man that was... Why a driftwood... Look there's another one there too, why is it standing upright like that? That is really disconcerting... Anyway back too the story of Jaws, this perticular police officer decided that he was really interested in sharks, and that he was going to persue the shark and bring it too justice. I dont know how you handcuff a shark, because they have fins or whatever, but he managed too do it anyway, they brought him in and he's now serving time""- The real guy, the best guy, Sips. 2016"
76561198166150996,Recommended,313120,23591114,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,purell456,so so play for relax like you going to live on the islandnothing interest
76561198265422369,Recommended,313120,23602758,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,bugs bunny,nice update :)
76561198076888037,Recommended,313120,23602911,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AXG2005,Make A Way To Get The Harpoon Gun and If It is All Ready In Game Make It Easy To FInd But Over All I Really Recommend This Game Also Make A Way To Get Rescued After 50 Days In Game Thanks :P
76561198127012471,Recommended,313120,23634090,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Maverick,this game is preety fun i watched youtube of the early acsees so i bought the acsees then it gives me crap! its not to bad but its eather the game does not like me or yutube is a big fat lye! i do not want a refund but can  someone tell me the anser and how to fix it.
76561198070255469,Recommended,313120,23634642,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr. Jiggle Physics,"Love this game, I got it around when it first came out and love the original version. but havent played it in a while so when i came back to it I was disapointed on how blocky it looked compared to the earlier versions. I feel that the hut building for the first version was a lot better the the newer version amd i also have trouble attaching the flippers in the newer version. Overall though its a great game, love the new crafting menu and the extra storage."
76561198120580557,Recommended,313120,26380294,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,silentsounds32,"Bought the game 2 days ago, worked fine. Now it just dosent start , followed all troubleshooting for mac pro users. Anyone help, I love this game and wanna play."
,Recommended,313120,27316158,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Steve Klitt,"I really like Stranded Deep, it has a good atmosphere and can be really freaky if you are going to a new island. Im looking forward to the multiplayer patch for this game, really want to find my friend so we can make treehuts together :) Other than that I have nominated this game for the indie game that makes the best use of water (my own category) in the Steam awards and I really hope it wins :)"
76561198290660708,Recommended,313120,27407300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MY NAME IS JHON hellcase.com,its allright just the gameplay graphics and controlls r differnt and harder
76561198063648442,Recommended,313120,30714212,Posted: 24 March,all,vonbargen_b,For an early access game it has amazing graphics. The building is tedious but really fun and addicting.
76561198117873331,Recommended,313120,32369265,Posted: 12 June,all,Mac Law,Great exploration game. I love the detail they put into this game. Hunting sharks is so much fun that I have several years worth stacked up on the beach haha. I would highly recommend this game if you are into the adventure/chill gaming genres.
,Not Recommended,313120,33687428,Posted: 20 July,all,parallax,"i estimate ten hours and you've done everything. i have almost six and have been bored for the past hour. building is kinda pointless and is, storage does not exist really and everything is expensive to craft. i collected five crates that hold less half of what your back pack does but they made venturing to another island to scavenge a little easier. still, you end up with a beach and floor scattered with materials which can create more problems. graphics are all this game has goin for it in my opinion, which is all this review is.. an opinion. others may like it but its not for me. at first, it was neat. once you figure things out though it gets very bland."
76561198119605384,Not Recommended,313120,17199633,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MaxValencia,it has no fun to it the game is buggy its  not fun going from island to island and leaving your place behind that you spent for ever to get. the islands are too far apart making the game not fun to play i would recomend subnautica way more that game is more fun to play and more compleat. DONT BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,313120,17254378,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"Fun but rough around the edges. If you're terrified of stuff that's underwater like I am, you're going to have a rough time. Also, the sharks aren't nearly as terrifying after you see someone chase them down with a spear, the AI is a bit of a joke at times."
76561198063389164,Not Recommended,313120,17293805,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ShimSham shaloopy,i started playing stranded deep when it first came out i loved it i thought wow imagine if the game gets expanded and new stuff is added well it was released in january and currently it is july pushing august and guess what they have added a couple new animals sea forts and umm thats it
76561198097326244,Recommended,313120,17300985,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TrolledChaos,"Fun for a little while, but you run out of things to do pretty quick"
,Recommended,313120,17310468,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,warthog574,"Really amazing game. The graphics are just amazing, but it takes a long time to load on OS X Yosemite. Other than that though, it is a truly phenomenal game."
,Recommended,313120,17354624,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AltShot,"15/10.Survived plane crash.Somehow my raft and paddle survived...I rafted to shore the best I could... got surrounded by sharks... diverted my path.Picked up sticks, rocks, and lashings to make axe...use more to make spear...used more to make hammer...Use axe to cut down trees...axe broke..used pocket knife... got hungry and thirsty at the same time...Killed crab...ate crab...got sick... drank and ate coconut..Used lashings and sticks from chopped down trees to make small hut.Crabs took over hut.Shark came and swam under sand... startled.Explored around the island a bit more.Found flippers.Inventory fullDropped newly made axePaddled to different island...Found better axe.Dropped spear.Got surrounded by sharks on my way back.Sharks knocked over my raft,Scrambled from dear life.Got back to previous island.Made crab my girlfriend.Married crab.Sexed crab.Made strang hybrid children.Made coconut into new friend...Named him ThadAlmost died of hunger and dehydration.Sacrificed ThadExited Stranded Deep.Fell asleep.Woke up.Played Stranded Deep.Lost my life on a different island.Never looked back."
,Recommended,313120,17380684,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Robbie Rotten,cool game
,Recommended,313120,17387152,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pixel,Im very intrerested in real life survival and game survival. this game really makes me happy and i enjoy myself it teaches you things you may have not known. if anyone likes outdoor primitive survival please friend me.
,Recommended,313120,17406334,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jake 🅱aul,i got rekt bye shaaaaaaannnooooooooooooon the shark overall really good game
,Recommended,313120,17411806,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,beebot99,"Great game and cant wait for coop. It has plenty of to do for anyone who likes a base building open world exploration game, comes with sharks too!"
76561198156205271,Recommended,313120,17696301,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,zachinator mcafe,i love it
76561198159291334,Recommended,313120,18122406,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SWAT,It would be nice to have lobsters in the game.And i strongly recomend this game to those who like surviving.
,Recommended,313120,18200673,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,yxng doge,Built an wooden hutWent exploringFound a sharkNamed it SharkeishaSharkeisha is now on the roof of the hut
76561198228658340,Recommended,313120,18305401,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,noob noob,i love the game
,Recommended,313120,18504770,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,KatrianaChou,"I've been playing this game off and on for months. While I admit, the fact that there is no real ""end goal"" is a bit irritating and can cause boredom after enough hours... the hours before boredom are what make it all worth it.  This is my go-to game when I just need a break from MMOs or anything else. I like starting over fresh and exploring whatever new world I have pulled. Collecting resources and building new structures, experimenting with different layouts or just going scavenger-style and never settling down in one place. It can keep me entertained for hours every time. I am the type of person that LOVES crafting and building in games, so that makes this game very appealing to me. I hope for more ""goals"" to be added to the game eventually, but for now, it still keeps me coming back."
76561198038166808,Recommended,313120,18690647,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Coconut,"Alright! The fact is that I love the game concept, the graphics, and the ability to freeroam (it really makes you feel in the middle of the ocean).As I started playing the game, I noticed that when the plane crashes, the game went wacko, my FPS went down to 10fps, the models and textures were freaking out, flashing on and off, and I basically couldn't see anything. Then it corrected itself after a few minutes.The Biggest problem I had with the game was how badly optimized. When I turned the graphics up to Ultra, my framerate would be between 20-30fps. Now I have an Alienware 18 with Dual Nvidia Geforce GTX 860m, so this shouldn't be the case. However, we need to keep in mind that the game is still in EARLY ACCESS, so hopefully this will be fixed.Another thing is that since the game is still in Early Access, there is no ending, so after a while of going from island to island to shipwreck to abandoned war bunkers in the middle of the ocean, you kinda start getting bored with it; and it makes items such as flare guns, whistles & other signaling devices useless. I'm hoping the add an end to the game sometime in the future.All in all, the game is a fun way to pass time, Lacks a few things (but then again, it's early access), and I can't wait for the upcoming updates.10/10, Would Shipwreck again - IGN."
76561198072852085,Recommended,313120,18701456,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,tencan420,"This game has lots of potential and I like it so far, but I'm very bored with this game right now. It's obvious that there needs to be some immediate updating. I really hope the creators get together and do some work for us patiently wating. As of right now I would recommend getting this game to help support the future success of Stranded Deep. I want bigger Islands, bigger waves, longer days and nights  these are just a few on my list, But I think you get what I'm trying to say. Just one man's opinion though.."
,Recommended,313120,22324511,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Kazoou,"This island-themed survival game shows great potential for growth. At this point the scope is quite narrow since it is still in very early development, but so far it looks beautiful. My recommendation is to buy this game and invest in its further development."
76561198156007647,Recommended,313120,22386753,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,EastSushi,Pretty cool game
76561198136416826,Recommended,313120,22508866,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,wilson!!,in my personal opinion the game is great and fun i only reccomend creative gamemode and a multiplayer
76561198163140713,Recommended,313120,22529994,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Adam2907,This games is one of the best games i have played
76561198152718279,Recommended,313120,22565317,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,-blf- soultaker1232,This Game Is Awesome even Though i havent encounter anything yet the graphics and gameplay is awesome
,Recommended,313120,22734683,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,i am not think this Kappa,Good game so far. 10/10
,Recommended,313120,23256917,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Berline,Very cool game I  Rate 11/10
76561198111848156,Recommended,313120,23433362,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mads_stobbe,"A really promising game. I just cant seem to find any good open world survival diving games, but this seem to be on its way there. Im really exited to see it develop further."
76561197963871665,Recommended,313120,23500231,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Spazmo,"Really fun game, building, exploring, collecting, lots to do make and see."
76561198129571530,Recommended,313120,23627740,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Thrillmatictv,7.75 pimps out of 10 pimps
76561198055428774,Recommended,313120,28247962,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nibbles,"Now I'm not saying that I totally got so on edge from being circled by tiger sharks in my raft, that when the ding timer on the food I was cooking back home went off, that I accidentally jumped, in game and in life, causing my character to leap gayly from the safety of my raft into the water where I was almost immediately murdered by said shark. But such an event might have occured reccently."
,Recommended,313120,29872432,Posted: 12 February,all,EmmettTheDestroyer,Stranded Deep-Watch intro-Find island-Craft random things you probably won't need later-Relise how low your food and water are-Relise you have completley drained your island of recources-Go to another island-Find food and water-Make campfire-Find food and water-Light campfire-Find food and water-Start to make a house-Find food and water-Finish making house-Find food and water8/10 Would NOT find food or water again!Really though: This is a good game
,Recommended,313120,30682166,Posted: 23 March,all,Deviate,Not A bad game they are still updating it the only thing is I wish they would release multiplayer gets kind of boring playing solo friends would make this game 100% better
,Recommended,313120,17328492,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kristian818,"The game is fun to play for a while now they have changed the long way between islands and made other islands closer. I think i miss some more stuff to craft or search after (you can find shipwrecks and crates on islands with stuff in very good since when you dive in a shipwreck you have to manage your oxygen and if there are any sharks somewhere near you). Right now it is mainly just try to survive by managing food, water and your other resources. Very interesting concept can turn out to be a very good game with some more patches and new stuff. Maybe some land enemies or something like that because when you come to an island it is secure no doubt there can't be anything dangerous and that takes some of the exploring feeling of the game."
76561198080280996,Recommended,313120,17339227,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,N I G H T M A R E  E Y E S,"This game is awesome.If you like survival games, get this game.Just get it.Seriously.GET IT."
,Recommended,313120,17343725,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JRoadkill,Absolutely brilliant
,Recommended,313120,17346312,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kaede Frostbite,Beautiful graphics and life-like gameplay. Very nice.
,Recommended,313120,17358282,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,zayden0727,add ceative mode if you have  how do you use it
,Recommended,313120,17361398,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,darian,"Very Good, Very Fun."
76561197975173161,Recommended,313120,17656299,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,-jOKER- |,Like it!
,Recommended,313120,18235436,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,The Bad Alpaca,"I found stranded deep to be (in terms of quality) a blanced game. there are many glitches and downsides (that i hope will fix), but it is still fun. some people say the shelter has no use. well, you can actually freeze to death if you stay out in the rain, and trees do not shelter you. sharks are also way too hard to kill, and imagine what fighting a marlin is like! i both recomend and do not recomend this game, but if what they have shown in the unstable version (waves, new fish, ect) are added to the stable build, take this reveiw as a serious recomendation."
76561198252448432,Recommended,313120,18281625,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,awesomeguy101,I re-wrote my reveiw again... its not positive :/Ok. This game... is terrible. They make updates that spoil the fun as you rush to replenish your FOOD every 30 seconds!? The game looks nothing like the trailer. On an oversized island covered in plants that take about a minute to cut down and your coconuts spoiling RUINING the evening. Its buggy which I can forgive considering its Early Access but... I do have some good words for this game and I wish it had not went the way it did. The building machanics are GREAT and I would love to see them in some other game. The shark AI is questinable. And it had a map editor that was acctualy pretty cool! Eventualy there was a skinning update that made me stop playing. I used to look forward to updates but then recorces became scarce normaly so it was imposible to enjoy the building. Overall a pretty bad game. But it used to be good... :( If you notice I dont have the game in my steam account I permanently removed it from there.
76561198163027933,Recommended,313120,18306783,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bunta Fujiwara,awesome game
,Recommended,313120,18704698,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TypicalGamerr,Survived for 70 daysGame updatedCharacter wipe11/10
,Recommended,313120,18751799,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Applo,"The game is fun to play on espically exploreing and surviveing but after a while its becomes impossible to keep a base going without having to venture far away from your island and since all of the islands look the same from far way it takes memorization and constantnly looking back to insure you know which island is yours needs to be fixed mabey writeable maps would help alot also needs more resources impossible to play late game it takes forever to haul resources back to a island you HAVE to remeber the exact direction of (8 inventory slots and those fill up fast with rocks and wood) i would recommend some way of storing items on rafts or boats ( if they are added) , mabey a craftable backpack would be nice i understand that the developer team is small so overall this is a amazing game but updates can take months would not recommend for binge playing."
,Recommended,313120,18851684,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,paulio,GOOD BUT NEEDS MULTIPLAYER TO REVAMP THIS :)
76561198144206861,Recommended,313120,19106854,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SFC. Mike,If you're looking for a good single player game that you can play for hours without getting bored. Then buy this game. The graphics are great for a Unity game. The shaders are awesome!!! 9/10
76561198015848283,Recommended,313120,20635345,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Console [CONTEMPT],"I recommend this game with reservations.SD has a lot of potential, but needs way more content to be good.  Take it for what it is; an early Alpha.  I think the best move is to wait a good while to see how the content development goes before buying.Really all there is to do right now are very basic survival activities, shallow and repetitive exploration, and very basic structure building.  Enough for a few hours of interesting play.  The game needs more depth and purpose before it will be a compelling experience."
,Recommended,313120,20782801,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,✪Alex-iwnl-,this is one of my fav survival games the developers are the best!!
,Recommended,313120,20836954,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Knightbasa,"I realized I have a healthy fear of sharks...the music doesn't ease these feelings.With a little less than 10 hours of game time I like it a lot.  My time for the first 2 hours was spent creating a ramshackle hut and ended with me alt-F4'ing the game when I fell off my life-raft when a shark came near.  Now I am sailing to other islands using a compass I found, works really well.  I have yet to dive on any underwater content.That being said I would like to see (perhaps these are already in development):- more variety in plant life/usage- the ability to 'turn your head' without changing your movement direction, especially when sailing- larger sails and rudders for faster steering responseI'm sure I could think of more but either way I will continue playing and awaiting any new updates."
76561198272646143,Recommended,313120,20866382,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,kelley_anstaett,"I recently purchased this game, so I am not sure how it was in the beginning. I have heard a lot of complaints about things you cannot do anymore, but since I didn't experience them, I'm not all too worried about that.  I do however enjoy the game as it is, bugs and glitches and all.  I did get to experience losing the paddle for the rafts, but it's not too difficult of a transition.  I enjoy this game, I am a huge Castaway fan.  This is a very relaxing game aside from the sharks, dehydration and starvation.  There were only a few bugs I noticed that did affect my gameplay while creating my own islands, when I place crab mounds there were no crabs spawning in or around it, palm trees wouldn't produce coconuts, and when placing marlin or sharks around the island, they wouldn't appear, even after 15-20 in-game days.  It's not a huge problem, as I'm sure eventually the bugs will be fixed.  I wouldn't disapprove of a semi-multiplayer game, as usually there are more than just one person on a plane, so who knows, maybe there were 2 or 3 survivors.  It would take some of the boredom away when the game starts getting repetitive.  All in all, great game and even greater potential.8/10"
,Recommended,313120,20914870,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,imjust_a_ginger,"I will never forsake coconuts again after this game. Awesome graphics, tense environment, I just hate having to paddle all the way to other islands. Getting lost from your ""home"" island really blows. Other than that, really fun to waste a couple hours on."
76561198046706032,Recommended,313120,21313680,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,snifferdog,"Awesome Game! Love this game its an amazing survival game! These so much to do, i also like the fact that you can explore more island and get sweet loot from shipwrecks, shark are awesome too, great survival game! 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,21442258,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,nailz,A great way to waste a couple of hours. Pretty too.
76561198124778418,Recommended,313120,21489031,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BizzleMan02,"An amazing game love the recent tweaks, I like the weather patterns, night and day cycle the raft build and now the create map nicely done by the way, But this game really needs some other animals like snakes, spiders, lizards, monkeys, birds. Or possibly some new fruit like bannanas, kiwi, mango, melon to spice things up a bit but a massive fan and really enjoy the aspect and setting of the game and would be happy to recommend it."
,Recommended,313120,21926416,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Pickled Geek,"This game is becoming one of the premier survival games available. Very good. Getting better with each update. Will be one of the best if not the best survival games soon.Along with The Long Dark, Subnautica, and The Forest, you'll have all the survival you'll need."
76561198041513133,Recommended,313120,22170675,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BLU_13,"Nice calm survival game... well until a shark flips your boat. Somehow stayed in the boat so it's fiiiine. :PAlso easy to run on old pc's even if you have to set the setting's to ""laptop"" instead of low."
76561198010064763,Recommended,313120,22348553,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Death Hunter- Novaboy_572,"Hey Dev's you should add to this bad weather like tropical storms (faster water collection).A few ideas I had that would be awesome if it was my game. third person view and build bush clothing out of palm flats get rid of  your clothing make necklaces from rare pearls ( add clams) gives the gamers something to do while dodgeing sharks.also on that kill a shark add shark teeth to necklace and bigger sharks primative spear tips ( shark teeth) upgraded version of spear. sharks teeth are serated can add HP compared to standard stone spear. Add vines and branches to make crab trap in the water to keep crabs fresh longer.Fire should be permanent in this type of game or least longer burning it sucks constantly trying to find wood. also STORAGE function like minecraft would make this game a ton times better.I think if i was on a Island what would i use to survive.On that note coconut shells use them as a water collection also.barrels can be used on a still to humidify drinking water.multiplayer again like i said before one main island with NPC local cannibalistic tribes that make gathering goods hard and building a camp impossible. MAKE THIS GAME  one to talk about not just a steam game that people play when bored make it fun. add leaderboard for players to survive the longest and a credit leaderboardon that add credits find treasures like jewels in ship wrecks but add octopus's, eels, scorpion fish, and deadly baracudas to protect them make it a NAMED  game like rockstar if your doing this for money and have a passion for games thats what id do idk how to build a game or id put you out of business lol jk not my intentions. but trying to help you be one of the best this is a good beggining platform a start to what i see a bad♥♥♥♥♥game. good concept good graphics love the real tide schedule and stuff but its  blah really blah. on that lol sorry. you should add decoration repition is a game killer add flavor if i was alone bored off my♥♥♥♥♥trying to survive id like to add some pazass to my crib, like bamboo picture frames and paintings add skill tree to character. add custom person interface on the menu screen."
,Recommended,313120,22390923,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,LLiamson,Nice game
76561198184779275,Not Recommended,313120,27740946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nikkii,not so much hunting in it
76561197986009376,Recommended,313120,27869215,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tweek,"One of the best survival games i have played, only wish there was a multiplayer option. 9/10"
76561198237236470,Not Recommended,313120,17278803,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ginja ninja,beacuse i can see thro the islands please fix i cant see the crabs or plants plese fix
76561198130163827,Recommended,313120,17312547,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,bronwyn,"Great gameexcept islands are way too small with no hight, caves and other enviromental fetures that should be addedenjoy exploring the ship recks and all that shark behaviour is a bit over the top THEY ALWAYS ATTACK how hungry are they? Really enjoyable when crafting shacks and other things as everthing fits together and looks great"
,Recommended,313120,17344106,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,wlfrench,google
,Recommended,313120,17360579,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,closurenin,"Interesting game, gets old pretty quick. Feels like all the islands are very much identical you don't seem to stumble upon something that is actually very sustainable if you go around enough. It just very quickly becomes a grind and you get the feeling you've seen everything of interest quickly. Hesitant to say I recommend it, but didn't dislike it so given the two choices it is cheap enough for a play through."
76561198055717998,Recommended,313120,17392613,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MULI,"after all engine parts you find,then what??? i mean all islands are same for exploring...I hope you will make this game interesting...."
,Recommended,313120,20911375,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TheVigilantWolf,"I had a great time playing this game! The story is awesome but with no way to win the game, it gets kinda repetitive. Many other games are coming out and topping this, but I'm sure if the team keeps working it will get better!"
76561198169507191,Recommended,313120,21515043,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,StoNed_SwiFtY,Game was great until the update hit to where my video card couldnt handle it.... So I got a better card AND THE GAME IS A THOUSAND TIMES BETTER!!!!! If i put my head phones on I feel likeI'm there on the island. The Graphics are insane!!!! The crafting is not only easy but almost as good as the graphics!!!!! I can't wait to get back and start surviving again!!!!!!!!GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!!NOT NOW......RIGHT NOW!!!!!TELL THEM I SENT YOU!!!I PROMISE YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED !!!!!!
76561198110545800,Recommended,313120,21861052,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Joon,"This game needs to have modes set in  place to spice up the gameplay, after a while the game can get repetitive even after finding the parts to your own boat. Possibly zombie mode with multiplayer? There should be land animals on the larger islands as well possibly, just chopping trees, foraging, and building huts gets kind of repetive.*There needs to be a factor in the game that truly gets out of this repetitive nature.**"
,Recommended,313120,22321023,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ogden,"Genial, le jeu est beau, pas difficle a faire tourner mise a jour frequantes open world bien fait quelques bugs mais rien de plus Tres bienIls devrais vraiment add un multiplayer ça serait tellement bien de pouvoir jouer a plusieursdes carteset des respawnsPlease !!!"
,Recommended,313120,22696406,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mcphee,"This game is great. I got it when it first came out, and since then so much has been added, new engine, graphics look amazing now.. Sharks seemed to have dropped off (can't find one anywhere) A lot of people are whinging ""oh once I have built my house and fire pit etc there is nothing to do wah wah wah"" well - the game isn't finished yet, and im sure it will be awesome whatever they come up with, and they even ask people to suggest ideas, Highly recommend this game, at the moment you'll only get a few hours of fun but it will be well worth the wait, I hear rumours about co-op so that should be awesome too!"
76561198198647810,Recommended,313120,23180108,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WackyBaby67,stranded deep is a very fun game to play
76561198084709057,Recommended,313120,23371685,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Dankmemelord,coconutscoconuts everywhere10/10
,Not Recommended,313120,31086597,Posted: 11 April,all,The Magic Lemur,"The other reviews have largely nailed this, so I'll keep it brief: THe devs need to stop adding features for a bit and work on refining what they have. Not only is it buggy, but it's somehow LESS intuitive and comfortable to play than it was earlier in development.I WANT to recommend it quite a bit, but it somehow seems to be losing focus the more it gets developed.Get it together, devs."
,Recommended,313120,28919070,Posted: 1 January,all,Google Chromosomes CSGOnecro.com,hi idk why i get low fps on thios game on a medium pc just a shame because i see Youtubers play this game and it looks so cool but i just get low fps -_-
76561198351221648,Recommended,313120,28427753,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,scarecrowps30,HOW DO I GET THE 0.20 VERISON
,Recommended,313120,28437268,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sajmonness,"Stranded Deep, Stranded In The Deeps"
76561198174078951,Recommended,313120,30428556,Posted: 10 March,all,akaJakJak,great but it needs multiplayer
76561198152222885,Recommended,313120,19452383,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,black donald trump,BUY IT ITS EPIC!!!1 minor glitch (for me) The islands wont load correctly! D: SOS HELP ME FIX!!!
,Recommended,313120,22198182,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Fridryx,I NEED MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,313120,28170756,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,luklam,Pros-FunCreativeCons-NOT MUTIPLAYER
,Recommended,313120,28950098,Posted: 2 January,all,Dr..Anarchy,Day 1Crashed a plane and found an IslandDay 2Started building a Fortress out of Sticks and stones.Day 3Started hunting sharks. Killed a tiger shark and named him James. He joined me for dinner while I ate his partially cooked brother.Day 4died from a plant that stung me.10/10 would have dinner with James again
,Recommended,313120,29917523,Posted: 14 February,all,GeneralFidgetSpinner߷,A very good survival game with good graphics.
,Recommended,313120,20908907,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SPACEDOGGO,it is awesome
76561198147409075,Recommended,313120,22019519,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Skwish,Good game. Still waiting for multiplayer though.....
76561198193874343,Recommended,313120,28172036,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ConnertheGamer,Awesome
,Recommended,313120,28360914,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LurDie,Great game..
,Recommended,313120,28568223,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KILO-INDIA-ALPHA,Awesome Game!! Worth the buy.
,Recommended,313120,29011493,Posted: 4 January,all,Rybread5000,Ultra awesome game
76561198094154152,Recommended,313120,35461031,Posted: 3 October,all,Sgt.Siggy,"This game will feel early for a while, but you can still get a valuble few hours of fun in the main game. Additionally the island creator I've spent over 20 hours building islands, then living on them. You can leave yourself loot on these custom islands so it's very rewarding to make you island home setup truly from scratchGame has potential to be one of the best survival games ever if they basically turn this into a Cast Away - The Game or Robsinon Crusoe type thing. I highly reccomend this game for $15! It looks great on a nice PC too"
,Recommended,313120,14705632,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cheeze_tank,Marlin pushed me out of my life raft. 2spooky4me
76561198170071191,Recommended,313120,14382018,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Luminescense,"Buy this Exclusive early access game for ear blasting rain storms and Land sharks/Land Whales. On your raft looking treasure and find a ship? dont bother going down the Hatch youll get stuck and drown. Accidentally drop your knife and moved to another island? Better just restart your ♥♥♥♥ed more than ever now.I think we all love a pure black screen and ominous music for 30 minutes straight, Right? Have a loud mouse? might as well throw the mouse away or repeatedly click 100 times to chop down a tree with a pocket knife or your axe that has a shard of rock for the blade.  11/10 People will uninstall system 32 after playing this game."
,Recommended,313120,14181230,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,EmbersOasis,"Day 1: Start next to an island, paddle over to it. Halfway over to it, I have to get off, so I log off my computer and leave for awhile. I come back, Theres like, 5 sharks around me, im bleeding, AND MY LIFE RAFT IS GONE, JUST GONE! I start swiming as fast as I can to the nearest island, all the while being attacked by sharks. I make it there, but my arms all bloody now. I get some stuff from a tree, and a few cocanuts fall down. Then, I see a shark fin. Not in the water, heading right over to me, ON THE LAND. It hits the cocanut, smacking it into the water. I get really scared, running up the nearest tree. The tree falls over, and I hit the ground and die10/10 would see landsharks smacking your food away from you"
,Recommended,313120,31657245,Posted: 9 May,all,PetrasOfTheDeep,"A little laggy, but all in all, this is a pretty good game."
76561198153950731,Recommended,313120,29927602,Posted: 14 February,all,kevanssith,I dont know why people whine about this game I think its awesome even though I suck at it and need a better PC to play on I think its a good decently challenging game. With tons of places to explore and do.
76561198083787350,Recommended,313120,14419748,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ariten,This is a really good game with lots of potential. This is a game to keep an eye on!
,Recommended,313120,14166858,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sc00t,"This game is an absolute pleasure to play. The exploration of coral reefs and wrecked ships etc alike is absolutely fascinating and breathtaking. The game mechanics are very simple but fun to use. Building a house took me a good few hours, due to breaking wood, finding all the appropriate materials and then an abundance of time spent ♥♥♥♥ing about killing sharks and♥♥♥♥♥♥ That brings me onto sharks, as much as they are sp00ky as ♥♥♥♥, they rarely attack and are relatively simple to kill. Expect a few bugs in this game at its current state, but apart from that, a great game with a great potential to become brilliant11/10"
,Recommended,313120,14274867,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Marashni,"Ate Some Raw Potatoes, Flew Around On A Shark. 10/10 Would Fly Shark Again."
,Recommended,313120,14180597,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ippe,"The thumb-up is not even high I want to rate this game. The best survival game I have played. Your limits are quite high while playing (for example: buildings/ tools/ materials) and I think that if/when this game gets Workshop it will be succees. Because survival games are good games for modding I don't see anything why this game should not have a Workshop in near future. I love the random maps, while it gives more challenge, and the building logic is good."
76561198108149741,Recommended,313120,19680969,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SoaR Pugg,VERY FUN KINDA LIKE CAST AWAY SAME STUFF
76561198250499838,Not Recommended,313120,33798915,Posted: 25 July,all,Kapper,I don't like it. It crashes a lot and the frame rate is low. I understand that its an early access but I still don't like it. I wish I could refund it but my playtime is over 2 hours (the max for refunds). I find that dumb too.
76561198085821142,Not Recommended,313120,33736260,Posted: 22 July,all,Wywy,"fun for a few hours then gets a bit ""rinse and repeat.""a game like this really needs multiplayer to be fun, even in early development, much like the forest.until multiplayer is released (if it is at all) i give the game a 4/10 due to the promise it shows for future updates and the devs sticking with the project.the map designer is also a nice plus, make your perfect tropical paradise and survive on itbuuuut the islands are pretty tiny and a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to live on.p.s. half the plants in the game dont grow on tropical desert islands irl, and it kinda throws immersion if you know anything about any plant ever."
,Recommended,313120,19724575,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Capt. Crunch,"Aesthetically pleasing graphics, beautifully optimized. Quite a vast amount of bugs, mainly I've found with object placing in the world once the world's been generated, however it doesn't take away from beauty and functionality of the game, and is to be expected while in early access, so no complaints from me.Fantastic job so far developers, looking forward to see what else you can bring to the table to expand on the game :)"
,Recommended,313120,34140115,Posted: 9 August,all,AM:PM.Iko-Nyandesu~,"Well from me, all i need is ""CO:OP Mode""i feel lonely there. if only you could create ""PET SYSTEM"" then i guess it will be more fun to play.anyway all of Sharks are really annoying. tried to dive and found shark. kill one i got another. man i wonder how many sharks are there (lol).Overall this game got a lot of fun, you can create something, exploring island and diving with our lovely sharks, and spending all day for doing nothing."
76561198033055939,Not Recommended,313120,35074518,Posted: 19 September,all,Poopy Pants,"I remember playing this game for hours and the only annoying thing was that you had to keep finding coconuts because thirst would go down very fast.The mechanics were stupid: Climb, pick up the coconut, climb back down, equip coconut, drop the coconut, hit the coconut, pick up coconut again, equip coconut, drink coconut.REALLY??? WHY ALL THIS NONSENSE???But NOW... the game is all about stupidity.You have to keep killing crabs, climb for coconuts.... and oh♥♥♥♥♥♥your knife broke. It took only 20 minutes to craft a friggin knife and now you have to go look for stones again.You go look for stones, fibrous leaves and stuff, you almost die by a very dangerous crab and you have a new knife! Well♥♥♥♥♥♥you're almost dead from starvation!You kill 4 crabs, spend 10 minutes of fire starting and cook each crab one by one with your magical powers of levitation... after 30 minutes the hunger status is... a bit raised.. and you decide to go explore a little bit!!!!ALRIGHT! THIS IS IT!.... A shark swimming impossibly close to the beach attacks and you're forced back on the island where you rage quit because this game MAKES NO ♥♥♥♥ING SENSE ANYMORE!"
76561198082984183,Recommended,313120,19748919,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TheThirdWorld,"Love this game, 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,20923379,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,King Nehtinoj Enarc,"Let me start by saying that I did love this game. But unfortunatly, I felt like there was only so much that I could do with it after a while. Only 8 days into surviving, I built a great big awesome looking shelter. My food supply was potentiolly infinite and I was at a point where I was never hungry. I had ample resources, and explored SO MUCH of my world.But that was only with about 10 hours of gameplay. Now I feel like there is nothing left to do. There really isnt much else for me to explore, and even if there was, I feel like it would only be a repeat of what I had already seen. After I build my shelter, what exactly else was I suppossed to do? I wasn't surviving, I was thriving, and I wanted to keep playing, but with a very limited building feature, I feel like there really wasn't much I could do creativly outside of the map maker, which again, with it's limeted options, became repetitive really quickly.Again, let me say that I loved this game, and in the future, it can realy only get better, but at the stage it's at now, I really can't see myself playing it anymore.Even popular youtube channels only crank out about a dozen episodes a season on this game.This obviously is still being developed and there is going to be a lot more you can do in the game on the way so I will be recomending this to my friends.But don't be suprised if you find yourself with nothing more to do relativley quickly.Can't wait to see what else is in store in the future."
76561198183886734,Not Recommended,313120,34335537,Posted: 18 August,all,theesterlines,I do NOT recommend this game for it is extemely repetitive
76561198181163922,Recommended,313120,25380872,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,BakinBuckets,Good game
76561198129842892,Recommended,313120,25597452,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,locky,watermelooooooooooooooooon
,Recommended,313120,25456267,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,KingOstentation,Add co op already you
,Recommended,313120,19524647,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,HedgeHopper94,"Fun and immersive! The crafting mechanics are different from other survival games, and requires some getting used to, but once you do, this game is fun! Hoping that once more updates come up, the replay value will rise, but since it is still early access I'm extremely impressed."
76561198163413436,Recommended,313120,19720217,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,hippocrytical,Sharks are spooky.
76561198149845575,Recommended,313120,19948388,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[TMT]jarhead4202.jm,every time i went to play the game would crash so i refunded but on youtube look like a good game
76561198031567174,Recommended,313120,20739875,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,mmcnelis,"I need advice. My game keeps crashing, I can't grab the paddle, and I can't open anything. What do I do."
76561198087840460,Recommended,313120,19688429,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ray-Q,"I recommend this game because I see potential in it. The Beam Team just released a major update, and now that theyve gotten through an engine change, I expect them to begin releasing content steadily.As for the game - It's one of those games that can feel like a horror game even though it isn't one. Maybe Im just a wus, but I get extremely paranoid when rowing out into the open sea in a tiny wooden raft with sharks threatening to tip me into the water. The newly added waves add to that effect - particularly when its storming.If youre looking for a completed game, then dont buy this one yet. Ive been able to get ~10 hrs of gameplay out of the game in its current state, but I expect to get new content soon."
,Recommended,313120,19932480,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mr.Narsh,"I've been palying this game at my friend's house for a long time and descided to buy it for myself.Why? Because I fell in love with the survival concept of the movie ""Cast away"" and this game follows that idea.You can craft, hunt, explore, gather materials to build a house or anything else you can come up with your imagination.There's a watch on your wrist that keeps track of time, days of survival, temperature, hunger, thirst and health.The graphics look great, you really get the impression that you are on your own in a world that has no zombies or such, but just basis survival elements.Chop down trees, climb into palmtrees to grab coconuts, use a spear to catch crabs or fish. Swim in the ocean to reach a sunken boat and explore it to find helpful items... but keep a eye out for the dangers lurking in the deep blue sea.You can get sick, hungry, thirsty or even fall out of tree and break something. Help isn't coming, only you can help yourself.The devs are very acitve and they try out new stuff. They are also very helpful: I had a problem with my water bottle... Fixed. Lost my boat and hoped for the raft to return... Fixed. Return of weather... Fixed.Just talk to them normally and they will listen.Got bugs? Use the bug report, they will try to fix things. Don't forget, they are a small team so things might take time.I love to see what the future brings for this game."
,Recommended,313120,19493460,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Clayton D.,Please make Multiplayer
,Recommended,313120,19530754,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,synth,R.I.P GAME
,Recommended,313120,19541273,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,slurmer,Cast Away: The Video Game    It's pretty good
76561198114293485,Recommended,313120,19543161,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Insane_Radish,please make this multiplayer soon
,Recommended,313120,19580519,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,meta1331,Stranded Deep is awesome and definitly deserves the popularity it has. Thank you to all of the youtubers who helped this game's fanbase grow.
,Recommended,313120,19717980,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,DaveTheBarbarian,"You want to **** in your pants? then play this game.I loved this game, its like rust but forever alone, I always think something will attack me on night so i put 4 campfires to see around me.Once, i spawned and in less than 15 secs i had 2 sharks around me, i saved just in case, closed the game, came back, loaded the game, and i was suddenly in the water and died so damn fast."
76561198201815556,Recommended,313120,20237725,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,420NightSavage,can u make online
,Recommended,313120,20385897,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,mohawkd12,"My rating: 8/10Worth buying at: $10 and lessReplay value: ModerateMultiplayer: No, but single player is greatReview:Ever wondered how long you'd last if stranded on a remote tropical island? Well wonder no more!Stranded Deep is an excellent remote island survival game that incorporates fishing, hunting, foraging, cooking, building, crafting, fighting, exploring, and collecting resources, among many other interesting and fun aspects.I spent my first few in-game days collecting various resources scattered on my island, exploring a couple shipwrecks and one underwater plane wreck for supplies, spearfishing some anchovies (which were cooked and eaten), and attempting to avoid a tiger shark that circled a shipwreck near my island.The game has an excellent system to create custom maps and easily add them into the world you are currently playing, without having to start over. The combat is good, but not great, and there is a decent amount of realism to it. Some obstacles for you to overcome are: starvation, sharks, dehydration, overexposure, sharks, sickness, poisoning, and sharks. Also, sharks.There is still much needed for the game to have an extended replay value of 20+ hours, but it is already apparent that the devs are in the process of adding farming and medicine to the game, surely among other things. For an early access game, this is about as good as they get."
76561198265647991,Recommended,313120,19667159,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,brokinspine,"From Gameplay videos (Keralis on youtube) the game seems pretty cool and id suggest it BUT... My first experience is  let down every time I go to start a new game it crashes, Dissapointing"
76561198170170234,Recommended,313120,19680307,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,daddy,its good its a easy run on laptops if you have the right settings on
76561198124301947,Recommended,313120,19683117,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blocksofsteel,This game has amazing potential. I can't wait to see it progress further.
76561198075245664,Recommended,313120,19645131,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,shiver me biscuits,"Good game but is unplayable for me at current update, stays on loading level screen for hours"
76561198357571411,Recommended,313120,34357860,Posted: 19 August,all,pacifickid6356,"I like this game, but it is super hard. If you do not like hard games then do not get this game"
,Not Recommended,313120,34388089,Posted: 20 August,all,TheRealMile,"LOL MISSIONS??? IM SURVIVOR OF A CRASHED PLANE IN UNCHARTED WATERS, MY FIRST GOAL SHOULD BE GETTING THE ♥♥♥♥ OUTTA HERE... NO GIVE ME MISSIONS TO FIND♥♥♥♥♥♥TO STAY HERE IN THIS DUMB ♥♥♥♥IN GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,313120,33982083,Posted: 2 August,all,~Hydric~,"STRANDED DEEPThis is a game that is for players who like a lot of survivalist stuff in their games. The premise of the game is simple: you survive a plan crash and take a life raft to a nearby island and try to survive long enough for help. Sounds kind of fun yeah?At first I was really liking the idea of surviving on a tiny island with some resources and having the need to take your raft island hopping to get more resources to further your chances of survival.... until I played the game. Everything plays against you on a grand scale. From what I have played so far everything is 100% randomized on the start of a new game. So one island you start out on in one game won't be the same in the next. The items you need to craft, tools, structures, etcetera, are also 100% random. During one playthrough I needed to make a refined knife, a task within the first 5 minutes of the game, I searched the island and there were no more rocks because I needed to make a basic knife first!! This means I needed to hop into my raft and head over to the nearest island a good 10 to 15 minutes away....7 minutes from shore a massive fog appears and blots out ANY islands I could see previously in 360 degrees! The fog lasted until I died! The problem here is in order advance further you need to have craftable items. Sure the whole game has you island hopping to get these craftable items, but damn it, withing the first 5 minutes of the game!?!?Furthermore, if you mess up just 1 time your good as screwed! Time is also a against you as well. During one playthrough I was busy crafting when suddenly BAM! It was pitch black and I could not see a damned thing! The day and night transition is non-existent! It's like someone just flipped a light switch! I turned my brightness level to 100% and it did NOTHING to help!!!!To make the urgency of how critical of a situation you are in, you can watch your vitals drop...and boy do they from your watch. They are in sequence with how fast the time flies in this game. Literally this game really ends up ****ing you right up the pooper from the get go. It seems the game is only geared to end up screwing the players over. This is the WORSE $15 I ever spent! I do not suggest this game to anyone except those that hate themselves and like to cause self inflicted pain."
76561198270978457,Recommended,313120,19925946,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Maximilian VI,i saw thinknoodles play it and it showed a plane crash it doesnt show it and more
76561197971026102,Recommended,313120,18175463,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Soulmusic,happy SCARED happy SCARED happy SCARED happy.Immense fun. Once co-op is implemented it will be even better. Early access of course but very promising.
76561198039545240,Recommended,313120,18215453,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kayo Dot,Such a beautiful game. Great graphics and endless fun!
76561198116724809,Recommended,313120,18228961,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,NorthernKaizer,"great  game. real early access with a ton of potential. the crafting is refreshingly unusual, and the ocean is well done.only thoughts i have are that the islands are a little far apart and a bit small. one idea to remedy this is add in rare atolls, they would give an excellent point of reference for players and a place to call home.the other is a lack of use for some items and to few items on top of that.but for two guys working on it its coming along nicely i imagine these guys have families and lives like the rest of us so give them a break and instead of complaining toss out some ideas"
,Recommended,313120,20482647,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Spookykev,For an early ascess game it is beautifula nd quite fun. If an actual study got a hold of this game it would definately have amazing potential as of right now its a survival inspired title inspired by the movie Cast Away and is definately playable. Hope to see this get continued developement and would reccomend as an early ascess game.
,Recommended,313120,20482894,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr Saxon,"If we were able to put a few small items in the life raft for easier transport instead of having to depend completely on your carry capacity we traveling to different islands for supplies, would be nice. We also need a maps or charts to figure out where we are and mark our settlement.The islands are far too small. If you give us the ability to build then please add larger islands that can sustain a fort.For the most part I like this game. I dont play it often because of the things above. If it was fixed and a multiplayer option was added it think it would be a far greater came."
,Recommended,313120,20662297,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,torahthumper,"Stranded Deep is potentially the best game ever created in its genre. am so excitedbout the addition of farming in future builds and the possilities of multi-player is riveting.I am a bit annoyed by the inability to cut down Palm trees, but I believe the finished product is worth all the frustrations that I must deal with in the present. I would love to see some wild animals in the game: Wild Boar, tigers, monkeys, snakes and Lizards. Also, I would like to see banana trees with fruit."
76561197976395027,Recommended,313120,20760825,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Flakes,"A very strategic and realistic survival game. Gather what you can and hold out for days each day learning to craft new things, kill for food set traps and bait sea creatures, fend off from sharks, ect. There are a lot of elements to this game and considering it is an early access game there are still more features to be added."
76561198208053760,Recommended,313120,20825596,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ツ Spragles,"this is an awesome game love it so much, a few minor bugs but not too bad but it does lag a little bit.i think it would be awesome if they added multiplayer to the game and maybe a bow and a few more animals.this is a great game so i would recommend you get it."
,Recommended,313120,21532853,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TheBeaves,The updating may take a while but this is one of those games you come back too every few weeks and it just gets better and better. There is a SH*T ton of potential here and it really is shaping up to be a really fun game. Can't wait for the Multiplayer and a more flushed out inventory system. I'm a loot wh*re
76561198167870740,Recommended,313120,21534429,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Snow-fox,"A Very good game I definitely recommend it to anyone who reads this; Also, A note to the game creators if they read these, Is that you guys need to add ranged weapons. Well, Thanks for making this game, anyway."
,Recommended,313120,21546044,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SirSlashALot,"I definitely recommend this game now. I got it a year ago and was bored after surviving about 15 days; however, the devs have added a TON of cool things to it since then, adding to the polish of the game. There are still some snags here and there but trust me when I say this game is worth the $15 (speaking of which, if I were the devs, I'd up the price to $20 upon release). Some pros and cons below:Pros:- gorgeous, even on lowest settings- runs amazingly; well optimized- very active developersCons:- no end/rescue yet- building system is *sometimes frustrating- it's early acccess and still has bugs (just deal with it)Overall rating: 4/5   (probably 4.5 when they release the stable/alpha)."
76561198060488207,Recommended,313120,22348731,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Krafty83,"This review is aimed at the Island Editor.. I Love It! lolI've put a lot of time into a couple island and tried playing them without much disappointment, only problem I've had with lag so far is on my last Project.. here's how it went.Ok so, Wanted a nice big cave like island.. Started building..here it ishttp://i.imgur.com/E9xMG4v.jpgJumped into the game excited to see my new home ingame set off towards the closest island to get started on my raft for the trip to search for what i named "" SeaBase Dome"" ( i know, lame.....shut up lol)..not 15seconds into the trip ominous music starts....don't look back just keep paddling....found a wreck to check out so i stopped and hopped off the raft so i don't get launched into the sea by my new friend..who was apparently lonely.http://i.imgur.com/vWL8gju.jpgdid my quick search and headed off again. my friend decided to speed up my travels and popped me from below and sent me 50feet towards the shore lol.. i said thank you and hit the beach.after setting up a shelter and fire etc, i built a quick raft with a sail, setup a water catch grabbed a couple coconuts and hit the waves in search for my island.*boring cruise around not stopping for anything*There she appeared in the distance, soo pretty.... full speed ahead towards the entrance (suddenly realized...I put alot of sharks on the outter edges..) slight panic set in and i continued ahead keeping my eyes peeled..outside wasn't too bad.. but as i hit the entrance and everything loaded up my world came to a crawl, FPS dropped from nice and smooth to strobelight effect 1fps....crazy i thought.. waited a bit and it never got better.I'm still happy with the game, once its optimized nicely i really hope this problem doesn't continue, but until then i'm just going to remove some stuff and hope it works..lolhttp://i.imgur.com/oTrCpOn.jpgreally wanted to have is completely covered in greenery but i think thats what is lagging my island out so much..All in all, I Recommend this game if you get tired of just playing and want to start adding your own twist to things.the Game itself is not long..you can probably strip every island in the area clear fairly quickly if you have the time, but there is enough to do on the side with diving for wrecks and fighting sharks it'll keep you content i think..couple more screens just cause :Phttp://i.imgur.com/cj2N5Se.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/zLNGjbQ.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/b2zjZdV.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/LxViX6X.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/BoH2nM3.jpg"
,Recommended,313120,22896064,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ⓜajor,"First German then EnglishGermanDas Spiel ist Extrem geil aber: Vor einiger Zeit kam ein update,die ganze Grafik verbessert und alles neu gemacht leider gibt es wieder die ganzen buggs wie z.B. das man aus dem Boot glitcht. Es hat jetzt leider schlechtere bewertungen. Also nicht wundern wieso es so viele bugs gibtEnglishThe game is only buggy because the were a very big update and with this update came lots of bugs into the game but the bugs will be fixed and the graphics are very good. You only need a good computer"
76561198072061785,Not Recommended,313120,26626720,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,turtlegamer360,played this game when it was just new. the only thing they made right was bigger islands. other than that the new crafting system sucks.5/10 got bored of it
76561198066135408,Recommended,313120,20747855,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Łock™,"I like the game, the solutions is great, and enjoyable, the environment is looks good, however it has many texture bugs, and the physics is unrealistic, but this is a game with early acces, so those problems are overlooked. In turn very bad that we can't play co-operative yet, in turn it's much to raise the level of the game."
76561198193845271,Recommended,313120,21633540,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Real KennyS,i made a review a couple of months ago saying that this is the worst game i ever bought it  would not load and was very stupid no i was very stupid i just bought the asus radeon R7 240 and it is beutifull so i suck very much and i can seee my legs so exited10/10 would get proved wrong again
,Recommended,313120,22437943,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,misswonderlandx3,"Played it,Streamed it,  Loved it :D***************************MissWonderlandX3"
76561198208226967,Recommended,313120,22723942,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Baba Yaga,felt like i was in the movie castaway for real. Not the best to play if you get sea sick easily as i do. good game overall
76561198189550263,Recommended,313120,22763812,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JustSomeRandomName...,"It is a really fun game but I F****************** HATE THE WATER MECHANICS, YOU HAVE TO DRINK LOADS OF WATER EVERY 2 MINUTES."
,Not Recommended,313120,32245678,Posted: 7 June,all,Sir ~Noop~,"This game is wonderfully realistic, but I find that after about 10 hours of playing the difficulty to survive is gone. I have a solar still, (I.E an unlimited supply of water) and enough crabs to survive forever. If you have any input on what to do next i would greatly appreaciate it.Pros: Realistic, great graphics, atmospheric, smooth gameplay.Cons: Not enough to do."
76561198254797657,Recommended,313120,32366974,Posted: 12 June,all,Dat Jack (not so mlg),"Yes,its good game but it needs lot more updates."
,Recommended,313120,17358886,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bearger,"the game being in early stages is not super fun after a while but i can see huge potential with it.in the future i would like to see more storage, a larger variety in size and type of islands, more wildlife, and Multiplayer.i also think it would be cool if you could connect rats and mabey even build on top and make floating island and house boats. over all good game with great potential."
,Not Recommended,313120,17632543,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SilencerNate,"I admit, I had high expectations for this game.  I watched countless YouTube videos of it being played before I jumped in and played myself.  While the gameplay itself isn't terrible in any way (except sharks are far too easy to kill), this game lacks developer support and updates most of all.  The core gameplay is okay, and it will keep you entertained for awhile, however, ultimately there is no ""endgame"" or point in continuing after a certain point.  After 3 days, I was able to get a nice shelter, plenty of food to last for weeks, and was left wondering what to do next.  For a survival game, it should be a hard grind just to live, and I never really felt like that was the case here."
,Recommended,313120,17683786,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SoMeOnE_the_oDD,"Review v.2Stranded Deep issimple; it'sclean; and it's remarkably relaxing in its own quirky, ""going to die any day now"" sort of way. I may not be the best person to explain where this game is going but I can say that I've been impressed both by the consistent output of the developers and with their ability to resist as well as to absorb the hundreds of novel suggestions made endlessly on the forums in order to keep the game on track for it's core design.[flattery]SD is being developed by an extraordinarily small team: a pair of dedicated Australians with high standards, high hopes, and enough patience to deliver them both. I can't stress enough how unfairly lofty the standards I hold these guys to is yet they've done a remarkable job at keeping up.[/flattery][don't panic]If absolutely nothing else, Stranded Deep demonstrates a demand for a particular subgenre of survival that the market won't forget. If this game isn't the game you wanted to play, it will almost certainly inspire the one you do.[/don't panic][forum prep]Sifting the forums and reviews you'll find your standard fare: players criticizing stagnation the day after a major update, demands that profits are immoral and claims that enjoyable playtime has no bearing on a game's value, declarations that the developers were sighted drinking martinis and flying privately owned and brightly colored helicopters with their banker friends, Rock-Paper-Shotgun blindly reviewing an outdated version of the game and calling it a day, and complaints that fanboys have taken over the forum and are censoring every single thing we say. I'm here to say IT'S ALLTRUE! DON'T FALL FOR THEIRCLEVER LIES.IT'S ALL PART OF THEIR EVIL SCHEMES SO THATYOU CANNEVER TRULYSAY WHAT YOU WANT.[/forum prep]UpsThegraphicsare amazing even without their own vibrant stylization to hold them together. The islands, at least when the generation is running correctly, look and feel like islands. The lighting effects and weather in particular stand out as being the foundations holding the game together. Every prop, plant, creature, and stone in the game looks great and fits in perfectly with the experience.Theoceanhas actual waves now. Work is being done to allow better interactions with shorelines as well as storm induced sea levels. Actual waves were not in the original design to my knowledge but were made possible by the new engine updates. This is part of the added time for release.Thecraftingis excellent in terms of graphics and simplicity. There aren't gun factories, metal forges, or bakeries. Regardless of balance (which is largely ignored while the crafting systems are revamped), the tools, housing, and raft elements look and interact very well, fitting in with the idyllic lost-on-an-island-forever lifestyle you're here to enjoy.Themap editorallows you to both create your own islands and to arrange your own map on a grid of islands and oceans. The island creation works surprisingly well given that it appeared out of nowhere after a brief pause in development. Given time and a little patience, you can create decent islands and, eventually, share them with the community.Navigationwas always my favorite part of the game. Taking out a piece of paper and learning to triangulate from scratch makes me feel almost productive. Creating new ways to chart your course--whether it be a potato compass, coconut bread crumbs, or sticks pointing towards home--is intriguing and kept me playing long after I'd ejected myself to preserve the gameplay for later.Thepirates and sea monstersare entirely imaginary. They don't exist, thank god. SD invites imagination and wishful thinking and its community tends to encourage it thanks to a healthy trust for the developers' sanity.DownsThegraphicsare, in the current version, less than optimized. They were in previous versions but then several major systems and an entire ocean were added to the game. Screenshots of low-end computers can come up with some doozies. Stop into the forums and double check your system requirements if this affects you.Theoceancontains almost as many bugs as it does fish if you look closely enough. It's been improved constantly and I don't doubt it will be perfected in the end but expect some hiccups along the way. Flaring refractions, flying fish, land sharks, overturned rafts, and complete transparency to the seafloor are frequent offenders.Thecraftingis unfinished and imperfect due to limitations in the work needed for more complex systems. The building feels overly modular and the restrictions that would normally keep players from using stronger materials (which range from driftwood to shipping container panels) and multi-story buildings are not in place yet. This and the eventual inclusion of farming are enough to worry (not for good reasons, but for reasons nonetheless) anyone who's grown tired of the winnable survival games of the previous generation of titles.Themap editorreveals too much of the underlying organization of the world. Knowing that the world is on a grid simplifies the process ofnavigationand breaks down the mystery inherent to being lost (hint: draw your points on a grid). It's difficult for me to play my own maps or islands because I know them so intimately. Once the community element has been added I suspect this problem may be less so. Thumbnails used for distant islands, the relatively close distance between them and inability to take measurements from the center of an island, my own ineptitude at redrawing triangles, and an ever growing permanent collection of thumbnails on the horizon as you explore further islands obstruct manual charting.Thelimitationsinherent to a small team working on a game that could go in a thousand directions means that you will not see all of your wishes realized and those that you do will be simplified for gameplay. Consider your own wishes a facet of the game's fan-fiction. It's fun to make stuff up and that's enough to get by with if you have to.Thepirates and sea monsterscould have been so much fun if the developers had only agreed to ruin their game by including them. Discussions of leviathons, mermaids, super sharks, lions, tigers, and bears will take up minutes--minutes!--of your time. Cannon foundries, downed helicopters, recovered rifles, shark skin armor, wild boars and wild cats, bungalows and island hotels, martinis, cannibals, and even the occasional Somalian pirate speedboat make appearances in the forums if you're looking to collect colorful ideas.I'm no master listsman so try not to read too much into these thoughts beyond the actual words necessary to literally read the review. I enjoyed it. You might not. Whether you do or don't, try not to worry about it and have a nice day."
76561198024120645,Recommended,313120,17944647,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Chief Mojo Rising,"currently i'm on the experiment build from the 8th of septemeber 2015, the game looked beautiful before today. as a side note i'd like to add i managed to get some screenshots from the previous builds which were impressive and pretty.with todays update, the first thing i saw was a huge island, and i mean, huge in comparison to the previous sizes which were kinda tiny.since the intial release, the people making this game have introduced multiple updates for the crafting system, the engine, the pause menu and it's capabilities along with allowing options to tweak the graphics, which in my opinion shouldn't be priority as i'd prefer updates such as the one released (experimentally) today.this new update is brilliant, the scenery seems  more vibrant, the assets have been upgraded significantly and the whole thing seems more ""i'm lost and alone"" as it is a survival game while being stranded.we have also been blessed with masses of wood and craft stuff on one island more than before (unless i got lucky).i wont intice you to buy this beta application, keep your ears open for later news, they've done some cool stuff and are more engaging than some beta's i've been involved with!"
,Recommended,313120,18210362,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CapnAndy,"Stranded deep is a crafting, semi sandbox, survival game. I call it a semi sandbox because yes, you can build things, but what it lacks is the ability to manipulate the environment (Dig holes, break large boulders, etc.) I feel that Stranded Deep is an excellent beginning of a game so far. It only lacks the content necessary to be considered a complete game. However, I feel the game in its current state is worth the $15. The dev team has been great with fixing bugs and making the game more functional rather than stuffing content into it and breaking it further *cough* DayZ *cough*. The devs have worked with the players and have a great baseline and great plans for the future. Currently, Stranded Deep will get monotonous and boring after a few hours due to the lack of objectives and content, but, again I'm gonna say this game has great potential and is worth picking up or at least following for a few more months as it grows into a more complete game.*Updated Review as of 0.10*Alright, It's February 2016, and the game is coming along very well. It's still glitchy and unrefined as any early access game is. The devs have implemented a map editing system that I'm still figuring out. Beyond this, larger islands and other structures have been implemented and the game feels much more enjoyable to play with all this new, functioning content. Stranded deep is definately worth $15 now, and I'd reccomend picking it up before the price goes up further into development"
76561198075306633,Recommended,313120,18261130,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MaveriCK,"Cannot believe how enthralling this game is for what it is right now. It's very basic in its current but is being updated, slowly but surely adding more content.I really liked the absence of detailed back story, it lends itself really well to grabbing my attention. You're a person who's survived a plane crash after 'crafting' a martini and your goal is to survive. I found it immersing in a ""what if this happened to me"" sort of way, creating my own story as I try to survive. Rather than playing out a story someone has made for you.I hope this game gets finished."
,Recommended,313120,18711192,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,YellowDogSeven,"So I started getting my basics down. Fire, food and water.  Even got roof over my head. Needed some stones and left in my raft for another island.It went dark. Got scared by a shark and dropt my lighter. In my desperation to find fire I started going around in circles between the close by islands. Lost my home, ate a bad fish, got sick and the last hour playing this I have been looking at my hunger/water/health meter all the time, it does not look good...  It have gone to my head that I could die from the illness and this feel sad.I will not give up yet, someone could find me! Right? RIGHT?!"
,Recommended,313120,19040022,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,BringBackAsbestos,"The experimental update looks really promising, the new water system is just so sexy."
,Recommended,313120,20003841,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,anticharm,Great early access game.
,Recommended,313120,20566450,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,VaultDweller,"I donwloaded the game and it seems to have downloaded an outdated version. the intro isnt even in here and the crafting menu is half what it should be, not only i cant do half the crap i should be able to do. hopefully a next update can fix it."
76561198263708148,Recommended,313120,20747919,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Worm_Your_Honor,This game is fun. I like doing map creater and putting ship wrecks on the island or near. It gets kinda boring after a while. 9/10
76561198074752416,Recommended,313120,20750168,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[xDirex]GizmoHunter,This game is so fun and has a great future. I really recomend this game. The game could be more popular if they added multiplayer (mod).
76561197972635588,Recommended,313120,20780162,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Clarke,"One word to sum it up would be great. Graphics are outstanding , game play sucks you right in , and the future of this game looks and sounds promissing."
76561198192001477,Recommended,313120,30745545,Posted: 26 March,all,awbaker1987,"I thoroughly enjoy this game. I have spent many hours on it, and with every substantial update I go back for more."
76561198051505813,Not Recommended,313120,17241604,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,AlphaGamur,"Bought this game back in Feb. Played it for less than 2 hours. Ran out of stuff to do. Figured I would play it again after it go some updates. Here we are 5 months later and the game is basically still the same. I'm not really sure why it has so many positive reviews. If the game had more content I would definitely recomend it. But once you eat a crab, some coconut start a fire, you've done about all there is to do."
,Not Recommended,313120,17703880,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Arami,"It's a good looking game and it has solid controls. I just tired of rowing and rowing and rowing. You can get a motorboat, but it takes a lot of rowing to get to the parts and get them back to your base."
76561198009595827,Not Recommended,313120,17789798,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dickmeis,(BORING)
76561198209476948,Recommended,313120,17907847,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,amarat,alot of fun
76561198089505204,Recommended,313120,17914231,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,IrieCool,GREAT GAME FINISH IT ALREADY!
76561198141897256,Recommended,313120,20499312,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,( ͠° ͜ʖ °),how do you get mods?
,Recommended,313120,20510212,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ALBZ,"I love this game! But there are some small issues that should be fixed though.. Like for example: Some trees dont have mesh collider or whatever u guys use, I couldnt find any ''Controls'' in options, to see what buttons are connected to what, and one time when I slept in the bed the skyline became weird (Think it was some occlusion issue) I could see a dark skyline through the trees and stuff! Anyways, This game is amazing and the game quality is amazing as well so good job with the game! Btw the new updates were super nice.. Last time I played the Islands were super small and I didnt enjoy playing it that much..Now I did/do :)"
,Recommended,313120,20566794,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,KreatorB,"After Several updates and messing with options, etc. I have gotten the game to run rather well. So that is a Good thing. The game seems well designed, easy to understand and the concept rather fun. JUST SURVIVE! So I am changing my previous review (below) and giving a thumbs UP! ENJOYOLD REVIEW: ""While the graphics and the idea  are cool indeed, I have yet to encounter nothing but crashes or freezes! Lets see, level editor has no way out and crashes my system, game goes to command window and freezes and the game menu once entered can not return! While I have looked forward to this game for a long time, I wonder why issues like these  still occur with a game so far after the release date! I would not say it is a bad game, just a game loaded with bad bugs.... In my opinion, Game is risky at best!"""
76561197986223876,Recommended,313120,21529220,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr. Frippe,"I like the idea of this and the gameplay! But there's one thing that's not as good as i was hoping for, the creating-part. Yes once you get it and created one thing you wont ahve any more problems. but at the beginning i had no clue how to even start creat, i was looking at a tab but found nothing so i had to google that♥♥♥♥♥♥just to see HOW to survive in this game. but other than that i enjoyed the time playing it and all sorts of dangers that's lurking and all the survival tricks you can do!"
,Recommended,313120,22084064,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CommunistHedgehog,"Since I watched Cast Away in 2008 I seeked a game of this type. Now I found it! Well, I found it over a year ago and bought it as soon as I saw it. Game is amazing! The Devs sure take their time but, worth the wait. If you are into survival games, be sure to add this one to your collection."
76561198145236018,Recommended,313120,22238441,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tat2ghost,This is a good game.is it woth 14.99? yes theres only one problem!it gets very boring after about a hour.So please hurry up with the updates.
76561198294752017,Recommended,313120,22243208,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,dimaggiokids,great game. the graphics arae good i have no complaints
76561198019079198,Recommended,313120,22670341,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,WesternDevil,Good base game. Lots of potential. Needs more walking zombie sharks and coconut launching catapaults though. Otherwise I highly recommend.
76561198130492492,Recommended,313120,23561599,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bhdoughty,I think that the game is pretty great but they could add multiplayer and also more ways of obtaining resources on the islands and not have to go to another island just to get more resources. Simply put: trees growing faster and things washing up on islands more frequently or something.
,Recommended,313120,28066919,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KCPR,"Good fishing simulator. Best for long boring evenings, get hot chocolate, turn lights off and play."
76561198134432319,Recommended,313120,30761592,Posted: 26 March,all,Umby,"Even though it runs pretty bad on my PC, still usable to a conciderably good level. Had to turn my graphics level to complete trash, but it was worth getting.Higher end PCs can play this without any flaws. Just occasional glitches to deal with.The only glitches I encountered are:Spawning very high above the game falling to my death. -Fixed by rebooting the game.Spawning far below the map dying almost instantly. -Fixed by rebooting the game.Swimming backwards made me drown instantly. -Only happened once, I believe I hit a nasty glitch somewhere.When jumping up to a platform higher than i can jump, I ""noclip"" through it, taking minor damage occasionally.Alpha or not, it's a really great game, the quality is amazing, watching sunsets is beautiful, then ya have to deal with surviving against the elements, keeps ya on your toes, quite fun to mess around with stuff.Throwing stuff across the islands that you don't need or are in your way, somehow a good stress relief...Diving to shipwrecks and bringing up useful things, all sorts of good things to do.The only thing I don't like is the plane crash scene, Certified Ear Sauce if ya have headphones, or the volume up high...OR the game's master volume on full. Suggest you turn it down before you start playing.Apart from the glitches, and the ""Ear Sauce Airlines"" as i call it, I'd suggest you get this game...if you have a good PC...cause mine is...meh...ok, but I can still play it."
76561198147183761,Recommended,313120,17379450,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Arrays start at 1,"-Finds coconut-Eats coconut-See's rock-Breaks rock-puts on stick-unstoppable-Stabs crab-That'll show em-See's cloud, seems kind of dark-♥♥♥♥ing raining-Freaks the ♥♥♥♥ out-Sits in hut with hammer-Gets struck by ♥♥♥♥ing lightning-Gets reward for being ""Thor""10/10 Would get struck by lightning again."
76561198028625862,Recommended,313120,17745105,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Herbivore The Carnivorous Goat,Found a Label Maker in my first shipwreck and named every single item I didn't immediately use.- The Raft of Rafting- The Axe of Chopping- The Fire of Burning- The Paddle of Paddling- The Flare Gun of Shooting- The Bottle of Drinking- The Spear of Stabbing- The Bucket of Containing- The Binoculars of Seeing- The Compass of Navigating- Henry (I found a Crab I liked)
76561198091214932,Recommended,313120,18219511,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,natewolf30,"this is an amazing game but for some reason it is no longer in my games listand if i want to play it again i have to repurchase the game, can someone please help me restore my purchase of the game, other than that, this is one of the best games ive ever played"
,Recommended,313120,20749247,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MobGamingYT,"Stranded deep is a great open world suvival game with great graphics, and amazing wave system, and crafting system. It is worth the money"
,Recommended,313120,20787497,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,LiamElectr0,this is an awesome game but it would be spectacular if it had a creative mode like in MC and maybe add some land predators of some kind
76561198039610649,Recommended,313120,21957783,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Airplane Lavatory,"Great game really, decent graphics, pretty frequent updates, fun mechanics, etc. the only problem i have that seems premanent is how much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥each of the discussion mods are, as with every game, but these seem extra cucky. I remember when this game was new and for the first month or two it was the devs who patrolled the forums and actually listened and were nice. Now its just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Word of advice, get yourself some new mods or moderate it yourself again like the good ole days"
,Recommended,313120,22412754,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Steve,Great game 10/10 its just that it doesnt have coop but its fine definitely recommend to buy it when coop comes!P.S. dont do anal with sharks just coco nuts!
,Recommended,313120,23462849,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,WilburSprinkle,Super fun game made by Australians! I can't wait until they include coop. Here's some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRkyBZaVTIQ
,Not Recommended,313120,26185036,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ShawnyRiver,"The game itself is fun, with interesting mechanics and much to do.It's downfall for me, however, was how well it ran. At first I thougt this was just a problem with my computer, but as I downloaded it on six different computers (One being a gaming laptop with a core i7 and an Nvidia GeForce) the problem remained. The framerat was absurdly low, no matter what graphical setting I had it on.In essence, the game could be fun if it would run correctly, at a playable framerate."
,Recommended,313120,26394950,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DirtyDirt,"game has potential. I loved the theory and the gameplay, personally did not think their was enough content in game. The optimization is not too bad and only a few major bugs. Overall I would give this game a 6/10 for right now. Hope the game develops into much more."
,Recommended,313120,27125096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jesus Crítico,The haters just don't know how to break a coconut!10/10
,Recommended,313120,28084620,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MountainSix,It was awesome an intense thriller with many deadly sharks! Great Graphics for a new game!
,Recommended,313120,29695706,Posted: 4 February,all,Horntail,"It's really a great game, but not finished.I wish the devs would polish it i bit more.Also, it's only fun to play by your self for 2-3 hours.So multiplayer is a must, i would love to survive with a friend or two."
76561198196774725,Recommended,313120,18153316,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,LegendaryMongoose03,"This is a great game. Amazing graphic, fun gameplay and an overall great feel. I have a suggestionsthough. 1. Make a end to the game. It is a little repatative and there is a point where you dont know what to do. Maybe make a goal to achive at the end.I have also found a few bugs (even though i know this is still in early realese). One is some items are pixelated. Like trees, items and some animals.Otherwise this is a great game. It is my favorite game i have. I totally suggest it."
76561198076272529,Recommended,313120,18183735,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fizro,"Fun game, even though it is not finishes I really played it for several hours at the time. The feeling that you get when you have been out on different islands to find loot and then after hours of searching find your own island again is awesome. The ability to make your own house it really fun, I spend several hours chopping trees to be able to make a multiple stories house.This game is worth a try, The survival aspect is a lot of fun and in my opinion better then every survival game out there at this moment."
,Recommended,313120,19000032,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Davis | Rigger,"I have filled the stomachs of many sharks.Many, many sharks."
,Recommended,313120,20566449,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Fetter511,This game is a great cange of pace from the other survivor games.  You are on your own kind of like the movie Castaway.  It's a great change of pace and I am really enjoying this game.Please support the dev and try this game out!
76561198000962110,Recommended,313120,20763270,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Deadpool_Sumo,"This game has made it to a state where I would recommend it. I have been enjoying this game in its stable iteration after the last update.The developers are paying attention to what players who have purchased the game want, while at the same time saying true to the fundamentals of a survival game.This is a game that rewards calculated risks. The early game has you feeling a bit desperate until you can find some of the man made resources that are virtually necessary for long term survival. However, there are some stop gap options until you can find the things you need.The flora and fauna have become varied enough to not become too repetitive. With the addition of customizable maps, the islands need not be overly boring and repetitive if you are willing to take the time to build your own.The only thing I feel this game needs to be complete is the ability to be rescued. While you do have items which would be used for that purpose already in the game, there is not yet anyone to see it. However, it is planned for the complete version. For now, you can keep building and surviving for as long as you want or until you make a mistake that gets you killed.The developers seem to have a lot more planned for this game which, while I don’t think is necessary for completion’s sake, will enhance an already enjoyable game.Take a break from your hard day and try to survive on a beautiful (absolutely stunning on the higher visual settings) tropical island.P.S.As I am a gentleman from Canada, I can say that this game takes a bit of the chill out of winter."
76561198163368014,Recommended,313120,22264840,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,xluvseagles,awesome survival game
,Recommended,313120,22747858,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Myrabakken,it's k
,Recommended,313120,14156141,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sovereign Kitten,"Spawned in on top of a Shark.Paddled to the Island for my life.Wilson waiting at the shore calling out my name.Felt less scared in the world, placed wilson down in the open palm tree'd sand.I began to climb trees for Coconuts.Shark decided it was now a land shark an began circling wilson.Tried to tell him to calm down, but he continued screaming my name.I could do nothing as I clung to the top of the palm tree cowering in fear unable to move.10/10 would roleplay again.(The game has great potential, a lot of bugs here and there and wonky hit-boxes but hopefully these get fixed and they hopefully add more than little tiny islands in the distance, being restricted to 8 inventory space and lack of resources forcing you to abandon your island in search of more supplies really bothers me. let's just hope it's not another DayZ ♥♥♥♥ up)"
76561198156597057,Recommended,313120,17588741,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,S I L 3 N T,needs a bit more things to do
76561198203423400,Recommended,313120,17578604,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Evandalist,Awesome game!
,Not Recommended,313120,17585178,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Henry,All items are very pixely even at ultra quality and when i say pixely i mean its like the paddle is 8 pixels ruined the game and a waste of my 15$ would not reccomend look at a game like ARK survival if u want a good game
76561197963910518,Recommended,313120,26357670,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,enchi,at least it closes itself now after it fails to initialize steam... whatever that means.
76561198090405442,Recommended,313120,19557375,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Gertle,Amazing how many problems one update can fix.
,Recommended,313120,19626720,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Got.One,cool game havent seen another game like this !!
,Recommended,313120,25815558,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,Decent survival game with repetitive crafting experiences.
,Recommended,313120,30664192,Posted: 21 March,all,KingSwish,fun for solo but gets boring quick
76561198354046892,Not Recommended,313120,34221862,Posted: 13 August,all,m.mohan01,The sound on the game dosen't work
,Recommended,313120,28193708,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ryan E - csgoroll.com,a good game
,Recommended,313120,26422277,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A Fluffy Dragon,This could possibly be the best open world survial world game there is. 10/10
,Recommended,313120,19596842,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xAomineDaiki,Good Game
,Recommended,313120,20498963,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pickle Bitch,fdgsdfgsdfg
,Recommended,313120,20532802,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,KickBeatbox,awesome
,Recommended,313120,35162764,Posted: 23 September,all,Jhonny,"Amazing Game very beautiful and fun, plus plenty to do and build"
,Recommended,313120,14225480,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,San1ty88-,At the current state of the game it is pretty buggy but i see huge potential. At current state 4/10. Expectations 9/10 if it dilivers
,Recommended,313120,31960491,Posted: 25 May,all,Witt,"Alt-F4 when a shark shows up, whether im on the raft or not. 10/10 would get scared again"
76561198092085092,Recommended,313120,14128029,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Worlboss,Yes only reason is because it dosn't have zombies for a change. But negative is there isnt much to do which hopefully changes or else it will end up rubbish.
76561198183450319,Recommended,313120,31956438,Posted: 25 May,all,nikkisprout,"It's addictive and fun, but I think it needs a more complex and just more of a storyline"
,Recommended,313120,14126925,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lobo,"started on an island with a beached ship, climbed in and got stuck in it for the rest of my life 10/10"
76561198212645799,Recommended,313120,29554075,Posted: 28 January,all,[L.E.S] Pharaoh,Really nice survival game and have an epic island with a lot of resources but its a little bit boring.
76561198368252369,Recommended,313120,34139237,Posted: 9 August,all,UNKOwn,Awsome game just a little laggy for some computers and laptops
76561198163571583,Recommended,313120,34135580,Posted: 9 August,all,Silver Bullet,"I've just started playing ""Stranded Deep"", and here are my first impressions on it:The plane crash was a nice touch in getting to know your character's story and why he was stranded deep into the Pacific Ocean. I have to say that the detail put into this game is amazing including all the wildlife you meet face to face and the swaying palm trees in the distance, to name a few visuals. Gameplay is great, but the controls are a little wanky. OVerall, if you want a nice, cheap survival game, ""Stranded Deep"" is the one for you."
,Not Recommended,313120,34865203,Posted: 10 September,all,rockyclown5,"well this is another game where devlopes dont listeni got this about year and half ago and it was fantstic , a lone survive from a plane crashstranded deep in open water with small islands around him , when this game first came out was amazingit was smart system where back pack space was limited that could hold about 6 items and stacks of 4 of them items you had to drag stuff around to build and use a hammer to do itthe only way to build was having all resources in one place in the correct amout to build but now they have made a crafting menu which in my opinion is badthis game use to make you feel like you was really stranded and help less but now its just a cheap shot og a band wagon and i say to all before you buy please wait until tey bring the old style back or none at all even if on saledont want good games wasting money"
,Recommended,313120,19716107,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bubba,I have 8 hours on this game yet I have a phobia of deep waters.
,Recommended,313120,19720358,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ambidextrous,"This game needs something else because it gets boring fter hours of playing. Still, I recommend it ;)"
76561198147570432,Recommended,313120,19734833,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,LazyLemon,"Since recent update the game is unplayable, however i did have many fun hours playing it before and i am hoping a new update will solve the problem."
,Recommended,313120,20382392,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Emperor of Pi,Excellent survivor game with no zombies! xD
76561197983698901,Recommended,313120,25060748,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Itz Bleach Bruhz,I loved the game.Its called LANDSH3RKS . #land sharks
,Recommended,313120,19740389,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,WaterMelon,It is fun and creative and the bad stuff in the game like the bugs are kind of FUN to fly around.There are things you have and things you do not have but the things you don't have might be something you have not seen in the game like the tools and cool little stuff like the thing you use to name things I did not think it exited but there you go.
76561198046305215,Recommended,313120,26184352,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jumpingbadger.vmf214,this game is quite fun at times sometimes. eh its alright. It is basically cast away the game. One thing I want them to add is co-op
,Recommended,313120,16435019,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kyoko  is  a  futaqueen.,"I respawned   in  a area with 3 sharks.enough said.the game glitched underwater too  ,i thought i had the balls to jump in the water to grab♥♥♥♥♥♥ infact all i did was lost my knife. so i went back in to get in guess who appear behind me the great white ♥♥♥♥♥ . he was there watching me while i was swimming around decided to chase me after i lost air.lmaooo sharks give no ♥♥♥♥ens."
76561198069161394,Not Recommended,313120,33940339,Posted: 31 July,all,Nobody,"Beautiful graphics... poorly done survival game; no rocks to make anything, swim speed faster than boats, insane food and water consumption, sharks everywhere you enter water, less than 10 seconds of breath underwater, illogical/unrealistic crafting... very disappointing. If I'd known how bad it was (and how long it's been this way) I would have passed."
,Not Recommended,313120,34940005,Posted: 13 September,all,Rookie Cookie,With the current state if the game I DO NOT reccomend. I downloaded this game because it reminds me of Sims 2 Castaway and that game was amazing. This game is beyond frustrating. I hate how slow the movement is on water. The tutorial doesnt really help you at all in the game it just tells you to make stuff with no reason why or it just confused me and I ended up having to google how to do a lot of stuff.Bugs:1. Trees. I am ALWAYS geting stuck climbing trees i climb to the top and something goes wrong and i just get stuck where all I can do is jump off and kill myself. Which is so aggravating! I'm finally giving this game a chance and I cant because of this bug.2. I cant seem to place some objects like fire pits. I don't know why i tried to place it all around my island on my campfire thats not lit on the one that is lit. Can't place it.Suggestions: (incase the devs care)1. notifications when the food and water things start going down. not just when they are at the very bottom and i'm rushing trying not to die. or putting the stats on the upper right corner of the screen so I can always see them2. when at the top of the tree make it so we can move the camera in a 360 left to right view because half the time i cant reach coconuts i'm right next to3. make it so when we climb up a tree we can move to the left or right on the treebottom line: This game COULD be good after a few updates. It does have potential however right now it's not worth 15 bucks.
76561198206410289,Recommended,313120,17842678,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,El-Paca,"I love this game, even though it may seem slow at first, once you get past the basic stuff like gathering wood and stuff, and you actually find suncken ships, the game becomes more interesting. The only thing is that I don't like how fast you become hungry, because its sometimes hard to find food, and water, but thats realistic. I also like how realistic the game is, even if it becomes frustrating."
,Recommended,313120,20954156,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,S p o n g e b e r r y 鬼平,"This game has hours worth of content and a bunch of updates, looking forward to the upcoming co-op gamemode and more content."
,Recommended,313120,22201234,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,James_Pro_Gamer,this is a very good game if you like the forest this is the game for you I have had hours of fun playing this game I have seen this game go from rags to riches so i would definitley purchase this game
76561198157329578,Recommended,313120,30743976,Posted: 25 March,all,SquirrelMan7,When the game gets better updated it will be more enjoyable
76561198214240232,Recommended,313120,18067354,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"Overall I rate this game fairly high up on my list. First off the graphics and lighting is absolutley outstanding. There is a fairly diverse range of marine wildlife such as sharks, whales, fish, sting rays and a few more however it would be awesome to see some land animals likes rabbits or deer. The survival aspect of the game is good but could be expanded. One thing I would like to see is different sized islands with different resources on each becsaue at the moment all the islands in the game are the same apart from different shapes. Also one thing that would complete the game for me is a multiplayer aspect and co-op mode. Overall very good game and worth the price."
,Not Recommended,313120,21991630,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Oberst_Mayer,"This game used to be real fun - a long time ago... Now - with every update, they **** up the game more and more. I never would have thought that I won't recommend this game one day. Don't buy it before its release.EDIT: Again: With each update the game gets worse. It seems all what the devs care for is better graphics and changing the crafting system now and then but not fixing bugs which make the game unplayable. The game is out now for 1,5 years and still no real gameplay progress since the release. As I wrote before: The gameplay in the beginning was really interesting and easy, but now it is a catastrophe. I'm afraid the devs have no discernible plan in their work."
76561198238483882,Recommended,313120,22208689,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Imperial_Scum,"Yes,it looks like a good game.But when I bought it and downloaded it I started it up and it just showed a black screen and my cursor along with music.And I tried a couple things and it still does not work.So I ended up deleting the game and wasted 15.00$.If I can have some form of help that would be great!And I will recommend this game because I think this is just a rare occurence and the game looks great!"
76561198283841109,Recommended,313120,34547191,Posted: 28 August,all,wozza_p,Hey Guy i really enjoy playing this game but it would make the game 100% better if it was muiltiplayer so you and your friends could survival together
,Recommended,313120,18847381,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Soldier_BLG18,survive and more you can do what ever you need in this game relaxing game and surviving game the coolest game i have ever seen and my life!!!........and yes i like the game c:
76561198107707188,Recommended,313120,19061942,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Biggie,"Its a good game little bit of bugs/glitches that could be fixed, reminds me of the movie Cast Away but one thing i couldnt find is Wilson :( rate 7/10 but higher if they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix the game"
,Recommended,313120,20749256,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,PExxTi  <> AkRacing,"Great Game if you want to buy a Survival game i recomend this game 9,5/10"
76561198135400219,Recommended,313120,22233201,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,bbrabson,good
,Recommended,313120,23028160,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,dudeGUYdudeperson,-Sees game-buys game-Starts game-spawns on plane-loud noise-no idea whats happening bc its dark outside-crashes plane-starts swimming to liferaft-spawned in the middle of the ocean-what happened to my plane!?-jumped out of liferaft-sees shark-swims like crazy to shore-realize I forgot my liferaft10/10 would lose liferaft again
76561198076087815,Recommended,313120,29681745,Posted: 3 February,all,Arcturus,"Great Survival game. My son watched a youtube review of this and told me to get it. I can say i'm honestly not disappointed at all. Easy controls, and good concept behind it. Personally I think for a game purpose there should be an 'end' to every game. Like get resuced in story mode, or just play free for all mode and survive. There is no such feature which is slightly disappointed, but if you want to kill a few hours here and there then this is the way to go about doing it :) Interactive, and plenty of options to build and craft."
,Recommended,313120,20690528,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,shi24137,"Absolutely LOVE this game. Runs great on my ASUS laptop, intel core i7 processor. Only played for 11hrs so far but still a fun game. Waiting for the DEVS to put everything back into the game, would love to have more crafting items and land animals if possible! Farming would be a plus and some co-op would be great! Graphics are absolutely STUNNING!!!! Crafting system is simple but there is one thing I would like to see changed a bit, my survivor cannot hold his breath for very long so exploring underwater ships is a bit difficult. 9/10 would recommend this game! Be patient with the DEVS, not everything has been put back in the game yet."
,Recommended,313120,26703838,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ayvi,"This is an amazing game, but for some reason im not able to get any achievements. I dont know if anyone else has this problem but overall its pretty good."
,Recommended,313120,30579574,Posted: 17 March,all,PreCook,Really fun needs more items though but they are working on it!
,Recommended,313120,31478842,Posted: 30 April,all,Alex Robertson {Crazy},I liked it when you could fly on sharks but it got fixed. Way better and less buggy then the first few versions.
,Recommended,313120,18814290,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,32.33 repeating of course,"Very cool!It's a great game, and the only thing that's missing is multi-player, but since it's early access I'm sure it will come :-D"
76561198071818184,Not Recommended,313120,22533656,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,JR,"If you had asked me about this game when it first released on Early Access, I would have said ""buy it, this game has great promise.""Alas, this is another EA game that had potential, made its money, and has been mostly neglected.  It took over a year for the developer to get a decent hunger/thirst/sleep system in the game.  The game managed to somehow look worse over time, the physics engine is worse and you can expect to be launched all over the place by it, sometimes to your death.  The longevity of the game depends directly on your willingness to ""tell your own story"" because the game lacks depth...it ain't ""deep"" at all.It has some great ideas and the game can still look beautiful, but it is concerning that the developer goes awol and doesn't respond for extended periods of time and the game can go for what seems like months without a single update.  We are always being told by fanboys and developers that we should be thankful to be part of the development process of EA games...problem is, there has to actually be consistent development going on for us to get our fair share of that agreement.  Stranded Deep is being neglected, no question about it and if you think otherwise you either need to look at the infrequent changelogs or you need a time machine to go back to experience the game in its initial EA release and compare it with now.  It was better then, and that is insane considering there was even less to do in the game at that point then there is now.Subnautica might be more of a sci-fi lean to this ""ocean survival"" genre, but it is much more worth your money than this."
76561198171367409,Recommended,313120,22789470,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Harambe √,Awesome
76561198287619966,Recommended,313120,29313215,Posted: 17 January,all,_Kakarot.^,i cant tarvel to the other island pls hepl me!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313120,20550527,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TopHatCat,"I would love this game, I already know it. Graphics are good, and the game in all is good. But, the game crashes every time I get on it. Please fix this, and I will make sure to play the game with joy. :)"
76561198120530641,Recommended,313120,19636814,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Void Raptr,I love this game. :D
,Not Recommended,313120,34270964,Posted: 16 August,all,Colonel Coleslaw,"This game came out at the hype of shovel wear ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t survival games that are all ""procedurally generated"" ♥♥♥♥ing buzzword marketing."
76561198026736482,Recommended,313120,19666012,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Reaper DEATH!!!,IT FUN GAME
,Not Recommended,313120,31614776,Posted: 7 May,all,Rabid,too boring
76561198073309075,Recommended,313120,16612788,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,IX,لعبة جبارة بس لو يكون في كو اب اتوقع بينزلون كو اب لي ان لعبة ذا فورست كانت طور البقاء واللحين كو اب و انصح اللي يحب سرفايفل يشتريها
76561198188113125,Recommended,313120,15786121,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WhiteBoardMarker,"This game is AWESOME i recommend it to any body who likes the forest,minecraft... and could the people who made stranded deep please!! make mulitiplayer it will just make the game a whole lot better :) and also if you guys have got the new update. When you start a new game it will ask you for a seed.A seed that i figured out is 12 if you write 12 you go to the closest island to you then you will find a mysterous packege."
76561198126989625,Recommended,313120,32653071,Posted: 22 June,all,Jonas Gahr Støre,WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILSOOOOON!!!! IM SORRY!!!!
,Recommended,313120,32608705,Posted: 20 June,all,benisboy,If this game was multiplayer it would be nuts
,Recommended,313120,15757720,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Soupie,This is one of the best games i have ever played. I highly encourage them to finish the game.
,Not Recommended,313120,30072254,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr.B,"Do NOT buy this game 'yet'. There is next to zero contet, the crafting and inventory is clunky and tedious, The tutorial is almost non existant, and the logic is dumber than a 12 year old. Not to mention the ton of bugs an glitches.There is no way to rest or forward time to when you need to be awake, other than going to sleep, but doing this does not guarantee you wake up in the morning. So half the time you run around in the dark, unable to do anything. And if you do manage to build a torch and lighting it, it will go out the moment you wish to take up a tool, forcing you to run all the way back to camp, to get more light.The 'wasting time looking at an animation' is very strong in this game. And i am NOT a fan of wasting my time when i need to watch him gut a fish for the millionth time. Or light a fire every morning.When i installed the game i was wondering why there was only 600 Mb. Now i know why.This game need SERIOUS fixing. And after almost 2 years of production, this is what we get?!I think it is safe to say, this game will never get off the drawing board.The idea is good. But everything else is a mess. And i feel like i wasted my time and money."
,Not Recommended,313120,34066902,Posted: 6 August,all,Pablo Guerra,"Add multiplayer, there are not enough features that have been added recently."
76561198033061077,Not Recommended,313120,31867442,Posted: 20 May,all,GOOD BOY DOGGO,"It has some things going for it, but I find myself more angry than entertained when playing. The game is essentially a shark survival game. The AI for sharks is REDICULOUS. They spawn whenever you exit the island you are on, and know where you are instantly. They are the most agressive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for no reason whatsoever. There are tactics to fighting them off but the shark is so fast it can be hard to pull off. Also, raft physics have always been trash in this game. They barely fixed anything from launch, just added in some basing stuff and changed the UI like 3 times. Also, why the ♥♥♥♥ do I have to go to different islands all the time just to get rocks, even though I have a pickaxe and half my island is covered in huge uninteractable rocks. This game was one of those that got peoples attention because it looked promicing but never did anything good and remained early access forever, because if they released the game everyone would return it for their money back."
,Not Recommended,313120,28532135,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,teabagjohn,Very slow development.
,Recommended,313120,19873193,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SplizZ,"So what to say about this game.......well, I started off in that small raft and it took me literally half an hourto paddle to the first island, then I got out of it and saw a ship wreck in the sea......decided to approach it....Megalodon came for breakfast and ate me......I got p i s s e d after that happened the third time...uninstalled and hit my keyboard :)10/10 best ""How to get eaten by Megalodon"" game ever."
,Not Recommended,313120,35178370,Posted: 24 September,all,loli,"awfulbought this game 2 years ago, played it a couple times and hated how unfinished and buggy it wasi come back now, whats changed?well the plane crash scene is a mess and still makes no senseyour clothes are already ripped up during the plane ride, when it should be aftertheres floating drinks and snacks on the seat infront of you, that eventually is thrown onto the roof as you crashand then after all that youre thrown into the world of stranded deep and theres a tutorial to start you offonly problem i have with this tutorial is that it doesnt even tell you where you can get the required tools or resources, just tells you that you need itand the swimming is awful, the controls are so weird for itand when youre climbing trees for coconuts, you can randomly jump off and lose most of your healthand probably my BIGGEST problem w this game is how it doesnt give you a sense of direction or meaningonly thing on my mind while playing was ""... now what?""also, 2 years ago there were achievements. but they didnt worki come back and recently ive been looking for achievements, only to find out that they STILL DONT WORKseriously, you cant even get the achievements still after 2 yearsalso building a house is pointlessmost you need is that little shelter made out of grass and sticks that the tutorial told you to make and youre setive only played a little bit of this game and theres almost nothing to do throughout this whole gamethis game is stuck in development hellit took them 2 years to, say, make the graphics look a little better and things a little less buggy but thats itpleasefor the love of godfix your game"
76561198111638222,Recommended,313120,14177320,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,gomerpyle,"The game is not bad for an alpha. it should have been tested more before release. the rafts dissapears when using them, and when you load the game sometimes your stuck in the land or under it..... over all its more fun then rust.."
,Recommended,313120,14135197,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kamonta,"Stranded Deep: Early Access ReviewThis review will be updated as game updates get released in the futureThe GoodGraphicsLets start of with the graphics. This game is very pretty and is pretty high up in the lists of best looking games I have played over the past few years. This makes for a very realistic and immersive game experience. Something I have been looking for a long time for in a game but sadly is very rare since most games in the survival genre always add zombies...CraftingI also liked the crafting system but it does have its problems. Problems I will go further into in the The Bad part of the review. Basically to craft something you gather all the stuff you need for said item and then drop it on one big pile. And then combining it with the required tool. Its simple and its easy, but the game does make it a bit hard again something I will get deeper into the second part of the review.The BadThe Crafting SystemThe crafting system right now is very unclear and requires you to either make a lot of different combinations of random items and hope you get the right combo to make a item that you want. This way of playing is completely impossible so you are almost required to Google a guide/ go to the steam community hub. The 1 minute tutorial that is currently implemented is almost useless since it does tell you how you can make something but now what you will need to make something and how much you need of it.I am pretty sure this is something they will be working on, but in its current state its a very annoying thing, which I imagine to be a annoyance for most playersEnd VerdictThough this is already easily one of my favorite games that is released over the passed few months it will still need a lot of work to keep people interested. The current bugs make it very hard to keep playing longer then 1 hour ( talking about the rafts going away). I'm sure the devs will try their best to keep improving this game till they think its ready.I rate this game 5/10 in it's current stateHere is a video of my first time experience of the game in its current state.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=380213650"
76561198115050538,Not Recommended,313120,29073622,Posted: 6 January,all,HIGGIE WHEESE,Updates killed game
76561198069395110,Recommended,313120,34570270,Posted: 28 August,all,A$TRAIO$,"Great game, despite the slightly unfinished/unpolished nature of early access titles, I would highly recommend this game, lots to discover, build, and craft."
,Recommended,313120,14172482,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RT_Mythictang,"Always had a dream that I can abandon human civilization and stay on an isolated island to feel how brutal and amazing the nature could be.Day night cycles and lighting effects in Stranded Deep generates breathtaking sceneries around you. You could also dive deep into the ocean and see how amazing the under water world can be. But at the same time, danger might surround you. The game is procedurally generated and every time you start a new game, you won't get the same world.Definitely give it a try if you LOVE survival games. :)"
,Recommended,313120,22215509,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,woah,"CSGO (One of the most popular games on steam): Stop playing for several months. Play it again, can't tell the difference between it now and it a few months ago.Stranded Deep: Stop playing for several months. Play it again, actual content changes in game, not lame gun skins.10/10, devs actually work on content and not moneymaking schemes."
,Not Recommended,313120,16536424,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Am I Dank Enough Dad?,Serious lack of content at the moment.
,Recommended,313120,20520356,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,CrazyAvatar,Stranded Deep is Beautiful. Why you ask?:Good Things:✔ The Graphics are Beautiful✔ You Can Swim Deep Under Water!✔ Craft A lot of Things!✔ Realistic Cook & Eating Food✔ Get Sick!!Bad Things:✖ A Lot of Bug Fixes!✖ The Cutting Tree's!✖ Not A Lot of Sea Creatures!✖ Texture Fixes!!✖ DX11 is Trying too look Good (lmao!)• P.S. - Don't Give Up on this game Please!
76561198061694740,Recommended,313120,20607772,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,bop,I am a big fan or survival games and I think a good thing to add to this would be a cooperative survival mode.Being alone on multiple islands can be very boring so I think having a friend or maybe up to 3 friends to experience world with you would be really really fun!
,Recommended,313120,17557392,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ThomasBVB12,This is one of the only survival games I've played which has had me glued to the screen not wanting to stop playing compared to other survival games which either have a complicated crafting system or aren't very fun. This game is different to any survival game I've ever played and by far my favourite and most certainly worth the money. I can't wait to see how this game develops as it progresses.
76561198007038945,Not Recommended,313120,23544894,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ulfhedknar,"Don't buy this game. I've owned it for almost  two years, they just keep breaking it with updates and it looks like it will never be finished."
76561198008550760,Not Recommended,313120,16653305,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,VengeanceWrought,"Don't normally review games, but I had high hopes for this one and ended up dissapointed, so I figured I'd summarize the reason.Disclaimer: It's possible that these kind of games just aren't for me. This game seems like it takes a TON of time to play, and tremendous patience is required during that time. The positive reviews I'm seeing have 20+ hours, and I guess I only have 5 hours at the time of this writing, and I've given up trying to fine the positive features. As others have said, you've seen everything in the the game after about an hour or two.However, it's early access so I have to fairly admit that the scope of ""stuff"" could theoretically grow. I also don't like the pace of the game, and don't really enjoy its basic premise. It takes way too long to move from island to island to find scarce resources, and in order to build a basic shelter I had to traverse the islands to chop down more trees (also, huge pet peeve... some trees can be chopped and some can't, and there's no good way to demark your ""home"" island, so you're likely to lose your bearings and basically be back to square one unless you hop islands trying to find home again). The only thing that made it bearable was a cheat where you can get super-raft-speed if you drag an item ""through"" the front of the raft.I don't know, I'm probably being too harsh. However, I couldn't recommend it to my buddy in person, so I can't recommend it here."
,Not Recommended,313120,17233296,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Lt. Ripper,>Bought on release>Got updated 4 times in 6 months>No significant changesAbsolutely not worth buying at the moment.To the achievement hunters: Achievements don't work.
76561197984584717,Not Recommended,313120,22187677,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,McDude,"ive always been a fan of survival games and after getting the forest a few weeks ago i thought id dive into the island survival scene. The graphics are quite nice, the sea looks good and has alot of detail to it, and the islands are well put together.I started playing and paddled my little raft to the nearest island and started to look around, finding a few sticks and things i could use, i crafted some basic tools and a little shelter and spent the night.The next morning i woke wondering what to do, and after looking through the rather small list of things to craft i decided to make a raft. After realising there wasnt enough materials on my island to make 1 i rowed for about 5 minutes to the next island, which apart from being a different shape and being slightly bigger, was exactly the same. I found a few bits and dived to a nearby ship wreck and got some more stuff.It was at this point i realised this was all the game had to offer. You gather a few scraps from 1 island, go to another and do the same thing until you have enough stuff for a small base and a raft. Getting a raft allows you to go to other very similar islands and do the same thing over and over, travel somewhere, gather a few bits, make something you dont need then do it all again.I got to the point where i had a reasonsable base set up and a small raft and thought ""what now"", theres nothing to kill apart from food and the occasional shark which are very easy to avoid, and after you have your food and water set up theres literally nothing for you to achieve, unless you consider building a better boat to get to islands faster so you can do nothing an achievment.I would not recommend simply because its boring as hell, gather, row, craft, repeat, That'll be £10 please."
,Recommended,313120,22208598,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,A picket fence,Well i couldnt run it and they didnt refund me but it is a very good game none the less.
76561198078391098,Not Recommended,313120,22962934,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,TacoɔɒT,I loved this game. But these whole updates are destroying the game.Why do I need more than 24 ingame hours to boil one stupid bucket of water?Why are you removing the function to throw a stone against something hard enough that it breaks into two halfsand replace such a cool idea with a casual crafting menu?And why should I build a hobostove if I still could just place a foundation over a firepit?This game was awesome. It was..
76561198158395971,Not Recommended,313120,29717458,Posted: 5 February,all,kostas21m,"I had good expecations from this game.However the game has barely improved throughout the years and has gotten worse in the last updates.It just doesn't provide the content it should have, i mean for crying out loud, its early 2017. They promised the game to be (fully) released in late 2015. It should have a lot more content than it has right now.At this stage of development i cannot recommend the game, i wish i could cause it seems to have (or maybe had) potential but i can't. Let's just hope that someday it will come out from the dark and greasy pit that is early access."
,Not Recommended,313120,17229406,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Cum oboma 43rd president of th,"Worked once and never worked again, even after they ""fixed"" a crash for OS X Yosemite users."
76561198142174983,Recommended,313120,32166579,Posted: 3 June,all,Doggybarkeypaw,Ive been playing Stranded deep for a while and I think it's safe to say there is no other game like it on steam. You can make alot of cool stuff in this game. You startout with nothing and end up with  a huge house a moter boat alot of food and a bunch of tools
76561198038424819,Not Recommended,313120,16534991,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Clive,It's too bare at this point.
76561197984308710,Not Recommended,313120,34763833,Posted: 5 September,all,wolfwood316,"2.5 years in so-called ""Early Access"" and still no end-game state, no multiplayer, and the ""feel"" of the game, i.e. controls and how the player character moves, is terrible - much worse than it originally was.  I impulse bought this based on its good looks and some entertaining/favorable Youtube videos.  Wish I'd kept my money instead.  It's just spinning its wheels and sinking in deeper."
,Recommended,313120,17565554,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Aiden_Pearce,"Awesome, horror/survivaI mix. I love trying to survive on islands!"
,Recommended,313120,33961027,Posted: 1 August,all,Porky,Good until the arab's got me.
76561198214884439,Recommended,313120,24433719,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DurpixCube4444,"I just spent an hour hunting boars.... When I finally caught one I died from hunger cause I was too busy hunting for food.. aka, the boar.Best ironic boar hunting simulator 201714/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,31706777,Posted: 12 May,all,rehZ,"Save your money, once you do the little things that's in the game there's nothing to do, one of the most boring games I've ever played. Not worth it's price."
,Not Recommended,313120,29880207,Posted: 12 February,all,Fire Lake,It's a early access that got popular then everyone noticed it got boring fast then they gave updates making the game even worse
,Not Recommended,313120,20205001,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,"I don't know what has happened since the last time I've played this, but before I could run this game 720 on high with fluid 60 fps. Now I get about only 24 fps with everything set to either low or off. That's a big killer for me."
76561198047966978,Not Recommended,313120,32847180,Posted: 27 June,all,[REDi]1R LCPL Bluberry,"I bought this game, and although there were annoying glitches and it lagged and the graphics were weird, I put up with it and really enjoyed it as I love survival games. But, then it crashed and would never ever allow me to play it again -_- total waste of money and time. Sadly, don't even bother, I think the creators abandoned it."
,Recommended,313120,25162251,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,💕 Houlihan4077 💕,"Many things do not work w/ this game. I waited a long time before a review. Good game but problematic. Why are their no achievments for me when I have done the requirements? ""0 of 11 (0%) achievements earned"" :/"
,Recommended,313120,17110170,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Panda,- Woke up on a raft- Paddled to a an Island- Killed and ate crab raw (puked)- Fell out of tree and broke arm (arm is now twisted and deformed- Spent hours battling sharks and creating a beautifully crafted palm tree condo.- Became lonely-Lonliness unbearable- Found Wollie- Life complete.10/10
,Not Recommended,313120,32056131,Posted: 29 May,all,Aqua Marine,Boring and gets old too fast.
76561198009346458,Not Recommended,313120,26513220,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wright1331,"To sum it up, DONT BUY.This is a cool concept for a game with nice visual, but after that it falls off sharply.The first 30 minutes of the game are good, but there is no content and not much hope of any major changes to this. This game will never be release but a permanate Early Access... Skip IT and save your money"
76561198068857091,Recommended,313120,30084642,Posted: 21 February,all,Chiaroscuro,"I've only played for a few hours so far, but I love this game. Needs multiplayer, PvP, voice chat, flags, a pair of glasses, and a big conch shell. With those changes, Stranded Deep could easily by worth $50, in my opinion."
76561198131796808,Recommended,313120,17183853,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,jallerman,so the games great but the last update is shart ha ha get like a shark but not becuase its bad. Every item looks lile you either dipped it in gliter or wrapped it in tin foal and shined a light at i. and i want to have a strock ad die from it its so bad i give they credit for the game but the last update isnt good so far sorry not sorry.
76561198021356769,Not Recommended,313120,22213324,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,wikidpsycokilla,"After a year, i have to give this game a mixed review. The graphics, beautiful to start with, have gotten even better. But certain things, like view distance, have gotten worse, and there isnt a setting to change it. The distance at which things pop into existance right now on experimental is pretty close, a bit too close for comfort.  An offshore wreck isnt visible from the island, only if your waist or neck deep in water, which can be dangerous. While there have been vast improvements to the visuals and the engine, and distant island billboards dont look as cheesy, having shipwrecks, rocks, plants, and ground cover in general only pop into view  when well into mid distance bordering on close distance makes me sad, especially with my setup: I7 @ 3.2 ghz, 12gb ram and nvidia model gtx970 W/ 4gb ddr5.I mean c'mon, in fallout 4 max everything i can see enemies as a tiny dot on the horizon, but this game i cnat see a mast sticking 6 feet out of the water unless im within 75 feet?"
,Not Recommended,313120,16559259,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Illuminaughty,"Interesting take on the crafting-survival genre, but little content at the moment. With a VERY short crafting list, small uninteresting islands, and no multiplayer, you'll be done with it in an hour or 2."
,Recommended,313120,29452888,Posted: 23 January,all,Obscura ツ,"I can't play this game, because of my selachophobia. :(But i bet it's cool tho."
,Not Recommended,313120,25976169,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,dcpdx,"Cool premise but poorly executed. Game is buggy, movement is not crisp, animal movement is chunky, clipping is weird."
,Not Recommended,313120,32096182,Posted: 31 May,all,Paπrush,"I was a victim of buying a game because a Youtuber made it fun, read more reviews, it's not as fun as you think"
76561198157612976,Recommended,313120,30337165,Posted: 5 March,all,Burning Bridges,"Lovingly crafted, beautiful, and eminently pointless.This game is fun until you realize that there is really no point. You can travel between 25 islands, build campfires and huts and collect the same loot from the same blocks all over again.Gameplay feels like someone has cut a movie in a couple hundred pieces, then reassembles them randomly and you are supposed to watch the same movie all over again, but with different arrangement.Gets old fast but as I said: still a beautiful game that makes you feel you are at the seaside while it lasts."
,Recommended,313120,25460583,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gunam,Stupid sharks ripped my pants10/10
,Recommended,313120,15966002,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mrpeanutbutt,pretty cool game only waypoints would be much appriciated
76561198090655556,Recommended,313120,31713410,Posted: 12 May,all,Tdogmcfee,i NEEEEED multiplayer options in this game
76561198110359654,Recommended,313120,29776703,Posted: 7 February,all,ShaderX,this is a great game but needs co-op
,Recommended,313120,14602351,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,D7MAS,Survival game :D
76561198122044179,Recommended,313120,17018074,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lion Heart,"had a long nice life on my island, wasn't really expansive, i had my tangos with the tiger sharks, i decided to go explore for a while, went to some islands, came back, went to some more islands came ba!!! WAIT! WHAT IS THIS!! THIS AINT MY ISLAND!!!! Turns out i came home to the wrong ilsand, next i got horribly lost, i kept traveling, i was well equipped, WAIT! OH GOODNESS NO THAT TIGER SHARK NOCKED ME OF MY RAAAFT!! OHH THE PAINS!!!! MY LEG!!! OH MY LEGGGGG! WHYYYYYYY!!! OH GOODNESS NO! WHHYY--------, The End. 10/10 Would play those 20 hours of grouling survival again."
,Recommended,313120,34580589,Posted: 29 August,all,MR.ATOMIC,PUT MULTIPLAYER ON IT IF IT HAD THAT YOU WOULD EARN SO MUCH  MONEY
,Recommended,313120,28631739,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,N. Petrova,It needs to be improved
,Not Recommended,313120,21902590,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Antix,"Do not buy this game until it has at least been fully released. I've been playing this game for quite a while now and I can firmly say that the game has been getting progressively worse. The Devs rarely update the game and when they do they take 1 step forward and 2 steps back. For example, they introduced waves to the sea (great) but sacrificed the graphics (now horrible to look at when they were brilliant before) and smooth movement (now feels like dayz).Devs, please get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Recommended,313120,14138451,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Swagonisc,"spawned,  started flying and my raft flew away. Its like peter pan all over again.new game: same thing except i stopped flying, but my raft flew away with my paddle. RIPnew game 2: works!!!! survival is fun, sharks are terrifying, tense music is tense.overall: 10/10best game 2015"
,Recommended,313120,14155994,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,"Stranded Deep is suprisingley good for early development and has almost no  bugs and 0 major ones and is one of the best in the genre. It is an overall exellent game and I want to see more like this in the future so keep up the good work, I recomend this."
,Recommended,313120,14168556,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Donko,The graphics are great and the gameplay is also amazing so 10/10 ! :D
,Recommended,313120,14873426,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mocome1357,Awesome
,Recommended,313120,14197869,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sparrowhawk,"1/27/14Full disclosure this is only based on about an hour of gameplay, maybe a bit more:This is s remarkably well polished game for Early Access. The graphics and overall immersion are top-notch. The water effects, foliage, sound, and sun effects are all great. I haven't been able to do much aside from build a hammer and a basic structure as well as cook a few animals and row to another island, but it is all very smooth and shaping up nicely.There are some bugs of course, things like not being able to swim out of certain parts of ships if they are under water because there is no ""edge grab"" feature yet. These are avoidable pretty easily though.If the trailer for the game and the screenshots look intriguing to you, you should go for it, it honestly seems promising enough to deserve your support."
,Recommended,313120,14268368,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kakarot,its good but i have this glitch where it looks like a flood
,Recommended,313120,14277382,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,XFINITY,Less bugs and less fun then The Forest.This game needs a ''cooperative mod''.But actually nice game.My point is 7.5/10.
76561198056312042,Recommended,313120,14310181,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Deathjam4,this game has some potential but the billboarding of the islands was not a grand idea at all since it makes you get lost to easily. And also once you have been there done that it gets repetative and boring. They need much bigger islands with much more interesting things to do. Survival is one thing but when your limited to a couple peices of shack building per island it gets manontimis really fast.
76561198064969666,Recommended,313120,14672073,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ascending,I firs t spawn in and the graphics are amazing and then i explore wrecks make a house and start exploring other islands then i eventually eneded up with a spear trying to take on a shark then his bro comes upp and i get bit by one and about♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants then run away. overall i havent played much but this game is great and has alot of potential
,Recommended,313120,17909162,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Polar..,still waiting for multiplayer...still a good game
76561198114582131,Recommended,313120,14466328,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SillyWilly,"As of this moment, Stranded Deep is already a very much playable game. Content is getting released fast and bugs are minimal, with updates only about 2 weeks apart. This is a 9/10 game with a lot of potential even still, and worth every dollar."
,Recommended,313120,14783615,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hilary SwAAnK,"One of the best, most detailed early access games to date. It hasn't been out very long, and is already more detailed than certain other *cough* open world survival games. Every time I play Stranded Deep I find something new, and I've barely played it so far. Very good game already, with a world of opportunity in the future.9/10 SO FAR"
,Recommended,313120,15134107,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Heady,Good but needs to fix Mac Yosemite problem!
76561198034664874,Recommended,313120,14872690,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Donielle,"Day 1:  My plane crashed today.  I'm glad I had that cocktail before we went down.  Looks like the last alcohol I'll have for a while.  Appears I am the only survivor.  No sign of the pilot or co-pilot.  Made it to an island and trying to make shelter.Day 2:  Shelter is made, gathered some coconuts for food, and have a nice stockpile of building materials.  Noticed a shark off the coast and have decided to name him George.Day 3: Tossed some sardines off the coast for George and took off on the other side in my raft to find gear.  Took a few days and searched 4 islands and nothing worth mentioning.Day 6:  Was almost back to my island and George tried to eat me.  I guess he's mad that I havent fed him these past few days.  Sorry George.Day 7:  Woke up and fed George some more sardines, and hit the island to my east.  George followed me the entire way.  Nothing here except a DeadEx box.Day 8:  Fed George again before heading back home.  He flipped me out of the raft twice on the way back.  Gonna have to deal with him asap.Day 9:  George tried to eat me again this morning.  I ended up killing him with my spear.  I currently have him roasting over my campfire.  I hope he tastes good.Basically thats all there is.  Swim from island to island being able to carry a minimum of items. And I do mean minimum.  You are given 8 slots, each of which can carry 4 of the same item.  If you actually manage to find anything decent on an island you usually have to either swim, or paddle several trips to get everything.  This game has a lot of potential, and would love to see more progress on it in the future."
,Recommended,313120,14573233,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,sharkt0pus,"I have about 4 hours into this game and so far it has been fairly entertaining. It's a survival based game that forces you to explore nearby islands and ship wrecks for supplies to build several of the craftable objects available in game that you will need to survive.I think $15 is a little too expensive for the game in its current state, but supposedly there is a lot more to come, so I'll play it now and then and wait for updates to roll out."
76561197971189127,Recommended,313120,19796182,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chaser,"Awesome!  I play the game for a bit, then shelve it for a bit.  When i come back, sometimes it seems like a new game.  IMO, don't get hung up on MP.  Maybe an option if the future, sure - but I prefer the lone survivor theme so my vote goes with just finishing the game.I just got bit up real bad by a tiger shark while diving on a wreck.  I got complacent, and then I got chewed.  I was on a roll too.  Survived 9 days with no shark sightings.  Snuck up on me and scared me real bad.  Then nom nom nom.  Blood and poop everywhere.  Ok, maybe not poop, but  ya know.  Scared me.  Health now at 2 and failing.  My beach hut was phat too.  Stupid shark."
,Recommended,313120,14469120,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pendergast,"This game has great potential, I would like to see larger islands with more areas to explore.  The process of taking logs back to the main island is a bit boring, so larger islands with more plant life, trees, food, etc.. would leave more exploration time and less travel/hauling time.  The crafting is fine, not great but it is an alpha game and I do expect to see more items in the future, such as larger rafts/boats.  I would definately recommend this game to anyone who likes survival/crafting games, but is ok dealing with alpha bugs.  I do have give the devs crediti, they seem to fix things quickly.  The ability to grow food from seeds and hunt wild animals (boars, rabbits, birds etc..) would make this game more interesting and replayable.  Maybe even some land threats, bears or whatever would give it a little more excitement.  The distance between islands makes for some boring trips back and forth with little to do other than avoid sharks and paddle.  I would also like to see a crude map function, as of now I just had to keep paper and write coordinates down on paper, which works, but I would rather see this as an in game function.  Also a coop maybe 4-8 players would be fantastic for those of us who like to play with others.  I read another review and agree, the server only would be crap due to hackers and people who generally like to ruin other peoples game time.  Other than that is generally a fun and interesting game, I look forward  to the future updates."
76561198080244691,Recommended,313120,14521127,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,rankminer,Realism = 10/10I Am Phisically Scared to Go Into The WaterSharks = 10/1They Ate The Other Zero
,Recommended,313120,15805801,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The King Of The Worms,WILLSON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198094426770,Recommended,313120,24952829,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DC,i cant find the flippersss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313120,16372133,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,uL SkeTch,"they should add co-op this game its get a little old after awhile by your self, it would just make this game better and more fun  with co-op :):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)):):):):):):):)"
76561198106697121,Recommended,313120,24771357,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Turbomatic,"This is by far one of the most gorgeous games around. Maxed out the graphics are amazing and the game runs really well. There has been LOTS of stuf fixed and LOTS of stuff added, im really glad to see it coming along nicely :D KEEP IT UP DEVS! :D. The map edditor is an awesome touch, adds hours and hours of gameplay. Steep learning curve but really fun when you get the hang of it.  If you would like to try the ultimate survival sim/castaway sim then dont miss out on this jem, if not then jsut get it for the graphics. its worth it.  #sunsetsHow long will you survive?"
76561198067822956,Recommended,313120,23929730,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,.....,Pros:- Great graphics (Playing at ultra settings)- Interesting and realistic feel when interacting with the tools- Surviving felt real for the first few hours- Helps to train your management skills in handling limited resources- Promotes a sense of discoveryCons:- Lacks of motivation once you have beaten the game (that is after building all there is that we can build)- Boring and felt repetitive after awhile.Potential:- This game has a lot of room for improvement.- Adding more features like types of buildings one can build or MMO can help improve the game- Adding challenges to create a purpose for players to play the game.
76561198063517645,Recommended,313120,14144090,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Milk Man,"This game has a lot of potential. I bought Stranded Deep as soon as it released and i must say it is very well done for a game that has just come out. It has amazing graphics, only a few bugs and is quite challenging. It's lacking content but I reckon in about a year or so this may be the next best survivial game."
76561198107678922,Recommended,313120,15657405,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,"""Like A Boss""...",An excalent survival game  i recomend this game to every one its sooo good
,Recommended,313120,15661193,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jäger [2BCT],"Bear Grylls simulator 2015..... simply putThe long ReviewAt first i was skeptical since it was in early access but it turned out quite enjoyable.The shaders are great and nicely done ""Probably better than skyrim shaders"" but with individuals like me gameplay before graphics so......The Pros-Procedurally generated worlds- Arguably the best point of this game it offers many options for different play-styles.You can spear fish- Who dosen't want to stab a sardine and eat it raw ""Which actually won't kill you"".The depth- No pun intended but the fact that i have to boil salt water too purify it is actually fun, and so is searching shipwrecks.The graphics- This game blew my mind i could not belive a early access game has graphics on par with some of the newer games like Battlefield 4 and Skyrim in such a small download time ""i'll get to that next"".The download time is quite short- 7 minutes with my normal quality ISP connection.The Cons-Finding the parts should be easier than having to search 100 shipwrecks.A Map would be nice also.Last but not least it needs a few bugfixes,updates,etc but don't let the bad stop you from buying it.It's totally worth the price and needs active supporters so go ahead BUY IT NOW!"
76561198105775831,Recommended,313120,15406794,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Son_of_Saints94,"This game is very well made, graphics are amazing and the crafting system is great. Being a survival game there is a lot you will have to figure out through trial and error as far as gathering resources (i.e. What will kill/poison me if I eat it).Pros:-Great visuals-Realistic needs-Excellent hunting system-Plenty of islands to exploreCons:-Lacking in a large variety of wildlife-Woodcutting (It can literally take 50+ swings to chop up wood depending on tree size)-Crude axes seem to last longer than steel machetes-No way to be rescued yet (as of April 2015 but will remove this is it's added)Despite it's very few short-comings, I still fully recommend this game."
,Recommended,313120,15338060,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mikalsen,Really good game recommend it
,Recommended,313120,14129540,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GoRE 0f W4R,Cast Away Simulator10/10
,Recommended,313120,14456259,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CaraRota | Game Dealer,"Yes, the game as an alpha access is pretty good, but it needs a lot more to be added; i hope this isn't the (so typical nowadays) kind of game that shows us a good idea and then run away with our money. The basics of the game are there; you just need to polish it a little bit more and start adding crafts.To summarize: Game is pretty playable and with little bugs; graphics optimizations are very nice. Lacks crafting, a more detailed UI  (like cooking) and more animals/atmosphere/plants."
,Recommended,313120,14172066,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CuddzBear,"If u liked the forest, then u will probably not understand this game. Its very different, but the style is the same. Just watch naked and afraid or some sheets like that and ur set! rly good tho"
76561198089043082,Recommended,313120,14265950,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mhman711,"This is a good game but it needs more to it, it can get old quick. 8/10"
76561198181723106,Recommended,313120,14729941,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jeffreysbeeler,"LOve this game so much, I'm about to buy a new computer just so i can play this, my fps are soooooooooo low. cheap laptop......"
,Recommended,313120,14410170,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,csgolive.com| Jasper,This game has alot to offer and is very fun but can get boring after a while because lack of multiplayer and stuff like that so i think you should get it now if you really like the survival aspect
,Recommended,313120,14812658,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,CS_TheGiant,Amazing for just a early access game! 10/10 Highly recomended
,Recommended,313120,14191505,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kadeason,"This is probally the best survival game I have ever played. I mean I would like to dig more time into it. The reason I can't do this though is one game breaking bug, Where you raft disappears. If this where to be fixed and maybe a couple of other bugs (Which luckily I have not encountered :P), Then I could easily throw in many more hours, fighting for dear life against these sharks xD. 21/10. Easily reach 69/10 if these bugs where fixed."
76561198066292647,Recommended,313120,24220380,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ReptileMan11,"this is the best suvival game ive ever played,good gameplay and fantstic graphics ive ever seen if your thinking of getting a servivial game get this one,sunny beaches,palm trees the sun just perfect. highly recomend"
76561197974290186,Recommended,313120,14808031,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hemlig Kändis,Was fun. Not very hard. Not very much too do yet.Still entertaining.
,Recommended,313120,15547663,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,1Mafia_A_God1,even thogh i get bord alot this game is alot of fun beleve me but it sometimes makes me mad because beacause the sharks push the rafts and it makes me mad that they push me of its still alot of fun
,Recommended,313120,14423424,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JibJabJibJab,This game is awsome.pros:the game has amazing graphicsthe gameplay is very emersive and always keeping you on edge when in the water. Ill let you find out why...cons:no multiplayer.you know what would make this game even better than any survival? multiplayer. Multiplayer in this game would be insanely fun. just imagine you and your best friend swimming of in a life raft only to be knocked of. wouldnt that be so fun swimming with eachother and all the unknown beasts out there and panicking in the water and just laughing your heads off.conclusion:But in conclusion i will give this game a thumbs up because even though theres no multiplayer the gameplay is awsome. If you like survival underwater games then this is a definite yes.
76561198071097921,Recommended,313120,14135374,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"Going to make this short and sweet.. Pick this game up for $15 bucks before it goes to $30 plus, This game even in its early stages is amazing..  plenty of good reviews here to read more... -peace"
76561198061730102,Recommended,313120,14152273,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Marcin,Really fun game. It really has great potential and I can't wait to see what features will be added in the future.
,Recommended,313120,24718843,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jack Kaufmann,The game at sometimes is a bit confussing but overall is amazing... I can't wait to start making video on my YouTube channel about this I love the open world sandbox aspect of the game really making you feel lost and stranded in the ocean.
76561198052352794,Recommended,313120,24304066,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,I Die,Awesome game many things in the game feels realistic
76561198192543665,Recommended,313120,24200821,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,anissa222,this game is laggy but its arsome
76561198104144126,Recommended,313120,29339062,Posted: 18 January,all,Black Shadow,This game is really good but it would be even better  if we could create  more  than one woald
,Recommended,313120,32052301,Posted: 29 May,all,AustrianOnVAC_CS.MONEY,"Nicely made game, good for a break"
76561198242668964,Recommended,313120,31994558,Posted: 27 May,all,ǤнσsτBlackWolf,If you like à survival game buy this almost every week 1 update best game of my life
76561198059536464,Recommended,313120,14126970,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,daltonwatson1997,"Awesome game! Hey, it doesn't take monsters to scare you. Heck, even the marlins scare me! I got shoved all the way back to my island by one! 10/10!"
76561198071612540,Not Recommended,313120,15799474,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dante,y u Gliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch
,Recommended,313120,29513886,Posted: 26 January,all,Kreig,This should be a story of a drunk man who is about to get laid but does not have a condom
76561197970613120,Recommended,313120,14131593,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,I Twerk on Your Grave,"After cooking about 10 sardines and crabs, eating them all, and only getting 3 bars of hunger back, I was like, ♥♥♥♥ it, I'm going to kill this tiger shark that's been creeping on me from shore for the last day and a half. I wade into the shallow water, stabbing with my spear as i follow the shark out into deep water. I swim underneath him, pulling out my trusty pocket knife and stab him in the soft underbelly several times. He's dead YES! Start dragging him back to shore, envisioning the massive feast I'm about to have. Get to shore, still holding the shark. Before I can set foot on shore, I set foot....into the air?? I'm climbing into the air dragging...or flying on, a dead tiger shark. When I get about 50 feet into the air, I fall suddenly and break something. That something was my entire body, for I am dead.10/10 - would fly on dead shark again"
,Recommended,313120,14398991,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ONE MAN HOMOCAUST,dont ♥♥♥♥ing touch sea urchins they will ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up
,Recommended,313120,17149816,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ZambieAngel 💜,"I love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, but you guys need to fix your ""torch"" because it crashes my game every single stupid time I loot it from a chest. Watch out for them flashlight's guys..."
,Recommended,313120,29835174,Posted: 10 February,all,✅BRUSHER 2.0✅,sick game vary fun i saw a vid on youtube and i was hooked from the plane crash... 10/10
76561198062680955,Recommended,313120,14327574,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ща Смачкам Мамка Ти Стара Сина,This game is absolutely amazing.It has a lot of potential and if the devs keep working on it  it will become one of the greatest survival game ever especially if they add multiplayer.The developers released the game with a major bug that caused your raft to disappear.After four days they released a hotfix that removed the bug and improved the game by adding whales and fixing other bugs.For now they are two easter eggs which is really good for a game that is in early access.I give this game 10/10.Would buy again!!!!
,Recommended,313120,14127361,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cricket,sharks decided to pushme off my raft.Swam to shoreNo more raftspent 10 minutes stabbing shark to death with a pocket knife10/10 shark fighting simulator
,Not Recommended,313120,14983206,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Dade,My crafting is glitched I can only make campfires
,Recommended,313120,15014014,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BusinessPenguin,Reviewing this game as is its good.some bad things-Lots of FPS drops when you build a big house. Not minore like when i had a huge house and i steped foot in it i got 5 fps when i normally have 100-Not much to do but Its fun to relax ingamesome good thingseverything elsesomethings they could addmultyplayer co-opbigger isalandsmore gamemodes (Hardcore)oficial mod supportMore items7/10
76561198090348530,Recommended,313120,14149293,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Shrump,WILLSON!!IMM SORRY WILSSON!!
76561198029747473,Recommended,313120,14842007,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cosmic loaf,good
76561198087952649,Not Recommended,313120,29022463,Posted: 4 January,all,habadashery07,"Used to have no problems playing this game a year or two ago, loved it so much. Using the exact same computer, I even tried wiping and reinstalling the game but it made no difference. So laggy I can't even play. Very disappointed."
,Recommended,313120,24315432,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Gladius39,Crash land in the pacific. Why is that plane pen still unmoved on the desk?*get on the life raft**go to a random island**make a set of tools**make more tools**run out of resources*f***....*go to another island**a great white knocks me off the raft**get back on the raft**knocked off again*little b****!*get back on before it bites**arrive on a new island**grind more resources**watch a pretty sunset**Die from starvation*9/10 would die again
76561198048992856,Recommended,313120,29418973,Posted: 22 January,all,Penguin,Will they ever release the update for Achievements? =(
76561198058585556,Recommended,313120,14170231,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sergeant Reckless,this game is awesome if you like the movie cast away im sure you will find it as fun as me this me be the first good small island survival game out there trying to surive whit limited resources is funner than you would tink but thats not all in the deep ocean there is lots more to discover drowned ships and parts of other vehicles whit loot 10/10 would recommend this game
76561198121022238,Recommended,313120,14272400,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Stillfly,"Had alot of fun geting lost in this beautiful world. got so into it!! i explored on my raft, was stalked by sharks, and found hiden good in shipwreaks. 10/10"
76561198139460430,Recommended,313120,14131636,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,R628,20 Minutes into the game i'm on my raft in the middle of the sea when a storm hits. At first i didn't care to much until my vision was blurred with fog. I was completely lost plus 3 great whites showed up. I somehow managed to survive 10/10
76561198015073437,Recommended,313120,14131686,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Whyena,"Not even five minutes into the game I fall out of a tree trying to get coconut's and sprained my leg, get the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of me by several sharks, completely wipe out the indigenous crab population, then vomit everything I ate because I accadentally ate raw crab meat.10/10 would die on a island again.EDIT: I tried moveing to a new island, raft disappeared, had to start swimming, fog came in thick, got lost in the endless sea of fog and water, sharks soon found a snack."
,Recommended,313120,14161769,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Myuda,i went out on a little hunt for  wrecks 5 seconds later it started raining. and i couldnt find♥♥♥♥♥♥ then when it couldnt get worse 3 ♥♥♥♥ing sharks come...10/10 would get lost again
,Not Recommended,313120,16265194,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sencored,"This game is no good right now. I want much much more from it and feel like after [a lot of] time passes, it will be a great game. But for now... 2/10 (Wait for full release)"
76561198009391714,Not Recommended,313120,16752898,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,greenaar,Crashes within 90 seconds of entering the water.
76561198177273219,Not Recommended,313120,16850613,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,b.keenan416,it needs controller support
,Not Recommended,313120,16830966,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Zimbom,this game is really fk boring
,Not Recommended,313120,16950208,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Omega™,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..i hate this gameign 0.5/100000"
,Not Recommended,313120,17008063,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Darge,"First I'd like to say that this game has a very interesting game concept and game design, though nothing completely unique with the other dozen games of the survival genre that have come about the last year or so.  It is a nice change from the zombie / apocolyptic theme in a more serene tropical setting.Unfortunately I would not recommend purchasing this yet in its current state.  I would class is as somewhere between a proof of concept / tech demo and a pre-alpha release.The game is graphically polished and very appealing on the eye (probably why its has sold around 500,000 units),  however once you get past the nice polished graphics of the game,  the actual content is lacking.- The crafting system is very primitive with a only a handful of thing to actually craft.- The survival aspect is almost non-existent.  You can survive indefinitely without any problems.- The exploration aspect is repetetive as there is only a handful of biomes / islands that can be generated and they are finitely randomly generated so once you've seen 5 or so islands, you've seen them all.- Item discovery is done by exploring ship wrecks, etc of which there's around maybe 50 items to find  with half of them pretty much having no actual purpose in the game.The game is in its VERY early stages and quite honestly,  should not be released to the public let alone make anyone pay to play it.  The game has potential, so keep an eye on it,  but don't hold your breath."
76561198042055574,Not Recommended,313120,17012497,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mudaquil,"Stranded Deep has potential but has the content development has been ridiculously slow by developers. We've seen one content update since the beginning of its Early Access.Do not buy this game, there is very little content and it isn't worth spending any of your money on, especially not fifteen dollars."
76561198095806854,Not Recommended,313120,14983020,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SpecialPotato,"It is early access, but as it stands it's not much of a survival game and a lot of its crafting mechanics are fairly useless, so there's not much to aspire to beyond building a raft or exploring. Exploring is also only fun for so long, there's little variation between the tiny islands. I think the devs talked about adding other biomes as they go, and I could see the contrast between diving for treasure (among wrecks and sharks) and sailing/floating to new land could be a lot of fun, it's just not nearly there yet.I would've appreciated a warning before I bought the game though, so if I were you, I'd wait until the full release comes out and make sure to see if it looks like it's come together before buying.I wish I could post a neutral thumb, but since it's rated ""very positive"" I'll try to bring things down to Earth."
,Not Recommended,313120,16180307,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ℱ𝓸𝓻𝓢𝓪𝓵𝒆,"Seems like you are doing the same thing over and over again, in the future i may actually feel like moving further into the game but for now i will just leave it as a work in progress. The game isn't very interesting, has weird interations with objects, and pretty much has you doing the same thing over and over again to survive. 3.44444444/10 Tell me when the game is finished!"
,Not Recommended,313120,14997068,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,J-Diddy,"I like where this game is heading. It's like Rust meets Minecraft meets Castaway as a single-player game. But....Improvements I see needed would be (at least) a few additions to crafting. There's no bow and arrow. No fishing pole. No way to build boxes or shelves to keep your things in and there's a limited number of ""backpack"" slots. But there are the tools necessary to make all these things already available in-game. Lashing could be made into additional backpack slots. Sticks and lashing could make a fishing pole or bow. Sticks and stone shards could make arrows. Most of all, you need stone to create a number of things, but there's a limited number of stones available per island and no way to break bigger boulders down into stones. It makes your world incredibly limited and and in no way renewable, leading me to my next qualm.Reading through ""Current Features"" they make it seem like there's a way to maintain your island, but there's nothing like this. There's no way to grow your own plants. So when you cut down a palm tree, it's gone forever. There's no way to use a green coconut to generate a new one, even those these coconuts are available in-game. When you cut down a potato plant, there's no way to grow more potatoes using one of the 3 potatoes you just harvested. The only resource that regrows is yucca, which allows you to make lashing. But what's the use of lashing if you're limited in everything else. Okay, you have rope, but no other resources with which to use the rope. Might as well drown yourself.I understand this is early access, but devs need to step up their game a little to keep me interested. I don't recommend this game until these things get fixed, otherwise you're just waiting to run out of resources and die within a week (in-game time). No sense in paying money for something that's not geared to the survivor's favor."
,Not Recommended,313120,14235296,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,apple bottom penis,Don't buy it right now. not much to do for price.
76561198007698765,Not Recommended,313120,15190160,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,josh.uhall,"This is brilliantly conceived and beautifully rendered game. I look forward to playing it very much....until I start actually playing it.For some reason, I cannot set foot off an island without sharks flipping over my boat and killing me almost immediately. In several cases, this has happened right after the intro scene before I can even set foot on an island.I'd really love to explore this world but don't really get the chance to, because the sharks....well, they're always right there to kill me. Not really too fun....I just want to explore, craft, find the seafort etc.....maybe seeing a shark every once in a while would be ok, but its just too much as it stands right now. Don't know how players like generikb manage....guess its a lot of editing on his part?It's been said before, but the developers would do well to give players the OPTION of being attacked by sharks or not, as the hyper aggressive sharks are making what is otherwise an incredible game very nearly unplayable for me.I'm going to say ""no"" on the recommendation for now until the developers hopefully resolve the issue with sharks being everywhere, flipping rafts, and killing the player before the game even really gets going."
,Recommended,313120,31725390,Posted: 13 May,all,warren2013,Great game so far. Looking forward to seeing all the new updates the developers come up with.
76561198009431568,Recommended,313120,14223613,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Comrade Stalin,"I took on a tiger shark with a shity pocket knife, However i didn't see his mate behind me and was massacred! I got my $15 worth just in that!"
,Not Recommended,313120,14292265,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Smoke Big,1. This game is entertaining for about half an hour. after that you dont have a whole lot todo2. bugfixes and updates should be pretty frequent in the beginning of development(wich it has not)3. i supose there is not gonna be co-op before its been 2 years in development and not supported anymore4. prove me wrong Beam Team Games
76561198063534634,Recommended,313120,29269084,Posted: 15 January,all,Redbrute,1 Bought game2 Built a hut3 Found Wilson ''Wally100/10 Would scream ''Wilson!!'' again
,Recommended,313120,14321166,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,plant b,Отличная игра...
76561198023405360,Not Recommended,313120,15923870,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,DrunkenHatter,"Buggy as ♥♥♥♥, pink everywhere"
76561197970968073,Not Recommended,313120,14755306,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Roboman,"Pretty boring, unintuitive buggy at this time. Nice idea but it's just a hassle to do anything and you need to have a wiki open at the same time because there's no way to know how to craft without looking recipies up."
76561198131511432,Not Recommended,313120,15106611,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,kungsfelt,"Too little too early!Nice game, might have some potential, but so few things too craft... Islands are too small, no maps. I understand this ""nobody"" concept, but why not a few bandits or non players characters? Above all, how can you propose a game with only 15 or so objects to craft?Do not buy it now!"
,Not Recommended,313120,17099203,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,liviabethhh,"Would love to play this game, if I didn't have to roll back my drivers in order to play it. Really?Until then, I'm getting a refund. I don't feel as though I can even genuinely reccomend it until this issue is fixed."
,Recommended,313120,14203871,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Biological Machine,"This game is well worth the money put into it.  There's almost nothing like the near-horror of having Great Whites toy around with your Boat as you paddle from island to island in search of coconuts.Despite my annoyance at not being able to make chests, Larger backpacks, Or A house boat ( Something a game like this needs very very much) I still enjoyed the gameplay quite a bit, and are looking forward to new updates, Fixes, and Content for this game...It runs beautifully on my laptop... Which is a rare treat for high-detail games nowadays."
76561198067055892,Recommended,313120,15043741,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ᴳ   ᵉ   ᵉ   ᵐ   ᵃ   ʷ   ᵈ   ᵉ  ʳ,"Put a stone between two crabs, it exploded into stone shards, sharks pushed me to islands, i can lift big trees.  9000/1337More detailed recension comming soon."
,Recommended,313120,15581912,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,pdizzlemynizzlefoschizzle,I really like this game. It is extremely realistic (apart from the stingrays going underground). you really feel as though you are there yourself and the sound effects are very nicely added.
,Recommended,313120,14297062,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ashinos,"1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000.9% worth it. Bought it and have -1 regrets, unlike the other games I have played. This game has great potential and if you are looking for a game that you can play to relax and explore the nature of the tropics, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,313120,14136120,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,INFINITE,"0.01>wake up in a private flight>notice I was playing The Forest on my laptop>remembering how depriving it is to be stranded on an island>because on a plane, I imagine what I would do if this particular one were to fall out of the sky>realised what a waste of money to fly private unless i join the mile high club>get random craving to mix a martini and hopefully fuq-a-bish>prepare the martini, and drink it in one gulp>check on pilots see if they are alright and ask where abouts are we>no response>i decide to shrug it off thinking  maybe they dont want to speak with me or some other dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>I notice there are no other passengers or crew members to ""socialise"" with>return back to my seat>my suspission rise as I dont fully recall the purpose of my travel on this plane>in-fact I am unsure about most of whats happening>I get some crazy suspissions in my head but i ignore them in hopes of falling asleep>out of no-where just as i was about to get comfy teh fuqing plane starts crashing>herewegoagain.jpeg>teh freaking plane starts sinking, and im forced to swim out of it>find the raft>jet engine blows up and knocks me out>drifting4dayz.gif>wake up on the raft>see a suspicious amount of islands all nearby>headed to the closest one>i knew what i needed to do streight away because of all my practice playing the forest on the laptop>arrive at teh island>gathered a bunch of resourses>somehow all knowledge of survival left me except building a fire>build fire>memanmemakefire.png>gather more resources in attempt for something to jump into my mind to build>nohope.mkv>stand at the fire meditating for knowledge>nothing>regret not doing much with my life but to play The Forest on my laptop in a pricate plane>get depressed>swim out into the ocean to meet my doom>dead...2edgy4me"
76561198077746248,Recommended,313120,14127789,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,eclipse,"From what I have played so far, this game is by far the best and closest resemblance to castaway. Won't spoil the game as to what you do, but it's pretty much the trilogy to stranded 1 & 2 ! 10/10 for an early access game :)"
76561198065030652,Recommended,313120,14348525,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Pus,Would spend a entire day trying to catch a sardine again10/10
,Recommended,313120,14153347,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Racookitty2 [PieNinjaPR],"I have been following this game for at least a year, and it came out on my birthday! (So Awesome!) And i have started to play it.. And now i love it, it's a fantastic game, the graphics are FABULOUS, and even at a early access stage, it's one of the best early dev games i have EVER seen, SO awesome! I litteraly can't put it down... lel. Also, it has it's flaws! (Like seriously.. DO NOT ENTER THE ABANDONED SHIP. YOU WILL BE TRAPPED FOREVER.) But, I am REALLY excited for what this game will hold in the future, as it is already a fantastic experience. :DSeriously. Buy This Game. It Is SOO Worth It. You Might Be Intimidated By The 'Early Access' Label, But It Is So Worth It, And You Will Like It!EDIT, MARCH 3: I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot. This game is trash, guys."
,Not Recommended,313120,16264565,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AGuyNamedSmith,its just not intresting it has vey little to actully do. I built a house now what. i make a raft now what. i killed a shark with a glitch now what. Plus you'r constantly having to eat or drink it gets in the way of even those tasks.
76561198007282678,Recommended,313120,14920648,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,yohan_pace,"Spent the first hour of gameplay stuck on the roof of a halfsunken ship, being circled by a shark.2 days worth of nightmares. 9/11 would play again"
,Recommended,313120,14466370,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TehCrumpet,Stranded Deep is a game that you will probably get bored of after 10 hours.But since its an alpha game it has got good graphics and fun gameplay. Gets very intensive when out at sea and you have lost your raft.I have always hated the ocean because you dont know what is underneath you.Ive got to admit my fear of the ocean passed over to this game.Fun Survival game but would only buy it if it's on sale because it hasn't got much content.It has got some bugs in it but it's an alpha.6/10
76561198079528902,Recommended,313120,14154353,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kriegermeister / csgolive.com,"The game needs more rocks, less OP sharks, the rafts need to stop being buggy, and other stuff...lol. The game is good for an early access tho. :) I still like it tho...."
,Recommended,313120,14171355,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jesus of Nazareth,"I came, I saw, I got eaten by sharks."
,Recommended,313120,14465256,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Its Jason Bourne,This was the best game i have ever laid eyes on i play MLG Stranded Deep Now.1000000/10
,Recommended,313120,14464734,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,great game but now there are way to many sharks i cant even get to my island now
,Not Recommended,313120,14717822,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ChazTheHorse,"It's worse than minecraft, don't buy."
,Recommended,313120,14201206,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,✶ veL,"Do you enjoy the warmth of Wilson?Get Stranded Deep.How about eating potatoes?Get Stranded Deep.Like to run from sharks because they'll f*cking rek you?Get Stranded Deep.You like amazing menu screen music?Get Stranded Deep.You like amazing graphics?Get Stranded Deep.You like crabs?Get Stranded Deep.You like building?Get Stranded Deep.You like hunting for lootable items?Get Stranded Deep.You like cutting down trees for several hours?Get Stranded Deep.You like campfires and marshmellows?Get Stranded Deep.You like a very simple in-game UI?Get Stranded Deep.You like killing f*cking sharks?Get Stranded Deep.You like drowning?Get Stranded Deep.You like paddling a raft for 4-6 hours?Get Stranded Deep.You like realism?Get Stranded Deep.You like to pretend you're Tom Hanks?Get Stranded Deep.You like shouting Indian chants when building your first camp fire?Get Stranded Deep.You like sunsets?Get Stranded Deep.You like flare guns?Get Stranded Deep.You like crafting?Get Stranded Deep.You like The Forest? Too bad,Get Stranded Deep.You like making a martini and getting wasted?Get Stranded Deep.You like flying in planes?Get Stranded Deep.You like waking up to finding yourself in the middle of nowhere?Get Stranded Deep.You like a bit of horror (sharks) but not too much?Get Stranded Deep.You like drinking coconut juice?Get Stranded Deep.You like eating coconuts?Get Stranded Deep.You like slicing at a shark's pancreas?Get Stranded Deep.You like roasting the shark on your camp fire?Get Stranded Deep.You like first person shooters?Then stop reading this review, scrub.You like organized bulleted lists?Get Stranded Deep.You like finding a baby crab and naming it Peter?Get Stranded Deep.You like finding out that Peter popped your raft?Get Stranded Deep.You enjoy the taste of Peter (and sweet revenege)?Get Stranded Deep.You like monkeys? Too bad, they're not in the game yet. Anyway,Get Stranded Deep.You like finding machettes?Get Stranded Deep.You like scaring sharks away with a whistle?Get Stranded Deep.You like sh*ting yourself when you're surrounded by sharks?Get Stranded Deep.You like exploring shipwrecks?Get Stranded Deep.You like finding lootable chests?Get Stranded Deep.You like an awesome gaming experience that is well worth $15?Get Stranded Deep."
76561198103201204,Recommended,313120,15678360,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,E-L-E-V-A-T-E,"This game is very creative. Its updates are slightly slow, but they have big plans for the future. I recommend this game for people ages 10+."
76561198083082166,Recommended,313120,14135439,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TimmyNoThumbz,"So, after watching a few videos of this game online, and having read numerous postive reviews here on Steam, I was definitely interested in this game. What sealed the purchase for me was the clear commitment from the devs to make this game the best it can be. I first heard about Stranded Deep about a month or so ago, and I was definitely skeptical at first. What kept me interested was the success of The Forest, which is one of my favourite games on Steam.Once I heard that this game has been in development for over 2 years, the core gameplay is implemented, and that one of the devs' highest priorities is bug squashing, I decided to get the game.Immediately, I was captivated. Unlike many other survival games out right now, Stranded Deep doesn't throw anything super natural or unnatural at you. The basic premise is that you're the survivor of what ppears to be a private plane crash somewhere on the pacific ocean. Your life raft drifts overnight to a series of small, tropical/desert islands with limited resources on them.There are ship wrecks, coral reefs and deep ocean trenches to explore as well, with various fish, crabs, and even predatory sharks that will attack and kill you if you're not careful when skinny dipping!The sharks are the only ""enemy"" in the game; there are no zombies, no mutants, no cannibals or anything in between.Just you are the world.You can die from dehyrdation under the burning sun, starvation, sickness and possibly physical injuries (don't eat raw crabs. Just don't. You'll thank me later).My current character suffered a broken arm after climbing a palm tree and falling off. The game actually has a mechanic where you look at your wrist watch to see the time and days survived (press F). Pressing LMB from here will cycle it to show your vital stats (health, hunger and thirst). If, like me, you sustain a broken arm, when looking at your watch, the arm will actually look disfigured and legitimately broken. Props to the devs for this detail. It actually made me cringe when I saw it, and I'm not usually squeamish about anything, let alone video game content.Graphically, the game is fantastic. It runs on the Unity engine, and with all (available) graphical settings maxed out, I'm getting 80-120 FPS on average (with FX 8350, GTX 770 and 8 GB RAM), so the game is very well optimised and runs silky smooth (the sparseness of the world obviously plays a part in this). The open ocean is rendered beautifully, lighting, shade and textures all look great and its approaching The Forest levels of fidelity.Eye candy.The controls are responsive if a bit glitchy, and the crafting system is very unique, and arguably realistic. You place items on the floor and put them together in various combinations to make anything from a basic fire to steps for your shelter (yes, basic base building is a thing in Stranded Deep, and it works well).One thing in particular is probably going through your mind if you've been involved in PC gaming for any longer than a year; EARLY ACCESS.Straight away, I would like to say that yes, this game is in alpha, and yes, it has bugs and glitches. However, they are not as bad as I was expecting.In fact, I haven't noticed many at all. Like I said earlier, the game is silky smooth to play, and tbh, some of the glitches that I have come across are quite funny (and completely excusable for an alpha). For example, your character has no shadow, and when holding an item in your hands, the item casts a shadow on the floor, but your body doesn't. So when you're walking around, it looks like there's a floating knife :DThe only major glitch that I encountered was when my inventory and hotkeys froze up, and I couldn't use or do anything in the game. I had to restart the game.The devs are committed to the game and will do their part to iron out the problems.I have seen my fair share of bad/questionable alphas; WarZ and DayZ come to mind (the latter of which I actually enjoy, it's the pace of development of that game that has been sleep-inducing). Stranded Deep isn't one of them. It is an Early Access Alpha done right.Not only that, but it's a pure survival game. You vs the wild. Nothing more.If the devs stick to their guns and polish this game as they intend, we could be looking at a fantastic open world survival experience. It's already a tonne of fun, and despite the problems that it has, the potential is there.I will be updating this review periodically throughout the year, until the game is fully released.8/10- recommended if you are okay with Early Access and enjoy survival survival games, otherwise wait for beta or full release."
76561198022182143,Recommended,313120,14135458,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dennis,10/10 By ADF-Dennis
,Recommended,313120,14134344,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Seppola,"I just bought this game because I had nothing for todays stream. I loved it. Basically it is really immersive and beautiful! When you figure out the crafting system u feel like the possibilities are endless! Then maybe you kill a shark and feel all kinds of hype! Then you want to eat the shark and realize there is no more rocks. Then you see that because you needed a big house, rocks ain't the only thing you need. Then you're pushed to scavenge another island, then you're screwed..:P What I'm trying to say is that as soon they fix the travelsystem between Islands with a possibility to return to Home Island, this game is SO awesome!Try it and see! I've even taken my raft out flying! Come to think of it, me and my dead shark friend did the same thing and it was just pure fun!"
,Recommended,313120,15409480,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Vanilla csgolive.com,"1rst Day:Hmm, this game looks easy....2 seconds later:Oh ok, I see that you have a health bar, food bar, and thirst bar. In a single watch. Seems legit.5 minutes later:*Me looking through a wrecked plane* Hmm, what is that weird noise? It reminds me of that one movie... What was it called? Teeth? Mouth? Opened? OHHH, I remember! Jaws! Wait......3 seconds later:OOOH MY GERD IT'S A SHARK!!! AHHHHH!!!!!5 seconds later:GET ON THE RAFT! GO! GO! GO!3 seconds later:NO I DROPPED THE PADDLE!!! I'M GOING TO DIE!!!3.12312532554734523 seconds later:Oh... Sharks can't attack when you are on the raft. Seems legit.10 seconds later:Ah. Back on the old island. I guess I can try to cook up some crabs.1000 hours later:WHY CAN'T I COOK CRABS!2 seconds later:Ok. Lemme try to leave it on the campfire for a little bit longer. *Ding*... All I had to do was wait? heheehe10 years later:hehe. heheeadw1. Welcome to the party Alfred.... THE COCONUT... heehee. hehe. .he.he.he.he.eheheheh. *Randomly shouts ""WILSOOOOOOON!""* hehe.h.e.heehehe.12 days later:*Accidently restarts game* wut..... wut... wut.... NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUOverall the game is amazing. Can't wait 'til the full version comes out! Oh and btw. Don't add the guy's shadow. I love going around with a floating shadow axe. 10/10"
,Recommended,313120,14435742,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,TheViperLover,Love the game... but in the next update would love to see if there is a way we get out of boats with only a hatch on top .. like grabbing the ledge of the boat or jumping out of water of somesort ... thanks
,Not Recommended,313120,16916772,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Warguy,the leg is reali have a 2.9 ghz processor and get 20 fps on laptop quality10/10 wouldnt want to play again
76561198069647294,Recommended,313120,14291041,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,(UDF) EasyAce,Paddling simulator 201510/10 would paddle again
,Recommended,313120,33918339,Posted: 30 July,all,Papa Smurf,Thois game makes me gay
76561198051193702,Recommended,313120,29762606,Posted: 7 February,all,schw!fty,"..after the newest update: 1. if you climb coconut trees and want to pick up a coconut, you instantly fall off the tree. 2. these ""new storage systems"" should have more storage space. 3. add multiplayer 4. great potential"
76561198063696837,Recommended,313120,14127487,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hairy Manly Hummus,I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING BUT ITS REALLY FUN.
76561198059839463,Recommended,313120,14127513,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,john.reynolds123,AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,313120,29954321,Posted: 15 February,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"The only game I know of where you can dig meat out of your chest and make the fish you just caught, disappear.This game is beautiful, extremely basic, and BOARING......A direct result of the party's involved putting the personal ego before the game. You cannot give feedback you will be banned. What the game has become is proof of that. The concept piece was GREAT, exciting dangerous and fun. Now you can pretty much sit in a box and survive at the core level. Thats it. I give the game a thumbs up because the basic survival is solid and i really do enjoy the gfx. I like building my lil hut. Fishing, growing, and drinking. Like a vacation sitting  on the beach and enjoying the view.But, thats where it ends. A lot of great ideas and feedback to enhance the game have been punished, kicked then permanetly banned. While all the features that made the concept piece great are being taken away piece by piece. To truely enjoy this game i recomend buying the polished finished piece. That way you dont become disillusioned about the providers, thier abilitys, and the promise that was destroyed through a system of hearing only feedback that is wanted to hear. Unless they totally crap the project what you will expierence will be good and you will not suffer the lolipop that could of been.This game should NOT of been ea. The egos were to big to handle steam."
,Recommended,313120,14153731,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,✪Lightyy,Walk into Inch deep water.Hear Suspenseful music.Look around.See Shark 5 feet from me.Go back on land.Live on Coconuts and Crabs.10/10
76561198073639004,Recommended,313120,14135044,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,end me,"♥♥♥♥♥s mostly good, it's those sharks that swim through my island and mess up all my perfectly stacked logs with it's fin"
76561198106422465,Recommended,313120,16581304,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,OuterHeaven,"Bear Grylls FTW, Awesome game"
,Recommended,313120,16338357,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Scrotox the Mighty,I've only been playing for a few minutes and I already love this game. Spawned on a new Island after I figured the mechanics out. Found and old ship frame that had a trunk with flippers inside. Now I swim super fast. Saw the mast of a ship no far off my island. And its filled with tools and boat parts. The visuals are stunning. The water looks great. The fish and corals under the water are a nice extra. All around a great buy.
76561198083401599,Recommended,313120,14926564,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Norseman16,"A bit buggy and confusing on the crafing at first but once you get the hang of it the game turns out to be really fun.On a sidenote, after playing this, you will really hate sharks, seriously hate them with a burning passion, and never, ever, under any circumstances trust a land shark.  They act all nice and gain your trust, then when you least expect it, while your swimming or paddling around ""Steven"" or whatever you named him will strike without warning with 12 of his buddies to back him up."
,Recommended,313120,15364335,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,CJ,Can't use my mouse on it. Freezes at 89%Graphics are 8/10.
,Recommended,313120,16691017,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,feiderfett,7.7 hours on record my♥♥♥♥♥ Its ben like 40 days. Oh wait. It was only 7 hours. Holy hell this is good.
76561198067537235,Recommended,313120,14134903,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,arkamazanku,"*It's been a couple days since release and they've already added their first update that claims to have fixed the disappearing raft and land shark bugs. In addition, they added another easter egg and whales.I rowed from my home island to a nearby one and found two shipwrecks. A massive one I could wade out to without swimmng, and one standing on end jutting off of an undersea cliff.I went and explored the first one with no surprises... Then it starts to rain as I venture to the second pillar of a ship. I look around weary of danger before hopping in. As I swim into the hole in the side A tigershark lunges from the corner of the screen just barely missing me as I dive into the wreck. I climb up the hold to a large pocket of air knowing the end waits for me outside... Starvation and thirts start to take hold. I'm driven to escape. To reach the shore where food and water waits.. I plunge from the wreck to find two tigers now in waiting...10/10 Would get eaten again."
76561198186425509,Recommended,313120,16671163,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DarkStar1226,"This game. It's amazing. I love it! The graphics are amazing, the crafting is flawless, the exploring is fun,the building is smooth, and the experience you will have playing this game is amazing. Keep in mind, it IS early access, so you may find bugs and glitches, but for me I've only had one problem the entire time playing and that was a wierd glitch when I loaded my game at one point, but has not happened since. I promise that if you buy this game you will completely love it!"
,Not Recommended,313120,16899657,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Meat_Cleaver,Having trouble running the game.Crashes every time I make the cocktail on the plane in the beggining.
,Recommended,313120,14351409,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Monkeytarget93,"This game is awesome, but it has only so far for Aplha a 2-3 hour limit of gameplay as of right now. I'm hoping to see a lot more development. Don't get me wrong this  game looks fantastic and should be well known for its looks and very unique crafting style. Very enjoyable game  mechanics, as well as scenery. Sharks are terrifing at first but you learn to deal with them or just stay out of the water. in all I would love a rating system more then thumbs up or down to tell you how awesome this game is.  5 out 5 in my books."
,Recommended,313120,14151400,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Aris,"Pretty basic at the moment but very promising! I like the minimal hud, really helps set the scene and makes things feel more realistic. As does the style of the items you can craft, buildings ect look much more like what you could create when left on a desert island.Crafting in the world rather than via menu is a nice new feature, helps to keep you immersed in the survival style of the game rather than pausing the action to fumble through the clunkly crafting systems you see in other games.Looking forward to seeing what the devs do with this one!Would recomend to anyone who enjoyed the survival style of rust."
76561198019198267,Not Recommended,313120,29882562,Posted: 12 February,all,LawzoL,"Made a progress review in 2014: Thumbs up (It was new and tiny islands but relaxing and subtle)Made a progress review in 2015: Thumbs up (BIGGER ISLANDS :-D)Made a progress reviewin 2016: THUMBS DOWN (Back to tiny islands and Beam Team wont let me play it since I stated that and no matter what, it crashes after 2 mins regardless of machine)Making a progress review in 2017: DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP! (Beam NG will not work for me now either since the 2016 review! The Beam Team think they are maifa or something, never finishing their products but releasing new ones to cash in and making tiny and terrible 'improvements' to their early access♥♥♥♥♥♥to make some cash)Beam Team = Mafia Simulator 2017!"
,Recommended,313120,14146423,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Wargog,"So much to say after only playing it for 10 minutes. I wouldn't say this is the greatest game ever, it is early access and there is a ton of room for improvement. The water looks so amazing, the game run at highest settings with no problem at a steady 30+ FPS. I saved my game and went to the main menu to look at the controls (They are not covered well in the short tutorial at the beginning of the game) and came back in to find my life raft disappeared, making the ocean impassable. The real magic happened however when I went into the ocean to explore, and some creepy noises started and i looked up to see a massive Tiger Shark in my face. This game is going to shape up to be something great, as long as the devs stick to their awesome work of art."
,Recommended,313120,14154236,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BushCookie,Swam out into the ocean and killed a tiger shark with a pocket knife then used it as a magic carpet 10/10 Game of the Year!
,Recommended,313120,32207303,Posted: 5 June,all,Frobi Wan,"There's just not enough things to explore and find and craft as I would hope, you play it for a few hours and have a gay old time, then you start to find most of what there is to find and then you don't really come back. Maybe when the game comes out fully this review might change but, for now, I don't really think it's worth the price tag. (But then again, I'm really cheap)T.L.D.RIt's not for everyone, but if you can get it on sale or something, give it a look"
76561198019072812,Recommended,313120,24769794,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SGrose,"Wow...so I started playing this game pretty much the day it came to early access.  I love survival games that AREN'T HORROR SURVIVAL GAMES.  When I first played this game at it's start, it was fantastic, it had a unique crafting system, unique way of getting from island to island, and it felt nearly complete.  So I started it up after many many months of not playing it, to find that the game is completely different...and not in a good way.  In order to explain this, I'm going to compare the old and new ways of doing things in the game.-Steering the raft and paddlingOld Way: You walk onto the raft, equip the paddle from your inventory (pick if up if you didn't have room) and left click to paddle.  Make sure you stay near the center of the raft or else you might get thrown off with a big wave.New Way: You walk onto the raft, Interact with it, and hold W to go where you want to.  You can't alter the speed of which you're going, you can't move on the raft, you're glued to it.-Crafting tools and shelterOld Way: You spend the time to gather the various items you need, some sticks of wood, a few rocks, and some rope made from plant fibers.  Drop all the items in front of you and interact with them to make the item you want.New Way: You spend the time to gather the items you need.  Press C...craft itemSo from these examples, you can see how they took two interesting and unique ways of doing things and dumbing it down to the standard survival game crafting.  While this isn't enough to ruin the game, it certainly doesn't make me excited for future updatesThat said, still an interesting game, so I'd say go for it"
76561198001837540,Recommended,313120,14824703,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dr. Zimmerman,"Great game, but the update releases are very slow.."
76561198215075168,Recommended,313120,16661119,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bird,The game is awsome a little bit of lag but still its your choice if you dont like it but i do
76561198124816378,Recommended,313120,16541662,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr. Otanagwa,fun fun very fun
76561198135469038,Recommended,313120,16249017,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,I'm bad,This game is fun but it still needs work
76561198101708967,Recommended,313120,14386065,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dom75432,1 crafted some weapons.2 felt ill after eating live crab.3 made a bed.4 swam out to the middle of the sea.5 lost my paddle now im in the♥♥♥♥♥♥6  had to restart game.after all that i  chilled with roasted crrab by my campfire. will you survie get the game and find out for your self 11/10 would  reconmend.
76561198319039391,Not Recommended,313120,32554978,Posted: 18 June,all,Natsu Dragneel,If you play on a mac do not get this game. it crushes after the plane is complete.
76561198028363291,Recommended,313120,31009419,Posted: 7 April,all,💎💖lookintothelight💖💎,i like survival but i don't like sharksi like coconutsStill a work in progress i like itMost helpful review EVA
,Recommended,313120,32645143,Posted: 22 June,all,Raider[X],"What if you were stuck on an island with nothing but the clothes on your back, could you survive? This single-player survival game will challenge your will to survive when all seems lost."
,Recommended,313120,32642693,Posted: 22 June,all,RZR0,Great survival game!
,Recommended,313120,14141332,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jellywatcher,"This game is already fun to play, I can't wait untill they put in more content and things to explore and craft"
,Recommended,313120,14192484,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Marchymagic,"Not bad for an early access game, thouroughly reccomed!"
,Recommended,313120,14146342,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Toomy |⚆෴⚆|,I was chopping a shark with a machete while riding it.I got stuck in a boat wreck.I flew up into the air with a dead shark.I hit the shark while falling and died.10/10 would do again.
76561198044291784,Recommended,313120,14210903,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Foxareno,"this game is kinda bare at the moment but worth every penny. theres times i wish i was a game developer because i just imagine if they made this one big map with a tonne of islands and then added online servers. it would be like ocean rust, like just imagine building your base on your island and 3 guys on rafts come sailing in with harpoon guns to ♥♥♥♥ your day and steal your supplies. that being said is what i envision would be cool for this game. what it is now is more like dont starve on a neverending island generating ocean. it has lots of cool things to work towards like deep sea caves which are only reachable with an air can. cooking and crafting is quite unique. in the near futue i expect multiplayer like the forest because it sems to be the same engine the forest runs off of. i havent really encountered any bugs so far which is great. i highly recoomend this game. 9/10 id give 10/10 if flare gn was implemented yet"
,Not Recommended,313120,29056379,Posted: 6 January,all,dark-knight,Do your self a favor and don't get it.
,Recommended,313120,15695932,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[82DK] DarkLeftOvers,Thought this would cure my fears of sharks.Nope.
,Recommended,313120,30064707,Posted: 20 February,all,Cleanup,strong survival game. great game in progress. hoping for some sort of multiplayer.
76561197977189830,Recommended,313120,14222348,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,goodolarchie™,"Tons of promise, currently very rudimentary.At $15, I am happy to fund the development of a really neat and unique survival game.  I haven't played Rust or the Forest or those others, so take this with a grain of salt.For starters, I love the immersion of the intro.  You fix a martini before the dreaded plane crash, then hop on a life raft and wash onto a small s. pacific island.From there, you can do some basic crafting (axe for chopping, hammer for building, weapons), and get to the core of the game - exploration!  Initially, it's a pretty scary world with somewhat odd clipping/collision mechanics (how many times have I fallen off the boat into shark infested water?).  Sharks are everywhere, and not wanting to lose my progress, I stayed the hell away from them.  Turns out they are just the gumbas of this game - you can outswim them, dodge them easily, and mostly ignore them when boating between islands.In the current build, there's basic vegetation like yucca and potatoes, plus some creatures like crabs, some small fish like sardines, and some bigger fish that I haven't gotten to yet.  I had a humpback whale beach itself on my lagoon home (not really, just a clipping thing, rather hilarious though to see a giant whale swim through my island).  The idea of foraging, hunting, and scavenging wreckage to thrive-not-survive is cool.  There is good risk/reward, for example you can loot flippers and an airtank to do more robust diving, longer runs and faster swimming.  In the 6 hours I played, I was able to:-Sail around at least 12 different islands, explore 6-8 unique wreckage, avoid sharks and collect loot.-Build a 3-hut home with a spitfire and some other conveniences-Construct a motor-driven raft that is oddly rewarding to pilot, perhaps just because the controls are so good.-Stab a tiger shark 15 times with my spear, only to have it coming back for more.  Do these things die?########################### DEVS - IF YOU ARE READING THIS!  Here's what I'd like to see implemented: ############################-A Few Bigger, more sustainable ""rare"" islands.  This is paramount.  The island hopping is kind of fun for a couple hours but the ultimate goal of any builder is to make an awesome base to thrive, not just survive.  This is one that could collect enough fresh water, grow enough crops (potatoes?  Pineapple?  Mangos?) to eat, perhaps even have a lagoon with a collection of seashells and other oddities.- Environmental effects that affect the character.  e.g. getting ""drenched"" in the rain lowers your temperature, possible hypothermia, lower health etc.  Dry off by a fire or stay under your hut!  Or die.- More flora and fauna.  Both threatening, and domesticatable.  How about wild boar to hunt, or lemurs/rodents to feed and perhaps domesticate?  How about variety of sharks, some incredibly threatening that will have you carrying a just-in-case harpoon gun, others more for hunting/food?  How about more fruit with seeds that can be cultivated?  How about medicinal herbs?-Expand the structures to allow frond-bridges between platofrms, have multi-level huts with firepole slides, etc.  Add the concept of furniture, or at least allow the bed/hammock to go inside.  Currently the hut is just for looks, no function whatsoever.-Since multiplayer would ruin the lonely vibe that is so crucial to the game, having some remnant of human culture would add to the ambiance (like tikis or moari statues).  Maybe it's letters or notes found in the wreckage.  Perhaps a journal that can be collected/reconstructed.  Maybe add an indiginous people that can eventually be contacted, fought, or otherwise encountered.-An eventual path to ""victory"" - or some implementation of an endgame.  Maybe its building a large whale-oil fueled signal fire, maybe its a megaraft with the boatmotor that can hold enough coconuts for a year's food.  They don't have to work 100%, but we all know the human endgame is to get out of Castaway.Lots of fun and I look forward to the continued development."
,Recommended,313120,19152931,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kms,Would be more fun if it had multiplayer
76561198014563351,Recommended,313120,19182514,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sixgun77,"I'm enjoying this so far. I love the setting, and the fact that it's a non zombie survival game."
,Recommended,313120,19260336,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Krados1575,this game i bout with my last money that i will get in 4 months and it was all worth it when i bout this game but can you develepers increace the fps somehow
76561198168533925,Recommended,313120,19305507,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,FinallyBanned,"It's so ♥♥♥♥ing good!, like the grahpics and everything the only thing bad about it are the dev's not updating it much.If this game got alot of updates i reckon it will be a pretty big hit....I played only a little bit but i feel really lonley so there isn't much i could do, but overall this game i would play 500+ hour's if it was co-op and lots of updates."
76561198184575778,Recommended,313120,20237430,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jasi05,Very Good Game for Early Access
76561198142800095,Recommended,313120,22057892,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,if they add co-op much more people will play it
,Recommended,313120,22051174,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bquirrely Brath,It deleted this game on my Library!
,Recommended,313120,19169827,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,"McNutty, Duke of Nothing","THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEW! IF THE GAME IS OFFICIALLY OUT, I WILL REPOST THIS REVIEW WITH A PROPER 'FINAL' VERDICT. I WILL ONLY TALK ABOUT THE GAMEPLAY ITSELF, NOT GLITCHES, BUGS OR ANYTHING OF THE SORT. THANK YOU AND READ ON!...I know what I have to do now. I gotta keep breathing. Because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?  That line from Castaway somewhat helps me explain my thoughts on Stranded Deep. A procedurally generated world filled with numerous islands seperated by miles of ocean, hungry sharks, and duct tape.Like Rust and The Forest, Stranded Deep is about survival. You start on a plane, learn the crafting mechanics, and then your plane crashes into the ocean, leaving you...well, stranded. You now spend your days and nights building shelter, fighting sharks, and finding parts to make an engine...that's about all you can do at this point, unfortunately...The game itself is visually impressive, being as realistic looking as possible, aside from one or two minor issues like the fact that you don't atually have a shadow...You have a wide variety of items to craft in the game to help you survive, giving you options to advance further than you thought you might be able to. The first time I built a raft and found out I could attach a motor to it, I spent hours simply looking for the parts to make it!The number of items in the game is impressive, and since this is an Early Access game, more will hopefully be added to better flesh out the experience. Same goes for the variety of wildlife you come across. And while games like Rust allow you to build massive skyscrapers with ease, I'm glad that in Stranded Deep it requires a lot more work given the difference in resource scarcity. I'm usually not a fan of having no resources, but for some reason I don't mind so much in this game.The game is fun to play, and while my only wish is they add a multiplayer feature, I feel it's moving well into the direction of a wonderful open world survival game.Hey, thanks for reading this review, and please let me know if you liked it! I like doing this sort of this, and want to do more! Also, check out some of my other reviews if you want some new games! Thanks again!"
76561198137623674,Recommended,313120,20281441,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spundloch,"This game needs alot of work, but thats what you get when you play an early access game. The game starts out with you on a plane (or as it shows in the trailers), and the plane unfortunately crashes in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Luckily for you, you find a batch of islands that are small, but can keep you alive from the creatures of the deep blue sea. You get all kinds of resources like rocks, wood, and all kinds of fish to hunt and eat. You find ship-wrecked boats that can have loot in it, including morphine, or other healing items. Eventually, you can build a base. Farther into the game, you realize you need to go deeper into the ocean to find bigger fish to eat. But, of course, there are sharks lurking in the deep ocean. You are able to hunt the sharks once you have the right tools, of course. This was just a small writing of what the game is about, but you get the idea.Stranded Deep is an amazing game. It obviously isn't perfect, especially since it isn't even finished. I would definitely recommend this game, but only if it is on sale. If you want a perfect game and don't want to wait through all of this early access stuff, then just wait until it is fully released. Personally, I rate this game 7/10, but I will probably edit this review when the game is released."
76561198129175079,Recommended,313120,21875940,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Detective Didgeridoo,5/7 would dive to 1v1 sharks and♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
76561198107070270,Recommended,313120,22048224,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dishonored609,My computer is too ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to even launch this game...0/10- Would crash laptop again.But Wait!10/10 Because I know it's a good game.
76561198278072111,Recommended,313120,22481606,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,bar8190,This game crashes while playing.😬😬😬
76561198375533334,Recommended,313120,34092677,Posted: 7 August,all,ModelMonster394,i want my monney back this game dont even work
76561198240569594,Recommended,313120,19202733,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,trevorkicksyourass,i love this game its a great game i play it all the time i love it
76561198207629563,Recommended,313120,20398023,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sebicatana.2003,Good game but they have to add some new stuffs. In my opinion it has potential. Worth a try
76561197980896005,Not Recommended,313120,19117785,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sol,"The concept is good, the game is still lacking.This RPS Review says it allThe article was written in september 2015, and still has truth to it."
,Recommended,313120,14138484,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,קȽɥɱקÿğ¤åț£ȑž,This game seems super cool so far. its pretty good being the beginning stage. hopefully more great things to come1!
76561198112980411,Recommended,313120,14173800,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bnwpics1,"First 5 Pick Up's<ahref=""http://imgur.com/598aiV1""><imgsrc=""http://i.imgur.com/598aiV1.jpg?1""title=""source:imgur.com""/></a>Also, Throwing small rocks on Big Perma Structured rocks, (sometimes they go inside the large rock and you can't find/pick them back up)- Got stuck on a tiger shard and could not move underwater.- While on land - game assumed I was in water and shark was swimming on the beach - inland."
,Recommended,313120,14669926,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TheDodoLord,Day1:i build the basic toolsDay2:I find a sharkDay3:I leave the island to find 4 sharks who tip over my raft and kill me instantlyThis game is epic
,Recommended,313120,14176437,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dirty Man Hole Cover,This game is good already. But it has a lot of bugs which i don't mind since its early access but so far i can tell this game has a lot of potential like adding a multilayer and maybe sneaking on someones island stealing there raft and food so its harder for them to survive. But if i was you i would buy the game now since its so cheap and when time comes you can play the stable build.
,Recommended,313120,14179085,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ryanatorx,"I killed a tiger shark and picked up it's corpse. It accidently flew me into the sun, and when I fell I died. 10/10 would fly a shark again."
,Recommended,313120,14182876,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Griffith,-was going to another island-raft disapeared under me when I was next to 3 great whites-decided to fight them-turns outIi was too scared so I tried to get back to my island-mauled to death along the way10/10
76561198029080434,Recommended,313120,14183807,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CMD,"It is early access, very few bugs. A couple that may seem gamebreaking to some. Once you realize that the swiming is faster than the raft and the sharks are not much of a threat you won't miss your raft. In the first couple of hours I tried to keep track of my ""home island"", found it frustrating. My raft had vanished mid trip, also frustrating. Once I stopped worrying about where ""home"" was, I started enjoying the game more. I just keep heading one direction (have compass), loot island, make bed, eat until full and sleep. Wake up, eat again, explore around the waters of said island. After I search all the wrecks around the island, depending on time and food availability, I move onto the next island.  I feel this is what the game is about, explore, survive and the atmosphere. Absolutely love the water effects!"
,Recommended,313120,14186246,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mr. Ian,Broken for now but so ♥♥♥♥ing nice to play!
76561198026651858,Recommended,313120,14176888,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,UmvevevevevOSAS,Looks promising! I really like it. Great game so far!
76561198049242336,Recommended,313120,14178044,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,MrGreenie,"Game is beautiful and very fun to play.  I like the crafting but it needs to be polished up a bit, perhaps even a survival guide to help.  Looking forward to more craftables.Noticed a few sharks swiming through the sand on an island.  Oh and the rafts need to be reworked."
,Not Recommended,313120,16874330,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,HolyhelmerJr csgobig.com,really 15 euros for this s###
76561197969771482,Not Recommended,313120,15920996,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ten24-Kikn_Chikn,To slow of play. building and crafting are terrible.
76561198121291411,Not Recommended,313120,15932548,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Chamber,at this point in time i dont recommend this game there is not much in it and you could probably build everything within the first hour of playing but this game has strong potential and perhaps in the future it will be worth the price
76561198065692678,Not Recommended,313120,15880772,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dan,This game is the same as any other survival game but in the ocean. You literally take 7 minutes to get from one island to the other and it tends to get boring. There are currently only 18 items you can craft. This game needs some major updates before playing again. This game shouldn't been let out as a early access yet.5/10
76561198075782241,Not Recommended,313120,15972960,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,chunky,sharks are gggggggggggggooooooooooooooooddddddddddddddd
76561198007218822,Not Recommended,313120,15990663,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Barticus,nothing to do but constantly run out of food and drink... very boring
,Not Recommended,313120,15987522,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Phantasemo,"While I enjoyed the early portions of the game the overall sameness of it beats you to the ground, sadly. There is a crafting system implemented like most games that fall into the ""Survival"" category but, it is just far too limited to be worthwhile. Head over to the Wiki for a better idea of what I mean. You'll find it to be adorably finite and while were on the subject would it be so horrible to have one of these type of games come with a complete crafting list in-game? You shouldn't need to be go to a search engine, smart phone, or tablet to find out how to accomplish a basic task. Not talking about a secret or some special feat here.Next up the sharks. I happen to love sharks always have since I was a child and I love the fact that games are staring to make a point to have them where they fit in. However, every time I witness one of these astounding marine creatures it's always met with a sigh. Their always this blood thirsty enemy and are way too damn plentiful. Sharks are predators no one with a pair of brain cells to rub together will argue that however they are animals first and foremost. There are times when they hunt and other times when they're surprisingly docile. I remember seeing a Go Pro video on YouTube of a Hawaiian model diving down and swimming with Great Whites. She would get up close to them, touch them, and even grab onto their dorsal fin to get pulled. Most incredible thing, they didn't even so much as nibble on her! As long as she didn't hurt or threaten them they couldn't cared less if she was there. No developer seems to fully grasp this.When you're in the water and the Tiger Shark makes an appearance it should be terrifying, especially if it's a Sand Tiger. Nope, swim up to it start hitting it and it'll just swim away and by swim I mean it simply moves slightly faster than regular. It seems more annoyed than angry or fearful that your trying to kill it. Not once did one of these Tigers make any concerted effort to so much as injure me if I was striking it. Recently they gained the super power to teleport but, that's another issues entirely. When I came across a Black Tip Reef Shark I was surprised by it's nature. That being that it was the correct one for this animal as both species (White and Black) Reef Sharks are passive towards humans in real life, once again, as long as their not threatened. I can say I was impressed. One last incident before I move on and a joy for you it involves that much feared predator the Great White.I'll set the scene for you, I'm in the middle of the midday Pacific paddling to a nearby island. Halfway there a bump shifts me on the raft. I look around quickly, peering into the ocean in search of what might have caused it only to have my heart leap into my throat. A Great White Shark was circling my insignificant raft attempting to put me into the water! I kept paddling as there was little I could do to repel the beast. I crossed my fingers and prayed for success in my journey to the neighboring spit of land. Another bump vibrated through my raft, I look once more only to see another Great White circling! I persist yet again with my situation growing all the more dire as I proceed. Then again a bump. Though I dread, I look once more to see that the two had become five! And then my immersion was broken. Really? Not only do I have the reverse fortune to be harassed by one Great White but, five of them!? Since when have these creatures become the ""Wolves of the Sea""? When did these typically solitary hunters come together to get a acquire a measly morsel like myself that couldn't so much as sate the appetite of one of them let alone five? Point being fix the animal nature and appearance rate fellas.I brought such mention to the sharks as they're a big part of the experience with each encounter being memorable so point to Beam Team Games on this one. However, after the rudimentary survival, traveling, wreck diving, crafting, and shark fighting you'll find there is very little else to do. There are no objectives or goals to aspire to complete and after a short while your left bored. There is a severe lack of motivation in these style of games to continue playing after an hour or two and that needs to be addressed. I read that such things will be implemented into the game at a later date as well as controller support and co-op which I look forward to but, at the moment it's a bit bare. I get how the developers have organized how they intend to update this game. First the world with it's animals and weather effects then making sure the performance is rock solid. It's just that I wish they did all that before Early Access as I feel would have yielded a better overall experience instead of this rather basic one. Could we also get some ambient music like in the trailer, dependent on where we are and what's taking place. Just to liven up the experience, you know what I mean?I sincerely hope that Beam Team Games put more and more effort into ""Stranded Deep"" as this, with what little it has, does manage to standout from the pack. Even though that may be based more on it's local then anything else. I however cannot in good faith recommend this to anyone outside of the most avid of players of this genre. What it is at the moment is a glorified demo and showcase of what's to come more so than what's already on offer. If your wondering why I glanced over the gameplay is because it's sadly unexceptional, very by the numbers minus the wreck diving that just blurs into it's self given the time. I don't hate this nor do I berate the team behind it. Honestly I wish them the best of luck and hope this game becomes everything they wanted it to be."
76561197994672512,Not Recommended,313120,15924450,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[G1rlG4m3rZ]Julia,"Set on a stranded island...I'd like to explain a bit, i thought this is going to be an awesome game.... well... it's not like the description doesn't tell me. You're stranded........yes, stranded... still... *nervous laughter*............Really i wish i could tell you that it's kind of fun, but at least for me it's not. Everything feels akward.NOTICE: I may rewrite this review when some proper content has been added.EDIT: I reinstalled this game today because i saw that there was something going on with updates, so  i immediatly reinstalled it and tried it again, i stranded again but something changed, the visuals look much better now, and there are different little islands. So i landed on an island and well, guess what, it was empty. The whole piece is just totally counterintuitive, it wouldn't be a problem that your inventory is not on i or whatever. But god damn give me small intro where i learn how to ♥♥♥♥ing play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198032401639,Recommended,313120,14185617,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kızagan,"3 minutes into the game, already lost my knife, 10/10"
76561198196730842,Not Recommended,313120,15946932,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,gg_games,something is going on my game if i left click the game goes all weird you cant really see anythng
76561198151527773,Recommended,313120,21968561,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,✪ BarreB(•◡•),please do multiplayer i will not start playing untill u do that please put multiplayer co-op
76561198042675335,Recommended,313120,22009189,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BrandonSX,"A different style of survival game, there is not zombies or robots or any of that crap just nature and what nature entailes aka sharks. Crafting system take a little bit to get used too but it is well rounded there isnt a option to put this piece of paper and a nail to make a shotgun type deal. Graphics looks great i get a lil lag out on open sea on ultra other then that not a problem would recommend to anyone tired of the drawn out zombie survival games"
76561198101477895,Recommended,313120,22008835,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,mc red,amzing but one prompleom it crash 4 time for me in a day but its a amzing game
76561198006476286,Recommended,313120,21993183,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Cheesepervert,"This game is coming along leaps and bounds, one of the first early access games I havent regretted purchasing.Still being regularly updated and moving forward."
76561198051819021,Recommended,313120,19334037,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Captin Joke,Needs mulitplayer
76561198137626636,Recommended,313120,31230008,Posted: 18 April,all,Dixie Normous,This game made me afraid of irl open waters. Fun survival game
76561198355069849,Recommended,313120,32064379,Posted: 30 May,all,PolS gamdom.com,This is one of the coolest survivals.
,Recommended,313120,19430662,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,snoWMan,NEED CO-OP
76561198116976622,Recommended,313120,21119497,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr. Garry23296,"Killed a shark, then peed my pants when a shark attacked me10/10 would play it again"
76561198238499226,Recommended,313120,19720901,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cole 1498,THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!!....  My favorite ocean game..
76561198145500761,Recommended,313120,20412998,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MrRagingrivers,Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove it
76561198226093964,Recommended,313120,20467751,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,andrenewton11#CGG,It's good not at best since the update makes it so hard with the graphics and is hard play
76561198123166151,Recommended,313120,19724662,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HayzChaos,"an amazing game made by a small team, Stranded Deep is a true gem"
,Recommended,313120,20158530,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cill Bosby,"If this game had multiplayer, it would 10/10. The game is good either way but still an 8"
76561198114036022,Recommended,313120,19720108,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,troy,"Very, Very open world, Arks game mechanics resemble the work of stranded deep. if you like ark, you like stranded deep."
76561198049819329,Recommended,313120,14241679,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,echo1,Losing your bearings on where the hell your island is simulator of 2015.
,Recommended,313120,15994451,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Renster,0/40misleading title thot it ment strangle deepthroat
,Not Recommended,313120,14642297,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,NateDogg,"They've updated it until it became tacked on and horrible.Everything they add never gets fixed. Shark AI is still broken completely, and you'll die from such stupid things. For example, key optimization is garbage no matter what you bind them to, grabbing a cocunut causes you to fly off the tree and die. Never fixed and it's been an issue since 2 years ago.Sharks still aimbot from far away and stack onto eachother until you're swarmed like paranas.Nice graphics. Nice sea-shaky effects. Nice new menu.Hey, did you forget that the actual gameplay is still glitched to♥♥♥♥♥♥since launch?FIX. THE. BUGS.Fix the hundreds of bugs before you add more graphical addons, you actual ♥♥♥♥ing troglodytes.You know your game is absolutely done for when the devs are busy making it look better instead of fixing the broken AI, Controls, Mouse Settings, Localization, Graphical Glitches, AI glitches, death glitches, water glitches, etc. x infinity.Glitches that have been around since launch aren't being patched and the devs are much too interested in adding new water, sand, and stone textures before fixing them. Save 15 dollars and stay far away."
,Recommended,313120,16391760,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AlexG,"Awesome.  If you are a fan of Minecraft you have to buy this game, it is just Minecraft but life like.Rating 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,16889149,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Walmart,"Wont let me refund, waste of 15$"
76561198114697564,Recommended,313120,14190829,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GreenJedda,Crafting in the game: Unheard ofSharks in the sea: Untamed and wildSunken Ships: Deep and mysteriousFood eaten: Crabs and CoconutsGigs downloaded: 1Trees choped: To manyGraphics rating: 10 out of 11 cookiesGame rating: 12 out of 13 banana's.Great game? I think yes.
,Recommended,313120,14192009,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Myf. [Vote YES],Ran out of rocks - decided to raft to closest island. Lost my bearings now I can't find my island. 11 islands so far. Current diet is coconut with a side of coconut.This should be called 'Where Did I Park My Island Simulator 2015'.
,Recommended,313120,14343639,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FanDuckingTastic,"Cooked a crab that was still alive and watched it crawl away. 10/10 would cook again.Okay now for the serious part of this review. Stranded Deep is an amazing game right out the start. Of course it being alpha state there isnt much content but it has so much potential and i see the Devs definitley adding more content soon. I held out on buying the game for awhile but i finally decided to get it and see what the hype was about. all i can say is that im glad i bought it, its a beautiful game and i only see it getting better over time. Definitley get this game and see all the possibilites there are to have and do."
76561198065591699,Recommended,313120,14164528,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,reddead405 (palpameme),"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO_MYX_Oto0it explains everything you need to know ;)all other things aside the game is a little bit easy and theres not much to do, but that comes with the territory of being an early access game. looking at the road map i am very excited for what this game has to offer. one thing i hope there considering adding the ability to build a boat house of sorts where you can use the raft as though it were a foundation seeing as it requires the same amount of material to make. the considering how sparce certain materials are i would consider turning down the requirments for steps in particular. and a bug that is worth mentioning because it makes me terrified to make or use a aft is that they have a tendency to dissapear and reappear followed by disappearing again when you get close... so.... yeah ALWAYS SAVE BEFORE YOU TRAVEL. also this game is beautiful looking. overall it is more then worth 15 dollars in my opinion and it's only getting better. and be super careful because with the way it generates boats there may or may not be a way out of some boats so be careful. im certainly excited for the future and am looking forward to the full release. 10/10 would paddle again"
76561198110752507,Recommended,313120,25611829,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TeFox,HeyThats pretty good.
76561198162116772,Recommended,313120,25326121,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,samuel.curto,really good game and the new update is awesome.
76561198168453126,Recommended,313120,14145554,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Meethew00| Farmskins.com,U can fly trees. No need to be rescued when u can fly.10/10-IGN
76561198216960295,Recommended,313120,18166489,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,sboyle1,yes its really fun but they need to make bigger islands like ones that have monkeys or animals and volcano
76561198140988316,Recommended,313120,18171676,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Frag Boy | trade.tf,"Awesome graphics, great suvival game."
76561198134307744,Recommended,313120,20459542,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SpicyNachoz,they runied this game!
76561198174637710,Recommended,313120,20572516,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Adoring Fan,"Only played it for under an hour,I found a new game to lose my life on."
,Recommended,313120,20629459,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Droncisi,you should add in muiltyplayer but other than that its amazing
76561198029616430,Recommended,313120,25468417,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,robertcostlow,"This game is tons of fun and super in-depth... like, you have to collect sticks, rocks, and plants... turn the plants into lashing, lash the rocks onto a stick and now you have a axe. Use your axe to chop down a palm tree, cut the tree into logs, cut the leaves off, and cut some of the logs down further into sticks. Then, you use all that together to make a shelter half..... and that's just the very beginning!!"
76561198059190344,Recommended,313120,25521807,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LtOlden,Great Fun Game Hours Of Fun I Have Had
76561198335752702,Recommended,313120,26138452,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,landon.williford5,MY GAME IS LAGGY ON WIDOWS 7 DO I NEED WINDOWS 10?
,Not Recommended,313120,26177649,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Blob,SCAM ALERT. I'm glad i refunded this.
,Recommended,313120,26766630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Festive Fox,"When I first bought the game a few months ago (Actually around the beginning of the year) it was actually pretty fun, but now it really kinda sucks. Their ""updates"" have actually seemed to have the opposite of the desired effect and made the game worse. The game has barely changed since I first bought it and the changes that have happened have mostly reduced the enjoyability of the game. It's still quite beautiful but that is the most the game's got going for it after the first hour and a half of playing. Stranded Deep has loads of potential and many different directions that the devs could take that would greatly improve the game. I think I'm done playing it for a while, as many features are lackluster now. BUT, I still have high hopes for this game so I'm definitely going to be waiting it out for each update to roll around.Also a few offhand thoughts:-I haven't been able to find any more of those giant rusty sea fort things, which were actually pretty awesome when introduced.-(Directed towards the devs) Why did you guys get rid of the interactive plane intro??? It was a much better intro to the game than just ""Oh, we're on a plane. Now it's crashing."" Is it purely because you wanted to get rid of the knife and lighter or??-I like to listen to my own music while I play games and the walking sound effects made that very difficult. For some reason the walking sounds have been tied to the master volume instead of the effects volume. Along with that, they're louder than any other sound effect in the game and since they're tied to the master volume I can't turn them down without also turning down everything else and I would really like to still be able to hear the ocean behind my music-Lastly, the player shadow is super derpy. I'll say that it's not too much of an issue as I've gotten some decent laughs out of it, but the two biggest things are that it looks like you're a weeaboo who is about to do that anime sprint down the convention hall (your character has their hands/arms really far behind their back and spread far away from the torso), and when you drink Coconuts your character's shadow inserts said Coconuts into their chest instead of holding them up to their face.I you want the game and/or are interested in it I would say to put it in your wishlist and wait until it goes on sale because in its current state it's definitely not worth the full $15USD (it was when i got it, but as I said the quality has seemingly declined). The devs announced to have it complete in 2015 and here we are only a month and a few days from 2017 and it's barely changed.At one point I actually refunded the game because the updates had gotten so bad, but as seen now I have repurchased it and I'm hoping that that's not a mistake.Surprisingly enough I still recommend the game. When played in very small portions every once in a while (every few weeks or so) it's still a fun game and I'm really putting a lot of faith into the Devs to make the game better. Please don't let me down by 2018, if you do, my review won't be nearly as forgiving as this one."
76561198065734592,Not Recommended,313120,28878271,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BREAKFAST SAUSAGE,Theres not a lot to do so it gets boring fast. it could use some multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,313120,34408373,Posted: 21 August,all,♛ ayyelmao420,TRASH
,Recommended,313120,19843413,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fox,kinda good actualy but it needs more stuff to be interesting
76561198023950143,Recommended,313120,19886790,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DailyTvGamer,"This game is very fun to play. Love the graphics of the game and it almost feels real when you on the sea or a shark attacks you. Would be nice to see some whales and dolphins in the sea.  More food would be nice like banana trees, pineapple's, and all sorts of tropical fruits.  Would be nice if you can make a fishing rod to fish and some Rum for drinking like a pirate.The only problem i have is the last update. The game hangs when you play a few minutes or the screen is just blue (some times) when you start the game and no menu  shows . After all the game is very fun to play and it would be nice if there is like a 4 player Co-op where you all try to survive."
,Recommended,313120,20075213,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RobVSGaming | emerald.gg,Stranded Deep is a great survival game and very realistic. However you have no clear guide and will spend most of you're time on the wikis. Not only this but multiplayer support is stil not here. Overall a great game very realistic and we'll thought out but the a little more guidance and multiplayer support wouldn't hurt.
,Recommended,313120,20398897,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Female Snail,"To be honest, I really wish developers would stop releasing early acces and/or unfinished games. It's really unprofessional, and quite the stain in the gaming world in my opinion. A lot of early access games are sold only for the game to flop or the updates coming in so slowly but to no avail because they already got their money and have no ambition to better the game. And if they finally do finish the game, the hype is gone and it's pointless that it is now finished.All that aside....I really really like the idea of this game. I really wish they would have held off when this was way more complete. This game has SOOOOO much potential.Things that I wish they would fix:-Making the buckets more competent when trying to fill them with water.-Making pretty much all items more competent when trying to use them really.-Trying to climb things and/or go down things is crap. They should really make it so that if you climb a tree or a ladder, you won't fall out of it unless you JUMP off. It's also hard a lot of times to line up onto stairs to be able to climb. Just the whole climbing thing is botched.-Maybe add some extra controls while you are swimming to ascend and descend, rather than having to aim where you want to go in a lateral sense.-Hurry up with multiplayer. I am waiting.-Make sharks more randomized. I heard they used to all be pretty docile. Now I hear they are all aggressive, which is also what I experienced. Maybe have the sharks be docile or aggressive at random times with random sharks so it's more realistic.-Make it easier and more fluid to pick up objects. If I'm just trying to pick up a rock sitting there all by itself I don't want to tediously nail the crosshairs on what I'm trying to pick up. Obviously this is more useful when things are in a larger pile to narrow down what you are trying to select. But yeah. That should be tweaked.-Eating is too unrealistic in this game. If you are stranded on an island you are not going to sit there for 3 hours cooking and eating 4-5 crabs. To make it more realistic, you are hungry, your stomach has probably shrunken and you fill up on ONE crab and hope for the next one. It's just too time consuming and tedious really to wake up then have to go out and cook so much food for there to be little time to explore after you fill up.-The sunken ships are supposed to be marked with some weird splash on top of the water. I find them super hard to see, almost impossible really. Maybe make them more visible?-Maybe a simple paper map that you can find somewhere?-What's up with the binoculars that don't work?-Why is the sun not rising in the East?-Controller Support?-Make it so that the achievements work.-The more that I play, I actually think that the splashes that are supposed to mark shipwrecks are just gone. I haven't seen one for days now.-Should add multiple save slots.-Make Map Editor better. It's not very user friendly/ instinctive and not very instructive as to what does what and how to do it. Also it needs an undo button that you can undo MANY times. Working the camera with the right click mouse and trying to navitgate with WASD like that is so restricting and complicated.-Fish traps should  be able to have a rope and some sort of buoy.-Bleeding in the water should have slight increased chances to attract sharks.-Rain should maybe decrease the time that your fire is on a little bit.-Adding tides would be cool.-And for that matter, why is it always a full moon?-With the tides, you should make it so that your raft can be sucked out into the ocean if you don't pull it on land far enough. Or when the raft is sitting idle in the water it will drift away slowly.-And then you can add anchors into the game maybe as a lootable item.-Also if there is a tide, it will put out a fire if it is too close to the water.Hmmm..I think these are all of my thoughts on it as of now. Still new to it and I want to see this game become complete in a timely manner.4 months later UPDATE: The prophecy has come true. Got bored of the game after a stint of 3 weeks or so of playing. Haven't touched it since. That's why you guys should stop releasing games before they are done. Magic is gone. You guys are still working. Game is not done. Fan base is depleating. GG"
76561198135501817,Recommended,313120,20650780,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,kosya,my game crashed n my windows7
,Recommended,313120,23842381,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sheen,I had this game. I'm scared of sharks. I still played the game. God I'm still so scared of sharks.
76561198178415410,Recommended,313120,24811495,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GREEN ALIAS,really like this game so far. look forward to playing some morewould love it more if it had controller suport !!   please !
,Recommended,313120,24942690,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Redbulek,Amazing game!
76561198284520787,Recommended,313120,25513336,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jackcampbell7480,"Every time i open the game it goes into a spinning colour wheel and when i go to check on the game it says ""Not responding"" so i havent been able to play it because it wont work."
,Recommended,313120,25731532,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Joseph Stallen,"This game is a great survival game. It is actually difficult. You don't know a lot at first, but you learn the ropes and become good. I myself still suck but lots of people are really really good at this."
,Recommended,313120,18178504,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MafiaPauli3,Pretty good game. Wish there was a map though. u can get one from mods.
76561198099622815,Recommended,313120,19861600,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,"Mittens, Destroyer of Worlds","After a decent learning curve, I can honestly say I enjoy the hell out of this game already. I look forward to seeing the game progress as it updates and trying to go two days without vomiting or injuring myself doing simple tasks!"
76561198245676446,Recommended,313120,19971572,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lightingboltzz,"It dosen't work on my computer and I can't get a refund!! Come on I know its a great game, but it just dosen't work!!! D:"
76561198262738493,Recommended,313120,19978488,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,asrow,https://youtu.be/J6_a4bdaRGU
76561198273491584,Recommended,313120,20221384,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,VansXEGaming,how come they dont have the normal stuff like: stands to put a roof on and many many more.its getting boring just add it and where is the tutorial or campain
,Recommended,313120,20458770,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Logando,"This game is a really good idea.  stranded on an island with nothing but a raft, a paddle and a few tools.  But if your computer isnt made for gaming or is not very fast this game will not run over 20 fps.  i would not recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have a fast computer, but if your computer is pretty fast then i would definitely recommend this game to you.if you like survival and realism and customizing maps then this is the game for you."
76561197998069765,Recommended,313120,24931921,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PacifierOfDoom,"Disclaimer: This review will represent my personal experience I made with this ""Cast Away-Simulator"" in a short term.. version..Whatever, pls excuse the grammar.What impact this game had on me (in the right order):- Increased fear of crashing with a plane into the ocean- Increased love for yellow life rafts- Decreased feeling of needing a vacation on a boat- Increased Nausea, aswell as fear from deep waters- Increased vulnerability to the noise of a plastic-paddle, dunking into water (several hundred times)- Increased thirstyness (dunno if thats even a word, but I'm dehidrated)- Increased fear of music suddenly starting to play..SHARKS!! WTH.. DON'T SCREW WITH MY RAFT, THERE'S F*""%ING NO ISLAND NEAR..!! OK, don't panic, they do not seem hostile atm...One Shark ""touches"" the raft. The kind of touch that transforms the passenger into a projectile, performing a somewhat perfect arc. And yes, there was a short instant where I thought: ""Wheee.. I can fly!"" And yes, after this moment of excitement, the ""landing-near-a-shark""-idea took me back to where I realy was: between the sharks theeth..- Decreased belief in the appropriate name for ""life"" raft- Increased respect for the developers, making this game feel so awesome/frightening real!- Decreased fear of death (like the normal way people die in real life f.e: falling down stairs, getting struck by a car while chasing a pikachu, drowning in a liquor-bucket, etc.)"
,Recommended,313120,28852229,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cpu3m,This game is tons of fun
,Recommended,313120,28892680,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Locco,"All in all I think most people will enjoy it if you enjoy survival and if you enjoy crafting.There are lots of things the dev's could do better or differently, but the small team has stayed pretty involved with the game although they move at a relatively slow pace.I think the finished product, which should hopefully include co-op, will be a fun survival experience."
,Recommended,313120,18166016,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Travis Apex,"I love the graphics,but its one of those games you have to be in the mood for. Also,for some reason, you don't/can't get any acievements in this game. 7/10 would play again"
76561198055996772,Recommended,313120,19812195,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Big Panda,Needs a little more work but it is going in a great direction since the last update!
76561198110993919,Recommended,313120,19864312,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TORY TORTELLINI,10/10 would get killed by sharks again
,Recommended,313120,19872140,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,splashclaw,very fun but they should add a co-op mode cuz me and my friend want to play it with each other
,Recommended,313120,20436706,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tsim Fuckis,"This game has a lot of suspence, but is a verry fun game. Love it!!"
,Recommended,313120,24799334,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dead_ski6963,i think the game is great
76561198072955727,Recommended,313120,24922682,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,II_ReTaiNeD_II,This game made me grow a pair just so that I can fetch some stone on a different island. Great game for a great price.
,Recommended,313120,25860028,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mead Champion,"The greatest idea ever. I've always wanted to play such a game since I'm a big fan of Cast Away, remote islands and oceans.I hope the developers will not add multiplayer, because it would ruin the main concept of the game and its atmosphere. Man vs Nature in the Pacific. Alone.I'm enjoying the game, although the gameplay is a bit monotonous. I would like to see more usable objects and bigger islands to explore here, because the initial islands are too tiny and quite empty."
76561198180982843,Recommended,313120,25976783,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Redrussian86,This game is fun but it wares you out after a while it's fun to dive and explore the crafting is a bit jankie can't wait for it to be actually finished buy it have fun and wait until updates come out
,Recommended,313120,26019590,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,FiredPhoenix,"This is a great game. It has awesome physics, pretty graphics, and fun game play.  This game is overall great, however i saw something that i REALLY don't like. in order to save your game, you have to make a bed or shelter, which may i add is very very tedious and annoying. plus, isnt the whole point of the game to explore? because the whole bed saving thing is pretty much making me stay at one island to i dont have to re make a bed because again its annoying and you cant bring your bed in your backpack. so overall i love this game and i really recommend it, but you need to be aware of the saving problem because of what i just said. in the 2015 build you could save wherever. so if you are a developer of Stranded Deep, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE CHANGE THE SAVING BACK!!!!"
76561198264081615,Recommended,313120,26155060,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,JoeBrendz,reminds me of bird man
76561198205446392,Recommended,313120,20594630,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dolphin6509,it is relly good but it is hard to get to stuff and helth and food and whater go down so fast
76561198070036396,Recommended,313120,20627983,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,xXDXDXDXx,please make this game so you can use a xbox controller
76561198170077406,Recommended,313120,20796334,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Cyanidecide,"This may be an issue with my graphics card, but even on laptop graphics it is extremely laggy. Maybe update it so even non-gaming PC's can run it?"
,Recommended,313120,20835056,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Laban,5/10 Its an ok game though it lacks a lot of content. after like the first 15 min it starts to get very borring. it only takes like 25 min to make a House. but i still think this game have some potential
76561198092527554,Recommended,313120,24930487,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[ToG] STHyper,"This game is one of the best survival games i've played. However there is only a few hours of content at best at the moment , although you cant really lose intrest in the game as you could just build a really large house on your island or just make a new save and see what kind of start you get. On another note the developers are very active at updating the game and most updates will add new content aswell as any bug fixes that arise, these updates are quite often. This game is optimised well, runs smoothly and looks great. Overall if you dont mind not having a huge amount of content then this game is for you,especially if you are a fan of castaway/survival style games."
,Recommended,313120,25964646,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,KingDoogan,Needs multiplayer <3
76561198315653667,Recommended,313120,26006636,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,1421maureen,really enjoyed the game i like building dwellings ext
76561198275453702,Recommended,313120,26060284,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Seamoth Boss,Amazing game overall (yet you can still fly on dead sharks) Small kinks here and there but still amazing
,Recommended,313120,27528327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[HUN]ColemanV,"Though still in development, every time I decide to play this game, I've got the feeling like this really is the ultimate survivor simulator, where we ain't got no aliens, cannibal tribes, monsters, we don't rely on super weapons and futuristic survival gear.This game is just you against the world.I've never thought of it before much how many times I actually drink water a day, how many food I consume and how much I'd be dead if I'd had to survive without tools and how much I relay on technology.This game made me keenly aware of such things and the unforgiving nature of managing your survival, paired with the portrayal of the breathtaking sceneries of mother nature makes it fun to play while keeping things challenging.It's already one of my favorite games, but it'll be even better with steady development, so I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,313120,28929862,Posted: 1 January,all,Ahmed Mohammed,bruh i like to pretend like im tom hanks from castaway and its pretty raw
76561198166469823,Recommended,313120,18173603,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,icejoker579,its a great game i totally recommend getting it.Make sure you have the wikia page open cause theres some suprises ingame!
76561198175337213,Recommended,313120,18287976,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,fitzeina,"I think it would be a good game, but it crashes my computer."
76561198129294602,Recommended,313120,19721374,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,riosanchez56,Awesome
76561198048278306,Not Recommended,313120,19733952,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MaximuM,"The new update ruined the game for me completely. I was able to run it before and enjoyed it. Now I can't even run the settings on low and the atmosphere is gone. I wouldn't recommend the game anymore. It's a shame the developpers did this.EDIT: I am not talking about ""unstable graphics"" because of the early acces game, I am talking about the major graphics overhaul in the last update that gave low-end computers trouble running the game."
76561198123348903,Recommended,313120,19739764,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,❄FPC❄ ☭✠FRESH✠☭,LOVE THIS GAME but my conputer cant handle this game in allits glory with its new update but its the best inprovment ever LOVE THIS GAME SO SO SO SO MUCH
,Recommended,313120,19800383,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Aaron♛,nagyon lecsó! :D
76561198028989010,Recommended,313120,19812318,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,FireStillPlayz,"An amazing game! The game takes the survival genre to the next level, almost making it feel real! Thanks to all the guys working on the game. Keep it up!!! Btw say thanks to generikb for playing the game. He actually lead me to find it."
76561198229492120,Recommended,313120,19816771,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,mikeangel1975,laggy at some points but very very fun
76561198269232878,Recommended,313120,19831175,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,EXPERTDJ999,When i first got on this game it was really lagging. I fixed the lag and played it alittle. Then i had it for about 2ish days and now it says Error: cannot connect to steam. So leave that in mind
,Recommended,313120,19834374,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,cough sneeze,Great Game But please add mulitplayer that would be the best
,Recommended,313120,20250648,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DeviousFrEaK,"Sea sickness, loneliness, and overwhelming fear of the water. 10/10 would waterworld again."
76561198176179623,Recommended,313120,20310780,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Newt,Its okay. Id reccomend a co-op mode and a better chance on finding a shipwreck.
76561198231210144,Recommended,313120,20593712,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,lou.hayhurst,"This game started out amazing looking like a ground breaking game.  The focus seemed to be on survival and realism.  Now the focus seems to be on building liitle triangle shaped pieces for your house.  What!!  Thanks for working on this useless and weird building element that took 8 months.  Not the sound of thunder of a flash of lightning.  Not the addition of more realism like new animals, or maybe different types of clouds.  No...we get to craft weird triangles that don't even serve any purpose.  Yaaaaay!  Oooooh, in another eight months can we get rectangles.  How about baloons or kittens.  Both make as much sence as this waste of programming.  Please give us the origional game back and just keep a few things.  The new ocean is cool. The map editor would be cool if it worked.  There are no crabs or cocunuts and the graphics are screwed but hey, who cares...we can now build stupid triangle shapes and there is a UFO!  What are you people doing?  I would recomend the origional version of this game.  Ever since your first update it has gone downhill.  It's like if you took the very first GTA game and took driving away after you got eveerybodys money.  I'm embarassed for BEAM's team allthough I'm beginning to think maybe you are just one guy if it takes 8 months to break a frikkin game.  Maybe you need to stop having mom bring you red bulls and hot pockets down to the BEAM basement, hire a few creative people, and make us the survivor game you started to make."
76561198140497859,Recommended,313120,20646871,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,bigC45,It is an amazing game espically if like survival games.
76561198087654319,Recommended,313120,20674006,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dark Wolf,"I don't get it... when I was watching trailer for this game I saw a plane crush in the begging, and as a survivor you got a lot of stuff to do...  i bought the game, and when I started to play it,there was no plane crush scene in the beginning and you can't chop down palm trees or combining stuff.... can somebody explain to me how is this possible...  even for the early access, that is strange to me :/"
,Recommended,313120,20702712,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Cthulhu,I got crabs.
76561198133342997,Recommended,313120,20723121,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,I'maKickYoAss(dod),Amazing. Love the new updates with map editor and more customizable worlds.
76561198079652326,Recommended,313120,20788786,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tomino,Best game :)
76561198209414288,Recommended,313120,20817596,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,amelia,When will it be multiplayer?
,Recommended,313120,24823843,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,P3NuT,tom hanks simulator :D
76561198323525303,Recommended,313120,24943439,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,sourpatchkid19860728,"Ever since the update, I haven't been able to access the game; it just stays on the loading screen! Other than this hiccup, I've really enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,313120,25718089,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Thicc Loli Thighs,Starnded deep is a very good game for survival fans and it has some good realism and is built well its just missing one thing that would make it 10/10 and that is multipayer
76561197999190863,Recommended,313120,26870610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blackeagle,Stranded deep is a good early access because the inventory is big but a little to big.
76561198244911656,Recommended,313120,28571679,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,cgenna,SOO IM having a thing where menu gone and i cant move at all
,Recommended,313120,28833544,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spinorexboy,one of a kind hard and scary all makes fun
76561198132901267,Recommended,313120,28884762,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☭Stalin☭,"Good game, however there are many games like this one. I play a bit more subnautica than this game..."
76561198150910590,Recommended,313120,28962934,Posted: 2 January,all,Gladius,ahhh i very like this game.. you must try this game
76561198224870944,Recommended,313120,28972048,Posted: 3 January,all,itssJosh,Superb game love the graphics and detail and I would give this a 9/10 just need to do more updates ;-)
,Not Recommended,313120,29000509,Posted: 4 January,all,K . U . R . T,"This game is simulating how it would be like to actually be stranded in the Ocean with small islands to survive off of.Stay on your Island and eat coconuts forever, or venture out craft a raft and explore other islands.While sailing out you spot a shark fin, it breaks your raft and now you are stuck in the water with an aPEX predator ready to devour your innards.It bites you, your start losing blood, it attracts his buddies, and they all go around biting you and tearing you to shreds.Nothing is left but pieces of your clothing.But in all seriousness, this game has a lot on it's plate and at first, buying it a while ago, it was kind of fun, but it's missing a lot since the 2 years of it's release.Just go get Subnautica instead, better game, better exploration and survival gameplay. More immersive than this."
76561197995963282,Recommended,313120,34556642,Posted: 28 August,all,Dzznuts,Great game one way to kill time  . I would love to see some mp  or even some tribes  does get kinda boring killing snakes and sharks  .We can be the only ones floating around on a raft someone had to see the pane go down
76561198066896546,Recommended,313120,25371704,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Scrapee,Fun game but I would wait for multiplayer to come out as it gets boring by yourself.
,Recommended,313120,25850170,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Fuhrer_Piggi,dis game isya awesome! robbaz plays it and i watched his vid...he built a house with doors
76561197998808383,Recommended,313120,26041833,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Steve Buscemi,"Amazing Concept and execution now with the recent updates to reduce crashing. The crafting system is intermediate in its complexity and there is room for more designs and items definitely.Things I would love to see implemented are bigger and better upgrades to the craftable rafts. You can make it as long and wide as you want if you have the materials. One thing i encountered that was difficult was that you cannot move barrels or tires. I had to sail my ship tot he materials location with wood and lashings in order to further expand it.Another thing I tried was the use of more than one sail to make the relative power of the boat go up to make up for the sheer weigh and size that my raft has become. I believe it is five long and has two additionally on the side and it makes the drag IMMENSE when turning to that side.I'll give my two cents and then i will add some suggestions and comment on what i would like to see in future updates and development.I have a relatively low powered laptop and on the most basic settings it runs pretty smoothly near 25-30 FPS.I'm not really here for the graphics I'm here for the ideology and immersion aspect of the game, and it does it well.The compass in my game does not read the correct direction, i have drawn out and mapped the islands on paper and when seeing the setting sun it was not in the west, it was in the north. Weird.I have only seen one shark and it was in shallow water near a ship wreck, no problems with them thus far.I bought this for 15$ and I would make that decision again, very worth it for that price seeing as minecraft is pretty much the same price.....and you get more out of the survival aspect here.What I would LOVE to see is if you put three, five, and ten sails on an appropriately sized  boat that you can create a Small Ship Sail, Medium Ship Sail, and Large Ship Sail, all requiring more materials, but it gives a HUGE speed boost tot he size of your ship, and you can then add things like water filtration systems and shelters ON YOUR BOAT.I mean cmon, Waterworld, Kevin Costner, this has so much potential to be an awesome way to customize your raft into a boat, assuming you survive that long. People could record their speed in knots and have a leader board for Largest/Fastest boat. Just you vs. the ocean.Being able to travel between islands without having the feeling of having to return home for water and food all the time would be an advanced achievement in the game if you survive long enough, probably past the 15-20 day mark, seeing as i have survived 13 at this point, and I have 5-6 spare tarps, 3 water stills and a massive raft.So far I give this game an 8/10 because some things are still unresponsive and not as streamlined to be user friendly while in game, like not being able to take a bucket off of your fire spit, UNLESS the fire pit has been fully restocked with wood, super annoying. I also really want more depth to the game for advanced builds, less fort like and more raft upgradable, one of the ""alternative wins"" tot his game could be sailing back to the mainland or a populated island center, which would make the hull upgrades and sail upgrades and water filtration, planted food and what not make a lot more sense. THEN, the ultimate question would be come, ""Am I really ready to say good bye to my island home, and go all or nothing and navigate open ocean to get back home?"" Epic. I can feel it in my bones.I mean, if we are going for the Castaway thing and all, I see a glorious future for this game. Climb aboard for a wild survival experience."
,Recommended,313120,26797901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HaloGAMER0329,"I have come back to find that their are now animals on the islands, the islands are actually a decent size now and an interesting map creation with seeds etc.The game looked like it was going into the dumps at one point but I really like what they are doing with it"
76561198289494041,Recommended,313120,28270778,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SakulV,if i delete games i payd for will they be gone forever
,Not Recommended,313120,28610443,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,johnnyBK,"This game is alright, there a few bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking. The real diappointment is you experience all the game has to offer in one hour. Once you leave your original island you find out that the time you spend paddling to another island is just a waste, the other islands are basically the same as your starting island with little or no variation. As soon as I was done building the basic necessities it just felt like everything after that is pointless, and there's really no end game or no goal. I get it that survival games don't have an ""end game"", but at least have something that your players can strive to accomplish. Being able to make crappy little bases (that provide really no purpose) is just not enough motivation to keep playing the game. .Worth $9.99? I mean 10 bucks isn't that much money but I still feel like it wasn't worth it at all, not because the game was bad, but theres just so little content. They should just shrink the game to one island and make survival time-based and with leaderboards so people can compete for times. Idk, that's probably a bad idea too but the game is just SO BORING compared to other survival games.I've played a ton of survival games, and trust me, if you only have $10 to spend and want something nautical-themed, for the love of video games, pick up Subnautica instead."
,Recommended,313120,28630866,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pixelPantsu,My name is Bob and I like this Game.
76561198027466041,Recommended,313120,28681007,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Swampylaban,"This game is not only beautiful in terms of graphics but also in the way that everything works. It has quite a lot of content even now in early access and is a really well optimised game with very few crashes. It´s both fun, scary when you hear the shark music when you are sailing in your little raft, relaxing, stressing when you really need water and just a really solid survival experience.If you are uncertain if you should buy it then just do it because you will love it to bits.At the time of this review there is a few bugs here and there like coconuts pinging off in to space if you drop many fast or when you cut down trees the wood sticks might fly off in every direction. Some of the fish swims on top of the water in a few places. That´s the only bugs atm i am experiencing."
76561198134674219,Recommended,313120,28855353,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GREENBOY,This game is really cool but I have a mac so somethings have a small flaw like skining crabs but everything else is perfectly fine. Overall great great game to play.Really fun
,Recommended,313120,19719055,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[HG] StrawBerry,good game
76561198251163190,Recommended,313120,19720822,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,(OGBI) ExtraChubbyTeleTubby,it is really lagy for me like a lot but i mean with good FPS its a good game
76561198220236123,Recommended,313120,19825702,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Butterhead70,The new update...On the new update you cant play... If you can play still contact me and tell me howbutterhead70@gmail.comBut it is alot of fun... Or WAS alot of fun.........................................
,Recommended,313120,20240681,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Smugman123,"Good game but too many sharks, wayy to many sharks. Great concept and i think they should add multiplayer or co op so you can survive with friends and they should add dolphins and stuff and much less sharks. Ontop of that the islands should be closer together."
76561198205388708,Recommended,313120,20386962,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,H3 MAN,can you help me the game wont work every time i go to start the game it just freezes just wanting to know whats up cause it wont genorate the world it just sits there loading ive played it on my friends computer and thought it was a great game but i cant figure out why mine wont work
,Recommended,313120,20689704,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GFX,"I have a gtx 750ti and it really doesnt want to run over 30fps at any reasonable settings, i have a 4ghz quad core as well so its not my cpu. Well maybe ill try it with a gtx 960 4gb and see what happens. Either way its a great game. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,313120,20737004,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Tresla,Pretty good game.Beautiful environment.Keeps evolving regularly.nuff said...get it nao
76561198120393492,Recommended,313120,24784943,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,RUNE,"I Would Describe Stranded Deep as a hardcore, realistic and insanely hard survival game. The core mechanics of the game shock me everytime i play. Since getting on day of release- Being, buggy, glitch filled, not being able to save- TO being Beautifully optimized, amazing graphics, feeling like you are actuallly deserted on a island and Wildlife!The game as it stands, in my opinion is better then any leading survival game EG, RUST, The Forest (GREAT GAME BTW) .The game has an in depth crafting system and nice and simple base building. I think the game takes a completely different approach on the Survival genre, you wont have a glorious 5 room mansion, you will have a wooden hut, with 1 room, 4x4 and a fire, even a bed if you are lucky!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733327595this is my ""base"" after 2 hours of gathering for supplies, cutting down trees, chopping each log up, ripping the palm leaves off, and gathering rope (which is extremely boring, But its a hardcore game =D)this game may not be everyones cup of tea, if you like realistic and hardcore survival games, this is right up your alley! feel free to messaged me questions about the game :)"
76561198169932541,Recommended,313120,24826195,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Candeo,"I do like this game, really realistic. However, I really miss the tutorial at the beginning in the aeroplane. I had a break from this game for a long time and when I came back, it had really changed. Miss the old version...Apart from that though, it's really good :D"
,Recommended,313120,24903324,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,kylo ren,they should add when you chuck spears they die over timeand they should add mods
,Recommended,313120,24938463,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[SSC] Iz_Da_Bait [MGV_StixX],"I LOVE The Game, But I'm having a problem. Whenever I Seem To Change A Visual Setting And Go Back To Play, It Seems All The Sand Turns Invisible And I'm Standing Ontop Of A Void, However, It Fixes When I Leave My World And Return Back To It. Do You Have Any Suggestions On How This May Have Happened?My System Is A Default Acer Aspire E 15 with a i5-5200U NVIDIA Geforce 940m with 4gb dedicated VRAM with 8gb DDR3 L Memory + a 1TB HDD"
76561198092468737,Recommended,313120,25056339,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,GrantC,"ok I installed the game and everytime I open it and  it either crashes, freezes, or gives me an error message ""could not establish connection to steam make sue you are using the account you baught the game with. Which I did use the right account, what ever I do stranded deep wont open for me. The game is pretty great alough I just wish I could Acutaly play it someone help me."
,Recommended,313120,14683711,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ExTREMEJEFF HARDY,this game is awesome. i found a whale that it really rare
76561198267821342,Recommended,313120,19681836,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,willbinion0326,My game isn't working like it will come on but it starts to play then it freezes. i still recommend this game tho.
76561198115542655,Recommended,313120,19716437,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK!,"I can't do a proper review due to lag from my pc being slow, but i can say a few things. The game is really nice by itself the mechanics are good, the amount of items to get in the game is vast, but i can say that the crafting, the base building and the A.I. for sharks is good by doing things sharks in real life would do."
76561198207850180,Recommended,313120,24648772,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sociallyawkwardfox96,i dropped my machete in the water :(
76561198275108887,Recommended,313120,23684632,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,KoRsAk,не кусают акулы
76561198156020201,Recommended,313120,19664335,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[ESaK] Reviews,how do you get the intro started
,Recommended,313120,14171564,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Boxed Water,Yes I know i have only played 3 hours. But for those 3 hours i never see myself doing anything the same. This game is still in ALPHA Stage but is extreamly developed. It does have some bugs like the dissapearing Raft etc. but besides that the game is amzing.Tthe Graphics are beautiful and it gives a much more different feel from everything else that has been being released recently. It is you vs Nature. Not You vs Zombies and Cannabulls (<------ i cant spell). But All in All Worth Every penny.
,Recommended,313120,14181824,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Triggered azblurbit,"This is an EXCELLENT game. It looks beautiful. It doesn't quite play as beautiful as I'd like.A) Still needs a bit of optimization.B) The replayability is minimal. Hopefull since it's still in 0.01 they'll be adding more things.C) Shark AI is strangeD) Not enough creaturesE)  Not enough things to makeF) You're able to find Wilson (Wollie)G) You can't be rescuedH) There isn't any variety in the islands and all of them are tiny.Like I said it's still super early into early access. It's got incredible ammounts of potential, and based upon what I've seen, the makers will definitely live up to their potential."
76561198130426177,Recommended,313120,14172080,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,carrm2006,not bad at all   i hope they work on updates fast
76561198093297965,Recommended,313120,14183613,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Eldrich Abomination,If they could make the perfect fusion between far cry 3 and the forest this game would be one of the best.﻿ Still quite fun for an alpha and has great potential.
,Recommended,313120,14184330,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Weird Uncle Weeze,"Stranded Deep is yet another survival based game that has been released in Early Access. While there are many more survival games out there, something about Stranded Deep sets it aside from all the others I have played (Minecraft, DayZ Standalone, DayZ Mod, Rust Classic, Updated Rust, and H1Z1). There is an element of actual survival, immersion and beauty to this game that the games I mentioned prior simply do not have. So far, Stranded Deep is the only game where I actually felt like I was surviving.Stranded Deep creates this immersive survival experience by taking away the UI based crafting method and instead forces you to actually look at the materials you are crafting in real time. If you want to make a stone axe then throw some sticks, twine and rocks on the ground and make it. Don't drag and drop icons, drag the actual object on the actual ground damnit!As I mentioned before, the game is pretty gorgeous, though to be fair it isn't hard to turn a tropical island surrounded by ocean water into something beautiful during a sunset.The gameplay is immersive. You can craft a hut, a fire pit some tools and a spear and go kill a shark, or row endlessly from island to island trying to survive off the land, scavenging ship wrecks as you go.The problem is that there isn't much else to the game. You craft, you scavenge, you cut down a palm tree and kill 20 sharks, and you've done it all. It took me about 4 hours.Now here is what I am going to say about this game. The potential is massive. The fact that it isn't multiplayer is a positive, besides multiplayer mode can always be introduced later on (which also has some interesting potential) but the lack of multiplayer at this stage is currently what makes the games a short run. There is no direct reward for your hours spent crafting and gathering. If you were genuinely stranded (deep) finding an actual axe would be the best thing ever. Not so much in a videogame though.Given how much I enjoyed this game, I'll reccommend it with the hopes that the game continues to grow. Hopefully I don't regret it."
76561198105347005,Recommended,313120,21549436,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,alexbuzaladze,Does the game end?
76561198271141720,Not Recommended,313120,30219949,Posted: 27 February,all,McGurkin,"Had this game a long time and I love it, BUT! After an update around xmas it dosnt work anymore. Tried all faq problem solving but nothing works. Contacted both Steam and Beam. No response what so ever. I would love to play this more but why should I have to pay for it AGAIN?????"
76561198119790755,Recommended,313120,30806545,Posted: 28 March,all,Alexandria Supertramp,"I am liking the game so far after just a bit of playing but I do have one huge complaint out of the starting gate.  About the easiest thing in the world to do in real life is get a bucket of water and put it on a fire, yet after several failed attempts at doing so in game I am getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.   I had an easier time rowing a boat to a new island then putting a simple bucket on a fire.I have a feeling I will encounter a few more oddities like this one but overall, love the game.   As long as I can find coconuts screw the bucket.  I'm done with it!I think one should be able to hold breath a little bit longer but fun game so far and I do recommend it!"
76561198113216791,Recommended,313120,15059104,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,dodsonkyle2002,"An ""Ok"" Game Apart From The Fact The Resources Are A Little Too Scarce On The Islands,You Also Need A Powerful Computer Otherwise The Game Looks Like ""Minecraft"" All Blocky Its Very ""Processor"" HeavyRate this Game: - 8/10"
76561198042171874,Recommended,313120,14200547,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,habs,"It's a beautiful game, i can't wait until more stuff is added. The graphics are really nice, and so is the crafting system. It has a few bugs, but i'm sure the devs will take care of it.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,313120,14195269,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,alexenergy,11/10 Would Paddle Again
76561197992111307,Recommended,313120,20064280,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sticky,"So far I like the game.But it gets boring quick... Its on its way to being an amazing game I would say but It needs more stuff to do than just spear some fish and build basic buildings. I want to be able to build boats, mess with mechanics, make stews and culinary items and incounter some real wild life like snakes, butterflies, iquanas and birds.I lived on a cluster of islands in my real life off the coast of Honduras which had similar conditions to this when I was scuba diving and I am concerned with some of the inconcistancies of the natural behaviors of the wildlife. Lionfish dont get that big and they CAN be spear fished quite easily without getting poisned, infact once the fish is dead its very difficult to contract the venom from the singers. Lionfish also provide very delicious sandwich meat that can be eaten raw or cooked. We even used dead lionfish as bait for tiger sharks or Eels. Which reminds me, I have not often see such a large targer shark as they are in the game. Often they are much smaller and more agile.I recommend also maybe making some coral dangerous to touch.Lastly please consider adding more underwater wildlife such as softshell crabs, lobster, squid, flownder, Eagleray, Hammerhead shark, clams, oysters, snails, etc.I will play again soon when there is more to do. Maybe give the ability to for Co-op mode or some sort of companionship."
76561198271949767,Recommended,313120,20074652,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ryan.cruickshank305,"this IS a GOOD game BUT, I keep having this problem where stuff in my inventory dissapears is this a bug and is anyone else having this problem"
,Recommended,313120,20057480,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chris Lance,"This game has a huge learning curve and you need to set up your controller settings the way you want them, but loving the game so far."
76561198068799777,Recommended,313120,20851642,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TehLifeBanana,This is a really good game it is fun for the people that like survival games
76561198246959410,Recommended,313120,20873923,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SirCobsAlot,it is amazing everthing is good abut it but you cant chop don tress and i cant do the ttoryal and it is vary hard to find food and a drink but than everything is good
,Recommended,313120,31362828,Posted: 25 April,all,EdgyEmoEggYolk,"Stranded deep is a game which is very similar to Subnautica in the survival sense, althought you spend most of your time on land, going from island to island scavenging for food, resources and tools. You can spend loads of time building your own house to keep your items and storage, and even just to have as a great looking house! The game has lots of new updates which add and improve to the game in many different ways. The graphics are great, although you'd have to have a fairly fast computer for you to be able to see the game's graphics at it's best. Personally I could play this game for hours on end. Brilliant game. I definitely recommend it."
76561198296072214,Recommended,313120,31658468,Posted: 9 May,all,charliewhiskey,"Good game with fantastic graphics.  Great for open-world, crafting type of game. Would recommend, but wish they would create more of a goal or final task to complete."
76561197964068863,Recommended,313120,31500063,Posted: 1 May,all,brumpy,"This game is worth the purchase if you consider 10 hours of fun worth 15 bucks.It starts out with a plane crash into the ocean. You swim to a raft and paddle to the closest randomly generated island.You make rafts, collect rain water and eat crabs. Also, there are sharks. Its kind of fun and consuming, but this wont be a game you'll play for a long while."
76561198065605741,Not Recommended,313120,30093011,Posted: 21 February,all,SebHS,"This game used to be fun, and looked great too! I havent played for a long time, and just tried it right now, everything has been downgraded including gameplay... Not sure why."
,Recommended,313120,31168374,Posted: 15 April,all,Judge Ross,"I don't get what the hate is all about. ""Oh my God structural construction is gone. Oh no they are mimicing modern day survival games."" Can ya'll please shut your traps and quit misleading people with your thumbs-down reviews? This game is super fun, yeah I didn't put that many hours into it, yet ;)My opening scene was incredible. A raft with no introduction. Had to find out how to row through the rough seas. Found an island. Grabbed sticks without knowing what to do, then spammed my keyboard to figure out what buttons do. Sounds in this game are very immersive. Lo and behold I build and LIGHT my first pile of sticks and there is a rattling noise. I turn around and holy cow a snake is in attack stance. I launch my spear at it, it strikes me back! The spear is still on the snake and it shimmers away, I run after it and throw another spear at it, then skin it, and eat it! Yea that was michael-bayish, i gots good hopes for dis game. Yall should buy it, and hates: stfu."
76561198051045010,Recommended,313120,31294670,Posted: 22 April,all,VpompV,"Firstly would recommend the game it's unique and fun if Adventure and Survival is your thing.Dislikes:Whats up with Sharks hogging wrecks all the time, can't there ever be that small chance they won't be there?!Some crafting likes the farms arn't working or if it does it would be great if they could create video tutorials on the different crafts such as how to use the farm and so forth, just short vids would help clear up some issues. Plus it would be great for hint on certain tools to know what they do before you craft them like the Hoe.. instead of alt tabbing to find out how or what each tools does.Would be great if there was a more visual way to show that your food is cooked, as im not sure if its a bug but at times that crab meat or potatoes hang on that fire for ages and yet i still care and share after consuming.Sea Forts Awesome to find but it's useliss if you can't use it, i tried building fires on the roof but no luck, would be great to be able to build and craft and destroy the fallen racks ect and reuse the metal to craft other goods and turn that sea fort into a well fort!Breathing is another thing..i'm not sure if my character was a smoker before the plane crash but without the air tank..he doesn't quite last for no longer than 30 to 40 secs it seems...so i have no idea how one is suppose to reach deep depths and see at that depth.Liked:Open world feel.Crafting and surviving on a tropical but deadly island!Hope the maps become much larger.Wish it becomes multiplayer like a Open World (maybe PvP) and then Free Building (Coop)Great way to chill and waste time on days of bad weather!"
76561198219150815,Recommended,313120,31768765,Posted: 15 May,all,OVO | Trade.tf,"this is like The Forest its great!i recommend this game for people who like survival, open worlds, sharks, and potatoes."
76561198034128912,Not Recommended,313120,33511129,Posted: 13 July,all,bLuR// BLACK,"why does it take so long to get from one island to another, its so damn boring to just press w and you cant even look around since you'd be going in the wrong direction then :(. Its a nice looking game but this is just too frustrating."
76561198211672644,Recommended,313120,33546680,Posted: 14 July,all,Bob4everONE,Its a very enjoyable game. If your questioning getting it. Think of every survival game out there and think to yourself if you want to add water and a level of difficulty which is hard to start out with. Playing this game (mainly offline) was fun. But one thing I do have to say is that it is not updated much. I feel like its devolpement has stopped being a priority. It would be a much more enjoyable game if there was more content available. But the game is still very enjoyable as it is.
,Recommended,313120,34151263,Posted: 10 August,all,Legion,"First, I will write a review based on my memory of the game last time I played which was by the looks of it, 100 patches or so ago... at least.Last time I played, the game was fairly limited and buggy. It was an early access game to its core and was a good definition of what they should be. However, unlike many of the other early access style games, this was constantly updated. New content constantly added or bugs fixed. This is how early access should be. The community has been reporting bugs, issues and suggestions and it seems like the devs may have actually listened by looking at the patch notes. Fun game all the same though.Now its time to put in some more time to the game as it is now and see if my review needs anything else."
76561198098114723,Recommended,313120,31920631,Posted: 23 May,all,Morty C-137,This game has been out for 2 years now which isnt long for a game its still buggy but thats to be expected since well most games ive seen take about 3-4 years some 6 some less but it depends on the game. ill give it another 2 years before i decide its worthless
76561198271956383,Recommended,313120,19950686,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,kapovic8,i need help i dont get the plane crash part and i dont understand why so can someone help although this game is fun
76561198004865776,Recommended,313120,19746777,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,nal81,cool m8 buy it m8
76561198276994887,Recommended,313120,20922120,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,kirbystar6,The game is great but it does crash at times!!! i had to shut off my computer and start my computer up againplease fix this bug
,Recommended,313120,19738689,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Lystra,gg neds co0p 11/10
,Recommended,313120,20870023,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zen Starwalker,"Having problems getting the game to work. Usually get stuck on initializing objects, tried dx9 mode, wont let me even get to the new game screen. i have 6gb ram/2.4ghz dual core. not understanding the issue at all"
,Recommended,313120,21184666,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheChaccaLord,Fun game to play if you like survival and plenty of items to keep you busy searching
76561198345798288,Recommended,313120,31909712,Posted: 22 May,all,Wavekatcher,"I am just a few hours in to this game.  Very enjoyable single player game.  The crafting interface is great.  Lots of potential.  Just remember to save often, I had the game crash during a battle with a tiger shark while using spears.  Lost an hour of exploration and building.   Its fun to daydream about different ideas for the game, such as, seeing a passing cruise ship or tanker in the distance.  Or having the seagulls steal your meat off the smoker.  lol"
,Recommended,313120,33645663,Posted: 18 July,all,WeirdAssassin8,I dont even know why i can review this game wtf
76561198213238960,Not Recommended,313120,35140076,Posted: 22 September,all,tschrine,How do I play?  There are no instructions...It's not like i'm willing to mash every key in every situation to find out what may or may not happen.
76561198043641041,Not Recommended,313120,34551721,Posted: 28 August,all,Doggie,"it's a fine game, but i dont really like this game alot, maybe it's just me, but i don't feel like there's alot to do in the game."
,Not Recommended,313120,15965818,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,CDunks,Soooooooooooooooooooo boring.1) Spawn In2)Find TINY Island3)Find TINY ship wreck4)Find random sh*t that dosent help at all5)Try to kill shark6)Shark kills you or runs7) Repeat3/10 Bad....
,Recommended,313120,18344428,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,chris :),I fell off a tree and my character thought he broke something.Well done.
76561198174789955,Recommended,313120,18346020,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,BOT Bob,Good game but LAGGGGGGGGGGGGY.
76561198171299247,Recommended,313120,19720281,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dank MEm,its a great game
76561198048208390,Recommended,313120,20410513,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rawheadrexx11,;)
,Recommended,313120,15510688,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Slump,Nope nope nope.
,Recommended,313120,25123952,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,hydrogen Peroxide,yes
,Recommended,313120,19728353,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Gustazzzz,yes
,Recommended,313120,24353691,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,MTTY34,Fun for the first 10 hours; nice to revisit after big updates but there's only so much you can do with exploring almost identical islands.
76561198093134716,Recommended,313120,24347759,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Gary Winthorpe,"This is a great and pretty educational, I would say, game for kids, teens and adults, no matter the age. I have a good amount of time on this game, I love the anxiety i get when im looting a shipwreck and i hear the creepy bass simbolizing that there is a shark nearby. There are the positives, here are the negatives:First off: the snakes. They are either extremely buggy or not able to be killed. I had a crude knife and hit it a total of 23 times and it didn't show any sign of it being damaged whatsoever. And also, they can hit you from an extreme distance. I was on top of a palm tree and it was on the ground and it hit me, making me fall and die. Second thing. The ocean behavior. More specifically, the waves and current. I liked this game in 0.05 and below, with all the broken physics, no waves, small islands, and no map editor. But that's just me, and I don't know if anyone agrees with me, but i hope SOMEONE does. If the BeamTeam isn't gonna change anything that i just said, which they won't because it's not a significant person asking for these changes, AT LEAST GIVE PLAYERS THE OPTION TO REVERT BACK AND FORTH UPDATES! PLEASE! I WANT THE OLD STRANDED DEEP BACK!But overall, it's an exiting, educational, and thrilling game to play for people 10 and up, i would say.I would give the current update of the game a 6/10, but the old versions before the new map editor and all of that a 10/10. @BeamTeam"
76561198043864198,Not Recommended,313120,26187834,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,American_Gamer,interesting at first then nothing. no decent updates. wish i could refund.
76561198202439613,Not Recommended,313120,28910650,Posted: 1 January,all,thawksworth,"This game is fun for like a day. Then you realize the developers have no intention of making this game good, the updates are sparse, and it's been 2 years with nothing to show. Would love a refund if that was even possible. No content and it's buggy. Stay away."
76561198310007657,Not Recommended,313120,35071919,Posted: 19 September,all,com_bynd,I ate and drank till I had full hunger and water bars and died 2 minutes later of dehidration and starvation. It goes down to fast. The only way to survive is scrumage for food and water the whole time and even then you still die. The smoker doesnt work you put food on it over a fire and it doesnt cook. And its just a ton of bull.
76561198143353415,Recommended,313120,35055423,Posted: 18 September,all,TopHatTwiggy,"I really like this game its really well made. the water effects are so good and the skybox is amazing. i have play many survival games such as Rust, Ark, Subnautica, 7 days to die, and many more but this one really hits the survive aspect really well. with its feeling of lonleyness and constant strruggle to live with no help for a friend or anything its really cool. i cant wait for the Co-Op part of the game cuz i got a friend who plays and we would love to ride the waves with our raft and stuggle to fight the sharks and tiger fish. oh and the storms nice job guys really captured the weather and its unpredictable nature. im so excited to play more of this game and see what else there with be in the future. also im hydrophobic which means im scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the water if someone like me thinks a game about water and being stranded in it with sharks is cool then its a good ♥♥♥♥en game and devs thank you very much for giving us the chance to play this game."
,Recommended,313120,34991291,Posted: 16 September,all,Skinboy142,this game started as one of the worst early access games i have ever played and now its one of the best survival games on steam
76561198254983308,Recommended,313120,35049733,Posted: 18 September,all,The Room of Fun,Hello everybody!I bought this game because it's super interesting ( for me ) !And I hope the multiplayer will come out soon...So this game isn't cheap in Ukraine and Russia but it's super interesting!-I recommend this game-
76561198138732731,Not Recommended,313120,16535947,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mace Dindu,Its a great game for the first 2 hours or so but quickly gets boring as it is very repeditive.
,Recommended,313120,17194241,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,President Spooks,"I am liking this game so far, seems to have a good premise.Pros:-Decent graphics-Interesting building system, works well-Small inventory system, makes for good decisions/horrible decision (I needed that peice of cloth...)-Spooky Scary Tiger Sharks Send Shivers Down My Spine (and knock me out of boats)-Limited/no HUD, great for the immersion-NO MUSIC RUINING OCEAN SOUNDS! (Occasional, but quiet music)Cons:-Can get boring after a couple hours-Useful items are hard to find (and items you have keep spawning in the boxes)-Early Access, some bugsOther than that, 10/10 would bleed to death after viciously fighting a Tiger Shark again."
,Recommended,313120,17231746,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SUOBWAY,Awesome and 10/10 would recommend m8
,Recommended,313120,17261501,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,6ary5,"Stranded on an island with nothing but a lighter, a raft paddle and a kinfe you set out to survive and find help. Stranded Deep is a very good masterpiece. Also I heard you could get Wilson."
,Not Recommended,313120,17279474,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,emotional lesbian,ProsInteresting ConceptCrabsSharksCons30 minutes of gameplayHorrible developer planning
76561198209311193,Recommended,313120,17304954,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,tman2002,"this game is awsome, this is a good review"
,Recommended,313120,17347893,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NO2MEN,epic N funny game!
76561198147990503,Recommended,313120,17424032,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cjadon,I find this game extreamly Fun. Just buy it. Overall the graphics are well done and the game mechanics and the free roam are great. Totally worth my money and I would recomend for anybody.
76561198060850639,Recommended,313120,17637187,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Johnson,WIIILLLSOONNN!!!
76561198185736709,Recommended,313120,17652255,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DatUnturned786,awesome survival game!
,Recommended,313120,17653527,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Youtube Willsk8,Great Game!!!! Co-op would be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,313120,17749250,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,MuT-ZDOGG,Got stranded on an islandFought shark after shark and made a homeFell off a tree and used morphineLost my only source of transportationFlew around on a chopped down treeGot a scrape on my arm and bled to death 10/10
76561198074180832,Recommended,313120,17755197,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zabójca Kobiet :P [PL],cool game i recommend you to play it with new updates that can be cool and get annoyed by the deep breaths that he makes.<3
76561198072452030,Recommended,313120,18065016,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Darken,"Very fun game, can't wait for more content."
,Recommended,313120,19103019,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Eggs,"This game is mistitled. It should be ""Carry Sticks Between Islands in Order to Build a Useless House Simulator""."
,Not Recommended,313120,19721265,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rapey Dave,"Great game concept, but its been nearly a year and its only gone from 0.01 to 0.07. VERY dissapointed. this game has so much potential and i was very happy when i first played it. but i have simply lost all hope of this game even having a chance of reaching v.1. very sad and dissapointed"
76561198217256599,Recommended,313120,20776596,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Morty Da Chimp,"this game is very fun! love the new raft system!although there are a few bugs. because it wont show me the plane cutscene, just spawns me in the middle of the ocean. please fix this issue. Alaso it would be cool if they added pirates or cannibals or something other than sharks and stingrays.but other than those the game is pretty enjoyable."
76561198132396737,Recommended,313120,21012481,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Astral Projection,10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing good game and graphics are holy♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing
76561198142544142,Recommended,313120,21240899,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GillianofGames,I like this game...no doubt about it. But I would play it a lot more if it had a mulitplayer setting. I think it would be fun with a friend or two.
,Recommended,313120,21288208,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,stang.gang.55,this game made me scared of the ocean
,Recommended,313120,21290171,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,PoisonQuinnHearts,"I'm big into survival games and crafting its just what I like to do. Now this game has an awesome look to it and nice features, the underwater environment is beautifully done as well! If course with any early access game there are going to be flaws,♥♥♥♥♥♥with any game there will be. But that shouldn't take away from the enjoyment. I'm looking forward to what this game will have to offer within each update. I would like to see them add an option for multiple player where you can come across others on islands tjatd be a cool option of you ask me. But I'm cool with the solo rider."
76561197994450237,Recommended,313120,21375690,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kal Manto,"After a rough start (required a reinstall). This game is amazing graphics.  I have only started it and  have no idea where it leads but so far this crafting system is the best I have encountered.Fill in as I see :)Rough gets rougher lol. There is to littel current information to startt and play smoothly.They game seems awesome, but all the Wiki's an help is out of date (expected for early access)I'm pretty much stuck and may put this on the side, I will say again it seems like it may be a good game but with out any help in it to get started it's difficult."
,Recommended,313120,21455503,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Unknown Banana,"It is a VERY fun game if you have a good enough computer. When I first bought the game I had a terrible GPU in my PC so the experience was horrible. However, when I got a new GPU it was much better."
76561198283269622,Recommended,313120,21486251,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Holymotherderp,"very fun, challenging, and crazy building I would recommend this game to people who like surival, building and SHARKS. Very fun."
76561198142327223,Recommended,313120,21513378,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,HBEGames Co. (team heavy),Possibly the most original game ever. Here's Why:It has a lot of ideas and a vibe of films like 6 Days 7 Nights and Castaway.The game does well with what a lot of island survival games struggle with.Nuff said.
76561197970848503,Recommended,313120,22620812,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,takh01,"For an early access game in its early stages I see some very positive signs for this game. There are many areas of improvement, but if even half of those are improved it will become a very good game. Definately will need to be made over a larger area, but that is easy to add later, and the increased depth and variety, and with it the challenges will only increase with time as with all good early access games.I will definately be playing more of this game as further updates come out."
76561198127994715,Recommended,313120,22631514,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[NOOT NOOT],Pretty g
,Not Recommended,313120,22718680,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MINDCRAFT,"Gets boring, fast."
76561198193223162,Not Recommended,313120,24184398,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Venvix,"Unfortunately, I had the unfortunate time of six hours on this because I accidentally left it open and now cannot get a refund of my fifteen dollars that I wasted on this game. Drinkable coconuts do not work for some reason, I cannot kill crabs for fish with any weapon I use. There is different crafting uses and worse animation from what I see in videos  or the pictures up there. I know I do have only a few hours played on the game but you DO NOT want to get it. A better game is 'The Long Dark' and 'Forest' which are games similar but a lot more exciting and built on. I want the money I unfortunately spent back on this useless game."
76561198230247976,Not Recommended,313120,25367869,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,foundry.press,"I've been playing stranded deep since the very first version on my computer and now on my laptop. When I first played it I remember thinking it was awesome, amazing graphics, cool atmoshphere, Fun gameplay. I just cant say that anymore. Even though there was much less back then, one type of fish, tiny islands and barely any crafting, what they had worked well and was done right. Now their adding in as many new and badly designed things as possible instead of focusing on what they need to improve, which is alot. This is just my opinion but with the new charecter and island  models I honestly think the graphics have gotten worse. Also the character movements and animations are just awfull notto mention the buggy inventory and bad menu system. You spend hours grinding for very few resourses in order to build a box. By the time your for finished your dead from lack of water even though there is virtually no way to get water quick enough to keep your thirst up. And for what?I am honestly considering downloading the old version of the game off the internet for free, it would be better than this. Trust me.The game has great pottential and the developers are ambitious but I really think they need to focus on fixing the many bugs, issues and glitches in the game. Until then, I just cant give this game a good review. Im just dissapointed at what has happened to the game."
76561198274031926,Not Recommended,313120,26282929,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RootnTootnVladimirPutin,"I highly don't recommend this game, mainly because it's EXTREMLY laggy. I played this on a computer with a TON of space and it crashed over and over. The controls are complicated and the textures are broken at times, which causes the game to go at about .5 frames per second. Also, everything is so sensitive, you could be climbing a tree trying to get coconuts (which is pretty much the only food in the game that doesn't kill you) and all of a sudden, when you move your mouse a little to the right, BAM you just fell off a tree, broke both of your legs, and nearly died. Another horrible thing about this ""game"" is that some of the items you start out with don't spawn, for example, you could start in the raft and not have a paddle at all unless you swim to the bottom of the ocean, or its just gone. And the worst about this game is that it takes FOREVER to update, even so the updates turn out to be really old ones, the game can't even keep up with updates, I played this and then out of nowhere it says that it needs to update 11 times... One thing I still wonder to this day is how Steam could let a bad game like this ruin our fun.. I want my $15.00 back... NOW!"
,Recommended,313120,26651819,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BinsAreMyFins BaMf,"Dear Str. Deep,I really loved the game! But there is some flaws."
76561197972383430,Not Recommended,313120,29068899,Posted: 6 January,all,SlenderBenji,Could you please make different versions for this because in my opinion it was better when it was old ...
76561198035417855,Not Recommended,313120,30516262,Posted: 14 March,all,asky,How did this game get worse?I played this game over a year ago and thought it was pretty amazing -- it just needed a storyline and more mechanics. I just tried it again and it's so much buggier and clunky. I really wish the developers had focused less on the graphics and more on the gameplay.Can't recommend this until it offically launches.
76561198154920089,Not Recommended,313120,30710536,Posted: 24 March,all,Ekim,"Not worth the amount.Game is very boringRepetitive... ex: Hitting a bloody tree over 50 times to get the actual resource you need to craft 1 thing....Overpriced, $10 at max...Very annoying inventory system.Glitchy...Climbing down trees take foreverETC"
76561198200298730,Not Recommended,313120,30776087,Posted: 27 March,all,garyhardman7,"this game looks fantastic and i waited a year until i got my laptop to play it..it owrked once, afterthat it continually loaded with errors, i couldn't play it, i emailed support several times and got no reply. the discussion page is full of error complaints. do not waste your money. its a shame it looks a fantastic game"
,Not Recommended,313120,32281475,Posted: 8 June,all,BuddySmiles,"i seen a youtuber play this game and thought that it looked fun, kinda had a RUST meets Cast Away feel to it. So i bought it when it first came out and man was it buggy, and boring in a way that you dont want to play this game because it is so complicated to make the simplist of tools, your inventory is like holding stuff in real life your very limited. so i put it away for a while..... like about 2 years. Got bored today so i looked through my inventory and saw this game and thought to my self ""Hey, its gotta be fixed now, right?"" loaded it up and to my surprise it was changed drasticly. The menu looked cool the atmosphere was nice, but that was short lived when i actually started to play and man was it STILL BUGGY, over 2 years the games been out (maybe longer) and this is still the same, when the game first loaded up i saw i had a little bit of a lag, so what do i do? I pause the game hitting ESC but oops! i just skiped the tutoral! but why would they make it the same button as the menu!? EVERYONE who first plays the game is gunna want to fix there graphics settings but too bad, you gotta live with the lag to learn OUR rules BOY! and rightfully so, because thats all the game is theres LAG.... then theres BUGS. i tried to realy buckley down and try my best to get in depth with the game, but the more i played the more i was finding myself looking for sharks to fight, im guessing you would run from sharks but i just wanted to die, die, die! Moral of the story is if this games been out this long and hasnt been fixed... dont buy it, maybe a $1.99 kinda deal but even then youll play it once, and never play it again.......... as for me ill see this game in another 2 years.... maybe."
76561198192539667,Not Recommended,313120,15440715,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,tvasquez71,my game does not work every time i load the game it says stranded deep and asks me to do a new game i click on it and it loads but turns to a pink screne and has a white dot in the center i was looking forward to playing your game but have realized that it was a waste of money but if u fix the game i would gladly be happy to play PLEASE fix i want to play
76561198088323692,Recommended,313120,16304056,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rapp,If you where give a game where you are left to die on a island in the middel of the ocean and you have to life that we be a ok game. But you see here stranded deep is more than a ok game Stranded is a game where you can build a house or a tower or what eaver you one than ofter you build you can go swimming with the shark and try to hunt one for dinner. whan you get you food than you can swim the deep of the ocean looking for sucking ship that can have anything on than from first aid to can food and fual tank to airtank to name some of the loot. But dont take my word for it go and see what is out there for you!!!
76561198038033410,Recommended,313120,17237483,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,rozzdemon,"Really beautiful game but it could be so much more. Once you get the basic all you really do in the game is hoard coconuts and sail to different islands that basicly look the same. With the rare finding of an easter egg, which is prety cool.Things that I would change-If you could craft a better bag, or even find one, thatd be great.-You could do so much more with building.-More exploring and treasure. Finding sunken ships is awesome and the graphics are amazing.-Instead of a bigger bag just a chest on a wooden raft would be great.-If I could make a fire big enogh or maybe find a light scouce so I could find my way back to my ""home island"" a little easier. xD-More than 1 fish on a fire spitYou really dont need to spend more than 5 hours on this game in its current state.The graphics look stunning but on some of the smaller items have very poor grapics.I liked the game but I am very glad I got it on a summer sale."
,Recommended,313120,17270296,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,xxBlackorchidxx,"I adore this game! Honestly, my favorite gamemodes to play are stratagy survival; and this game is it! Love how you can treasure hunt in shipwrecks along with building your own tiki hut! Def recommend this game to others!"
,Recommended,313120,17275488,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DeadlyPie ^^,"Awesome game, but after playing a lot in the game you are becoming tired...Just because when you got a problem and need a new air tank or something like this or some resource that your isle and the isles next to you haven't got it anymore.you must scavange so so far away until you forget where is your home or every morning you need a resourceyou go so far you realize you come with just some bunch oof the resource you need that the capacity you came with isn't worth the long way you did.Really Great game, good job on making it. it so amazing.but the ""fans"" wants more action and co-op ,  more creativity in crafting ships & etc...I know I'm rushing to fast and the creators are still working on fixing bug and adding new stuff.It still would be lovley to see something new from time to time!"
76561198170072254,Recommended,313120,17275871,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ryan2004,so much fun!
,Not Recommended,313120,17335911,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[iFAP] Eggplant,Not enough content to be worth it. 0/10 never do it again
76561198153170100,Recommended,313120,17362014,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Stranded Deep,"At the moment for fifteen bucks it's a great asking price.Cons- Traveling between islands is slow [raft should be thirty percent faster]- Crafting really limited to a bed, a shack and raft- Achievements don't unlock"
76561198113325569,Recommended,313120,17444469,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jens::::: csgowitch.com,1. Play The Game2. The Plane Crashes3. Finding A Boat Rift4. Get Killed By A Shark5. Trying To Survive Again!6. Finding a potato7. Killed a Crab8. Killed a Shark REVENGE!9. Swimming a long way10. A Great White Shark Smashed my boat11. A Big ♥♥♥♥ING WHALE! Swims over the Great White Shark12 THE BEST GAME EU! BUY ITTTTT!!!!!!!13. Played the game Normal creating things and a house(Recommend)
,Recommended,313120,17495150,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Heaven's Sake,"If you're someone like me, and have the worst fear of what lies beneath the ocean, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME, IT WILL SCARE YOU. F-cking sharks mayn"
76561198020309894,Recommended,313120,17531546,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Briffster18,"From what I have played so far this game is fantastic and has amazing potential hopefully it does get finished as the graphics and gameplay are great. I also liked the general realism of this game as there are no zombies ect chasing you and the worst you will have to worry about is hunger and sharks.My only gripe with this game comes with the current limited crafting options and only having a plethora of small islands to explore, hopefully this is addressed in the future. Otherwise I highly recommend it as a great way to pass some time and get s break from other games you may be playing."
,Not Recommended,313120,21838010,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bikini BOT tom,"Theoretically the game is nice and it's also fun to play it. But unfortunetelly there are so many bugs and things which should be improved. E.g. I think I spent about half of my playtime in front of the loadingscreen. Or once I left the game while sitting in the raft. When I came back the player stuck in the raft and could not leave it anymore and I had to start a new game...If it would be half the price I may would recommend it, but 15.- are just to much for this game..."
76561198114233818,Not Recommended,313120,21839758,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,memelord69,"3/10 with potential for 9/10I saw some gameplay of this game and it was amazing but once i started playing it was the buggiest most horrendous excuse for a survival game i have ever seen.Switch back to the old engine and im sure i would be satisfied with the game instead of changing the engine add more things for farming ,transportation ,combat and automization,Overall i would not recommend buying this game until you are aware of a switch back to the old engine or a very similiar engine thats more optimized."
76561198259544474,Recommended,313120,22292023,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,K.K. Ratbub,I really am one heck of a noob can i have some advice?.................
76561198096386920,Recommended,313120,22339705,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tominator,good
76561198191699449,Recommended,313120,22350654,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,MYRTLEGUY,"I HAVE ENJOYED PLAYING THIS GAME. THE CONCEPT IS VERY COOL AND INTERESTING. AFTER STAYING ALIVE 23 DAYS REALLY MORE LIKE 60 SINCE I DONT SAVE THAT OFTEN. REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING SOME ANIMALS,BIRDS ETC. I DID SEE A LARGE WHALE IN THE DEEP WATERS ONE NIGHT THAT WAS UNEXPECTED. I HAVE A NICE MOTOR BOAT AND BUILT A MANSION ON THE HILL. WHAT IS NEXT? I GUESS I WILL HAVE TO WAIT."
,Recommended,313120,22610512,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Death Light,"Nice survival,i enjoy playing this game but he need a sondox with all items and infinite resources or cheats only for singleplayer not hack.10/10."
76561198150591286,Recommended,313120,22645054,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TripleBeef,"its a good game, it does lack depth though."
76561198144398745,Recommended,313120,22954051,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Driver,Great Game!
76561198154731339,Recommended,313120,23558251,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,EXPLORER,it is rilly good
,Not Recommended,313120,24071639,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Logjam,"Cool concept but still has an extreme lack of things to do. extremely bare bones base building and crafting, no difficulty at all. could be great if more content is added as the environment is already very pretty, but given that we're already a year and a half into the early access it doesnt look very promising."
,Recommended,313120,26968300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,potterr,"I know it's not complete, and possibly never will be but theres something just very satisfying building an island hotel out of palm trees."
76561198098404164,Not Recommended,313120,28804555,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,_B.C.Hellhound_,the game is great yes but it seems to lack things that would of made it great like multiplayer or goo crafting.
76561198011771592,Not Recommended,313120,30490534,Posted: 13 March,all,Tiitha,"The concept is really neat, but the main problem with this game is there is no end so it gets boring very quickly. I know it's early access, but the most important thing this game needs is a progressive system towards getting rescued. That should be a priority for the devs that have worked on this game for 2 years.I like the crafting system and the ocean effects are neat, but unfortunately you will get bored quickly. This is probably why people are demanding multiplayer so much, to quell the boredom."
76561198054947681,Not Recommended,313120,30636402,Posted: 20 March,all,tmicyus,"I do not recommend this game as an early release. I've played a variety of simulation and survival games with great enjoyment, and a number of early release games which I believe more accurately reflect the minumum amount of development necessary for an early release to be successful. This game does not currently meet that minimum. At this time I don't believe I've seen enough development effort to indicate that it ever will be worth purchase (compare release date to the frequency and content of updates).The graphics within the game are marvelous (just look at the glaring sun glinting off that magnificent water!), but firmly useless because the crafting strategies AND resource collecting are cumbersome. I enjoyed the music and graphics a great deal.I decided to wait a few months after purchase to see if the updates would improve my opinion, because early release games aren't meant to be perfect.Realistically, it is how the developers interact with our community, in an effort to guide production, that ultimately informs us players as to the direction a game will go. I was willing to be patient, and I fully expected an improvement within the most painful, and yet crucial, aspects of the game. Clarification - in a survival/crafting world I'd actually hoped the developers to improve upon HOW the crafting takes place, rather than giving me the ability to use the wonky crafting approach to make more (in my opinion) useless items.In the game I spent more time travelling from island to island, and sulking in the dark as I tried to drop a bucket on the ground upright, than anything else. Even the hut crafting which the designers seem to believe people are obsessed with (as per the last two u[dates).I was particularly turned off by the tone with which the developers respond to the steam community complaints. Updates are the number one way that developers inform players, so perhaps in the future someone ought to proofread the updates for tone.I expected the updates from this team to be similiar to the on-point approach of Compulsion Games (see early release We Happy Few), but the rariety and tone of the updates left much to be desired. This game had a solid idea, but mismanagement is sending it crashing it into the Pacific."
76561198122348596,Not Recommended,313120,32456605,Posted: 15 June,all,Dixsi,Poor crafting and raw not reall a very big map and well its just over all not really enjoyable
76561198030374025,Not Recommended,313120,33199844,Posted: 3 July,all,DRUMMABOI1,"Sart on an island, grab a rock cut down some trees make a house nothing else to do. No danger in the game unless you go swimming, but why would you go swimming when theres ominous music anytime a shark is within 10 miles of you. This game will not be developed any more. It has been the same since day one. If you like games where you endlessly wander then this game is for you but if you need structure, goals or a story you are better off playing tetris."
76561198078745387,Not Recommended,313120,14503526,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ray.daniel98,"Yes the graphics are very good, and it's only 15 dollars (US). But it's exactly what it looks like. You are stuck on a small island. That's pretty much it. After total play time of 10 hours, I'm aboslutely done. There's nothing really to do. Food and water aren't hard to get, so really you'd never need to leave your starting island. But having explored around and seeing all the other pretty much identical islands, shipwrecks, and finding wilson, there just isn't anything to do. Tried killing a shark a few times, never was able to kill one, as they speed away into the ocean whenever I seem to get close. Gets to the point where you've run out of ideas for things to do. So, yeah it was only 15 bucks, but honestly for the entertainment value, it's overpriced. It's maybe worth 10, especially for an early access, where you know there's going to be bugs. It's not a terrible game, the graphics are good, and the interface is solid, I just wish there was more to it. I'll keep checking back with the new patches to see what they add, and maybe they'll change my mind. But as for now, as it is, you're paying to much money to get bored in a couple hours. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,313120,15337171,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,I EAT ASS 孤独,"WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DID I JUST BUY?!?!?!?I KNOW THIS IS A PRE-RELEASE. So please don't h8 on me.So, seeing the trailer for this game gave me a pretty serious erection.I immediatly bought it without thinking about problems, such as glitches, bugs, etc.As soon as I downloaded the game, I selected create new game and prepared myself for an epic nerdgasm.1% jumped instantly to 89% making me think I was in for some serious fun without any glitches.After being stuck for 5 minutes at 89%, I restarted the game without any suspicion of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programming.Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ It stuck again. Repeated the process, until I started really getting ♥♥♥♥ing mad.I tried every single possible graphic setting. Nope. I was at the point of trying to get a refund, when I decided to let the game load for as much as possible. After about 30 ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES, I heard the game fire up and start the tutorial in the plane.All my anger temporarily dissapeared, until I had to deal with another goddamned loading screen, which drove me up the ♥♥♥♥ing wall. After another 89% loading screen that lasted another 20 minutes, the game started.Yeah, it was pretty fun for the 20 minutes. I tried to figure out things, killing a few fish, making some tools, blah blah blah. Later on I shut the game after getting bored ♥♥♥♥♥less due to the fact that the game is so poorly designed and explained, that It was not really that fun.A few days later I gave the game a second chance. I checked out a few recipes for crafting, watched a few videos, expecting to have more fun this time. Well, aside for the 10 minute loading screen, things proceded differently.Started to build shelter, explore new islands, and get into advanced♥♥♥♥♥♥Everything was going pretty well, UNTIL A SHARK ASSAULTED MY ♥♥♥♥ING BOAT SENDING ME AND THE BOAT FLYING OFF IN TWO SEPARATE DIRECTIONS, AND LATER KILLING ME.I completely lost it. After a few more hours of the game I just could not stand the damn sharks and millions of bugs, such as tools sinking in the ♥♥♥♥ing rocks.THIS GAME HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL, IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING SAD.The idea of a sort of a more realistic minecraft without exploding critters and zombies is pretty brilliant.TO BAD THAT THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WAS RELEASED. A loveless, buggy, and careless version of what I saw in the trailer was the thing I purchased. DON'T GET ME WRONG, I know thing are different from trailers, but this is a damn exception.I KNOW THAT THIS IS A PRE-RELEASE, but it is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible that I could not even manage to get a refund.WHAT DO I THINK? Until the game is not patched up and made interesting AND A FEW INSTRUCTIONS ARE INCLUDED, DON'T EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ or at least not for 15 ♥♥♥♥ing euros.At least, that is what I think.Peace bruh."
76561198152260399,Not Recommended,313120,15474275,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,squidward,"I cannot recommend this game to you, the reader, at its current state.First off this game has great graphics, survival machanics and a promising future! However, like every game out there are downsides. One of the downsides if probably be the lack of updates and content in the current state of this game. The Lack of content really kills me because of the amount of potential and awesome-ness that this game has. Also, stranded deep has alot of bugs. Some bugs included, items disappearing and my character randomly floating. Although, the Bugs are there but they do not hinder the gameplay experience.It would be awesome if they added multiplayer and coop too. Even if the game deosn't have much content, it can still be fun if you get to play with your friends!Also the game lacks wildlife, and loot to pick up. I could memorize all the items in the game, and if I can do that then this game doesn't have enough content! All the wildlife there is, are crabs, sharks and some fish.Everytime I see an update I am so happy, why? because the devs only update the game like once a decade.If Stranded deep can have the amount of content in DayZ, have constitent updates like CSGO, then the game should be at least 3 times the price it is now, and at that stage I would definitely recommend the game to you and it would probably be a 11/10 game.I would give this game a 6/10 at the current stage its in."
,Recommended,313120,17206524,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nobby,"I managed to survive 4 Days perfectly fine without problems.- I build myself a little ""house""- Started hunting for fish so i have a steady food suply- Found a Bucket to make fresh water- Everything seemed to go perfect......- Then i found the Labelmaker.....- Fell down a Palmtree while trying to rename a Coconut- R.I.P.10/10 would label that coconut again!"
76561198154017333,Not Recommended,313120,17330047,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,HAHA,"Not worth that much money, Don't get it!"
76561197993297424,Recommended,313120,17375167,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sour Deez,"Great Visuals, developer response"
76561198202080583,Recommended,313120,17380392,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dr. Watson242,"I think stranded deep was very awesome but then came the newest update. My eyes were so shocked to see what they did.Everything was bright. My eyes were so so shocked.But then I saw what they put in the game update!!!I think now u can find a shot gun!!! And im just...Mind blown!!!I haven't found it yet, is it even in the game yet? I haven't a clue!!!But now you can't climb trees!!!I mean now how are u meant to make shards of rock now?But I think the game needs another update to get rid of all the new effects.But I think its still A 4 AWESOME!!!"
76561198079801088,Not Recommended,313120,17385904,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mixer,dont buy this. seriously
,Recommended,313120,17408606,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SilentKnight174,"This game is very sweet. The realistic feel to it, except for every shark in the ocean wanting you dead. But the safety of the islands, and as soon as you get in the water, the only thing you're thinking is ""I'm screwed."" Very fun game, I could play it for days."
,Recommended,313120,17454947,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,🔥Famous Dex🔥,Very nice game :)
76561198111056275,Not Recommended,313120,17466672,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Billy,the game does not work
,Recommended,313120,17467489,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Mashtatoes,See i recommend the game but i wouldnt advise going out of the screen to google or anything because it will crash hope they fix this soon i really enjoy it :)
,Not Recommended,313120,17491927,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Tface31,"If you have played The Forest and got bored of it like I did and see the video of this game and think ""Sharks? Flare guns? buildings?"" than you are absoulutly wrong. This game has very minimal exploration considering most of the islands are the same and the game is REALLY repetitive. You search islands and sunken ships for engine parts so you can make a boat that travels quickley so you can explore islands and sunken ships faster. Dont be fooled by the sharks and flashy things this game has to offer."
76561198090958499,Not Recommended,313120,17505734,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,nick,At its currnet state its reaally not wrth buying.Close to nothing has been added to the game it is vey repetive after the first 3 hours but after that there is no content you haven't already used. I hope that this dosen't become like Castle Story. If the islands where more diverse and bountyfull ( island size is a major issue)  this game could be a lot more fun.
76561198061151455,Not Recommended,313120,17512729,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ArcticMonkey,"I saw some videos of people playing this game and it looked cool. When looking into the game I saw lots of negative reviews saying how the developers of the game have just abandoned it. I bought the game anyways, and its super buggy, and there are lots of glitches that alot of people are experencing, such as the ground not loading. I would reccomend not buying this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥scam."
,Recommended,313120,17517099,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,I will show my boobs for £20,"Although Stranded Deep lacks a lot of stuff for a game that has been out for six months (in early access) it is still enjoyable if you do not play it seriously . It is way too easy to simply survive (just travel from island to island avioding sharks) but harder to thrive. It is not a game for someone looking for a game serious or realistic, but if you just sit back and enjoy it for what it is then it is a 7/10 from me."
76561198183139251,Recommended,313120,17527166,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Jarhead5389,The lighting for the trees are too bright needs to be fixed
,Recommended,313120,17539745,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ImDonski,"I love playing this game, but it takes some getting used to at first. Until you really get the hang of it you're going to want to have a guide or something open just in case you need some help. If you want a game that gets you to really think about gameplay, but also have fun you shoud play Stranded Deep. Once the game gets finished some of the minor details should be fixed and it will make it a little bit easier to play. As for right now though the game is still playable and fun."
,Recommended,313120,17542197,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Tydox,"Good game, but at this stage it is not worth the price, if you are thinking of buying this, I reccommend on waiting for more months till there is more content because you can get everything (finish) in few hours and then you get bored.Good games, updates come slow but at least the devs are trying.Complete game version will be great, if the devs will continue on the right path :)"
76561198043549609,Recommended,313120,17544880,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NateD4Great,"10/10 Would run out of things to do on a tiny island, move on to the next tiny island, run out of things to do on that tiny island, move onto the next tiny island, lose my raft, get bored, go out into the ocean with an axe and find the nearest shark, again."
76561197962973671,Recommended,313120,17567041,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Past0ri,"Now im really hoping that developers are still working on this game. Theres quite a potential there, but atm its unfinished business. In short, its yet another survival game, where you have crash-landed in the middle of the pacific. You are given some basic survival gear, and a life raft, but you must build a shelter on one of the small islands in the area. Then you build, loot and survive. Your enemies are dehydration, food poisoning, bruises and other injuries that require medical treatment and various other dangers that lurk in the depths... The highest value of loot can be found in various plane- or shipwrecks, and if you intend to survive for longer period, you must venture to another islands. And this is where it gets annoying. Every island has the same silhouette, and you have to be right next to the island to see whats in there. Binoculars wont help a thing, so your only useful navigation tool is the compass, and you must know your boundaries. So, waiting for the next patch, cause the fireplaces arent working and the achievements are disabled for now + there are some minor bugs. Also the game needs more content, like bigger and different kind of islands, more flora and fauna, and ofc multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,313120,17606245,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,NSG SwatMax1,this is a very bad game i had to request a refund!
76561198014873563,Recommended,313120,17625646,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,LordaWar,Great game!works well on WINDOWS XPYEA BOOOOOOY!
76561198082510630,Recommended,313120,17632180,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Pizzaplanet999,this game is sooo fun but once you found a machete and a bucket you won the game they need to make bucket rare once its out of early access it will be really good (they need to add dolphins) 8/10
