user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,313200,22140064,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Faudraline,"“Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means...” ― Umberto Eco,The Name of the RoseThe Abbeyis the perfect example of encountering a marvelous story where you least expected it. If I remember correctly, I got this game in one of those weekly sales on a ridiculous price like 2 or 3 dollars. Quickly checking up cartoony, a bit cheap looking animations and somewhat grim art work I wasn't expecting much. Looking for a little filler in my life, I decided to give it a try yesterday evening. It was 5 in the morning when I finished the game without a break!Our story is set during the Middle Ages. Esteemed monk Leonardo del Toledo - an Italian and scholastic Sherlock Holmes, nonetheless - arrives to the Nuestra Senora de la Natividad Abbey to drop off his young novice, Bruno for his study with the local monks. During their journey though, they are assaulted by a hooded figure trying to crush them under a huge boulder in the steep mountain path. After their narrow escape and arrival, the Abbot asks Leonardo to investigate an odd accident that occurred at the abbey the other day, costing a brother of the order his life. The Abbot suspects that the Devil was at work! Wise Leonardo, knowing that there'd be no need for a devil when men's work is at hand in this earth starts his investigation alongside his personal toothache: a genuine idiot of a young boy and his novice, Bruno.The story is heavily inspired by Umberto Eco'sThe Name of the Rose, a classic murder mystery concerning the Medieval Scholastic Thought, the oppression of the church, the wrath of inquisition and the nature of knowledge. The lore presented within the game to establish the Medieval European setting is way more successful than I'd imagine it to be. Books that characters talk about, historical and religious references they use and the narrative terminology are spot on authentic. Small nuances in the written script - like using the word ""ignoramus"" rather than ""ignorant"" as the norm of the era for the educated in Latin - establish a certain dark mood in spite of the cartoony animations, suitable for the setting.What would surprise me most is that the limited selection of characters residing in this secluded abbey - including our main hero - are wondrously well-written with deep personalities, moral and ethical dilemmas, opinions on philosophical subjects, scars of personal experiences and rich backgrounds! It is a philosophical and theological joy to read their dialogues narrating certain realities of the era with both subtle and blatant remarks. The story itself - and the mystery revolving around it - is well worth experiencing. The plotline and the involving parties' actions are well weaved and complicated; quite satisfactory for a mystery reader.Graphics are no prize winner, it is possible to observe that much even checking some screenshots. Character animations are odd, plastic figures with cheap animations, moving with a certain crude form. With better animations, this game could have been much, much more. There is no sync between the animations and the voice acting whatsoever; but the voice acting itself is marvelously good! This must be a game of extremes, with things really good and really bad scattered around.Gameplay isn't complicated at all. You collect certain items, combine some, use them in proper places and talk to people to gather information and bring a conduct to events. Our everyday P&C adventure game. You are welcome to check Leonardo's thoughts and notes in your inventory to get an overlook on the affairs anytime. Bruno will follow you everywhere like a detrimental infection and as the teenager idiot he is, he will worsen things a lot more than he will ease... still, we are a loving, patient and wise monk bringing God's love to any who'd listen, right?The Abbeyis an unexpectedly good purchase for you to consider, especially if it's on sale. I recall Sean Connery's portrayal of William of Baskerville, the monk inThe Name of the Roseas soon as I heard Leonardo talking. It's an unmissable experience for any adventure gamer and the lover of a good old theological argument.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198142590027,Recommended,313200,12832222,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,flameglimmer,"Overall, I enjoyed this game. It is apparently based on a book called ""The Name of the Rose"". It takes place in a monastery, and is about  a monk and his novice investigating a series of murders. As one might expect in a game about murders in a monastery, there are some monks of dubious character. There are also several monks who are very decent people.The game is a simple point-and-click, with one slider puzzle. Objects can be a bit hard to find and involve some backtracking around.A couple tips to help with the gameplay- the characters walk slowly, but double-clicking on the next area will take you there right away. Moving the cursor to the top of the screen opens the inventory, moving it to the bottom closes it, and pressing m when in an open area will bring up an interactive map.I wouldn't pay full price for this game, but it was an enjoyable play."
,Recommended,313200,13424941,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ros,"I'm really suprised that this isn't more well known as a quality point and click adventure. It has a very good plot, mostly good voice acting, sensible puzzles and well done sound and visuals.The best point of this game is the plot quality. It has a really interesting story featuring characters with depth. Your character, a Catholic monk, arrives at a remote monastery with his young acolyte and is asked to help solve a potential murder. Things get complicated quickly but the story never loses credibility. Good scripting (with a few minor mistranslations in the English version) and very solid voice acting make this a great story to experience.Other good points:Understated but well composed music.Very nicely drawn background art.Good puzzle qualityThings to make you think twice before buying:It is a bit too expensive given its length (10 hours gameplay at a guess). I don't feel ripped off but try to get it in a sale.The style of character artwork is a bad choice. The game's material has moments that are quite dark but the character faces are Disney cartoon.Character walking speed can be slow although double clicking to quick-travel between screens makes this much less of a problem.In short this is  a good story well told with challenging puzzles. Maybe a little too expensive at £15."
76561198084894878,Not Recommended,313200,15781268,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,oatmealmoustache,"I really wish I could recommend this game. It has a neat setting and at certain points it really nails a nice atmosphere. Certain parts of the game are fun and some of the game's problem-resolutions are pretty clever once you figure them out.Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get to the end of the game because the developers decided to put a difficult sliding tile puzzle in, and evidently I'm not the only one who couldn't get through it. I just find it extremely annoying when adventure game developers put these types of obnoxious actual puzzles in their games, let alone at crucial moments in the game once you've already invested a lot of time in it. People can do those kinds of puzzles online if they wanted to- throwing one in in a game like this just misses the point and adds game time in an extremely lazy way. I think I had read something about that puzzle in the reviews before getting the game, but didn't pay much attention to it. I wish I had listened to them.Also, it's hard to tell from the screenshots, but the animation seems somewhat low-budget. Maybe it is an indie developer, so that is okay, but just to let you know going in... it looks like well-detailed, nice 2d backgrounds with simple, low-budget 3d character animations just sort of superimposed on it. Sometimes you can't notice, but other times it just looks kind of cheap."
,Recommended,313200,13564761,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jlhamman,"8/10I WOULD LIKE TO NOTE: I personally have not dealt with ANY bugs regarding this game.While I haven't finished the game yet (ignore the 43.6 hours played - my fault for leaving the game running over night, so far I've played maybe 10-15 hours), I wanted to throw in my two cents before the end of the Holiday Sale. Personally I think the $1.99 is a steal.Basic point and click game where you move back and forth between areas of the abbey finding objects and utilizing them to achieve results. The main character, Leonardo, is very similar to the Sherlock Holmes persona in his deductive reasoning methods, logic, and personality, but in this case he is a monk with a... let's say ""naïve"" boy for a side-kick. So far, with a few exceptions, the puzzles mostly involve finding hidden objects and using those objects to overcome obstacles.I really enjoyed that almost all of the object locations/ solutions to problems involved basic logic - when a solution I tried didn't work, I was almost always VERY close to the actual solution. Most likely, what you think will be on the right track, you'll just have to push your thinking a little bit further.The controls took me a moment to figure out but are basic and make moving through the different areas smooth. The art is an interesting mix of 3D and 2D (but strongly reminds me of cartoons I watched in the 90's). In terms of finding the hidden objects - I will admit to using a guide in several spots, but frankly, if you think you are in the right location to find something, you probably are - you really do have to pay attention to your environment to keep from missing the little details. Also, just a tip: keep your sidekick in mind. He's not the brightest crayon, but he's not just a decorative purse-puppy either.That being said, I must disagree with some of the negative comments. I know nothing of the original story this game is based off of, but coming from a religious background and some experience in medieval history, I would say to keep in mind that: 1) this is a fictional (as far as I'm aware anyway) story - the characters are very blunt/cliché personalities, as is very common in kids' stories. 2) There are a lot of unsavory religious figures/beliefs throughout history that this does mirror. No, as far as I've seen it does not emphasize any inspiring religious feats, but I don't believe that this game was intended to to supplement the player's religious beliefs - it is through and through, a STORY of murder, greed, and corruption. I actually enjoyed many of the historical references and believe the creators did a fair share of research regarding the content.The voice acting is well done and while the animations are fairly basic, they are placed to make the story feel like genuine interactions and the camera angles top off the whole ""movie vibe."" The premise of the story is common enough but the environment is unique and characters are fun to interact with. As it's my first playthrough I can't say much for how your responses the conversations impact the story- you do get to question characters and choose your responses, but I've noticed in several conversations that Leonardo will address all of your ""optional"" responses at some point, despite which selections you choose.While it probably does deserve the whole $19.99, I am a cheapskate and probably wouldn't recommend spending more than $8."
,Not Recommended,313200,16016884,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,novurdim,"A decent core story is buried under ragged delivery, questionably cartoonish presentation, technical flaws and god awful sliding tile puzzle. The Abbey finds a way to break the immersion almost every time you finally manage to start enjoying yourself.First challenge arises even before the opening cinematic, for most simply starting a game will be an adventure of its own. Steam doesn't recognize unique spanish letters so you'll have to endure errors and crashes to find out just what files you have to edit and how.The visuals are good enough (though sadly not as good as the screenshots imply, in motion 3D-models are a lot less pleasant to look at) with backgrounds being one of the stronger points of the game. Still, during the vital moments the cartoony style seems like an odd stylistic choice, conflicting with the seriousness of murder and religious rituals, destroying the atmosphere that could have been with a more fitting approach.In the game itself most things exist to irritate you: from the astoundingly low position of the subtitles and MC's frustratingly slow movements to the existence of Bruno. On the bright side, dialogue and voice acting are mostly passable (except, well, the good old Bruno, one of the most useless sidekicks ever created), some characters even have more or less interesting back-stories to tell and there are several clumsily delivered but still decent twists to the main scenario. The story is almost compelling at times, but even this last pillar is mostly ruined by a rushed ending, which exposes everything in a massive info dump by the characters without any player input and confuses the poor player with plotholes and the out-of-nowhere deductions from Leonardo.Few real puzzles are put into this project, but you may still find yourself stuck from time to time as objects that has always been there like to suddenly become grabbable and be a key to the stalemate. But my main problem lies with that inverted sliding tile gimmick, few people play adventure games for these kinds of challenge and, if you are not a master of the Mystic Square, it also downright kills the flow of the best and most dynamic act of the game.It's not a plain horrible game without its moments, but I strongly feel that Abbey's downsides are outweighing any fun it could offer.2/5"
76561198008919420,Not Recommended,313200,26409529,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,♥ChaLiz♥[US],Wasted my time.. At first i loved the game.. played till almost chapter 2 but had to stop to run an errand outside so i saved the game. But when returned and tried to load it back its gone.. Ruined the fun for me to having to start all the way back to beginning.. Dont know if happens to other people but maybe just me i dunno and i dont care.. cant refund anymore since its passed 2 weeks of purchase.. so yay what the F*** ever.. Uninstalled.. Whoever about to buy this.. do be cautious.. You may have to play beginning till finish without having to save.. You could do so if you dont have a life.. :)
,Recommended,313200,29334644,Posted: 18 January,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Adventure - P&C - Point and ClickTLDR: Comes a hair short of being a cult classic with some frustrating puzzles and a slow walk animation. However a very polished and worthwhile P&C adventure that stands proudly on its own if not as tall as lucasarts, sierra or dedalic offerings.The Abbey is a charming, cartoony, investigative point and click adventure game. It has an high emphasis on political intrigue, unraveling relationship between characters, motives, and has a strong investigative current through and through. The voice acting is mostly great with only a few blemishes, the graphics hold up very well, the lighting effects are very nice, however even with antialisasing I still had blurred textures, as well as an absence of widescreen.The game is satisfying with a plot that grips you early enough and keeps you hooked until the end. The lenght is medium to short, but given that lack of variety in locations it seemed just about right.If you keep a walkthrough handy for the few times you get stuck you will most probably have a wonderful P&C adventure experience, keep frustration to a minimum, be able to enjoy the narrative in a more relaxed manner, and you will probably find that you solve most of the puzzles on your own.I recommend this for P&C adventure fans, especially if you would enjoy a medieval game that is not centered around fantasy elements or swordplay."
,Not Recommended,313200,25927510,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,qrtsbox,"Visuals, story, characters and voice acting are all very good, game is certanly memorable in that regard, but two fings are stopping me from recomending it:1. Missing assets bug, game will crash at certain spots and you will be forced to manualy rename incorrectly named files.2. Puzzles are mostly fine, but often they are solved by visiting all locations to see if something changed since your last visit or talking to all characters for new dialog option. It becomes tedious realy fast (especialy if you now game can crash on you at any point and force you to repeat all that one again)My advice: if you are interested in this game - just watch a walkthrough on youtube, you'll get everything that's good about this game and save yourself a lot of frustration"
,Not Recommended,313200,22303744,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,email2here,"Disappointing. The drawing is frequently flat, the characters move painfully slowly and with the sound of sandels grating on the ear, the dialog is often dumb, and the puzzles are not cohesive."
76561198082975636,Recommended,313200,14047955,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,morgwenn,"Have you ever seen the movie ""THE NAME OF THE ROSE"" with Sean Connery and Christian Slater? Or better, have you ever read the book (Il Nome della Rosa, author: Umberto Eco) from which it was inspired?If the answer is: YES, you already know the plot of this game, generally speaking!If not, here is a summary of it:Medieval Age, two monks arrive at an ancient and famous Abbey where are happening strange things: bloody incindent, murdered people and. apparently, even a ghost that haunted the library of the Abbey.So the task to solve these mysteries is put in the hand of the two monks: Leonardo (guess who is that gave the inspiration) de Toledo and his disciple Bruno (a young dumb irritating boy). They find, obviously,  difficulties, silence and boycott, especially when they try to investigate deeper in the library, the very heart of the Abbey, and it seems the very heart even of this murdered.Who is behind these terrible deeds, who is the architect of these ferocius foul playes, a devil or a human being? And above all, why is this library important? What is the misterious secret concealed inside it that needed to be guarded so thightly to drive someone to kill to protect it ?...You want to know? Play the gamePro&Con:1) the plot was interesting and amusing2) the dialogues are good and well speaked3) the graphics are in cartoon style (so pretty at eye)4) the gameplay is not excellent, there is not tutorial, and even if this game is a point&click adventure, not all is so obvious: for example, the inventory is showed, when you move the cursor on top of the screen, as a sort of curtain)5) the main menu is in spanish language (that's ok), but I can't figure out a way to name my saving, so there was no name of the saving, no timing, only a series of ""?????"". So, fix in your mind what was the last scene in which your characters were, otherwise you will be stuck in the search of the right savegame6) there isn't a Map, so no way to move fast: you need get through all the location one by one every time you need to move (and you have to move a lot through the various locations)7) the pace of game is slowThat is why my rating for the game is 7/10"
,Recommended,313200,13679380,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JessieMotherOfPenguins,"It took me under 12 hours of playtime to complete this game.I actually really enjoyed it.Pros: The story was great, and the graphics are gorgeous. There was one moment when the older holy man told the young Novice to 'come here and get on all fours'.Cons: A little text heavy in the last chapter & the saving function is a bit buggy.. had to resave a few times just to make sure. Towards I started to really dislike Leonardo (your character).. as he can be a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But then again, he's had a rough couple of days. The plot twist wasn't amazing.. sort of saw it coming. Also, there's quite a few spelling mistakes.I hope there's a PT2 as the ending suggested!"
76561198100144253,Recommended,313200,20627897,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,witchiepoo,"I very much enjoyed this game. I liked the story, the graphics, the voices and the humor. The monk you play is not afraid to ask questions and puts himself in danger to find the truth. I got the game on sale but think the price is reasonable as a lot of work goes into such a game.There is a map if you type M on the keyboard so you don't have to walk back and forth which is nice. And you can double click on an exit to move instantly most of the time, but the times you can't the slow sound of the footsteps can be annoying. I had no problems with crashes or bugs but twice Bruno did get in the way when I needed to pick up something infront of him. The puzzles in the game were logical and good but if you like these mini games there was only one sliding puzzle so for those I guess you should choose a Nancy Drew game:) You can skip some of all the talking with a right click.Apart from the annoying sound of slow footsteps I only have one negative thing to say about the game and also a warning. The save option is not that great and at one time I saved a game and quit and when I came back the game wasn't saved so I had to do a lot of talking all over. So when you save go back and make sure the game is saved. You have 30 save games as far as I remember so you can also do a double save to make sure. To save you have to put your mouse in one of the squares and when the color changes you double click and you are brough back into the game. The name of the save will be Chapter ??????? which indicated there was a way to give the save a name but I never found it.I wouldn't mind a sequel:)"
76561197970887820,Recommended,313200,23047566,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mandrake42,"Quite a solid graphic adventure that reminded me a lot of the film The Name of the Rose. You are a inquisitor sent to an remote monastery, there you are quickly involved in a murder plot when one of the monks is found killed. Being an inquisitor, you are charged with solving the murder.You and your bumbling assistant must then go around talking to the other monks, picking up clues and solving puzzles in order to catch the murderer.The game is very much a traditional point and click adventure in the style of the old Lucasarts and Sierra games, though not quite as polished as those were. As I recall this game was actually released quite a few years ago before finally making its way to Steam, so it does show its age, but if you bear that in mind it looks good for when it was released.Pros: Good story and atmosphereGood graphics for its dayMostly good voice actingCons: Your assistant Bruno's voice is annoyingOverally 7.5 /10"
76561198173108093,Recommended,313200,20599092,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,nickpeyon,"For those of us who like point n click games, I do recommend this one. Granted, it's not the best out there, but I did like the animations (it's as if you were watching a cartoon), most of the voice acting and the gameplay. There's a puzzle which does take some time.TIP FOR BEGINNERS: For those complaining about this game beeing too slow, when outside, use M key to open a map and fast travel between places in different screens. If you wish to quickly travel to the next screen, double click will do the trick.I finished it with around 10 hours and and very rarely I was clueless on what to do next. Just to talk everyone and you'll do fine. Overall, I give it 6/10"
,Recommended,313200,17991536,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"While not at the top of the pack when it comes to adventure games, I still enjoyed this game's environment and story. It took me until the end of the game to realize that the same voice actor performs all of the characters (it dawned on me when he mixed up a couple of the characters' accents in some dialog at the climax)."
,Recommended,313200,33473908,Posted: 12 July,all,RabbitsPC,"I bought this game at 75% off. There were a lot of mixed reviews but I thought I'd try it anyway. I liked it. It's much like other point and click games. The story was interesting, the graphics were good and it wasn't short. Without giving away anything, the only thing I was disappointed about was that someone else in the game that deserved justice, didn't get it. It's a fun game if you like point and clicks. I'd recommend giving it a try if it's on sale."
76561198032600765,Recommended,313200,34055304,Posted: 6 August,all,dont.walk,"A great little game.  For sure, the pace is slow, but I felt this was appropriate.  The story is very much about the characters, not random objects.  I enjoyed the setting and atmosphere.  At the end, I could happily have played another game featuring Leonardo.  Something about the period really appeals."
76561198119657377,Not Recommended,313200,16744876,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,pollym,"i was really looking forward to playing this game.i love point and click adventures,but by the time i finished it i felt like throwing it out of the window.bruno""s voice is the most annoying pathetic voice acting i have ever heard.and the slow walking speed  was difficult to cope with.a very disappointing playthrough.1/10 for the sliding puzzle,the only enjoyable thing in the game."
76561198130577866,Not Recommended,313200,15210311,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,tybaltrex,I picked up this game during a sale and I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it. I tried to play it a couple of times but couldn't get into it. The story seems like it has potential but I felt like I played for a long time without accomplishing anything. You can click on pretty much everything for seemingly pointless information. I'm the type of player who likes to be thorough so I found it very boring.
,Not Recommended,313200,18246940,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jamie_s,"It doesn't run on my Windows 8. I contacted the support, no answer of course. I asked Steam to refund, it says too late ofr that. UHHHH!!!!!!"
,Recommended,313200,15880163,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,PigBear,"Without any spoilers, The Abbey is a story of a monk and a boy whom on the way to a pilgrimage to a monestary are almost killed by a mysterious figure and you attempt to unravel the mystery of it when you get to the monestary.The plot is pretty solid and flows nicely, voice acting is pretty decent.It's a basic point and click with a few small puzzles, but still engaging. Slow to start but interesting if you can sit it through.I give it a 7 out of 10."
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,313200,13538290,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kyzka,"(Spoiler Alert)Loosely based in similar fashion to the movie 'Name of the Rose' which is one of my favorites. In the movie a Abbey is being investigated for what seems like a series of supernatural killings, for instance one guy gets killed in a locked room with no secret passages. A visiting wise monk investigating the murders believes that it is human who is killing everyone and sets out to discover the culprit through unconventional means like scientific observation. Unfortunately for him now enters the Spanish Inquisition who is close on his heels wanting to blame anyone for the murders so they can simply put to rest these rumors. Hence the unconventional methods which are his friend in finding the identity of the real killer, may also be in fact become his worst enemy. The investigating monk soon learns about a secret library and feels that this Abbey and the secret library might be hiding some very dark secrets...So how is the game in comparison to such an interesting story? First mistake is that the murders in the game are hardly supernatural. One gets strangled by a belt, the other has a sentry dropped on his head. Therefore any suggestion of the supernatural seems unwarranted. While the movie suggests supernatural and ends up being anything but that, the game does quite the opposite. In the last few minutes you'll find that the culprit was a megalomaniac striving for supernatural powers through possession, your then treated to some Harry Potter incantations. Why the devs thought this cheap twist would be more suitable is beyond me.The murders in this game are boring in comparison to the movie, the secret library is a tedious adventure in comparison also. Your side kick is such a moron that if the game offered an opportunity where I could make him swallow belladonna, mercury and rat poison I would have taken it. Your charcter moves so slow it is difficult to tell when your moving and when your game is set on pause. I've seen crushed garden snails move quicker. Why the dev's thought this speed would be good for the game is also beyond me. Your main archnemesis in the end is so stupid that it's hard to believe he has learnt how to tie shoe laces never mind world domination. The Abbey's layout is hardly gamer friendly and the puzzles are simply walking around and being at everyone's beck and call when they want something. The game is laboriously long, less tedious if you just sit through it with a walk through.Credit where credit is due. Cartoon animation great, voice acting and sounds, music fitting at least. With all the work spent on this I'm surprised with the finishing result though. Definitely NOT worth full price. Sale maybe if your curious. Instead watch the movie. It's a masterpiece in comparison..."
,Not Recommended,313200,13494770,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ShinOnna,"I am really happy I waited until I got this at such a discount. Not owrth my 2 euro, to be honest.Let me tell you something: I have set my eyes on this game last year when I first saw it... a year later, I get it at this huge discount here and start playing right away.problem 1: The game constantly shows that it cannot find specific files, because either the game modules or the steam ones cannot read the special characters in the file/folder names. (I have to rename them or just constantly hit enter until the segment is skipped)problem 2: After 80 minutes of playing and just getting to the puzzle-solving part of the game, I had to go to bed (early work on the next day). Well, welcome back to me after a nasty day at the office, and here are no saved games for me to load.Overall: Too many bugs to have me return to it."
76561198113679724,Not Recommended,313200,15014073,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,zz bot,Whoever made and ported this senseless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥must die and burn in hell forever
,Not Recommended,313200,12665232,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BenWah,"This game deals exclusively with a Christian Monastery.But the designers have no respect whatsoever for the subject at hand.In fact they are brimming with hatred and contempt for it.Everyone in the monastery is either a mass murderer, a thief, entirely corrupt, or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dope.There are multiple unreleated murder plots going on at the same time among Christian monks.When a high church official is sent to check on the monastery, he is drawn and voiced as a Disney villain -- pale, sneering, hissing, scowling, brimming with evil.  I'm not kidding!He literally orders someone burned at the stake on his second day there, and his two subordinates laugh out loud when it happens.And he isn't even part of the two evil murder plots at the monastery!There is not even one example of an inspiring Christian act or person in the entire adventure.I don't mind a game showing the dark side of the environment they explore, but this goes to the extreme of bigoted bashing from a thoroughly hostile perspective.Regarding gameplay, it has critical flaws including must-acquire items that one would would be hard pressed to find in a hidden object game (pipette) or that are in fact completely invisible (letter to the prior).Objects and environments have different results depending on your progress on the game, which makes for totally unintuitive game play.In other words there is no possibility of getting through this without repeated consultations of the walkthrough.The length of the game is generous, and dialogue and plot are fairly interesting.   But these virtues are overwhelmed by aforementioned flaws.Not recommended."
,Recommended,313200,23577557,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"It is kind of mediocre and doesn't hold up to higher resolutions very well. The artwork, setting, and character models are great, they have a nice Disney film feel to it.The adventure aspect of it was a bit poor and obtuse though, still worth a few bucks."
76561197982603847,Recommended,313200,21647587,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,alexki3,"+ Really good story, beautiful graphics, no dead ends, only one (annoying) puzzle- Bad animation, unsatisfying finale with unnecessarily complicated ""explanations"", could have been couple hours longer"
76561198037425400,Recommended,313200,30078778,Posted: 21 February,all,Mori Hattori,"I enjoyed this game!  Not to easy, maybe  a litte too short? Worth playing for me."
76561198041598487,Recommended,313200,30037622,Posted: 19 February,all,memi,"A true story-rich point&click adventure game based on the book ""The name of the Rose"" by Umberto Ecco. Graphics are good and gameplay is smooth (especially if you use double click on exits and map locations to  quickly jump scenes - press M when you're outside a location to access the map and also right click to skip cut scenes or fast forward through conversations)."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,313200,34880776,Posted: 11 September,all,Edgewalker,"Plot is kinda interesting and dialogues are ok, but painful interface and ridiculous puzzles make this game really bad."
