user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198003385349,Not Recommended,313470,12615591,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,PicardsFlute,"The store page does not do a very good job of clarifying that only the first third of the game is actually complete (except for a single line at the very end of the description), and as such, there really isn't that much of a game here yet.Minor Spoilers: Right as the game is about to really start, when you finally have all 4 characters in your party and a clear goal, the game abruptly stops.  You actually only get to use your full group for one single boss encounter, before being whisked away to use several new sets of characters in what boils down to an interactive cutscene, and then the credits roll.  You'll have to either buy BHH2 or pick up the DLC to have any real full party content.The part of the game that is there is a solid, fun RPG, but I would not recommend buying this game until June 2015, when the final segment is slated to come out.About the parts of the game that are complete though, the combat system is pretty strong, allowing a decent amount of customization, and a cool stance system adds timing and defensive elements typically not found in this type of RPG.  Enemies also use stances, but the game does a pretty terrible job of explaining what your enemeis stances do when they're not the same stances that you can use.As of October 2014, the game had quite a few bugs, and during my playthrough the game crashed 2 or 3 times, several times my characters started moving during dialogue, and once my character got stuck on a wall during scripted movement, and the game got stuck there until I restarted it.This game shows promise, but I would wait for the trilogy to be completed before picking it up."
,Recommended,313470,12471104,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"I picked this up on sale because I'm all for traditional SNES-era RPGs. What I found was something so very similar to one of my all-time favorite games, Earthbound. This beauty has similar artwork, music, animations, and fight mechanics. The only difference is, it's set in the late 1800s in a western setting. Pardon me while I go play this game. As an added bonus, you can use a Microsoft controller for Windows, or, I can only assume, retro USB gamepads.Update after ten minutes of gameplay: This game features all of the best aspects of the Mother game series! This is definitely getting finished and put upon my proverbial game mantle. Games like this deserve to be played."
,Recommended,313470,12876531,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"With nods to Earthbound and Classic Westerns, Boot Hill Heroes part 1 is a well-done entry in what could be a really good trilogy.10 years ago, a hero averted disaster by bringing the leader of the Saint's Little  - the most ruthless gang in all of Bronco County - to justice....but that was 10 years ago. I mean what is that? A decade? That's a mighty long time. It's time enough for all the Saint's Little Gang to plan for their return. Chaos is brewing, and it's up to a new generation of heroes to put a stop to it. Will they succeed? Or is it going to be their last round-up? Well, since this is just the beginning, I'd hate to imagine they failed their quest before it even started.Earthbound gets mentioned often when discussing this game, and for good reason. Both games share similar aspects such as perspective and enemies appearing on the map rather than at random. BHH also has some obvious call-backs, which can be found in Kickstart Creek, but we're getting a little ahead of ourselves here. Let's talk about the biggest difference, the battle-system.This game uses an active battle-system. Each character (up to 4) can equip four vantages. These can consist of attacks, healing abilities, stances, and so on. Having the right combination of vantages for battle is a necessity. Attacking is more than just stabbing or shooting something until it falls over. You gotta figure out a strategy. Do you pick the enemy apart with a thousand cuts? Debilitate them with several status effects? Or save up for those powerful attacks? There isn't an ""item"" option in battle. You can't hand someone a sarsaparilla if their health is low. Either have someone equip a healing vantage, or make proper use of stances. Stances are the cheapest abilities, and for good reason. They put characters on the defensive, reducing or outright avoiding damage. There are many stances, some not even defensive at all.Meter management is an essential tactic. Using abilities requires power, and it can take awhile to use the most devastating attacks. The same goes for the enemy. Even when you don't know their next move, you always know how long it'll take them to perform it. That's the key moment to go in any stances that you have. Not doing so is a fatal mistake. Still, death isn't quite the end in battle, your characters will recover given enough time, but they'll be worse off. Wounded party members tend to bleed out, become less resistant to status effects, and generally have a tougher time staying alive. If they accrue too many wounds, they're permanently out. Okay, I mean permanent as in: ""until they see a doctor"" but whatever. Basically, you have to go into battle with the mindset that anything you can do, the enemy can do as well.Like I said though, this is just the beginning of the trilogy. It only takes about 7 or 8 hours to reach the end of this chapter, and that's hardly enough time to get your boots wet. However, there are several battles that will require an understanding of how the west was won, and they're not the kind you can grind enough experience to breeze through. I expect battles in the next two entries to emphasize this unique and fun battle-system.Some other things I'll note:-There are no clone NPCs. Usually with these 16-bit RPGs we see 20 dozen of the same townspeople everywhere. Not so with this game, everyone is different.-I'd be lying if I said that the music doesn't elevate this game. Jake ""virt"" Kaufman provides a great soundtrack.-Easy (and missable!) achievements. Pay attention to your surroundings.In short, Boot Hill Heroes is on the right track. Hopefully subsequent entries are even better, I'd hate to see such a promising start go to waste."
,Recommended,313470,14254179,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Big Bird III,"[Spoiler-Free Review]Setting an RPG in the spaghetti west just makes so much sense!Boot Hill Heroes is a modern RPG designed as a sort of homage to the glory days of the Role Playing and Wild West genres. The story is easy to follow and progresses at a snappy pace, the difficulty is forgiving (for the most part), and while it doesn’t allow for true‘save anywhere!’functionality, you’ll never feel locked-in to a play session beyond what your time allows. Despite being a linear experience overall, the game still manages to deliver a large scope RPGfeel(complete with unique characters, game mechanics, and plot twists and turns throughout).It isn’t just an Earthbound clone.What really distinguishes this game is the setting. Everything from the types of enemies you encounter, to the locales you visit, and the weapons at your disposal remain faithful to the genre and lend a sense of authenticity to the entire experience. It's charming and cohesive, with big entrances and over-the-top performances from a cast of characters the likes of which you’d expect to find in Vaudeville. I won’t give anything away but the characters (esp. the villains) are the true stars of the game and they don’t disappoint.This game has heart!Every character in the game is completely unique (in appearance and dialogue). It’s hard to imagine how much work went into creating a world, one character and one house at a time, but you'll notice how meticulously places are decorated and arranged. It's a small window into who they are and the way they live. In addition to the dinnerware, you’ll find livestock penned in barns and stables, people working the farms and such: towns feel alive.Hat MechanicHats are the means by which your characters change their appearances and acquire new abilities. They’re equipped, but don’t produce any defensive bonuses. This is crucial to what makes them work, once you've unlocked the skills associated with a new hat, you can choose to wear another hat for purely aesthetic purposes. In this way, you'll never have to worry about hats being outclassed by others discovered down the line. It’s a system that encourages experimentation. Receiving new hats throughout your adventure never feels old, you'll rush to try each one on as soon as you get them. Unfortunately there is some overlap in unlocked abilities so not every hat provides you with a completely new set of unlearned skills.The writing is clever and witty!Especially in battles where enemies are introduced and later eulogized depending on your performance. I wish there was a greater variety of phrases rather than one or two for each type of foe, but I always looked forward to seeing how they would come to grips with being defeated: I know at least one or two lives were changed thanks to my relentless beatings.Dialogue could use a bit of tightening up overall. In battles you'll sometimes get a message detailing every aspect of what an enemy attack does. Lick is probably the most egregious example of what I’m trying to describe here, “Weak physical damage with small chance for confusion that slightly heals the user.” Thankfully, the developer has demonstrated a willingness to address issues as they're identified.The graphics in battles aren’t the best…A bit rough around the edges shall we say? Don’t expect to be blown away. Some of the enemies look like they were created in MS Paint. In addition, the font style (all caps, some spacing issues) makes it somewhat difficult to read what’s being said at times. I’m not saying you can’t read it, I’m saying you’ll appreciate how easy it is to read text in other games.The Music/Soundtrack!!!Does the industry have an award for Videogame Music of the Year? What won? This is better.Missing content from PS Vita version?This is the definitive package, all content released on other platforms is being included in the Steam release.Post-Release Support?Boot Hill Heroes Part 1 is finished but new features have been added post-release (including a new mini map feature in the latest patch). Since the game is being spread out over multiple episodes, the developer has seen fit to reward early adopters by offering each DLC release free at launch (free for one week), the price then becomes $0.99 each. What does this mean? Buy the game now and get all future episodes for free.TLDR:If you've got any interest in RPG games of old, get Boot Hill Heroes. This game is special."
,Recommended,313470,13335905,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,34footfault,"Did you ever wonder what Earthbound: Wild West would look like?Of course you have, so play this game.If not, you're a sad person and need to play this game.If you don't know what Earthbound is, you're an even sadder person who really needs to play this game and then play Earthbound. Or the other way around, doesn't matter."
,Recommended,313470,13860359,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,J-Mac,"If you are a fan of SNES rpg's (Earthbound, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy), you'll like this game. It has that Earthbound asthetic which is pleasing to the eyes. There are also some Earthbound refences hidden in there as well. The developers worked hard on this game. The music is composed by Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman the composer for Shovel Knight, he is very talented, the music sets the tone. Great game, I highly recommend this game."
76561198073008866,Recommended,313470,13783838,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SirStrongBeard,"Great game, exceeded my expectations.If you're a fan of oldschool JRPG's you owe it to yourself to give this a shot. It's clearly heavily inspired by Earthbound (which is a good thing) but with plenty of it's own original flavor. The battle system in particular is much more engaging than most cookie-cutter rpg's you see these days and you can tell the whole project was made with a lot of love."
76561197995320314,Recommended,313470,12525321,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dracain,"This is truly an enjoyable western experience, bringing together JRPGs and westerns in an amazing way that makes for an incredibly fun game."
,Recommended,313470,14529231,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,fantaspezia,"I bought this game because it was the only one appearing researching ""Earthbound"", At first I didn't think so, but now I do think it reminds me of Earthbound, one of the best RPG I have ever played (I am speaking about the SNES game). It's original, lots of humour, nice charactors. I am loving itSome days later... I have finished the game.. not really. The game has not a real end and you'll fight most of the outlaws (all but one) in the next episodes. I am not too disappointed as I look forward to playing Boot Hill 2 and 3. It means this beautiful game is not over! I read there is a new DLC coming soon and I'll check the page everyday"
76561198021214198,Recommended,313470,12476002,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BaconMonster,"Do you like Earthbound, Western or just old timey RPGs in general? Yes?Then get this game."
,Recommended,313470,12474703,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ArchKali,"Really enjoying this so far. I have become tired of all the shoddy JRPGs that have good kernel ideas but ultimately become long tedious ventures into someone's scrapbook story.This game feels like it was built in its own JRPG engine (I have no idea if it was or wasn't) and it keeps alive, presenting new characters, NPCs and items all the time. The pixel art is great too.Only gripe is that sometimes the boundary cels are a bit sloppy - for example I can walk from a green lawn, right across a chimney top etc. I hope that extra attention is given to ironing those little details out now that the big stuff has been taken care of."
76561198030574451,Recommended,313470,12996826,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,realploot,"With a lot of Earthbound love, as well as some clear love for its Kickstarter backers, Boot Hill Heroes is a pleasant game to play through.Tossing aside its references to old-school games, Boot Hill Heroes holds up on its own merits.Its battle system is very fun (although you don't get to enjoy its full brunt until near the end), and the story is intriguing.Though there are some nitpicks, such as super-wordy NPC characters and clunky movemnt while on a horse, the game's positives far outweigh its negatives.Give it a try! I was glad I did."
,Recommended,313470,13674347,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fabio_andrews,"Until now I defeated Monty  Spades in the game and I like to say this is one of the most worthy PC games ever. Best of 2014. I simply love the chaotic yet beautiful multiplayer and the setting is amazing! Despite a few bugs now and there, it's a wonderful game! You won't regret it for sure! Hope to see more work like this in the future!^^"
76561198082098352,Recommended,313470,17459089,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,dragoon4,"I need more wild west RPG. I do recommend it for because this game combine fun battle sytem, great soundtrack and interesting story plus I don't think I ever saw any other RPG in wild west setting."
76561198061894901,Recommended,313470,26207217,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,PuMasterDanks,"***Very Possible Minor Spoilers***This review will cover what I think are the most important aspects of the game. If you feel like Tl;dr then here is the basic rundown. Get the game. Be sure to remember that this is only one part of a planned trilogy. So buy it with that in mind. Wait till discount if you must (I did). The gameplay and music is superb. The aesthetic is excellent if a bit unpolished and over the top. The story and writing is a bit generic and over the top at times but it will make you smile at points. Its short but sweet and it has a lot of heart. Overall, would recommend.Pros:- The music is great! You can't go wrong with Jake Kaufman. He balances the demands of a retro sound with a Western feel superbly.- The gameplay is absolutely solid. It is essentially a variation of the active time battle but instead of waiting for the character's turn you are waiting for their moves to charge. The same can be said for the enemies. This requires you to plan and strategise during battle as you have to not only decide what moves to do but to also anticipate what the enemy is going to do. The gameplay also borrows an aspect from games like Earthbound and Lufia 2 in that there are no random battles. Instead you encounter enemy sprites in the overworld and you enter a battle with them if you touch them. This gives you a chance to avoid battles entirely if need be. There is also a degree of customisability in the gameplay. You learn moves using hats in the same way that you would learn moves by being in different classes such as in the case of the Final Fantasy games. So you get to pick and choose what moves to bring to a fight as you are only allowed to use a max of four. Additionally, you can imbue your weapons permanently to inflict a variety of status ailments to enemies. However, different weapons have different amounts of slots to fill with imbuements so you have to choose wisely.- The aesthetic has a retro feel to it (especially in reference to Earthbound or Mother 2). While I personally think its pretty decent as it has its own unique Western charm, I do feel that it requires a bit more polish, eg some enemy sprites just look janky. The character design however is generally pretty decent especially in regards to the Saints-Little Gang despite some of the characters being very over the top. Also every character, including the NPCs, are unique. They even have unique looks and names. A lot of heart has gone into this aspect of the game.Cons:- They should have made it more explicit that this was the first part of a planned trilogy. While they do mention this in the description, it is highly misleading to not include something along the lines of ""part 1"" or ""episode 1"" as part of the title. This admittely a minor point, at least in my opinion, as I still think its worth the price although I would still recommend getting it when its discounted (I did).- The game is pretty damn short bearing in mind that I've finished the game and completed all the additional content, including the DLC. What do you expect for the first part of a trilogy? Seriously though I was completely blue balled that it ended when it did. I had just gotten the whole party together and the game ended. Overall though its still very enjoyable for its length.- The story and writing is ok if generic but they serve their purpose. A lot of the characters were downright silly and cheesy, like Blaze and Templeton Howl. Of course, this being a Spaghettti Western kind of I can of thing I can sort of forgive some of this as it is meant to be over the top I assume. There were no positives. Some of the dialogue made me smile and the mystique they built around the original Boot Hill Posse and the Saints-Little Gang was dealt with well I think. Also Doc while at first seemed like a Clint Eastwood man with no name rip-off (I mean come on he even looks like him) actually ended up being the most interesting character for me by the end of the game. *Minor spoiler* We learn what he was before in the old Boot Hill Posse, a doctor, and that he had a connection and possible grudge against one of the Saints Brothers. *Minor spoiler end* This created a pretty interesting dichotemy to his character and instantly made it so that he was the least two dimensional character in the game, of which there were many, at least in my opinion."
76561198068016023,Recommended,313470,19302636,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Thrashbeard,"I really hope the next two parts come out soon because I really enjoyed this game.  The spaghetti-western themes really make the story stand out and the gameply, while fairly traditional, works really well.  The music cuts out everynow and again which needs to be fixed.  This is a game that I've been waiting for and while I wish it had been released as a whole package, what I've played so far was fun."
,Recommended,313470,12495459,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,UltraDonkeyPunch,You can wear hats.
76561198019319990,Recommended,313470,15001330,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Admard,"Boot Hill Heroes is a charming and fun RPG that feels like it would fit right in with classics from the Super Nintendo.  The combat is quick and engaging, the setting is an Earthbound-inspired Old West, and the characters are colorful and enjoyable (if maybe a bit conventional).My biggest complaint thus far is that there's an achievement for having 50 eggs and the achievement title in no way references ""Cool Hand Luke."""
,Recommended,313470,12615092,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Slavoj Jizzek,"This is a wonderful little cartoon Wild West game that is highly reminiscent of Earthbound, primarily in regards to the graphics and following along with its theme faithfully. The jokes and writing are good, the story is serviceable. However, the gameplay is very uneven in my experience - combat is creative and varied but very unforgiving at times as well, with the primary 'improvements' system feeling a little underused with how rushed the plot and locations feel when going through them.It's a fine game and worth the price, but with those caveats in mind it's not for everyone."
76561198027716374,Recommended,313470,23970808,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kainminter,Wild Arms meets Earthbound.I like the gameplay and the look.I only wish they made it more aparent from the getgo that your dog is the save point.
,Recommended,313470,12541549,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Papa Nidoking,If you're a fan of classic SNES RPGs like Earthbound or FF6 this game is for you.
76561198002414094,Recommended,313470,12441994,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Stager,"Earthbound in the old west? Sold!Thoroughly enjoying it so far. Decent pixelart style, well-realized old west world and seriously, if you played and liked Earthbound, you'll probably like this. My only gripe so far is that it desperately needs a run button, or at the very least, riding your horse should make you go faster - all the walking around can be a bit of a slog with the slow movement speed."
76561197970887820,Recommended,313470,16507394,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"A retro RPG set in a whimsical take on the old west. The graphics are quite good with some expressive sprite animation that reminds me of good SNES era RPG's. The story is fairly straight forward and full of the usual western cliches, but its well enough told and builds to a good conclusion at the end of this chapter, certainly setting up interest for whats going to happen in the next chapter. The combat is turn based but each action needs a certain charge before it will perform, so a large part of the strategy in combat is timing, picking what moves to use and when. This really makes the combats quite tactical and raises them above the usual ""Pick an option from the menu and wait"" fare thats typical of older JRPG. Skills (""vantages"") are learned by wearing different hats, after each combat you will get a certain amount of skill points that will be assigned to the skill set the hat gives you, once you have earned enough for a skill you learn it permanently, even if you take the hat off. You can only have four skills equiped at once so this adds another wrinkle to the already interesting combat. All in all I had a great time with this game in the 15 odd hours it took me to complete, well worth the price.Pros:Good amount of content for the priceIts the wild westGood combat system that is deeper than you might expectCons:Some grindingFinal boss will murder your face (You can click retry until you beat him though)"
76561198076341391,Recommended,313470,19756787,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sss,"Pretty immersive - I played the whole thing with my girlfriend in a few days. Those nostalgic, sprite style graphics are quite charming. There's a big lot of indie games like that, I know, but some developers are especially meticulous in their pixel art as in this case. The plot is not as sophisticated as classic titles' (only people who played Chrono Trigger and the such will get what I mean), still amazing anyway, carrying a handful of quick-witted lines. Besides, the ethnic aspects were kindly depicted and that's a major plus... I hope that there really is a sequel. 8/10"
,Recommended,313470,12599625,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Angelican,I have a few problems with the inventory system when it came to buying / selling stuff and also not being able to understand opponent vantages off the bat (the vantage info option is too slow honestly) but this game's combat and music just outshines these flaws.
76561198177333039,Not Recommended,313470,33106564,Posted: 1 July,all,[TiC] Stronze,the game looks like it would be enjoyable but i cant get past the music.there is no option to shut off the music and it NEVER stops.
,Not Recommended,313470,29706023,Posted: 4 February,all,Prophet,"There isn't a game here. The screenshots and video seem to show off something more of a ""what could be"" feature list rather than what's actually in game.  And it's been forever since any actual updates, with no sight of the promised games that were apart of the ""saga."""
76561198078119757,Not Recommended,313470,12482729,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,GWody,"I've only played this game for about a hour and I'm already slightly disappointed in it.  It's been poorly programed in all aspects. I.E. Music suddenly stops in transitions, you're when  you walk ""behind"" a building your sprite is on the top of the building, sometimes when talking to people your character keeps walking in whatever direction you was pushing.  The storyline so far hasn't been terrible but it's not compelling enough to keep my attention.  The battle system itself seem like a good idea and is probably one of the better aspects of the game but also not enough to make me want to stay involved.  I suggest not buying this game at full price but if you can get it pretty cheap (which I did) maybe check it out."
76561198007884644,Not Recommended,313470,12445199,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ferdy,Boy am I having buyer's remorse over this one. The game is a buggy mess verging on unplayable. The combat is frenetic and confusing rather than tactical and thoughtful. The western drawl every NPC speaks in is amusing until one realizes every NPC in the game affects the same phrases and cliches. This game should have gone up as early access so people know what they're getting.
76561198021656095,Not Recommended,313470,14816143,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bohandas,I don't like the hybrid combat system
76561198027913617,Recommended,313470,29564458,Posted: 29 January,all,Zijus,"Boot Hill Heroes is pretty nice small rpg that reminds Earthbound but in classic western movies theme. Game is pretty short about 12 hours long without DLC. It was made by really small team, so you can see some unpolished graphics, small bugs, but not so many to be bothered.Most importat it is game with the heart and experience you get from it will not dissapare for long."
,Recommended,313470,17666834,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Octavarium,"A wonderful story enveloped in a fantastic soundtrack. There's a lot to love in this callback to the classic era. The combat system takes getting used to, and isn't as engaging as maybe I'd like, but it is different. Overall though, you're playing this game for its story, and its worth it."
76561198006986577,Recommended,313470,16604460,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"Considering Earthbound is my favorite game of all time, and this is a perfect homage to it, along with a western theme, this game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,313470,16124574,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Retro Perspective Gaming,"+ Unique tactical battle system + Strong setting, story and interesting characters + Amazing Soundtrack -Graphical and audio bugs  -  9/10Full review here:http://gamesnosh.com/review-boot-hill-heroes/"
,Recommended,313470,16501836,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RPG_Yahweh,"This game is awesome, while the first part of the story is rather short it is still worth the money, the game feels like an extension to the mother series and while playing it I couldn't help but think of mother 3 let alone when the game gives the occaisional wink to the player"
76561198008110711,Recommended,313470,12493026,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,bckh04,Still early but really like this game...The only complaint is we want the DLC added from the ps system..but it is very addictive..thumbs up
,Recommended,313470,13916734,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sundance Kid,♥♥♥♥ this game and it's bull♥♥♥♥♥♥insta-deaths.Edit: Naw this game is good. The insta-deaths are still bull but it good.
76561197989016746,Recommended,313470,15002535,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,TurnSpender,"I think you already know what this game is about and that's right. But just two things have to be noted.1. This game is short and kind of incomplete for now. I finished the main story with level of around 13, and story ends up with ""To be continued..."".2. Several bugs are present. Some are minor and can be ignored, but there is a chance of crash/freeze.Everything else met & exceeded my expectations. Combat system and soundtrack is especially superb! And 2 major cons I noted can be redeemed by DLCs and fixes in the future. The developer is very active at this moment and it's likely to happen.Yes, you should buy. Maybe it doesn't have to be now, but keep following!"
,Recommended,313470,14766286,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AMB 10,"tl;dr this game has a super-fun combat system and well-realized setting, but the pacing is uneven and it falls apart 2/3 into the game. Being a 3-part series does not excuse the sloppy narrative. Buy the game if you have even a remote interest in JRPGs (or if part 2 is already out), but as the game goes on, try not to get your hopes up.I've played Boot Hill Heroes for a hefty amount of time, and my verdict is that I'm both very pleased and surprisingly disappointed with it. Ultimately I recommend it because it's such a unique experience, but it was a tough verdict to come to for reasons I will explain below.To start, the combat is AWESOME. I'm not too familiar with JRPGs, so I don't know if this kind of stamina-based system is common, but I love it. It feels slow with just one person, but get a party of two or more and the combat hits that perfect balance of tension & action and statistics and calculation. The best of both worlds, so to speak.The setting is definitely interesting, something few games really visit. The game follows the typical JRPG storyline and some of those accompanying tropes, but it does so in a fresh way with a cast of characters both memorable and fun (aside from the blank slate of a main character). Each locale is filled to the brim with residents and you can spend hours just talking to everybody. The storyline is nothing crazy or riveting, but stories in games like this are mainly to shuffle the character from setting to setting, and the story arcs you have in between places are enough to keep you wanting more.More on the setting, it's interesting to see how the game handles not only the aesthetics of the time, but the social norms and values of the time. The protagonist is a country boy, looked down upon by many because of his age and his social status. In addition, the factions in this game boil down to cowboys and Indians. Neither of them like each other, and the game makes this known in a way that feels ambivalent yet humanizing. It clues you in to the fact that the native population has a big leathery boot stepping down on them without needing to resort to straight-up racism. It also serves as a unique vehicle for the plot, rather than the typical ""omg bad guys, let's stop them because why not"" arc.So, Polygon-esque observations aside, the game has a great setting and awesome combat. So why the difficulty in recommending this? Well, this is the first of a three-part series, but the pacing is awful and the endgame is frustrating, causing the game to fizzle out when it's just starting to get REALLY good. The protagonist and his motley crew of westerners spend about 2/3 of the game chasing one of the game's six bad guys, focusing unevenly on the main characters and shuffling you back and forth between them in ways that feel irritating and disorganized. Just when you start to get the hang of one character, the game yanks it away and hands you another. You don't even get all four party members together until that 2/3 mark, and unless you've got the DLC, they're really only together for one or two battles.And then there's the endgame, a flashback-based boss rush of all the bad guys. You don't have your characters that you've been spit-shining with modded weapons and sweet attacks; instead you get 2-4 loadouts depending on the scene and you fight these incredibly difficult bosses, dying over and over until you figure out their schtick and get it right. It's good in the sense that it lets you really understand how the different, interchangable moves work, but it's just a death march of trial and error until you FINALLY get it right. Also, if your medic dies at any point during one of these battles, you may as well just give up. The endgame hinges a little too much on pure luck.This in and of itself wouldn't be so frustrating if it weren't for the fact that the game kept crashing on me during this ONE particular part of the game. WIth the exception of a number of visual glitches, the game was completely stable until it came to this last section, and then all hell broke loose. Imagine having almost defeated a hair-pulling boss and then having the game crash. Now you have to load the game up, sit through the cutscene, and pray that you can kill the boss before the game craps itself again. Once I forgot to save in between battles and the game crashed, and I was SO close to just uninstalling the game and never touching it again.Plus, once this boss rush ends, the game's over. There's no denouement, no extra bits with your party (unless you got the DLC), nothing. You see the credits and get dropped off in one of the cities so you can visit about half of the world you travelled. It's extremely disappointing. The fact that this is going to be a three-part series does not mean narrative shortcuts get to be taken.So really, that about sums up my feelings on the game. Stellar setting and combat, but a lot of instability and some bad pacing and narrative choices. I guess in the end I ultimately like this game and can't wait to play more, especially since your save will carry over. If part 2 is already out, I say buy this game and the second part right now. If not, it might be harder to recommend unless you really like JRPGs, as the game fails to get the ball rolling until it is too late."
,Recommended,313470,15028132,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Last Time Lord,"The game is really fantastic. I've played some retro stuff, but I really can't recall ever playing a game that made me feel the same way I did when I played Chrono Trigger. The story is engaging and right off the bat sets up some characters (just at first glance from their sprites) that you immediately want to know more about.The old west setting, for an RPG, is both very unique and adapted well. The combat is excellent (I remember the first menu-driven combat where there was queue times for actions that you could affect in Grandia, I think...) and actually keeps me thinking for most of the battles rather than devolving into select Fight, select Fight, select Fight.A good way to sum it up is that if this was released for the SNES, it would be in the top 3 or 5 RPGs for the system. (Just to clarify, that's because this is the whole package. You could take any game today and just because of the graphics alone, it would have been revolutionary.) This would alos be an example of a game that would be on everyone's ""please make a sequel"" list.About the only issue I have with the game is that I wish the character sprites were a little less detailed - because I think you can get a lot of expression from the sprites in Chrono Trigger and FF Tactics even though, for instance, those sprites lack noses and sometimes mouths. Trying to make the sprites 30% larger in order to fit in the extra facial detail - while it works in theory, it loses some of the charm.So in short, I've seen retro games that are decent and give you an experience that is fun but largely relies on following tropes or tongue-in-cheek mocking them. But this is different, this actually feels like a new mid-90s Squaresoft RPG. They put in the effort to make use of the tropes, have some humor based off them, but more importantly go far, far beyond that to make a game that doesn't actually need nostalgia to get you to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,313470,12482799,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TiuFenris,"Update: Changing my review as I have played longer and the story basically outweighs the issues I've been having. Give it a shot, I expect patches and fixes will be coming.I will start off by saying that I enjoy the story and the gameplay. I will finish this game. My one warning is to grind. A lot. Even when you have nowhere to rest or recover wounds, because you will die. A lot. This isn't a bad thing.However... there are a lot of problems with this game. It crashes. Often. I have had to restart the game probably 15 times in the time I've spent on this game due to freezes.Also... don't use a controller (I use an Xbox wired PC controller), because when trying to select actions, the cursor just goes everywhere but where you want it to go. Movement is the same. It's hard to be accurate.And what I said about combat being hard? It would be a good thing if you didn't have to juggle 4 ATB gauges in real time. It's nigh impossible on big fights where you have to keep dodge up constantly and rotate in attacks and heals when you can. (Not to mention menu options randomly turn on and off)Trying to get one keyboard and one controller working... doesn't. Can't get it to work at all, even when you set each character for the proper controller/keyboard. So co-op basically isn't working.I suggest waiting until this has been updated more for fixes. Then it will be worth the cost."
