user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,313630,32468537,Posted: 16 June,all,MapleSyrup,"I played through this game with the HTC ViveIt's difficult to describe, TSP creates a very deep and convincing atmosphere, like you have been cut off from the rest of the human race and are truly very very alone.Pros- General Atmosphere- The various extreme alien weather events are frickin scary!- Map design and detail- The unfolding story as you explore and learn more is intriguing- Voice acting is good- Satisfying length, took me about 13-14 hours over several sessions (Playing in VR is Tiring)Cons- I was quite underwhelmed with the ending, considering all the work you go through to obtain completion- A pretty hefty amount of Horsepower is required to run TSP in VR, I was able to almost max out the game (With a GTX 1080) but lower tier ""VR Ready"" GPU's might have some trouble- Using the Teleportation disc shooter thingy to pass into locked areas is way too easy (in VR)Please Rate this review if it helped you out :)"
76561197985429567,Recommended,313630,25938952,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pillbox,"FINALLY a game worth playing in VR! If you have the VIVE get this game! I am so sick of games for VR being extended tech demos. This is the real deal, when the rain starts up and then a tornado hits in VR its EPIC!!!! Very scary and enjoyable. This is the first review I have ever written and I have been with steam since HL2 was the new hotness. in short I LOVE this game in VR. I can't wait for more fleshed out games, the tech is there the games are not.... This is a glimpse of the future God Bless You Guys and keep up the good work!!!!"
76561198066253605,Recommended,313630,23101997,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SABINA,"“Two possibilities exist: Either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.”―Arthur C. Clarkehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=687073782The Solus Project is among the most engrossing games I've played. The creators have clearly put a lot of time and thought into creating this world and its story. While still in Early Access, it is important to note that the current content and gameplay is complete and polished. Regular updates add more content and areas to explore. And exploration is where this game shines.Stranded on an alien planet, with an unstable, volatile weather system, you must survive to make contact with a humanity that has lost it's home and desperately needs a new one. As you search the open-world for parts to build a communications tower and survival goods, as well as try to survive the richly atmospheric weather, you begin to reveal a deep story behind the planet's inhabitants. The mounting level of intrigue, even horror at times, is expertly written and delivered. Anyone at all interested in aliens/ancient aliens lore will be immediately swept into the story and begin to formulate theories of their own.“The land through which we have gone, in spying it out, is a land that devours its inhabitants; and all the people whom we saw in it are men of great size. There also we saw the Nephilim, the sons of Anak; and we became like grasshoppers in our own sight, and so we were in their sight."" -Numbers 13:32-33http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=688004825The story seems to hint at ideas most popularly written by the likes of Zechariah Sitchin and Erich von Däniken, concerning such things as Nibiru (the theoretical tenth planet in a much wider elipse of the sun), Sumerian myths concerning the Annunaki, and the much interpreted biblical passages concerning the Nephilim, more widely written about in the apocryphal Books of Enoch.""The Nephilim were on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when the sons of God (bene Elohim) came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children to them.""  Genesis 6:4http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=687074677At its heart, The Solus Project is an exploration game. The game world is beautifully rendered with UE4 and highly optimized for any machine. While it is tagged as a survival game, it doesn't have some of the common elements of EA open-world survival games such as crafting menus and base-building. This absence does not detract from immersion in any way. The story touches on themes that no other game has ever touched, remarkably so, because it is a rich treasure trove of fascination, mystery and intrigue, and yes, as Arthur C. Clarke so famously said; absolute terror."
76561198054354426,Recommended,313630,32339008,Posted: 11 June,all,bradwfarris,"I really like this game (without the survival aspect). I know the survival genre is really popular right now, so this may not apply to very many, but if you're like me and don't enjoy constantly eating and drinking to keep yourself alive there is an option. Simply adjust the difficulty multiplier to zero in the game's settings. Now you're free to explore the beautifully crafted planet and learn all its mysteries without survival. Keep in mind it's not a ""god mode"" and other things can still kill you, just not hunger, thirst, or body temp. Final verdict: awesome game, well worth the money."
,Recommended,313630,23565270,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Rainer,"Review is based on the non VR version of the game.I am fascinated by the end of the world topic / exploring a distant alien planet and this kind of ScFi adventure games as such. This game delivers it all in very good quality! I’ve been following its development since 2013 and now I have seen the end!The main objective is to reestablish the radio transmission / call out for help. But this isn’t as easy as it seems at first glance. You have to survive the extreme climate (tornadoes, storms, meteors, etc.) and the deadly/dark secrets buried beneath the surface of this hostile planet. This journey can be done with a female or male character.The world (vast!) setup: 5 islands, 10 levels, 60 locations, 118 secrets and 513 documents to discover, if desired.  So make sure that you complete all your objectives, to avoid additional backtracking.Gameplay: First person, main focus is clearly exploration, but with survival elements. (Look for shelter, food, water, etc.) Difficulty multiplayer 0-100% available, select between easy and hardcore mode. (…never seen this before in any game) The following character parameters can be influenced by “artifacts”: Health and Inventory limit, Movement & Resistances: Hypothermia, Heat stroke, Starvation, Dehydration and Falling. “Easy to go crafting; combine 2-3 items”. You can save your progress almost always, when you're sleeping.Graphics (Unreal Engine): Amazing day and night cycles. The very decent graphics, with great attention to detail, reflected in diversified level design fills the planet and its hazards with life. There are a lot of settings to adjust the details of graphics quality. (Presets, VSync, Field of view, etc.)Sound: Realistic, well done quality of waves, thunderstorms, the howling of the wind, etc.There are very atmospheric, selectively placed elements of music.Score:  The story and dense atmosphere kept me hooked from the very beginning till the bitter end…! Clear recommendation! 9/10"
,Recommended,313630,25864158,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ArizonaTea,"Excellent game, one of my new favorites for exploration/puzzles in first person. The storyline moves really well, the graphics and textures are on point. The first ten minutes can be a little daunting as you understand how to combine items and how the game's flow is going to be but after that it carries onward. If you aren't interested in storylines you might not find this as good just from a puzzle perspective. There's no combat at any point, either. It plays a little like Amnesia but somehow feels like Portal 2 in terms of the atmosphere. I haven't found nearly all the locations and ""secrets"" that are in the game yet, as I was driven to complete it and understand the full story. The story itself is something unique and interesting, not much can be said about it without giving too much away though.The controls all made sense and managing health/thirst/hunger/sleep seems daunting at first but is manageable once you realize where the game is going to put resources for you. The only bug I encountered was with the inventory. Sometimes the inventory would disappear when you move your mouse and you'd have to do this multiple times before you could actually switch items. You can use the keyboard to do this too, but in some situations time was of the essence.The only negative part of the game is the male protagonist's voice acting. It's just terrible all-around. The quality of the voice isn't the issue as much as his acting, which is disjointed and awkward sounding. The character speaks probably less than ten times throughout the game, giving short audio diaries to send home that you listen to, but each time given the circumstances he's in at the moment his attitude and demeanor is entirely inappropriate which draws from the immersion of the game. I'd say his acting is on par with a high school theater student. Even without a change to the script, replacing his lines with a more capable voice actor would carry the game a lot further in the long run. I'm not sure how the female voice is, but I will try that option for my next playthrough."
76561197968546721,Recommended,313630,24433591,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ElectricZ,"Have a Vive and want a full game experience? Pick this up. Bought it for Vive and were frustrated by the controls? Update it and load it again - it's like a brand new game.FIrst for the people who tried it and walked away because of the ""In Prgoress"" controls. The 1.02 patch released today adds the ability to point a controller in the direction you want to go while free-looking. You can D-pad move or teleport, your choice, on the fly. And most importantly, the game interface now supports the Vive controllers. This was HUGE for me. No more clicking through your inventory one at a time. No more guessing which item will come up. No more crafting nightmares. No more trying to remember which button does what, because it's all look at the screen and direct select what you want. On top of that, your PDA is now functional by pressing the buttons with the other controller for the objective screen, sleep, status, and even zoom. This pretty much addresses every problem I had with gameplay, that turned exploration into a chore as I fumbled for light or tried to refill my canteen or get some shuteye. Instead of rushing through the game to finish, I now want to explore every nook and cranny and with this new control scheme I plan to do just that. So - if you bought SP for your Vive but quit because it made you want to stomp your controllers, update it, fire it up and give it another go. It's totally worth it (especially since you already bought it, right?)If you don't have it yet, the new VR additions make it a must buy VR experience. There aren't any other real adventure/exploration games out there yet. Bear in mind this isn't a shooter but more of a dungeon crawl. It's closer to Tomb Raider than Mass Effect. There's no combat, only traps and enemies to avoid, and an environment that's trying to kill you. But it's a way cool environment, with islands and caves to explore, ancient catacombs, some really interesting plants and animals and an interesting mystery that almost works until the end.But Solus Project put me on an alien planet. I can't think of higher praise for a VR title. I believed I was on another world with its own weather, climate, tides, etc. I wanted to explore, and by the end of the game as I started firguring out where things were and how things worked, my little base camp on top of a cliff started feeling like home.  Even with all of the issues I had with the ocontrols prior to this current version, I had to keep going. Just when I was getting tired of the beach, I found the caves. I got tired of seeing the caves, here come some ruins... And after the ruins? The game kept throwing new things at me right about the time I started thinking ""is this all there is to this game?"" Right now, I don't think there's another game that can touch it for absoulte immersion.As for the gameplay itself, like I said, think Tomb Raider over Mass Effect. The story moves along like a lot of other standard adventures with written and audio logs. What interaction you have with plot elements are all scripted but flow well. There's a survival element which is fun at first but can become a drag, though the longer you explore the stronger you can get and the less you have to do it (plus now you won't have to fight the lack of an inventory screen - made surivival a HUGE hassle.) There is also a minor horror element to it, more psychological than anything and there are some hugely effective moments as you start to think ""Did I just see that"" which later turn into ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I AM seeing this and it's kinda freaking me out..."" There are one or two jump scares as well, which if you're not careful will make you jump through a virtual door and run into your physical wall. This too, is high praise for a video game but no joke, I heard a noise behind me,  turned and saw something nasty charging me and tried to leap out of the way on reflex and smacked right into the wall in the real world. Again, high praise for making me forget I was in my living room.The game still has some flaws... IMO the story doesn't have a solid ending, it's possible to abuse room scale to get through locked doors, and there still aren't loading screens in VR which mean you see your VR lobby in between levels.Also, if you're not into exploration, this isn't the game for you because that's the hart of this game: wanting to see what's around the next corner. Solus Project delivers that in spades, and with this latest Vive patch it's finally a top tier VR experience."
76561197970083635,Recommended,313630,23442179,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SciBoy,"Finished the game just now. Plenty to do for the intrepid explorer. Nice creepy atmosphere with just the right amount of danger. Navigate large areas, keep cool, keep warm, sleep, eat and find fantastic scenery, motivating clues and a story that is actually interesting.Only downside was that the ending was predictable (and as such, I feel there should have been some sort of option for the player to change it).All in all, highly recommended for anyone with any interest in SciFi and/or survival-games."
,Recommended,313630,26270793,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,El Geo,Girlfriend loved it and she hates everything lol
76561197966328375,Recommended,313630,23608298,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,zbest,"5/5 Stars, absolutely would recommend!This is a VR review of the game.Are there flaws with the VR? Yes. Could it have been done better? Yes. That said, this is still the single best experience so far for the HTC Vive I've played, approximately 40 or so games/experiences (Haven't played starseed yet).The Cons:-Movement can be worked on a bit as it's all over the place regarding which implementation your using. This could arguably be a good thing as well, as you have the opportunity for both normal locomotion and teleporting.-Inventory system is extremely weak and a bit frustrating clicking through until you get to the item you want.-You need a beefy PC. I'm running a 8 core extreme i7 and a 980ti and still had to turn down the settings. The resolution scale should be at 150% no matter what or its blurry but the game still looks fantastic. Disable AA as its making the experience worse.-VR controls not intuitive. If I have a torch, I should be able to light a candle by bringing the flame close. Little things like this break immersion but again this wasn't built ground up for VR.Now for the Pros:-Stunning atmosphere. The game feels amazing and I quickly forget where I actually am. The music, the scenery, the sound effects all work seamlessly to create an amazing experience.-Tension. The game is not a horror game, at least not up to where I am, but it has an amazing tension that is building as I play. No jump scares, but definitely a healthy presence of danger and threat. This is amplified by VR and is quite frankly amazing.-Mystery. This game does a brilliant job at showing you there's something going on but not telling you outright. Its a great balance between trying to find clues while exploring as you progress through the game. Many secrets to be found.-One of the biggest and most important pros are that the Devs are vocal in the community. They're on reddit taking feedback and using it to fix many of the issues we're seeing. The most recent update fixed many of these issues immediately.-Content. As far as the content goes, I would say that this game as 2-3 times as much content as the next highest game on the vive(excluding simulators). This is the first real roomscale game that you can take time to enjoy as you're playing through it and exploring. As great as vanishing realms is, this game has much more meat than just 2 hours!All in all, the pros vastly outweigh the cons and this is a game any vive owner should have. It's truly a shame that the work in progress feature they added (VR) caused it to have so many negative reviews when it clearly says its not ready and in an alpha state. Please note that while the VR is not finished and not perfect, this game MORE than deserves your time and money. If this were any other Vive game, the price should be over 100$ based on the content equivalent of similar Vive games, at 20$ this is an absolute STEAL.Please support the developers and write them a good review as this game is exceptional and the few people who cant read that VR is a work in progress, should not tarnish its reputation.5/5 Stars, absolutely would recommend!"
76561197970343237,Recommended,313630,23427735,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Masa,"One of the best, if not the best game to date for the Vive in terms of immersion.  Worth every penny and a must have if you have a Vive."
,Recommended,313630,30708422,Posted: 24 March,all,Berta,"The Solus Project - detailed reviewThe Solus Projectis an adventure-type game, in which you have to survive on a human-unfriendly planet, where meteor rains and deadly tornadoes are common aspects of living. Your task is to communicate with the mother-ship, however the communication system is broken. As you try to fix it, it turns out that you aren't the first human-like creature to live on that planet.Gameplay conceptThe game puts emphasis on storytelling and atmosphere. As developers mentioned, the game also consists of exploration and survival, but don't take these as major elements. Survival itself isn't demanding and you are guided where to go in order to continue. Unless you want to explore deeper, optional areas - to find out every secret hidden in the game - you won't have any problems.ProsMusicBeautiful, ambient music composed by Jonas Kjellberg accompanies you through the entire journey. It changes depending on where you are, what you are doing and whether you are in danger or not. I have to admit that without so magnificent music this game would be much worse experience.StoryRich in secrets, complex environment pays off for rather linear story with no side quests. There are plenty of references to famous alien-like movies, books, etc., but I won't mention them here (find them!). Story idea itself is quite genuine and well told. It also does contain some horror-like elements, which, together with magnificent music mentioned above, creep you out very well. Great!Graphics & visual performanceCongratulations to developers! Smoothly rendered and good quality graphics are hard to achieve, but here it couldn't have been done better. I haven't experienced any lag issues so far and had all the chunks loaded before entering a certain location - perfect!ConsPoor fauna/floraWhile locations like alien structures or caves are really detailed and diverse, flora and fauna could be much more improved. It simply lacks variety, even for the planet with surface created of rocks. Why not add bird-like creatures, if we already can hear them in the game, some fish living in the ocean or stone-like plants chilling at the beach - huge field to fill the game with details, yet not used for anything.SurvivalUnlimited torch fire. Unlimited water source in every cave. Unlimited food and water every checkpoint. Multiple full food/water recovery snacks found everywhere. Plenty of rockets filled with resources dropping from mother-ship. Come on guys, how is it survival? Even while exploring some deeper areas never was I even close to dying from thirst or hunger. And that's almost the harderst difficulty level. In addtion, nearly all puzzles could be solved in seconds and multiple traps found both in caves and alien buildings definitely couldn't be described as ""deadly”. I actually used the fire ones to warm myself in cold areas. Smart, isn't it?OverallTo conclude, The Solus project is a beautiful, astonishing game. Its main strengths are story and atmosphere, yet it lacks diversity in planet nature and survival aspects. I strongly recommend it to every adventure seeking person!Score: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,313630,21343295,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Knux,"Not multiplayer survivalNot procedurally generatedNot a mining gameNot a game where you have to build your own rudimentary shelter from the first wood type that you find.Finally.So far, I'm having a blast.  This game is immersive and mysterious.  I can't wait to see what I'm about to find out next."
76561198059670127,Recommended,313630,28282586,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Choicecut,"Literally speechless. This game in the VIVE is completely indescribable and something I have never felt in any game. It was so freaking immersive and beautiful, with the right blend of suspense and atmospheric challenge. I want more!!! This is what VR should be all about!!If you have a VR headset, you owe it to yourself to run through this game in its entirety."
,Recommended,313630,25214497,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,genoforprez,"Holy sh** this game is captivating. All the negative reviews are from VR kids who don't like the VR implementation. If you don't care about VR, then there is no reason not to buy this. Absolutely worth the full $20.It's a survival game, but there are more things to be mindful of than in most survival games. Ways you can fail to survive include:--Starvation--Dehydration--Hypothermia--Overheating--Exhaustion (lack of sleep)--Physical damage to body (falling, etc)The game makes all of these even more challening by putting you on a planet with volatile temperature and weather conditions. One minute the temperature is below freezing so you have to huddle in a cave throwing sticks on a fire while waiting for the cold front to pass, then the next minute it's blistering hot so that you have to run from shade to shade to keep your body temp from rising too high. And of course you have to stay on top of food and water.Unlike other survival games, there is no farming---only gathering. And there is technically no storage, although you can still hoarde piles of things because the game will remember where you dropped them.Also unlike other survival games, there is a narrative and an overarching goal to this game. It's not just a game of seeing how long you can survive---you're also trying to scavenge materials from crash sites to build a satellite uplink. There are also huge caves and dungeons to explore (be sure to bring food, water, and light!)---not to mention loads of secret items as exploration rewards.If you like survival gameplay but also like exploring and having a definite end goal, then this game is worth every cent.I emphasize again that this review pertains to the regular, non-VR experience.*edit*Updating this review because it's also worth noting the following:--This is first and foremost an adventure/exploration game, but there are some survival elements as described above. HOWEVER. The game lets you tweak the survival settings to make them more intense or, if you prefer, make them completely negligible so you can focus on just the exploration (which is also fantastic!). So FYI if you like exploring but dislike survival.--By default the game uses the metric system. But if you were born in stubborn America, like me, then the game options can be tweaked to use Fahrenheit / ounces / miles / etc.--By default the protagonist is male, but you can switch to a female voice in options (mostly just your typical grunts and groans, but the protagonist DOES talk occasionally, so take your preference).*/edit*7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,313630,23480702,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tenko,"The Solus Project is too simplistic to be a survival game, too easy to be an old-school adventure game, and too linear and dull to be an exploration game.Survival elements in the game are so dumbed down, they're pointless. Your character doesn't starve or dehydrate as quickly as actual survival games and you have easy access to unlimited food and water at frequent resting spots throughout the game, and other food/water items are easy enough to find anyways. Crafting is extremely limited, with too few items and combinations. Surviving the planet's climate extremes is marginally better, but you spend the majority of the game underground in low temperatures, and you get access to a heating ball fairly early on that renders most of the surviving parts irrelevant.The game's attempt at 'puzzles' is laughably poor. They are either (1) find key to stick in lock/device, (2) put rocks on pressure plates to open door, (3) step on/operate mechanism to select clearly-marked symbol, and if we're being really generous, (4) press button to open door. None of these would ever count as real puzzles in any other game, but this is the best The Solus Project can do. Clearly, this was meant to be the spiritual successor to developer's previous game The Ball only because it involves giant metal spheres as plot devices.And finally, the exploration is limited. You start on a very small island with terrain that, while not completely impassable, locks you into only a handful of paths, most of which just lead you to the single cave/ladder entrance to the island's underground. From there it's a single underground path to travel through, hitting the occasional large space that, again, has a single entrance and single exit, any number of the previously-mentioned non-puzzles, and then you hit the loading screen that takes you to the next island, where you do it all over again. In theory, you can try and wander everywhere to find the secrets the game keeps count of. You could just pull out the teleporter and squeeze yourself into every nook and cranny, or start jumping around the rocks to get places, but what's the point? The secrets you find are items that boost your survival stats, but the survival gameplay as described earlier is completely pointless.And it's not like the setting and story are interesting enough to explore, either. You're basically just walking through the same-old tunnels to find just different varieties of underground temples with different collections of skeletons inside. You figure there would be an interesting story to them, but The Solus Project also falls apart here. The game's only way of communicating is to make you read exposition from these giant stone tablets that your tricorder-like Wilson device translates for you. It's clunky and uninteresting, and you quickly get bored of stopping to read everything.Overall, The Solus Project is a terrible game. If you want a survival game, go buy a real survival game. If you want an adventure game, get one with actual puzzles. If you want something with an interesting world to explore, there are a ton of other options that aren't even open-world. Whatever it is you want, The Solus Project isn't it. Save your money and your time."
76561198117691736,Recommended,313630,28084753,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RyerStar,"You wake up to a foreign sky. The moment you step out you are greeted by a meteor rain or a closing tornado. You turn around and you see an ominous planet just over the horizon.Welcome to Gliese, the mysterious planet on which the Solus Project takes place.The game is described as an advanced environmental survival-exploration game with very mild horror elements. And it's just that. You walk/run around looking for clues to what happened to the other ships from the expedition trying to survive as the planet isn't very friendly – the weather changes from heat to chill, heavy rains, meteor showers, tornadoes may occur instantly and you better run for cover. There are a lot of documents, diaries, photos scattered around and by reading them the player starts learning about the Solus Project and what caused it.At its core the game is a walking simulator, there are very few hostile creatures and your main concern should be looking for food and water and surviving the climate changes, you have no firearms just a teleporting device. And here is where the main problem lies IMO. Most of the time you have to babysit the survivor. Especially annoying is that he gets tired and needs to sleep every 10-15min even after sleeping for 8hrs on a mattress and a pillow. You start exploring an area, tornado/meteors/heavy rains interrupt your exploration, you have to look for cover and wait for the weather to stabilize. Finally you go exploring again and just after a few steps you hear “Operator tired, sleep advised”. You can choose to ignore it but the suit AI won't stop repeating it every 60sec. Or “Operator wet and cold, temperature dropping”. OMG, is the “operator” a trained interstellar explorer or just a boyscout-wanna-be?Aside from that, The Solus Project is a nice exploration game. It has good graphics, interesting story, no bugs or any other setbacks. If you are into stories, exploration, loneliness – this game is for you."
,Recommended,313630,24444577,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ℛᵸᵞᵗᵸᵐᶳ ♫,"This game was suggested for me by my Steam Queue, and by the trailer alone I knew this was my kind of game. Gladly I wasn’t wrong. I am a big sucker for Sci-fi stories, and very recently I have been finding out I’m a fan of survival games. This game is a delightful mix of both elements.I have to mention that the Story part is stronger than the survival one, but just one bit. This, however was no problem for me, since I enjoy a good story. And this game kept me on the edge of my seat while I was figuring out what happened in the planet I crashed into.Talking about the planet, the atmosphere of the game is amazing, climate is always changing and even when most of this changes are dangerous for you, are still a sight to behold. This is one of the things this game doesn’t lack, great visuals enhanced even more by a great use of soundtrack and sfx’s.Now, there is a horror-survival side of this game, however I wouldn’t call it much “horror” as it is creepy, which at least in my opinion, it’s 10 times better. Because the times you can get scared in this game does not rely on cheap jump-scares. But in its ability to keep you “uncomfortable” in an environment that you are not familiar with, and why would you? It is an alien planet after all!This element of the game intensifies as you get deeper into the dark caves and unveil secrets which I won’t spoil any further!--There is however, an issue that it’s worth mention for AMD Fx users such as me. Apparently there is a “hiccup” with this processor and the audio used for this engine (Unreal 4) which causes the game to freeze at some points when the game is loading. Which is obviously a minor inconvenience.That being said, I can testify the devs have been working hard to find out the source of this problem and facilitated a patch for us AMD fx users, which can easily be found in the discussion forums.--Anyway, even with all that, I still recommend this game because you can tell how much work was put into it. One of my best gaming experiences in the latest years.And an even stronger recommendation if you are Sci-fi fan like me.Pros:- Engaging story- Great use of visuals, sound and music- Lots of secrets to discover- Big areas to wander around and exploreCons:- Audio glitches (for AMD Fx)- Survival can get a little too easy some of the times (For hardcore survival players)"
76561198113458216,Recommended,313630,28910632,Posted: 1 January,all,Cool Breeze,"At one point I was so horrified that I turned the game off, walked out my front door and had a beer to try and shake the feeling, later that night I had a disturbing cold-sweat nightmare.Best played w/ headphones on max volume and maybe an adult diaper.10/10"
,Recommended,313630,26479963,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,STURM-KATTEN [SC-KL],"This is a really impressive story game that presents you elements of survival, exploration and treasure-hunting.I really liked it, especially buying it at half price, I thought it was excellent value for money - at the sale price only. My reason for this is because it is a one-play linear game. As soon as I had completed it, my enjoyment there ended. Reading the text within the game, (the notes left by people there, or signs carved into walls etc), played a part in my enjoyment-for-money, so I recommend reading what you can, but it is not essential. I even made my own alphabet and was able to decypher the alien language, it really is accurate! (I even found a translation mistake on one of the slabs of text, but I was able to translate what it said myself, so that was rather fun in itself lol!)Even though the fun is over now for me, I will say that the game most likely requires a re-play because there are some very well-hidden secrets to be found! I would replay it for the completion factor I think.These secret treasures combine to 'upgrade' your survivability stats and are banked as soon as you obtain them. I would only replay the game to find all secrets for the completion factor, not for the upgrades, since I enjoyed the difficulty and challenge of the survival element. Oh and if you are a hard-case, you can make it hard, so don't worry about collecting the secret treasures.It pays to keep paying attention to your vital stats, featured on your hand-held device. You need to do whatever you need to to survive and that involves preventing numerous ways that you can die from happening. So make sure you box - clever. With this in mind, I will give you some helpful advice about what you are likely to encounter in the game;1) At the start of each area/level, you will encounter small 'worship shrines', 6 ft high pointed stones, standing in the ground (that are actually spelled 'woship' lol, but hey never mind). What these are telling you is how many artifacts, secret treasures, are to be found in that area/level, which is neat because that will be useful for the second play-through.2) Secondly, you will come across 'Cargo Manifest' crates, that list certain items of use, but the cargo box appears to be empty. What are they? Well, these are telling you what special items are to be found in that given area/level - much like the shrines that tell you about the hidden artifacts! (I had to google to find this out, since I found it confusing and didn't get it). This did not ruin the game, since I enjoy having to find things out for myself and not have my game played for me or my hand held. However, it may as well be given as advice to save time for those who just want to get on with the game.As you adventure along in this Alien world you come across different items that you can decide for yourself if you want them or not and yes.. there is no 'right or wrong'. You only need food, water and sleep to survive, so your inventory is yours for the making. I liked that.However, I'm not sure why some objects were there in the game, what role they actually played because for me, I didn't find much use for them. Nevertheless, this did not spoil the game at all for me, I enjoyed unravelling the mystery cave by cave, engraving by engraving and with every turning of a key, which unlocked more of the game as I played.I do recommend this game, as long as you don't mind not having any guns. Still.. you can always make a Hammer.."
,Recommended,313630,26796789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aleal,It has really nice story with beautiful graphics! :)
76561198006363388,Recommended,313630,21311133,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,CoLS Firestar,"Do you like Exploration games that are more complex than walking simulators?Do you enjoy games with a few puzzles that aren't overly complex?Do you like Survival games?Do you like pretty graphics?Are games with combat and guns considered too stressful for what you want to play right now?If you answered 'Yes' to any of the above questions, you should consider purchasing this game."
76561198021603006,Recommended,313630,21360063,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,StrangerDanger,"Great game, enjoying it immensely. Especially impressive coming from such a small dev team.  The level designer (Sjoerd de Jong ) is a genius with UE4 unreal engine.  Just watch some of his tutorials on constructing the world of Gliese, very clever.The game focus is on exploring the island and the secrets it holds.  Yes, there’s some crafting and health management, but it’s not too intrusive (unless on higher difficulties) You can freely wander around, or follow the storyline, it’s up to you how you play the game. If you liked “the Martian” you'll like this."
,Recommended,313630,25975813,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Roasty Toasty,"This game is amazing. Just. Amazing. The next level atmosphere, the incredible story. Uncovering the history of this species just gave me thrills. It's a generaly long game, but I never felt like I was slaving away trying to do some sort of useless puzzle. No. In this game you are always doing something productive. It's like you can never get bored because every area is different. In short, I loved this game.The only complaint I had was the ending. I feel like the game could've even gone on a little while longer.  The ending was very short. I just felt like it didn't fit with the rest of the game. But otherwise I loved it. I have never felt so involved in a game.10/10 worth every penny!"
76561198073677363,Not Recommended,313630,26269635,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Selfless,"In the end I am satisfied to have played it through but am also glad it is now over.  Not sure how to define but it took actual effort to keep playing.  I never found myself engaged to the game but played it through just to give it every chance to connect 'cuz I wanted to like it but never did.  Makes me wish there was a ""meh"" rating.Some mechanics are complex and well implemented, others are just there.  Has video slow down issues on a low-end system even with lowest settings.No combat.  Walking puzzle game with survival elements.  Navigate a guided path to piece together a story while collecting an array of fantastic tools.  Some of it is spooky.  Violent themes.Mostly twisting subterrainian exploration dependant on maintaining light sources and navigation without a gamemap but with navigation beacons.  Must also manage food and water supplies but there is a lot of it around so mostly just remember to pick it up when you see it then eat/drink if you get hungry/thirsty.  And there's avoiding the cold with fires and such.  And sleeping periodically in places where it's not cold.  You'll figure it out after it kills you a few times."
,Recommended,313630,25725673,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Captain Ghost,"The Solus Project is a game that is not perfect, but works well with what it is. Focused on basic survival around drinking water, managing heat/cold, and fighting hunger wrapped up in a linear narrative, this game is focused on a combination of seeking secrets while managing one's own failing condition. The game's narrative itself is the focus of the game, don't expect crafting to hold your interest. It's pretty basic at best and mostly used to limit your access to certain items. There's a reason why a lot of fear in the game comes from losing your torch. Though I'll say that it will be nothing compared to that one small section.I will say the ending is kind of weak, felt kind of like they weren't sure how to advance the story more. Otherwise, enjoyed almost every moment of this game."
,Recommended,313630,23451492,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MahtXL,"From the hour i played, ill be sticking with the game to the end. Echoes of myst and classic 90s exploration/dungeon crawlers are all over this game, with a sci fi theme. Also noticed a few easter eggs/ nods / connections to THE BALL, the devs previous game. If you are looking for a laid back, puzzle solving, exploration game this has got you covered. And if you want an insanely difficult survival experience at the same time theres a difficulty slider in the options for you, making eating, drinking, staying dry, not jumping off high cliffs, etc very important as you progress through the world. Something here for every type of gamer, from the explorer not wanting an overly difficult survival game (me) to the most hardcore masochist, its got you covered. Just dont let a twister kill you within the first 5 mins like it did to me :c"
76561198049819329,Recommended,313630,21319280,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,echo1,"Verdict: A Galactic success story.Before I describe to you, as to why the Solus Project is a phenomenal game, I must admit that I was at first dubious as to how immersive the gameplay would feel and how much replayibility it would have. Having played for almost 3 hours, I realise my concerns were unfounded and here is why:SimulationYou start the game marooned on an alien world but it has traces that an Egyptian type civilisation once inhabited this world. Hieroglyphics depicting gods being praised by their worshippers adorn the walls of the the subterranean underworld. Water drips down the stalagmites, its drops signifying health reguvenation is close at hand. Alien plant species strike from the shadows, breaking your visor and splattering it with blood. You will need a medkit or sleep to heal your wounds from this beautiful yet deadly ecosystem.VisualsThe game is near photorealistic in its depiction of life on this hostile planet. The sea glistens and undulates to the rhythem of the tide, a day and night cycle creates unimanginably gorgeous panoramic scenes, cave interiors beckon to be explored with their incredible colour palettes and glistening stones. Asteroid strikes light up the sky with trails of fire and smoke, striking nearby scarring the landscape with their tremendous force. Of all the games in my librabry, this is by far the most visually stunning game I own (80+ games with a GTX 980)Some screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=627672742http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=627698265http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=627700934AdventureWhilst this is no sandbox, the parametres to explore are wide and there is a deep sense of accomplishment when you discover a humanoid clutching a sword which can be used for a multitude of purposes. Kindling can be lit to ensure you keep warm after suffering from hypothermia, or shade can be used to reduce the impact of heat stroke. An advanced monitoring device held in your characters left hand indicates all your vital signs and even reminds you that you need to sleep!PerformanceThis game does not perform like an EA game. There is no stuttering, no erratic fps drops, no sudden crash. It runs silky smooth even during natural events such as  earthquakes, tornadoes etc. On my GTX 980 laptop I'm getting 50fps at 3k resolution.ValueFor just under £10 this game is an absolute steal! The production values are extremely high for such a modestly priced game. Bear in mind, during EA content is being released episodically until May (the release date).ConclusionIf you love the following themes buy this game: Atmospheric, survival, Simulation, Aliens, Galactic, Crafting, Exploration, Beautiful and ClassicEdit: Just completed the first part in 3.5 hours. It would have taken me 5-6 hours had I explored more rather than stick to the objective. Great value for money!"
76561197985151938,Recommended,313630,32421032,Posted: 14 June,all,centipedia,"My recommendation for this game is not a strong one.Pros: It's an interesting survival game with gorgeous scenery and a plot which will keep you engaged for a fair amount of time. If you can figure out a few tricks, you can (with vigilance) keep yourself alive for a long time. Critically, once you know these tricks, survival generally stays challenging without becoming too hard or too easy.Cons: The plot is too sparse. You spend a heck of a lot of time and look at a heck of a lot of stuff but feel like you are accomplishing very little and learning very little about the world or the story. Unfortunately after many, many hours plunging deeper and deeper underground my torch went out. In that location, without a burning torch death by hypothermia is unavoidable. I reloaded many times, trying different strategies and routes, but there is simply no way to avoid inevitable death from my save point. That means I will have to play the whole game over again and it's not a good enough game for me to do that."
,Recommended,313630,23450051,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,LestatLestotis,"Very good exploration game driven by narrative and survival mechanics.The survival is not as hardcore as other titles around, but it feels great with the right amount of tension and resource management to be something to always keep in mind while exploring the beautiful scenery.Very polished game, with an amazing sound design and atmosphere.I highly recomend it to fans of scifi and exploration."
,Recommended,313630,25469120,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mattie!,"HTC Vive VR review.Wow. I'm only (!) 3 hours into it-- and it's so awesome thus far. Beautiful, immersive, with so much tension. These kind of games/experiences are exactly what we need in VR. Can't recommend this enough.It says VR is experimental, but it's one of the most polished VR experiences yet."
76561197970800701,Recommended,313630,30792848,Posted: 28 March,all,Firelance,"As a sci-fi adventure it's pretty good, if you like to put down your blaster and do a spot of exploring and follow the slightly predictable story.  Great enviromentl effects, looks nice, plays decent, and certainly worth the entry price, though if your the trigger happy need action all the time player, this game is not for you, but if you have a good sense of imagination and are happy to open yourself up to story and atmosphere above pew pew, you'll enjoy it.But try in in VR and holy f*%k, it is staggering, it literally dumps you on this alien world and the feeling of presence is amazing.  Your brain reacts to this in a totally different way than playing on a monitor, it ceases to be a game and becomes an experience, a personal adventure and the first game to illicit genuine feelings of fear and dread about my own survival, it's a remarkable acheivement for an Indie developer, it feels like a AAA title, yes it still has a few bugs, and needs a fair bit of polish and optimising, but please, continue to push the VR support devs, you are SO close to making this a poster game for VR's future.If you have a VR headset, stop reading this and go buy it, it's un-missable, if you don't have a VR headset, this game is absolutly worth getting one for, it's nice wthout it, but I can't express the effect VR has on this game over playing on a monitor, it's a genuine taste of the future.  Support this developer in either case, for the little cash they are charging, from a VR point of view, this game is definate value for money if you like creepy, isolated, using your brain for once, trapped on an alien world that wouldn't look out of place on ""Star Trek"" but at the same time, giving you a sort of stranded colonist in an ""Alien Covenant"" creepy what the hell happened on this planet sort of way chills, you'll lap up this experience.Not for those with a short attention span / don't like puzzling out things, or need to be blasting aliens to be happy.For those who enjoy mystery games, can inject a little of their own imagination by thinking what they would do in this situation (especially in VR), recommended."
76561197970685004,Recommended,313630,21497775,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dillinja187,"Not alot more I can add to what has been said already....Hasten to add if you are on the fence about this game "" Don't think.... just do it "" you will have 100% no regrets.Beautiful environments, lighting and weather to experience, ridiculous (in a good way) level design I could go on........................On top of that the Devs seem more than happy to help with issues and questions etc on forums, Huge bigups Dev Team TSP !"
76561197985887185,Recommended,313630,23485149,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stian,"I love this game on the Vive. It's probably my favourite experience on the device so far, after having bought about 50 games. And that from a game with VR support added after the game was mostly done. That of course has its limitations. The inventory is cumbersome (but l understand the devs are working on it), and the controls aren't always logical. You have to push a button to interact with things (that is probably hard to fix as the game is designed around a controller). But you can use your hands independently, light your way with the torch etc. and move about freely. The default locomotion will be tough for some, but with a little tinkering you can adjust the walk speed, and even make the in game clock slower so you have more time to explore the incredible looking locations.  You even get a teleportation gun you can use for moving around if your VR legs isn't good (I haven't used it much though as I find the default locomotion very nice, but I've had some time to train my VR legs). It can be quite scary in VR, with an eary atmosphere, and I have more than once had chills go down my spine.And the story so far is really good, keeps me pushing on. This game is fantastic! The VR implementation is an example for other devs to follow, and its improving with every update. Thank you devs for giving me this amazing experience in VR!"
76561198051362289,Recommended,313630,28214054,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,foaminator,"Good Exploration Game with a StoryThe Solus Project is a good exploration game with a touch of survival threaded together by an interesting story. I played entirely in 2D (no VR) and it never felt like a tech demo. I played almost a full 40 hours before reaching the end. I could have gone longer if I explored more, but I felt like it was a good time to end.Do's and Don'tsDo expect to deal with varying degrees of threatening environmentsDon't expect any combat; you can't even swat a flyDo expect to search for food and water and safe places to sleepDon't expect a lot of crafting; the recipes are mostly just combining two itemsDo play with the game audio on. The audio is cool and audio cues are extremely helpful.Things that could be ImprovedYou can only hold one thing at a time which is annoying when you need one item for your environment (e.g. a light or temperature control item) and another to do an actionSome of the areas with extremely high and extremely low temperatures are more of a pain than a survival mechanic. Towards the end, even with the best possible items, there were times I had to drop a bunch of items to create a ""temperature offset zone"" just so I could bring my body temperate up/down.You can only hold items in your right hand. Generally this doesn't matter, but when going for high precision shots with the Teleporter, you can get ""locked out"" of a shot that would be possible with your left hand.To get the max distance on the Teleporter, you have to jump. Since you can only hold the Teleporter and nothing else, this just delays how long it takes to get a good shot. Plus, it just feels stupid.Sprinting is interrupted by jumping or short steps down. So long as you hold down the sprint button, you should be sprinting regardless of your other actions or terrain.There's a bit too much crouching required. It's painfully slow and despite the reality that dank caves would require a lot of crouching, it just slows down the exploration.The stuttering of walking up stairs is far slower than walking up the railing beside it. I understand that's more realistic, but I shouldn't hate stairs and constantly seek out a railing to move around the game world.There were very few glitches and they were minor or brief. A short period of no rain sounds while standing in rain or a little terrain flicker in a corner. It's a solid game that has a lot to offer, especially for the price. I think it's worth full price, but if you find it on sale, it's a must buy."
76561197983163896,Recommended,313630,28469557,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BeatYourHeadIn,"Non-VR reviewThe Solus Project is one of those indie creations to get excited about. It’s a very good game, but is it a perfect game? Of course not! It’s got a few weird things going on: a couple graphical issues and seemingly endless references to other intellectual properties (borrows much from TV show Lost in particular). Readers, I know what you’re thinking: So what, another indie studio created another indie game blah blah blah why should I care? Readers, I already told you the answer to that: it’s a very good game! Weren’t you listening!? Think: a crispy Lost pie crust with the disappointing conclusion trimmed off (Season 6, I’m looking at you) and fill that with Interstellar custard cream, but now scrape the oily Matt Damon meringue off the top and then sprinkle with a couple teaspoons of crushed Ancient Aliens. Ahhhh, pure heaven I tell ya!Okay, so there’s no black hole or time travel in TSP, but it captures that “Interstellar” vibe nonetheless. More than once, I found myself overlooking an alien tropical beach paradise at the precipice of a craggy drop off and wanting pump both fists into the air and yell, “I’M THE MATTHEW MCCONAU♥♥♥♥ OF THE WORLD!!!” I didn’t though. My wife isn’t into videogames. Such spontaneous outbursts would be frowned upon and followed up by punishment nagging to do irrelevant tasks. Yeah, fetching that glass of water for you and then that bowl of kale chips for you and then turning off that hallway light so you could watch Gilmore Girls without the glare sure showed me for enjoying something without you. Lesson learned.Ahem, moving on readers, this is simulated walking at its finest. That statement is coming from me: a gamer who loathes Dear Esther et al. I feel like TSP goes the extra mile to stand apart in its genre, so much so that “Exploration Simulator” would be a more accurate description of TSP’s gameplay.Exploration of the unknown carries the risk of fatal failure. If history is a guide, then it has shown us that the cost of expeditions to parts unknown is paid not only in coin, but often in blood as well. Elon Musk knows this when he asks “are you prepared to die” on a journey to Mars? In a game that tries to put explorers on Gliese-6143-C, a fictional planet orbiting another star, you can bank on people dying in it. Spoiler alert: they do!Exploration of the treacherous unknown is all well and good. Eventually though, the unknown becomes the known, the traps and pitfalls mapped and accounted for, yada yada yada fartnoise. That’s a problem when the main hook is exploring; before long, the soul-sucking boredom of the type found in standard walking simulators can seep in. Worry not readers, for the agile TSP parries the creeping tectonic blow of boredom with a quick megathrust of excellent pacing. You are encouraged onward via objectives at a rate slow enough to let you take in the sights of the superbly crafted islands and caves, while fast enough to keep the flow moving forward. If you linger, it’s at your choosing and likely because you are trying to find the secret areas, you elite completionist, you.In that sense, despite the open world that allows backtracking and travel between areas at will, TSP is a linear game with a defined beginning, middle and end. This structure keeps things fresh hour after hour, much like those packets of silica beads found in packaged products (you know, the ones that say “DO NOT EAT”? I really should start listening to those warnings). However, I did experience some game fatigue, but that was after 35 friggin’ hours in a 16 hour game, so yeah my fault mostly. Fortunately, getting back into the plot progression quickly reengaged my interest.The plot is solid in TSP. It is a chunky mishmash of other sources but it injects originality into the mix. In the 22nd century, a rogue star has destroyed Earth and torn asunder most of the solar system; a cataclysm that has stranded the survivors with dwindling supplies on ark ships near Pluto. Before they can burn fuel reserves needed to leave the shattered remnants of the Sol System behind, they must desperately await the “all clear to colonize” signal from any of the scout vessels sent to promising exoplanets. Wow, that’s just the backstory.I’m on a scout ship lightyears away, which suddenly turns into a roman space candle while entering orbit around an exoplanet. All of my crewmates appear to die in the explosion. That’s okay though, I could use a little alone time after spending 8 years pent up with them inside that relativistic sardine can. So there I am, crash landed and alone, and loving it!All kidding aside, the atmosphere from then on is tragically hopeful as I realize I can still succeed in my scout mission if I collect enough scrapped spaceship parts to build a transmitter. I cling to that shard of positive thinking, which the plotline sinisterly whittles away at as if it were carving a marshmallow roasting stick. I soon felt that at some point I would be plunged into the fire. The survival of mankind hinged on my ability to overcome creeping hopelessness. This is a story that I thoroughly enjoyed, and I found the emotionally charged conclusion to it very satisfying.This is a story supported by strong visual and audio production. The graphics are excellent, with a couple of issues. There is a weird distortion effect sometimes seen on the edges of objects that are framed in the near background by water. Also, on my midrange system with the settings on Ultra, 1080p ran at 60fps+ but dropped inexplicably every couple of hours to 40ish until I entered a loading screen or restarted the game. Not a game breaker for me; it simply meant that I had to play a small percentage of the game below the ideal framerate. Besides, the audio steals the show here, readers.The sounds of Gliese-6143-C pull you into the fantasy. From the thematic background music to the immersive ambience, you can hear the love that Teotl put into this important aspect to gaming that is too often overlooked by other dev teams. My biggest complaint here is the voice acting. If your preferred language is English DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME AS THE MALE CHARACTER! The guy who voiced the male derped hard and cannot sell the story. Luckily, the woman who voiced the female protagonist did an incredible job capturing the emotion behind the script. I smiled her smiles, shivered her shivers, and cried her tears (they were crocodile tears, no wetness; manhood=restored). Play with the female voice enabled or don’t play it at all. Yeah it’s that important to the journey through TSP.To aid that journey, you scavenge supplies from ship wreckage and derelict alien settlements and craft various inventory and quest items. Scavenging is crucial, but this game mechanic is well implemented and avoids the tedious resource grind found in other open world survival games. For example, you don’t need to stock up excessively on food; you could live almost entirely off of the infinite alien food and water stations found around the levels. The devs took the infinite supplies idea a little too far, though. Alien technology explains infinite food stations, but the oily bark torches you craft that never burn out was a weird design decision. After you craft the first torch, there’s no need to make another one. Small gripe I know.That’s how well TSP is made; I’m nitpicking to find things I didn’t like. More nitpicking: the exploitable loophole where you can put a burning torch in the inventory “backpack” and submerge yourself in water, then get out and pull the still burning torch out of the backpack… then use it to help dry yourself off. Come on Teotl, that’s dumb. The torch system should be reworked for more realism. Again, nitpicking.TSP is a well-crafted adventure. A must play for sci-fi fans.TL;DR this game is a steal at $20. I got it for 10 and I’ve been indicted for internet piracy."
76561198064428805,Recommended,313630,23661625,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,NanookofdaNorth,"This is a VR Review.I bought this game due to it's roomscale VR and motion control support, and long gameplay time.This game has a lot to it, however, I didn't realize this was a survival horror game. Or at least from how far I am in it, I think it is. I believe this is supposed to be a survival game, but even the smallest creatures in VR as so surprisingly scary. Everything in it is so scary because it's VR.The controls for roomscale are still being hashed out, but in general they aren't bad. I'd say I have more of an advantage compared to those in seated experiences due to the teleportation mechanic. However, this is not a reason to stray away from this game.If you're considering buying this game for VR, I'd say this is a full game, which is something not seen often for the early stages of VR. I recommend this game for that reason. The controls being a work in progress show that they wanted this in players hands as soon as possible.I don't think I'll find the courage to finish this game. However, I do applaud the content and presentation."
76561197981169819,Recommended,313630,25343687,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,pauloliver234,"[Played on HTC Vive]This is my favourite VR game to date and the one I have got the most value out of. Playing this in VR meant I actually feel like I explored the alien world and not just viewed it through a monitor.The VR support is very good, but not perfect so please see my tips before playing:Turn resolution up to 150%Turn shadows to low and AA to offUse teleporter when navigating up stairsEnjoy!"
76561197992823110,Recommended,313630,23705351,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nocturne,"Absolutely loved this game and the whole story of it. Immersive with just the right amount of creepy scenarios, monsters and puzzles. Beautiful graphics and it´s nice to get to play a complete game on Vive for a change instead of early access beta ones. If there´s anything the devs could improve on, it would be the inventory system. It can be irritating at times when you scroll past an item and you have to do another circle of scrolling before the item comes up again."
76561198052305101,Recommended,313630,23726248,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,JimBob,Excellent game once I got past the early stages of survival.Would have liked a map and a manual save but sleeping for an hour got round that.Also renamed the save game once or twice just in case.(Non VR)
,Recommended,313630,26068242,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,@Dicky Spanish,"The best experience I have had in VR so far, this game has taken me to places no other VR game has so far. Some may find it slow but I enjoy that in a single player game. It's mainly about survival and gives you missions to complete to help you survive. There are little bits of story all around you to discover and if you take your time it builds up a great back story.This game has sold me completely on VR and what In depth games can be when some longer and more story driven games are released for VR.Some of the stunning VR moments for me have been.Watching meteorites crash all around meShining a light into the water and seeing depth to it like never beforeExploring deep within caves and looking up to see the the high cavern ceilings with my torch light flickering of itGoing under the ocean and feeling like I'm under the ocean.Watching the massive moons move across the sky.Standing in a torrential down pour and almost feeling it hitting me.I know pretty mundane stuff but it all adds up to making the game more realistic than anything else I have played up to now. Just the fact that when I'm playing I really feel like I'm on a distant planet.Anyway if you have VR and enjoy story driven survival games on distant planets then def give this a go.Also if you have a large fan make sure you have it going on you when you're playing as it really adds to the immersion."
76561197996288503,Recommended,313630,25467895,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Darterius,"Back in the 1990's and early 2000's I was lucky enough to call the folks at Cyan (who made MYST and Riven) people I had met and discussed their games with directly, including sitting with Tim Larkin in his studio while he shared with me some of his techniques for making the music to URU. I wrote a 5 page review of MYST III:Exile that was published during E3 in that year with the help of Presto Studios (man, that was a long time ago, I'm an older gamer), so I love adventure games. I love FPS games too, don't get me wrong, but adventure games are really hard to do correctly. That is why, when one comes along that does it right, it can become far more engaging than even the best FPS for me. Solus is one of those games.Solus has an extremely engaging and simple inventory system that work to help both solve puzzles and keep you alive. The survivalist aspect of Solus is so well implemented, that simply trying to gauge the weather and atmospheric conditions consumed a full three days of my time at one point (which was entirely my choice since I figured it was probably important to understand if the weather was going to be my friend or not). There's more, of course, to Solus that simply that, but the point is that there are a lot of layers to Solus that reveal themselves only if you really push yourself. And if you get killed, you have only yourself to blame.The game has really good velocity, and never stagnates into a hunt-and-click. In fact, that somewhat annoying aspect of adventure games is completely missing in this game, much to my delight.Solus is really beautiful. OK, the skyscapes are in fact stunning. Watching the celestial mechanics can be entrancing in this game. I really feel like I'm on another world here. I almost want to go buy a VR headset just to see what that must be like. I'm sure it's really amazing. The rock textures and plant textures could be better, and the water effects also seem a bit thin even when all my settings pegged at ultra. But the balance they have struck between beauty and performance is so well acheived that this really is just a nit that I mention because I'm sure someone will pick it. :)The Solus Project implements survivalist adventure gaming in the most engaging and immersive way imaginable, with a storyline that I like because it's not overly complicated, is plausible, and it ends in a way that to me seemed very likely given what we are learning about the universe around us today.The game runs completely bug free for me, but I understanding the first release was not really that stable. I haven't experienced any problems at all. I love this game."
76561197977355858,Recommended,313630,24542620,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Amenophys,"I did not finish the game, yet. But I am on my way to do so. I am not a VR user, and my opinion is for non-VR potential purchaser.If you read this, you probably wonder if you should buy this game.TLDR : exploration + immersion + background story + PvE + next-gen graphics + very few bugs = this gamePros:If you like survival-oriented game, with some puzzles but mostly exploration, fantastic landscapes mounted by orbiting planets in the sky, powerful meteorologic events and being the last hope of humanity... You will dig into this game.If you want a 'pew pew' game with moar guns and ghillie suit... Forget it :D You are in the wrong place.This game is a combination of Myst + Alien Story + last-gen graphics + No bugs so far... It's an adventure you want to know, an adventure you want to live.Cons:Initially the games asks you to make a decision (what outfit you get) but this is the only decision you will ever make (or maybe not, but +50% done and this was the only one...).It has no RPG feature at all. No skill tree, no experience... Only secrets (stats booster) you find by exploring. I was hoping for more choices ala 'make a decision on what happened and live with it' but it never happened again. The fact there is no RPG element is not a downside, but letting you think there might be is a little bit when you look backward (or you just forget it and move towards that light source). In the end the path you take is the path everyone takes. I think once the game is finished you might not want to replay it. This is not FTL.Conclusion:200% worth the price. My hat for the devs. Such a small dev team, but such a competent dev team. 6 of them can do what a team of 30 can never achieve. Good work!"
,Recommended,313630,31670763,Posted: 10 May,all,Dr. Von Feffarf,"Writing a good review is difficult without spoiling it, so I'll just say this:The early game was kinda slow. The mid game was creepy as all hell, and the late game was definitely worth the slower pace of the early game."
76561197992674721,Recommended,313630,23329784,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DDD,"Now the release is on 7 june, i can say this, its a real gem.You play as an astronaut who\'s vessel crash\'s on a unknown planet, and you have to find your crew and survive.The gameplay feels great and there are always new stuff to craft, places to explore, even if the game is somewhat driven it still feels open enough.The graphics are splendid, unreal engine 4 is used really good here, the designer has lots of talent for creating a world in space you really immerse yourself. So basically you can do big playthroughs in this game cause it\'s really not boring, always new stuff happening and yea, immsersive as.I\'d give it a 9/10"
76561197982784664,Recommended,313630,24693012,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,arvidd,"I have played this on HTC Vive with a 980ti as graphics card.I think the game is incredibly good, I can't recommend it enough for playing in VR. Probably the best VR game that exists at this time. It is very immersive, great atmosphere, has good graphics, cool visual effects, an interesting plot. Once you get into it, it is difficult to stop playing. I havent had as much fun with a game in years. It is like playing the main character in a great scifi movie.Besides being a good game it is also quite cheap, well worth the money!"
76561198029739278,Recommended,313630,23410546,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,marcpullen,"Really enjoying it! I made it to the end (where you get a notice for the next part not released yet), really loving the environment, sounds and music. I've had more first time ""woah!"" moments that I can recall, haven't had this much new/original/unique stuff like this in a long time. Searching for stuff is super fun, puzzles are mostly easy to figure out (except the big fish room, ugh). The hallways with the hazard dangling bits were frustrating. I was expecting to find a gas mask or bio suit, never found one, and I looked everywhere. Now that I've reached the end, I can go back and find all the other stuff I was missing. Can't wait to see how the story ends!"
,Recommended,313630,24044103,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mayron,"An amazing sci-fi adventure with survival elements. Loved the atmosphere made of graphics, ambient sounds and music. Baby of Dear Esther and first Unreal with maybe a tiny addition of horror. Big positive surprise for me."
,Recommended,313630,21401588,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Emeritus,"The Solus Project is an exploration game (walking simulator) with great atmosphere and some survival elements. It's not an open world game with resources and crafting, the levels are linear and there is plenty of alien guacamole and water in the tombs, so you won't have to worry much about survival (except for when random tornado/meteor shower catches you on planet surface).But if you like story driven exploration games with mysteries, this one is the best looking atmospheric sci-fi ""the interstellar like"" experience you can get for 4 euros xD"
,Recommended,313630,25517604,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,buffaloseven,"The Solus Project is a hybrid adventure/survival game, successfully melding environmental exploration with managing the hazards an alien world. What begins as a fairly straightforward ""crashed on an alien planet, time to survive and find out what happened"" quickly evolves into a larger mystery uncovered through environmental storytelling and glyphs left around the environment.The game does a wonderfully job of making you feel like you're exploring an alien world; one that's familliar yet not quite right. The general atmosphere of the game is fairly benign, save for a stretch of time in the middle of the game where it shifts into more of a thriller/horror setting. It wasn't something I was expecting, which made it all the more unsettling (which I believe was the intended reaction).Puzzle solving is fairly intuitive and melds well with the exploration focus.  The survival elements never became overbearing. The storytelling was delivered well and I enjoyed piecing things together and constructing a fuller understanding of what happened to my ship and what exactly has happened on the world you're stranded on. The ending stumbles a little bit, of which your understanding of it will likely depend on how many pieces of lore you've uncovered and how well you've stitched it together in your head. I could see the ending making little to no sense for people who just main-line it straight through; finding ways to make some of the more important historical information central to the main progression would have smoothed over this issue.The game looks gorgeous with numerous times where I just stopped to take in the scenery. Unreal Engine 4 runs great and I experienced no crashes or bugs. I did not play in VR.All in all, The Solus Project is a great little game that will take you around 10-15 hours to beat and offers an interesting story, unique and compelling world, and plenty of pretties to make your eyeballs happy. Recommended."
,Recommended,313630,23420320,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nubby Ninja,"Solus, where to start.The direction of the game is a unique one. You are one of the last humans alive in the universe. You crash land on an alien beach (ARK) and have to use basic crafting supplies to survive (ARK). As you progress alien sounds and relics empower and guide your path to find a benevolent intelligence at work.The strengths of this game include a bizarre alien weather system, which makes survival interesting and unpredictable. One minute you're burning hot, the next you're freezing. You can retreat to various safe areas, which typically coincide with save points, but you will encounter a dark presence, which leaves you few options for a safe retreat.As survival games go, this one has puzzles that remind me strongly of any of the recent Metroid games. (I say recent, I think back to Gamecube and Nintendo 64) The puzzles require intelligence and planning. You will eventually have more locks than keys. Choose wisely! (spoiler)The textures (graphics) leave a little to be desired, but as you go you get swept up in the big picture. There are very few glitches (if any, I have encountered none) and many hours to be derived between searching for secrets, dodging the weather, hunting for aliens, and finding interesting new things to craft.This game gets 5/5 from me. Definitely recommended."
76561197971787986,Recommended,313630,30932614,Posted: 3 April,all,pro-zak,"Highly recommended for explorers and completionists. This game is hours and hours of exploring, walking around vast cave and tunnel networks, temples, and deserted-ish islands. If you just want to wander 'over this way' and see what's there, you're going to probably enjoy this game. There are secrets to be found, journals and labels to read, inventory to keep track of ... all the while keeping yourself healthy (warm, fed, rested).It's not 100% free-roam, happy-go-lucky: there are a few antogonists you'll have to learn to avoid or run from. The first few times I encountered these things, I was swearing and messing my drawers, as the makers of this fantastic game outdid themselves with the music score. Dread and anxiety, heh ... why not just say FEAR, crept up on me as the music & sounds got closer. It's not horror genre, however. There are no jump-scares or zombies out to dine on your flesh. After a few run-ins with the 'things', you'll learn how to properly deal with them, and (hopefully as I did) marvel at their presence.There are puzzles, jumping puzzles. Nothing hard and annoying, especially since one of your tools allows you to go pretty much ANYWHERE you want to.The game is LONG, and replayable. I found less than half of the secrets, and look forward in a few years time to hitting it up again with someone's video/guide/map to aid me in finding every nook & cranny."
76561198003709369,Recommended,313630,22507092,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ranualf,"As survival adventures go, this game has got it...Solus Latin for alone... yes there is only you left, all your crew mates are dead, Earth has been destroyed and it took you 10 years to get here.. What can go wrong....Well about everything in fact, as the planet is basically out to get you- and it will if you are not careful.Ways to die thus far:Die to starvation- yepDIe to hypothermia- oh yeaDie to drowning yesDie to MASSIVE hurricane- WTF is... ARGHHDie to meteor shower- oh look shineh,., OMFG- RUUUNN!Die to Lightning storm, while pretending to be Thor.. yes.. yes i did this..Die to falling off a cliff, into acid and off various other ledges.. yes- YOLO!Die to the ""smoke beasty"".. ohh whassat?.. ARRGHHH it does what- OMFG...Die to explosive gas.. that you set off with your fire touch.. yes.. grrDie to various ""biohazards"".. yes.. there are severalDie due to lack of sleep- yesDie due to tiredness- not sleep(you may not be able to rest- see weather)Die because you were sleeping and something happened, and it woke you up... you are unable to sleep because of the elements...rain, firestorm, Hurricane to name a few...So yes, there a MANY ways to die..I have managed a few of the list...The climate of the planet is amazing, from baking hot sun to ice storms(with cool nasty lightning) hurricanes, driving rain, howling winds and clear skys all within a few hours of each other- its harsh out there, so when it changes(and it will) SEEK COVER QUICKLY!I literally died 2 mins into my 1st game when a hurricane landed on me.. oh whats is that noise... oh it looks like- OH MY %^^&&&%&%$&&£ ^""^$£^^$^£$^£... you died-  Restart game.The game is still in early access, but it looks stunning, even at 3440x1440. I have not found any major bugs, only 1 and that was due to my own stupidity by jumping into a tight space and being unable to escape.. i did this a few time to test it..I am at the end of act/ phase 3 and i am eagerly awaiting the ice caved(of death)...Saving the game can be harsh- literally if you are caught out in the open and it turns nasty(see above) as you can not save unless at a sleep point(usually a safe place) or a save point. Other than that, and you will have to keep an eye on the elements when out walking, climbing and swimming... Eyes on the skies people!If you like wandering about(there is a LOT of this) hunting for items, secrets(found a few of them) as well as key components for crafting stuff, and other ""keys"" to open doors / solve puzzles this will be right up your street.I took a punt on it, and .. i`ve become pretty well hooked!I have had a great time playing and dying to this game, as survival games are not really my thing, but this game is great fun,and makes you think as you get very little instructions on what to do and where to find stuff...So what are you waiting for- get it while it is cheap"
,Recommended,313630,29072308,Posted: 6 January,all,WaywardAutarch,">Few hours in, one of the first few games I bought for my HTC Vive>Checking out a mysterious monument just on the edge of the beautiful, alien ocean. The sun is rising as the gigantic moons gradually disappear>Starts to rain and thunder>""Oh, I should head inside before I get too wet>Ambient sounds and music ramp up, rain is only rendering behind me and to my left and right for some reason>""Man is the storm really that- HOLY CRAP IT'S A TYPHOON/HURRICANE ON AN ALIEN PLANET NONONONONONONO> Futily tries to locomote away at 40% walking speed, forgets about teleporter item/Vive teleport locomotion>Typhoon heading straight towards me> Shriek in terror, forgets about the jagged edges as death looms over me> Keeps eyes open and openly accepts being swept up in the storm>Wind is howling, sounds overwhelming my studio headphones>So real, yet so not, and oh so good10/10 would look up in the sky to see a funnel of wind coming to kill me in the Vive all over again"
,Recommended,313630,21303750,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,mats effect,"Not too far into it yet but looks like a much more story and exploration driven approach to a survival game, in other words there will actually be stuff to do. The little PDA is pretty useful and gives you info on a lot of world objects by just pointing it at them. Art is pretty nice too so I think this one is worth picking up, even more so given the team behind it."
76561198012711922,Not Recommended,313630,21836387,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Captiva,"I want to stress this is not a bad game from what I played, just not for me.I read review after review and thought this game looked great. I love survival games and I love science fiction. The problem for me was the lack of information about the fact the game is very much a mystery/puzzle solving game.I spent the first 15 minutes outside checking stuff out, and ""surviving"". Then after you go into the second cave it becomes a whole new game. I spent the rest of my time walking around inside a dark cave. Tunnel after tunnel after tunnel. Pointless door after pointless door to open. Water everywhere, food too, temp in  caves are great too and no weather. Survival went out the window for cave diving and linear ""exploration""/puzzle solving. The caves I saw were hardly interesting either. Same thing everywhere I went.I decided I would rather get my money back and wait for the game to be finished and on sale. Maybe you love caves and puzzles... I do not though."
76561198035883952,Recommended,313630,21355193,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BOT Minecraft,"Wow. This game is just amazing. I don't write reviews ever but this is an exception. First off, the graphics are good. Not The Witcher 3 good, but better than most games. And the amount of content in here is way more than you might expect. I have played this game for quite some time and still don't even think I'm at the halfway point. I would highly reccomend getting this game for the cheap price that it's at."
76561198157283330,Not Recommended,313630,26276399,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dr. Yolo Swaggins Esq.,"I am really sad to give this game a thumbs down, I had very high hopes for it because I found the idea of a non-violent planet exploring game where you fight the elements interesting, unfortunatly, it's not that fun. Not a whole lot is happening, you do a lot of walking to find stuff and combine stuff, and that's about it, that's the gameplay. You gotta keep dry, warm, drink, eat and sleep, that's great, but apart from that, you just walk, find things and combine them. This is the problem with a no-combat game, you have to substitute the combat with something else or you end up standing next to a campfire doing nothing and waiting to get dry.Tl;dr: It's boring. Yes, I knew from the start that it's 'one of those games' but I don't like it. I find it neither challenging, nor engaging.Also, I got stuck in a dark cave that I didn't know had water in it, I lost my torch and couldn't teleport out, which was very annoying. This pretty much rekt my playthrough and I had to decide then and there if I want to continue or else I couldn't get a refund if I started all over again. I decided no."
,Recommended,313630,25534847,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Wedge Antilles,"Not many people mention it but this is partly a horror game. However it doesn't make you leave your chair it sucks you in. The story is quite rich. You don't get cut scenes that explain the story, you figure out the story by interacting which I quite enjoyed (oh and you need to make sure there is nothing behind you while you're reading the walls and such).You spend a lot of time in the caves that connect every islands, it scares you bad enough that you want to see the sunlight, but when you do get back to surface you realize that nature hates you and you're better off in the caves.Overall this is a pretty good game with some very minor flaws, which I think are unimportant.Definitely worth every coin spent on it."
76561198060556524,Recommended,313630,23436658,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Legion,"Best game I have experienced in a while.  Has a great balance between, survival, exploration, and story elements.  Always looking forward to learning more about the alien world you have crashed on.Recommend this!"
,Recommended,313630,23441655,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,~Night Trap~,Picked it up to play with Oculus Rift. Glad I did because an hour in and I have my new favorite VR game :) This game takes you to another world. After I took my headset off I was no longer complacent with reality of the real world.
76561198080204442,Recommended,313630,31225256,Posted: 18 April,all,Adairmoon,"I really enjoyed this game.  I am not usually a fan of survival type games, but I found that the layout and storyline of this game were captivating.  I loved the graphics in this game.  I haven't had the chance to play it in VR, but I imagine it would be even better in VR."
,Recommended,313630,21356496,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,VTVTheHangman,After spending four hours completing the first portion of the game I can only tell you that it was a mind boggling beautiful and very well crafted experience that leaves me eager for the flashpoint adventure update in march!
,Recommended,313630,24434495,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FlaviusFlav,"This is the game I keep coming back to on my Vive.  It feels like the most complete game out there currently in VR when most others are short experiences or tech demos.The type of exploration and atmosphere is pretty much right on with the experience I was hoping for with VR games. This is one of those experiences where I forget I'm in my living room with a screen strapped to my face.The dev is very active in updates, VR support has gotten better and better.  I hope other developers take notice and follow the lead."
76561198059069181,Recommended,313630,24478382,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Eldanon,"Great game in the Vive. Super atmospheric, very long (especially compared to made-for-VR games). Lots of exploration with some survival that isn't terribly complex. With the new updates the VR impelentation is now quite good. Inventory has been fixed in VR and you can choose between walking with touchpad or teleportation."
,Recommended,313630,24493542,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BigSawa,"I have never played anything like this before but I really like this game. The graphics are fantastic, especially the sky box. Sounds and in-game information are scarce, but this can be seen as part of the desperate situation the protagonist finds himself in. The puzzles are more on the easy side and the bigger challenge is to find out what to do next, which is not always obvious. The story is decent and keeps you going if you let immerse yourself into the game but the end was a little underwhelming. Nonetheless, the 23 hours I played this game were well spend!"
,Recommended,313630,23689245,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,B_Squared,"This review is strictly for the vr version of the game.  The quick review is this: It’s the best experience I have had to date with my vive and I highly recommend it.Now for a little more detail.  I was skeptical of this game since it is a port from a standard pc game.  I’ve read that porting a game is a recipe for disaster for vr.  The port does come with some down sides.  Since the game wasn’t made with motion controllers in mind, most of the interactions are point and click.  For example: you have a can that you want to open up and eat the food inside.  With the motion controllers and playing other vive games you may get the idea that you can set the can down, pull a pipe out, and swing for the fences with your controller to have the pipe smash open the can.  This is not the case.  You simply drop the can on the ground, pull the pipe out, point the cursor at the can and pull the trigger “simulating opening the can”.  The other negative in its current state is the inventory system.  Right now you have to cycle through everything which is a bit cumbersome.  The devs are working on an update to this issue and supposedly will have it out in the next couple days, so this will more than likely be even more of a non-issue than it currently is.Now on to the positives of the pc game port.  This is an actual, fully-realized game.  This isn’t a cool concept. Its not a wild 10 minute tech demo that has you salivating for more. My previous favorite experience was the gallery.  The gallery is $30 and lasts about 3 hours.  It’s a wonderful experience and great use of vr, but its over before you really get into it.  The Solus Project does not have this problem.  I am currently 5 hours into the game and have only scratched the surface of this world that you get to explore.  The devs say that you can beat it in roughly 17 hours, but can take up to 50 if you explore all the areas.  I long game like this is what the vive needs. There is depth to this game that you simply won’t find on any of the current made for vr games on steam.   Now let me take a moment to break down a couple aspects of the game.Controls:There are several different options you can do to move around the planet.  The standard teleport option which most games use is also available for The Solus Project.  For those that can handle it, you can also use one of the track pads to move around.  In the options I have set the walking speed to 30% and love the experience that it provides so much more than teleporting everywhere.  It’s a nice slow pace that will probably take me ages to complete the game, but its at a pace that I feel like I’m actually walking through the caves.  Overall the control options are good enough to allow you to play the way its most comfortable for you.  I also need to mention that the motion controls are definitely utilized in the game.  I mentioned above that the interactions are mostly point and click.  While this is true, the motion controls still work great.  When holding up the torch, you can move it around to change the angle of the light hitting off the cavern walls, point the flashlight where you want, etc.  the controls are 1:1 in terms of movement, just don’t expect to swing a sword around and have it physically hit something.Graphics:Holy crap is this game gorgeous.  Again, this is what sets this game apart from most games out for the vive.  These devs have taken a lot of time to make the caves look as organic and natural as possible.  The Unreal engine really shines in this game.  The feeling of being in a large alien cave chamber is indescribable.  The pacing of the game also lends to the visuals constantly changing.  By the time I was getting used to the cave scenery, the cave would end and you would be thrust into a gorgeous outdoor scene with alien beaches, rock formations, meteor showers, crazy storms.  It really pulls you into the game and gives you the feeling that you are on this alien world.Audio:The audio is perfect.  The general creepy ambiance they have created with the sound is superb.  I  hate horror games and jump scares. This is definitely not one of those games.  However walking around in a cave is inherently creepy.  Add in that this is a cave on an alien planet and the creepy factor goes up a couple notches.  There have not been any jump scares or anything scary that I have experienced in the game.  The creepiness and general foreboding as to what is behind the next turn is greatly enhanced by the audio.  I’m pretty sure it has spatial audio in the game.  There have been several times where I know I’ve heard something behind me.  Being able to pinpoint sound locations also adds to the overall atmosphere that they have created in the game.Gameplay:This game so far is more of a walking-simulator where you are the lead in a mystery story that is unraveling before your very eyes.  You aren’t going to feel like a badass like when you play holopoint or SPT. If you are in to movies like interstellar, or books like The Martian, you will absolutely love this experience.  I have been awestruck by the beauty of this game, and I have had to tell myself that I’m really just in my basement and nothing is going to hurt me if I keep moving forward.  The puzzle’s have been non-existant to really easy so far, but I’ve only just begun.Overall, this is the exact type of experience I was dreaming of when I first learned that VR was becoming a reality.  This game gives you the ability to travel the cosmos and explore an alien planet while you try to survive and figure out what’s going on with the planet.  Not too bad for only $20!  I can’t recommend this game enough! Go buy it now before the devs realize that this is at least a $50 experience. You won’t regret it."
,Recommended,313630,21436372,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GraVeu,"The Solus Project is a diamond in the rough of survival games. While most will bore me with the repetetive gameplay, ""The Solus Project"" has kept me interested by keeping the survival elements as a side feature and focusing more on the exploration and story. And man is the story interesting. I haven't even gotten that far in, but I'm intrigued. Why did my ship get shot down? Who built all this stuff? Will I ever be found? These are all question I want answered. Mostly though, my very very recent experience with a weather anomaly is amazing. I woke up to a tornado spiraling out of control, I walked out of my house (cave) and was in awe of the tornado, it got closer to me, I ran into a wall trying to escape and then took shelter in my tiny cave, the music is amazing, the voice acting could use some work though.EDIT: As I progress through the story I can't help but be even more intrigued. There was a civilization here. The best part was findingThe eggs and skeletons, and learning about the Sky gods. The graphic are great, the gameplay is amazing. This game is probably one of my top 5 favourite games."
76561198010004699,Recommended,313630,21826191,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dram,"Fantastic game. Visuals are stunning, story is interesting. 4 hours played at this point, but it is with certainty that I can recommend this title as a fan of both space and survival games."
76561197968804528,Recommended,313630,23368645,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Thoemse,I am no fan of survival games and i have tried. I own dayz and ARK. Barely touched them. Then I reat that this supports the Vive soon (while back) and has sort of a storyline too.I bought it and waited. Today i tried it out since vive support is patched in and supposedly working.Damn was I in for a surprise! Brilliant locomotion where you pick whatever you like from normal to blink to teleport. Great graphics and just a well designed engaging game. This not your typical 2 hour game either.A must have for Vivers. Money well spent.Edit: I am now about 12 hours into the game. The Devs released a great VR patch yesterday. The PDA is a lot bigger now making everything a pleasure to read. Locomotion got better too and the button layout on the controllers is better thought out now.These devs really care about their VR implementation eventhough it was no VR game at first.After 12 hours: Still extremely positive!
76561197968152425,Recommended,313630,24053430,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jimmy Laser,"Wanted to play on Vive and was a little skeptical after initial reviews, however what you get with The Solus Project is an incredible VR experince much richer that any other VR 'experience'. This is a full game that transports you to a stunning planet that you need to survie and explore, once you get over the slightly difficult controls, this is the best VR game out there right now, I stood on an alien world watching the moons orbit at night and really felt like I was there for a few moments, dont hold back if you have Vive."
,Recommended,313630,23975518,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Groxic Tinch,"I got this because I saw the name pop up a few times and saw it was on sale when I went to buy The Gallery. I was planning on playing that first and then maybe have a look at this but boy was I wrong, The Gallery was so short and uneventful and then I open The Solus Project and I found myself playing for 6+ hours straight and even then I only stopped because my vive controllers ran out of battery.I highly suggest people get this game especially if you are using the vive, this is by far the best singleplayer game, I only wish I could play it coop with a friend."
76561198077253135,Recommended,313630,23539866,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,LeapSeven,"As an HTC Vive owner, I was a bit worried about how well the controllers would be added in but found them to work great. The PDA and inventory could use some work but I find it not enough to get in the way of the experience. The navigation functions like that of The Lab allowing both walking around and teleporting.Aside from that I am finding the game to be a fun experience. I love exploring the alien world and caves. Crafting is fun as well. I am eager to venture deeper and discover the secrets of this world.If you have a Vive, I'd highly recommend it even if support is in beta at the moment."
,Recommended,313630,29339973,Posted: 18 January,all,Navrin,"Spoiler Free Review:The Solus Project was an unexpected surprise.  I did not play it via VR, but still thought it was an enjoyable game.  You play as a stranged astronaut on a deserted world.  Loads of exploration and reading ensue.  Even without the VR, I thought the graphics were good, and the controls smooth.Note that this isn't an action game, more of a novella.  A sci-fi story which requires exploration and to get the most out of it, reading.  The aliens in the story are quite interesting, but you have to read and search and explore pretty much everywhere to get the most out of it.  I understand if that is not the type of game everyone enjoys.  Honestly, you rarely have an enemy or see any living thing besides yourself until well into the game.Replayability:  No multiplayer or DLC available for this game.  One play through is enough, although if you're like me you'll be going back to try and get all of the achievements.  Some of which are very hard, such as finding all of the secrets.Rating: 7 out of 10. Recommended.Playing on i7-6700, 16Gb Ram, GTX1070"
76561198035515179,Recommended,313630,33886789,Posted: 29 July,all,Piruparka,"I finished this game today. It gave me 30 hours of great entertainment, so I definetly must recommend this game. The atmosphere is awesome. It has been a long time since a game gave me goosebumps so many times. If you feel the survival aspects of the game scare you off, let me tell you that you can reduce those to a minimum, so they are definetly not bothering and still not redundant. You won't starve or die from heat or cold too easily then. What makes this game special is that you end up on this planet, believing you found a fertile yet uninhabited world for the future mankind, but step by step find out, the world is not as untouched as it seems - no more spoilers now.There are some negative aspects of the game as well. Sometimes you can get lost really easily. Being forced to skip playing for two days and it gets really hard to get back into the game. Also, the crafting needs some learning. It took me awhile to understand you can pick up and craft items both by leftclicking, but for picking an item up, you may not focus it centered but slightly next to it. Weird. Also, there's thousands of secrets, which to keep track of all of them seems to be impossible. Especially because they are so little rewarding. So I can follow a secret path for a couple of minutes only to find an artifact that is not really worth it, because it gives me 1% heat resistance.Anyway. If you like exploring, if you loved the tv show ""LOST"" (I felt a bit like it), this game is definetly recommended. Have fun."
76561198116304836,Recommended,313630,32797609,Posted: 25 June,all,Aerowyn,Easily one of the best experiences I have had in the Vive. The aliasing in this game is really really bad due to it being made with older version of unreal. So in VR that means you are stuck with super blurry temporal or no AA and crazy amount of shimmering which SS does nothing for. Despite that a lot of the game is in the dark so that isn't to noticable most the time.The immersion factor in this one is almost unrivaled in any other game I have played in VR.. if you enjoy non-combat more walking sim types defintely pick this one up. Survival elements can be as easy or hard as you want depending how you set them in the settings.Motion controller implementation is a bit crude but overall works well enough to get the job done.
,Recommended,313630,34319006,Posted: 17 August,all,Yurgon,"The Solus Project was one of my favorite games in 2016.Thinking back more than half a year later, I still remember how deeply I was drawn into the story, and how much I wanted to find out more about the things that went wrong with the mission, the mysterious planet, and why there seemed to have been some kind of civilization.While the game had some lengths, I'm just a sucker for the atmosphere it created. I also liked the gizmos the player needed to proceed along a path of ever-increasing obstacles, and the survival aspect of continuing deeper and deeper into unknown territory with only a limited inventory of helpful items.It certainly isn't a game for everyone. But if you like atmospheric, exploratory games with a nicely told background story, I'm sure it'll draw you into its magic as quickly as it did me."
,Recommended,313630,34137805,Posted: 9 August,all,Cmdr McTosh,"One of the best games of recent years I've played. From an indie dev team but outshines most triple A cack big publishers poop out.Graphics are beautifulStory is so immersive, especially for those who enjoy ancient Sumerian mythology and the AnnunakiSurvival elements, the exploration along the linear storyline are fantastically balanced and really couldn't be any smootherIt's the little details that make the difference, such as actual changing of tides (whereas in games like The Forest tides are static)At times is CREEPY as Hell.I'll never look at dolls the same way again.Only one con that lets an otherwise thoroughly solid game down is the ending. Game should come with a trigger warning for those still suffering PTSD from ME3's ending. Rushed, tacked on as an after-thought, with way too many questions left unanswered."
76561198036943999,Recommended,313630,34382348,Posted: 20 August,all,SamuraiJones,"Wonderful vision for a game. Mediocre implementation. Great story in a complex world, marred by trivial difficulty and some technical struggles. The game looks like it may be intended for VR, but I played with an old-fashioned flatscreen and controller, and it worked out fine.So the premise is a survival game where you're stranded on an alien world. You explore derelict alien ruins, read ancient texts about the aliens and their gods, manipulate machinery to access different parts of the world through a series of caves. You have to contend with hunger and thirst, but also heat/cold and violent weather. Meteor storms, tornados, hail, and even rain can be an obsticle if you're unprepared. As you play through, you collect alien artifacts that increase your stats. Your ultimate goal is collecting parts to reestablish communications with the human race, but there's plenty of secrets and flavor text to find to add context to the world.The game basically has two environments. You spend time on islands, which represent small, encapuslated open-world-esque environments where you have to explore and scavange. You also spend a fair amount of time in caves/underground ruins, which still take some exploring, but are much more linear than the islands. Finding food and water is still a concern underground, but the environment is much less hostile and the temperature more stable. There are traps, but they're pretty easy to avoid.The game does a good job of building a story from fragments of text. Records chiselled in stone by one of the alien factions, or your crew's journals or notes, discovered in ship wreckage. You learn about the aliens and their history, and about what has happened on earth. Occasionally, you'll be able to receive a message from the humans back home updating you on the direness of their situation. They do a great job of constructing an interesting and ominous story.There's plenty of in-game creepy stuff, not all of which makes much sense. As the game advances, you occasionally will catch glimpses of ""something"" in the distance in a cave, or on the horizon. There are creepy encounters where corpses will sit up and watch you as you move past. Creepy fun, but not all of it fits with rest of the story. I justified it by saying that besides the alien stuff going on, but the survivor is also going a little crazy from the isolation.Visually the game is great, but not very diverse. The environment all looks the same. There's maybe 4 or 5 types of plants, and aside from the few important alien structures, there's a few generic looking buildings and a few statues that keep popping up. All the islands look the same. A few have a different terrain -- a series of tiny islands connected by bridges or a hard-to-navigate mountain sticking out of the ocean -- and while you have to deal with the enviroment differently, they manage to all look identcal to the last. Caves are slightly more visually diverse, with lava and ice caves appearing later, but it soon becomes routine. The game is visually striking at first, but becomes a bit of an eyesore by the end.There are a few technical difficulties with the game. I didn't see any bugs per-say, but the framerate was terribly unstable. There were a few times it would be in the 60s, and there were a few times it was probably closer to 20. I would guess it hung around 25-30 for most of the game. My PC plays most modern games just fine, but these small-name companies sometimes skimp on optomization I think, because the video loading seems much higher than the graphics would justify. The frame rate didn't seem to really match up with the complexity of the environment either. A cave with two or three lights at a time, and a 20 foot field of vision: 25fps. You get out of the cave and get onto an island with lots of structures and shadows, a sky, and miles of visual field, and suddenly the frame rate jumps to 60. Also, the game does have an explicit load-screen that you have to wait through between areas... nothing wildly long, but it's been a while since I played a game that required that.The gameplay itself was probably the weakest point of this game. It was easy. So crazy, ridiculously easy that it was boring. I get on the first island, and it looks like consumables don't regenerate, and at first i'm worried. I start collecting resources in the first cave-shelter, slowly stumbling through creating of basical tools like a torch and fire, banging rocks together to make cutting implements to open the food cans. It's looking like a hard-core survival game.As I explore, I notice I'm close to the objective marker, so I take a look at it. Now I'm in a cave which leads me from the first island to the second. As I'm going through the cave, there's green alien food everywhere. Far more than I need or can carry, so I'm leaving most of it behind. When I arrive at the second island, I find a cave another survivor had inhabitted, with his whole stockpile of food, including a lighter (fits in inventory, and has unlimited uses), a sword, a solar-powered flashlight. Guess I don't really need those basic tools anymore. Ok, so now I'm exploring the second island, which is littered with food-cans and refillable water-bottles from the ship. I find a pot of ""alien stew"" which provides endless food.Anyway, I could keep going, but the short version is that before long, I was carrying very little food, because there was so much scattered around, I could always eat from the environment instead of my inventory. I carried 2 waterbottles through most of the game, both of which I found on the first island. When exploring, there were enough endless-food stewpots that I could live indefinately almost anywhere in the world. Torches never ran out, so I only made one and it provided 90% of my light and heat needs through the game. There were always heat and cold sources in the environment, so I never carried any materials for fire (there was a brief time in the first ice-cave where I carried some fire-materials, but soon I constructed an alien heat-orb, so I never had to make that fire). There were a few times I had to explicitly focus on survival, but most of the time it was so easy it was more tedious than challenging.So I guess my summery is that the game does a great job of telling an epic tale of human struggle against a hostile world, discovering a mysterious alien history -- although most of it the story is in note fragments, so it feels more like Myst than Telltale Games. In terms of gameplay and visuals, it starts of interesting, but very quickly becomes dull and repetative.If exploring an alien world sounds interesting, don't let the slow gameplay deter you, because I think you'll be satisfied. I've played plenty of ""walking simulator"" games that were an absolute chore to finish, and this is much more engaging. On the other hand, if you're looking for hardcore survival, or a fast-paced character driven story, you'd probably be better off with something else."
76561198003988085,Recommended,313630,23152189,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Orbital667,"Huge, expansive and detailed island to explore:  CheckDynamic weather including tides, snow, hail, rain and the occasional homicidal twister:  CheckIntensely creepy and lush sound design: CheckA persistent and ominous feeling of isolation coupled with the nagging doubt that maybe you are being watched:  CheckCreepy dolls:  Check5/5Buy it."
,Recommended,313630,26063378,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Whopacha,"Virtual reality: VIVE review: Although i gave up on this game after about 1 hour of play time on its initial VIVE release due to poor control implementation and an older computer. I re-vistited it after the VR update and with a new pc - (gtx 1080 included) and it has been one of my favourite VR titles so far. Taking about 13 hours to complete, i can only hope for more fully fleshed out games such as this in future VR titles. Recommended for VIVE owners (with high end gear)"
76561198038833999,Recommended,313630,23653306,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Plunger Saint,"This game is astounding! The graphics are out of this world! Every corner you turn it seems like something is always changing and new. The music is really creepy yet pretty as well. The storms are exciting yet terrifying and don't even let me start on the smoke monster.. I heard a child say hello to me last night, I don't have any children...If you have a fear of darkness,drowning, aliens, freezing to death, burning to death, death, the unknown, enclosed spaced and space, this is the perfect game to face them all. You are missing out if you have yet to try this game out. Absolutely amazing!"
76561197986327836,Recommended,313630,21478298,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DarkFox,"First day i had a tornado and almost froze to death, Second day i had another tornado and a meteor shower and was almost carried out to the sea by the tide, after surviving all that i slip on a rock and fall to my death. GG"
76561197972147061,Recommended,313630,23828055,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bperraud,"I come back here to say that the lasts updates regarding the controls in VR are awesome.Perfect movement controls, and inventory are now available. It is actually one of the most enjoyable and complete experience I got in VR.thank you so much for these updates, and have a good continuation !------------Original post:Played all the time on HTC vive, overall it is a great experience but the controls are not the most intuitive yet.It misses some functionalities like to be able to move backward and an item selection inventory ;)I'll look forward for these improvments to continue to play this game.Thank you and wish you a good continuation !"
76561198123412837,Recommended,313630,21303849,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,python4161 4K,"Wow such an incredible game, beautiful looking graphics with a survival element to a story driven game."
76561198041814634,Recommended,313630,32216177,Posted: 6 June,all,pugwash,"This is a great game. Interesting story line, good athmosphere, not over complicated and a decent level of difficulty.  Worth the money."
,Recommended,313630,23451064,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Blänk,"A MUST HAVE FOR VR!!!!! This is the game I have been waiting for since I got my Vive. What else can I say? The movement is the kind where you slide along the ground without walking but you can also teleport at the same time. I did not feel motion sick at all at any point ever. The only thing I ever felt was immense curiosity and drive to explore and a little bit of fear. An amazing game am very excited to dig deep into this one!! A MUST HAVE FOR VR!!!!!EDIT: The latest patch has improved the experience immensely! They say it is still a work in progress though so it can only get better from here!! The only issue I have so far is the inventory, wish there was an easier way to select items. Sometimes you are in pitch black and it is difficult to know what item you are holding as you cycle through them all."
76561198259858542,Recommended,313630,23486726,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,aleistercartwright,"This game is pretty amazing and intense in VR!  The VR controls take a few minutes to get used to, but once I had them figured out I had a great time.  Thanks to the devs for adding VR support and definitely looking forward to the upcoming improvements and polish."
76561198085765221,Recommended,313630,32643661,Posted: 22 June,all,MykeyRM,"-The Solus ProjectA must for VR owners.Visualy pleasing exploration, Interesting Storyline, Great Atmosphere, Pointless items to carry with you the whole time to only to realise you dont really need em lol.  This game has it all.If you have a VR headset and enjoy exploration games this is a must.One of the higher quality VR games out there at this time.Loved every minute and hope that it will lead onto a part two.more info....? hit me up."
76561197970534805,Recommended,313630,21378018,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BoNeMacHiNe,"Awesome game. Mysterious like Myst, but an interstellar version. Very hard to stop playing."
76561198006483209,Not Recommended,313630,23856079,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chimpo / Chimpo#1956,"This is the most awful thing i have experienced in the vive. The controls are far too numerous, the movement is sickening, the objects are hideous. I couldn't carry on playing it. In summary there is a lot of stuff that should be disabled when playing in VR mode as it's just bad for the experience.Controls: The button that does one thing on one hand, does something completey different on the other. What's pick up on one hand is teleport on the other, whats menu on one hand is crouch on the other. For VR this is very difficult to get your head around. The two track buttons have 8 functions!Movement: there is teleport which is ok.. there is button that glides you foward, and forward is not determined by which way you are facing but by the game somehow. so if you turn to your left and push the ""glide forward"" button you start shifting sideways! Turn all the way around and it's now a ""glide backwards"" button. This gliding is pretty sickening even when looking in the direction that you are facing. Crouch has no movement or animation, you just teleport to about shin height, which is far too low for a crouch anyway.Scale: in one hand appears your vive controller at normal size, in the other is a MASSIVE tricorder type thing. Easily 5 times the size of the vive controller in the other hand. To make this worse you can't read anything on it without moving it closer to your face making it take up half of your entire field of view. Scale wise it's like carrying around a briefcase sized tablet in one hand.In short things like crouch need to be removed when playing in the vive, as players will just crouch. Also unbind things like rotate left/right and glide forwards (unless it can go the direction the player is facing). I understand these controlls are trying to be appropriate to people with the Rift, where they might not be able to crouch or turn and are just head tracking, but why then bind these controlls to the Vive controller??If you own a vive PLEASE do not put people into this game as it will taint their opinion of VR forever."
,Recommended,313630,23588450,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Orionagappe,"Wholly entertaining. The ending was a bit predictable, but that doesn't mean the journey wasn't a blast. There were a couple of 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥' moments and at points it did feel like my character had to struggle to survive, unlike some games were survival is more of a 'lets pretend' thing."
76561197964699543,Recommended,313630,23465106,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Bangbus,"So far a fairly good game but does need to sort out a number of things, hopfuly an update soon to iron out bugs.Custom controls the default ones dont make senses, PDA in left hand but controled from right??Also tip text runs too far to the edge of the screen and cannot be read.Pad too small and cnnot read text, needs much bigger screen, Button to pull out bigger display??Great game just feels like a Beta!"
76561197970807155,Recommended,313630,25468624,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Abissi,"Sure dodging bullets and shooting zombies is quick and fun but I believe VR experiences should be a bit deeper. HTC Vive + VR adventure = full immersion. If you liked Call of Starseed, you are going to like The Solus Project. The recent VR update greatly improves the controls. Enjoy."
76561197972423364,Recommended,313630,28810915,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[SqrrlsDn] whitesquirrel,"Great game!With  a few hours into play, I hope this review would be convicing enough.Without spoiling anything I would say this game has a sandbox/ linear play to it. If you decide to purchase the game you'll see why I said that. This in NO way is a bad thing. Story is left somewhat told through the letters you may or may not find scattered about. I encourage anyone to finds these only to bring you in closer. Lots of items to find. All if not most are a benefit. If your like me who likes to leave no 'stone' unturned then what are you waiting for? Gameplay is smooth. UI is very basic. Hourences encourages you too tweak the game files if your wanting to pull more in the way of graphics. UI for me just wasn't quite enough, so forced some settings through Nvidia CP. Still, the game is a beauty. No errors or hitches.On a side note; you can go back as far as you want during your quest. (Maybe you have to eventually, IDK), but I did because I found a tool needed for something I passed early on. I just thought I'd add that in. 10.2 hrs at this point, and I'm not taking the time that I probably should, but I believe I'm about half-way through. That may give you some kind of an idea on length of play.Not trying to sound biased, but I've followed Hourences since the days of UT2004 and the map-packs he and the community back then we're involved in, and his work has always been pleasing. Quality.It really is a great game."
76561198098182217,Recommended,313630,25160159,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Crocochoo,"I didn't know what to expect from this game... Bought it during a steam sale and hoped for the best and my god, was this the prize in all the bundles. This game was amazing and the story just pulled me right in. 10/10 would definitely suggest it."
,Recommended,313630,21309634,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,BillyR,"This is a very high quality game. I've only played about 30 mins of it but it was bug free and ran great. Not your usual derpy, bug filled early access experence. One of the few survival games I have seen with actual goals. This is not an 'open world' game it is kinda on very wide rails so there is room to explore in each area. Recommended. 10/10"
,Recommended,313630,29524347,Posted: 27 January,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"Didn't play as a VR experience, but was a blast from start to finish even still. Highly recommend this game for anybody that enjoys a good adventure game, kind of reminded me of the first couple Tomb Raiders without combat, strictly exploring and puzzle solving."
76561198027072022,Recommended,313630,24627457,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bungle,"With 71 VR games in my steam library, this is by far my favourite, most polished and complete experience. This is a prime example of what VR should be like - a full lenght game instead of just another tech demo.As for the adaptation to the VIVE, I actually found the walking locomotion using the VIVE controller trackpad to be far more immersive than teleportation. I don't think teleportation does this game any justice. I personally didn't get any nausia and wish more games utilised trackpad walking."
,Recommended,313630,26641676,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Megakoresh,"Solus project is a story-focused exploration game with survival elements.The story of this game is mostly told through environmental storytelling: reading plaques scatterd through the environment, observing said environment, listening to the protagonist recording his diary and some communication from the rest of the humanity's fleet. This game is quite good at storytelling, much better than I would have expected from this studio, given The Ball's... questionable storyline, both in terms of delivery and writing. This one's story is not only fantastically voice-acted (albiet there is VERY little dialogue), the environments are also excellently crafted and paced to preserve the sense of mystery, without creating confusion.Game's world is scattered though several open levels, which you progress between in a linear fashion (though you can always go back to explore and scavenge a previous level). Levels are rather open at the start and they get more linear toward the end. I don't know why it was made this way, it doesn't detract anything from the experience, but it doesn't add anything either. And sometimes I did miss a little storyline-free exploration towards the end of the game. Closer to the end you start to get a lot of information very rapidly, making a little more open and safe to explore levels would have helped some people process that info, IMO.Throughout the game, as you explore you are required to manage a basic set of survival stats. That is probably the most frustrating thing in the game, and for the most part it serves no purpose other than to restrict you from exploring at your own pace. Thankfully the survival elements are rather simplistic and not the focus (and by setting difficulty to easy you can pretty much just ignore them), because if they weren't I would definitely have hated this game. As it stands, they simply get in the way, but not too much.What I will say is that there is a stat which DOES contribute to gameplay: temperature. Manging temperature in this game is closely tied to gameplay, and unlike other survival stats, it actually contributes a lot to the atmosphere in some places. Reminds me of Cryostasis: Sleep of Reason (maker's breath, that was a good game), except here you also need make sure you don't overheat, just as much as freeze.This game does let you save your progress at any time by sleeping (assuming you sleep in a safe place), which is very important as it is incredibly unfair, when it comes to killing you. Most of the dangers in this game come from hazards, and there is one in particular - some sort of alien drone, that they don't actually reveal the details about, which kills you instantly when it touches you. That drone has fixed paths it partols, but instead of going back and forth like you'd expect, it spawns at the start of the path after finishing the route. When you don't know where that start is, it can and it WILL spawn right on you, killing you instantly. That would be incredibly infuriating if you could only save at save shrines. As it stands it's just a mild annoyance. The game also likes to obsure some traps in shadows, and there's a hazard which instantly kills you when you walk into with a torch lit (this is not mentioned ever before). Furthermore the game can spawn climate anomalies, which you have to hide from in caves, however especially towards the end of the game, the caves are really not that common, so if you encounter such an anomaly and you don't find any shelter in the next 30 seconds (which depends largely on luck), you are also dead.One of the greatest things about this game is it's sound design. Fantastic ambiance, with well-placed and fitting music and great sound processing, combined with my Corsair Void Wireless create an amazing atmosphere at any point in the game. Eerie in caves and dark chasms, calming outside during the quite mornings, exciting during a cataclysm of some kind or when you are exploring large alient structures.Contrary to the sound, the graphics is not that great. Poor texture quality is quite common, despite running on highest settings, and my 2560x1080 monitor really highlights lack of polygons on many models. Lighting is not better than Skyrim with mods and in general this game looks like something from 2011, and no a 2016 game running on UE4. I did work with Unreal Engine 4 a while ago and I know what it can do without too much effort from the art team. I guess it simply wasn't the focus. What I will say is that weather effects do look amazing, even if the tornados for example always repeat the same animation, which is not exactly accurate (but then again this is an oceanic planet with a desert climate, so clearly realism is not what they were going for).Lastly I would like to express my disappointment at the game's ending. It is, frankly,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Absolute trash. After such an awesome game to get such a rushed, vaigue, anticlimatic and dumb ending is much worse than getting it at the end of a trash game. I don't know if they ran out of money, or if they are sequel-baiting, but that ending provided no explanation, no closure, and no answers whatsoever. Moreover, after the game spent so much effort building up the importance of your task, making the player invest in that importance (even the death screen constantly tells you about it), it is extremely disheartening to just see such abrupt and inconclusive finalie to your mission.The ending is, by far, the worst part of the game. So much so that I probably would have been better off if I just left the game at that point, where I finish the communications tower. It was even worse because I didn't expect it to be so bad. I honestly thought there's going to be some extra levels on thealien mothership, teased in the distance for the last 3 levels. Never could I have though that such a good game can just end like that.I still recommend it, because no matter how bad the ending is, the rest of the game is excellent. And all you horror devs: THIS is how you make horror. This game is not even a horror by nature, but it's scary sections are more eerie than 20 Amnesia's combined. Because instead of putting stupidly exaggerated ugly monsters and jump-scares, it manages to create an atmosphere that tickles your nerves even when you KNOW there's no danger. That is friggin impressive. So yeah: play it. And I hope by expecting a disappointing ending, you'll be less disappointed than I was, when it ended so abruptly."
76561198091381751,Recommended,313630,29213299,Posted: 12 January,all,Goky,"8/10Always have an oil torch. Your best friend. If you feel comfortable, the weather will make sure you won't for very long. Surviving in the game is difficult even without an array of creatures trying to kill you. A beautiful game with puzzles. Great story. The story line alone could carry the game. Large backstory and collectables. Pretty cool they added some fan art.Now to reason its 8/10. The animations when performing actions like cutting or breaking a wall for example. The backstory is very scattered. It takes real effort to locate all the tablets, and i did because it was worth it mind you. If you lose your oil torch it is very very hard to survive. Its almost unrealistic to survive without it. Normal torch doesn't last at all but that just my opinion.Nutural: Game was different from what I expected when i first got it. Didn't dissappoint.Its an excellent game. Best $10 game i got in years."
76561198121254284,Recommended,313630,29795480,Posted: 8 February,all,Jyxy,Pros: -lots of puzzles-survival elements-beautiful artwork-great story/ plot-Some creepy parts-pretty smooth gameplay (I got stuck on a puzzle once)Cons: -not a lot of variety of enemies-Can't harm enemies (that I know of)-The entire planet wants to kill youConclusion: It's a great game that focuses on puzzles with some survival aspects. There was also some cool but uncomfortably creepy parts in the game as well.  I would recommend this game.
,Recommended,313630,33113120,Posted: 1 July,all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"It's a great game if you like exploring strange places, that being said it's a little boring at times due to large amounts of dead air, but it's a great game to play while listening to a podcast."
76561197975123078,Recommended,313630,22380389,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kinfolk,"I have found this game by accident. Never read a review, never saw it in any magazine, etc. It's a pity.The expirience is just greate. There are no major bugs, no unbalanced mechanisms. It is close to be a perfect game.The pleasure of discovering the mystery is something I didn't expirience in a long time. It's a must-have for everybody who values really good entertainment, I'm waiting for next Acts. Keep up the excellent work guys!"
76561198007533687,Recommended,313630,23626622,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mebourne,"The Solus Project incorporates great visuals and environmental design. The suttle film grain really sets off the different biomes throughout the game.Lots of great little creepy things throughout the game that I won't spoil.Highly recommend, only wish is that more of the ending was explained and some type of lore / backstory on the above referenced ""creepy"" things ;)"
76561197990441630,Recommended,313630,23568328,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DoggThang,"An incredibly immersive sci-fi exploration and survival adventure. A journey across and through an alien planet builds and grows as you try to find a way to save your mission from disaster. It has survival aspects as you battle the elements of a hostile planet, making sure you don't freeze to death, and lots of exploration with plenty of secrets to find and a world lore that expands as you make your way across the planet. For a large part, it's like living on the planet.For fans of adventure games and sci-fi, I'd highly recommend this."
,Recommended,313630,26310441,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dakusan,"Thoroughly been enjoying this on the Rift. About time I can find a good rift experience... and for the current $12 it is definitely worth it. The ""normal"" mode is a bit too easy, as there are way more survival resources than required, all over the place, but I'm probably going to be too lazy on trying anything harder at this point.I can understand why others say it is repetitive, as it is in many ways. But I love the open world. It's a lot larger than I ever expected. I'm the kind of guy that likes to find everything (Zelda syndrome), so I'm starting to get bored looking for any secrets, and 95% of the time the secrets are worthless. Permanent buffs are pretty much always only 1%. Woopy.  At this point (8 hours in), I think I'm just gonna try to do general explorations of areas and forget about trying to find secrets. The way I have been playing is definitely burning me out.My biggest problem with the game is that I WANT to explore all the environments, but sometimes I don't know that the way I am heading is to the ""next area"", and then it takes forever to go back. I just accidentally skipped like 4 areas and got to the third island, and I barely even touched the second island. I hate missing content and the game doesn't make it clear what is the next way to go, so I feel I am missing a lot going the ""right"" way first."
76561198075525997,Recommended,313630,21558610,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,budwheizzah,"The Solus Project forces my hand into giving a positive review for three simple reasons:1) Developer communication. Having had fairly important issues initially running this game in virtual reality (Oculus DK2) I had to resort to the community hub for some help, which finally ame in the form of an update from the developers. Not only were my issues resolved, but options were added to resolve issues others were having, and in the end we even got options that are a welcome extra. Devs that communicate so openly and then deliver on the discussion need to be recognized.2) Amazing performance. While the game is in ""late early access"", the VR portion of it is far less complete, but what makes it easy to handle - not being the case with most VR games - is the butter-smooth performance. When I'm not using any recording software I've seen the game stick at 75fps without even touching any of the stock settings. This will lgo a long way in making your playthrough smoother.3) Well polished. This part applies less to VR and more to the game overall... for what is being delivered, the game is almost there. They seem to have their mechanics about 95% the way, and at this point most of what's not here yet is actual content.The game has gotten my attention enough to select it for a let's play video series.Here's the DailyMotion 2D-only version of my first impressions video:http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3uzrpz_oculus-rift-dk2-the-solus-project_tech"
,Recommended,313630,23589489,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,I rate 7/10.If you like an ok adventure game with survival element. you may like this game.Oh and it work great with oculus rift :)
76561198007537261,Recommended,313630,21836015,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Flatline,"This game is amazing.  At the time of writing this, I have clocked in over 210 hours playing this game.  Can't wait for the new content updates.  Exploring is an adventure and you never know what's around the corner.  The mystery keeps me coming back for more, and the smooth game play keeps it pleasant.  For early access, it seems a lot of bugs have already been eliminated.  Absolutely worth the 13 bucks to play.  Big fat TWO thumbs up.6-8-16 UpdateThe complete game has come out, and I absolutely was not disappointed with the ending.  The indie developers are on the right track with TSP, as it completely captivates you from start to finish.  The ending leaves you thirsty for more, while simultaneously bringing a bit of comfort and relief to finally power up that communication tower and phone home.  A+ all day long, 10/10 forever."
76561197963645066,Recommended,313630,23520591,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Huhu,"This was a great game. I purchased the Solus Project becouse i heard it got VR Support and I was not disapointed. This is just a game that is meant to be played in Virtual Reality. The Areas the Caves its just beatifully looking. Befor the latest patch i had to play parts of the game without it becouse it was not possible to climb ladders reliable in VR. Thanks to the newest patch this problem has been solved. I got arround 10hours of gametime to finish the game, but i didnt explore alot, becouse i wanted to see how the story progresses. If you try to find all the secretes it will probably take you alot longer.With this i can recommend the game to everyone, but if you have a HTC Vive... its simply amazing."
,Recommended,313630,23655497,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,austinbatman,"Needs an inventory menu, but other wise outstanding piece of art for VR gaming."
,Recommended,313630,23191329,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SSSekky,"Every step you make in this game is an obscure emotinalmix towards a mastercrafted journey. Uncovering troublesomemysteries of many thoughts, hinting, you are not welcome onthis hauntingly exotic planet called Gliese-6143-C, which alsohappens to be the uncertain final destination of mankind.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=668138434Are you strong enough to prevail harsh n' hostile conditionsserving unforgiving survival circumstanceson your way to become our savior?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=667680007In any case, You will experience the refined power ofUnreal Engine 4, breathtaking art style, dynamic brutal weatherand natural disasters even with changing ocean tide that revielsnew paths for you to explore. Coated in adaptive n' adjustabledifficulty, you are the one who decides to either play the gamein peace or with severly realistic penalties to your in-gamecharacter's well-being. Semi-linear robust caves and big islandschanging their presentation accordingly to your actions andprogress in the engaging story are just a fine joy totravel by, anytime. Incredible audio design makes sure youdon't forget you are just a pawn in this cruel, yet beautiful world.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=66814112910/10 Masterpiece.By the way...THIS GAME IS THE REAL SHINING EXAMPLE OF EARLY ACCESS DONE RIGHT!"
76561197960393469,Recommended,313630,23568187,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Raazen,"Great game, got more value than what i paid for tbh.Ending felt kinda rushed though, but the journey was awesome.8/10."
,Recommended,313630,27930440,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AngryTowelie,I freakin loved this game. Just finished my first play through in VR with my Vive. So DAMN atmostpheric. It's hard to explain how good it is exploring an alien world in VR.Cons: Disappointed with how things wrapped up and the aliasing in VR is rubbish atm.
76561198044703844,Recommended,313630,22139892,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ardesco7,"Hello Game People..I am 74 years old and LOVE your games, While waiting for the next part of Solus Project i bought ""THE BALL "" ANOTHER OF YOUR GAMES TO FILL IN THE TIME ..fantastic fun ..LOVE THE PUZZLE ELEMENT..now back to UT Deathmatch to fill in time untill April 6..Thanks all :)Leonard aka MortalKarma"
,Recommended,313630,23537575,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Puppet Hunter,As beautiful as it is terrifying.  Awesomely fun experience.
76561197999133791,Recommended,313630,23548622,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BiFfMaN,"Great story, Great survival game."
,Recommended,313630,21371296,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sherman,"Wow, impressive. this is early access done right. Great performance, never dipped below 60 fps, survival mechanics are pretty great for the most part except for starving/dehydration during sleep. environment is pretty spoopy but not in a constant adrenaline/terror IV drip like SOMA or Alien; its a subtle spoopy, much more enjoyable for me. i love the mysterious atmosphere and seemingly random weather events (not sure if they're random or scripted) either way very cool. cant wait for the next episode keep it up."
76561198031109420,Recommended,313630,21760971,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,braz78,"Absolutely amazing game so far.Really like the way the dev's are rolling out the early accessCould hardly wait for the 2nd episode to be released... About half way through and loving it!Game runs great on 150% texture resolution on i5, GTX970 4gb, 8gb ram setupSound is simply amazingGameplay is smooth and controls are near perfect imoNot worth the price tag though.... Worth much more. Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,313630,23849578,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hobbes,"From the creators of ""The Ball"" comes a far more confident and genuinely interesting offering, serving up a slice of survival adventure that for once, doesn't require you to harvest a ton of wood.The Ball was a really good game, don't get me wrong, but it was at it's core, about ""The Ball"", and as such effectively was centered around a singular note, navigating and solving puzzles with the titular ball. It was an excellent exercise in good puzzle gameplay, with a smattering of platforming and a side dish of adventure story nonsense if you did a bit of skimming into it, but it was a first try for the studio, so really it was mostly for them to get their eye in and to make sure they weren't doing anything mechanically wrong. In that sense, ""The Ball"" was a roaring success.""The Solus Project"", that's a far different proposition, this is a game that actually goes several steps further, creating a real story around your actions, a limited survival system that whilst not lethally challenging in ""normal"" difficulty (in hardcore however, you'd best believe it can punish you fast) does serve as a constant reminder to keep fed, watered and rested, and a zelda-like crafting and inventory system that gradually expands your reach and your ability to explore an alien island that you've just crashlanded into, nose first.A very beautiful, desolate land, it's like Sweden, but an unearthly SwedenAnd oh what an island it is, it's genuinely beautiful at ultra settings, whilst managing to remain fairly decent looking even if you tamp down on the pretty, whilst there's very little to actively contend with in the sense of wildlife and movable nastiness, there's a fallen civilisation that's left behind a lot of high tech nastiness, and a lot of that can, and will kill you if you're not paying attention. You learn pretty fast to keep an eye on the floors, ceilings and immediate surroundings if you're indoors, and your atmospheric readings if you're outdoors, as the outdoor temp can swing wildly between ""So cold it freezes your genitalia off"" to ""So hot not even ice cream will help"", this doesn't count the weather cycles, which seem to take their cues from America circa 2016, complete with tornadoes, blizzards, torrential rain, heatwaves, and that's all in twenty four hours.Your primary mission is to re-establish contact with Solus command, and effectively to warn them that the planet has a giant energy cannon that is being operated by the remaining natives that can and will blow anything out of orbit (as seen in the intro), so it's likely a really, really bad idea to come knocking at this planet unless they fancy a dose of highly concentrated plasma being slung at the colony ship (almost certainly a bad plan).Over the course of the game you'll get a bunch of downrange transmissions sent to your dinky little PDA from Solus command who are getting progressively more panicky at the state of the Solus probe teams, it seems most of them have not ended up in places that would qualify as ""safe"", but more than that would be deemed spoilery, so I'll keep that bit quiet.Unfortunately, whilst you might be ""A"" martian, you're no Matt DamonThe game leaves you alone to deal with the hazards posed by Gisele, the planet you are stranded on for the bulk of it, and essentially puts you in the shoes of ""The Martian"" but instead of trying to survive, you're trying to explore and figure out just what in the name of dieties is going on with the planet, you'll be spelunking through caves, picking through the remnants of a previous civilisation, and dealing with some genuinely creepy stuff as you work your way into the bowels of the planet. As you progress you'll gain an inventory of useful items for helping you deal with the various environmental hazards, starting with simple tools and working up to the really helpful stuff like hammers, teleporters and ropes to pick your way through.Some areas are very much ""linear"", you'll go through them and unlikely revisit them unless you're going secret hunting, others are much more exploratory, since you'll have to scour them for the parts of the comms tower, but in either case, you'll be roaming Gisele back and forth for a significant sum of time, probably 12-16 hours for the average player. If, like me you got this during the sale, this is a fantastic buy and well worth the money.  At full whack, potentially a tricker choice to make depending on your love for exploration games, if you -really- like them, then it's a safe recommendation, if not, you may want to wait for the sale to hit.Final ThoughtsThe Solus Project marks a coming to form from the creators of ""The Ball"", it's a much more confident and complete game, and it definitely marks their graduation from promising developers to fully fledged and talented rising stars. If the Solus Project is indicative of what we can expect of their things to come, they've a genuinely bright future among the distant echoes of space.Verdict :Recommended, if you like survival exploration games, upgrade to highly recommended."
,Recommended,313630,27961004,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dionysor,"The Solus Project is a nice survival game with a taste of adventure and exploring. Yet there's room for improvements. Let's have a look!The mankind has lost their most important thing, the Earth. The only hope is The Solus Project, a space ship colony with the hope to find another planet to live in. You and your crew were sent to Gliese-6143-C, a harsh and barren planet, covered by a vast ocean. As soon as you've hit the planet's orbit, you were hit a strange projectile, causing fatal damage und thus the crash course into Gliese. You've survived the crash, wondering if the crew is okay. Once you stand on the assumed safe ground, it's just You, Gliese, and a Nokia like device that helps you in the entire adventure...The adventure I'm talking about puts you in many tests. Finding food, solving puzzles, uncovering the stories Gliese helds in it and most important, to not die. Optional, you can look for collectibles that can improve your gear and thus your surviving capabilities.Gameplay wise it's well made, although I couldn't really friend with the object interaction system. There are soo many areas to deal with, 5 islands connected with a cave system. Whereever you go, you won't loose the impression that there's a secret somewhere.When it comes to graphics and sounds, it's also impressive that leads you to a nice atmosphere. Well, not everywhere. I got massive FPS drops in certain areas while it's pretty smooth otherwise. When it rains and you run into a cave, the rain disappears. The graphics options have plenty of settings, and says you can edit the .cfg file for more. I know that from older games but for today I'd expect a GUI for every setting. Other than that I loved the exotic art and style of Gliese. Also worth mentioning is the very well made voice acting and soundtrack.With hard difficulty and a slight effort for secrets, it took me 18h to finish the game. It lasted pretty long I must say. In the other hand I was a bit glad that it's over.The story end is not I was hoping for and it left me with many open questions. But that's a good sign for a sequel and I hope it'll happen so.Altogether The Solus Project is a pretty good experience for the price and it deserves my recommendation."
76561198219375493,Recommended,313630,24512306,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,alexnvy,"bravo i love the walking function! awsome cave diving, and deep game play, more plz!!!!"
,Recommended,313630,24715310,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Vex Mylo,"For starters, I haven't had the chance to try this game on VR, so my review is with non-VR play in mind.I really enjoyed this game, through-and-through. First of all, the art of the planetscape, with all its unique flora especially, was spectacular. While at first I doubted that the survival and story elements would cooperate, I was quickly surprised by how well they worked together to form and immersive experience. The game is really engaging; I really felt like it wasmestranded on this strange planet, seeing so many strange things, trying to understand what was going on. There wasn't a dull moment in this game, from start to finish, but it didn't feel stressful either, like some survival games. All in all, a great experience that I intend to play again. Would also love to try this game out on VR - after playing it normally I think it wouldsignificantlyenhance an experience I already really enjoyed.Really the only thing I can think of about this game that bothered me was that your PDA is called ""Wilson"" but has a female voice. That's literally the only thing that bothered me. Everything else leads me to recommend this game :)"
76561197973435043,Recommended,313630,26525084,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HairballHacker,"Extremely well done alien planet exploration game. Very atmospheric.And those water spouts freak me out every time (I think it is the music - creepy).I don't particularly like the ""survival"" aspects of the game as I find them more annoying than anything else (I am playing on ""normal"" mode). I also think the weather changes much too often.Much, much better thanNo Man's Sky(even after its ""foundation"" update)."
76561198006298114,Recommended,313630,30065263,Posted: 20 February,all,kod666,I quite decent exploration / survival game. Very nice graphics and good story. I have enjoyed it.
,Recommended,313630,30182140,Posted: 25 February,all,Lumirel,"I really liked this game. It was something new and interesting. Story was interesting but the ending was bit disappointing, but no the worst. I think that this game deserves its audience."
,Recommended,313630,33060550,Posted: 30 June,all,PeterTheRock,this is not a game this is a long dream ..if you play this game you will enjoy every second ..i am now on the middle of it and i hope it will never end ..
76561198000790392,Recommended,313630,32820288,Posted: 26 June,all,AgentM83,"Prior to E3 this month, I'd had a void in gaming experiences, previously filled with the years-neglected alien world exploration of Nintendo's Metroid series. I first played what would become a more than adequate substitute, The Solus Project, on the XBox One. I was already happy with its hostile, sci-fi survivalist mystery when it was in beta form on a flat screen. Implementation of VR support for my Vive, however, has elevated this experience to the next level.It's a testament to the solid foundation of the survival system, the surrounding environment, and the intrigue of mysterious, ancient alien civilizations that there's no combat in this game and that doesn't feel like a deficit at all. Your enemy here is nature itself!"
76561198058359314,Recommended,313630,33889608,Posted: 29 July,all,ecke,"Personal rating: 6 out of 10This game left me quite confused by the end. I am sure that i's worth the time (hence I am still recommending it), but one should be willing to deal with a very MIXED experience.The game carries REALLY GREAT potential, mainly in terms of atmosphere. The overall mood really took my breath, at least during the first ours of gameplay! The most beautiful parts were, in my opinion:1.) the DYNAMIC BACKGROUND music, which makes for an extremely thrilling experience.2.) The underworld, which has some very strong resemblances to Skyrim's dwemer ruins. However, they're even better than them! I found myself thinking over and over again: ""This is how dungeons in Elder Scrolls SHOULD HAVE been"". So, chapeau for that!On the other hand, the game seems to ""gamble away"" its potential continously during the plot, due to at least THREE MAJOR WEAKNESSES:1.) The general idea of surviving an escalating threat in a mysterious unknown environment is nice, but waaaaaay too long drawn-out. You find yourself stumbling through a ridiculously long serious of sequential chapters (geographically represented by separated isles and underworld sections), but without any major change in gameplay mechanisms, and also without a real ""open world"" feeling - the latter being suggested by the game, of course, but not really fulfilled (most of the sideways don't bear significant secrets or surprises - just follow the given narrative and walking path, that's it) - so it simply grows tiring over time. The attempt to produce a climax in storytelling simply doesn't work.2.) There are some obvious, but very nasty BUGS.The worst part (which happened to me, like to many others, as a quick google search revealed) is that you may end up right before the ending (completing the tower), only to recognize that the game has lost the proper status of your game (i.e. tower parts suddenly missing, though I had already installed them). I had to apply excessive console tweaking just to be able to experience the ending.3.) The ending itself.It is up to personal taste, of course. But I've seen better. I myself found it very disappointing, and above all: too straight and PREDICTABLE. Don't wanna spoil here, but I had expected something really more interesting than a flat, horror-style ""doom end"" that explains nothing at all.SUMMARY:I have high respect for the major IDEA of this game, and the CREATIVITY that has been put into at least some aspects of it, but it lacks consistency and a true arc of suspense. It seems to be an uncomplete piece of work by gifted creators.A GREAT idea, but unfortunately, only partially accomplished.So I hope that its creators will keep up their good work and show us that they can do better!"
,Recommended,313630,21581528,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,distiller,"Just finished the first Part of The Solus Project in 3 ish hours without rushing it.I'm a bit dissappointed that it was that short since I was looking for a game to get busy for at least one day.a mixture of survival ( you need to rest: sleeping, to eat and drink ) with a day/night cyclus, a lot of exploring and walking through the mysteries of a new planet.Sometimes you need to solve riddles which are not too difficult. So it won't be that boring.If you like walking simulators such as firewatch with a bit of exploring, mystery and decent graphics and are more interested in the story than the gameplay itself, then you should buy this game.another con is that the graphics seem to be amazing, but... even in 1920x1080 resolution the textures looked cheap and undone, while the sky, the lights and the weather and various other effects indeed looked very coolhope more content will be released soon..."
,Recommended,313630,22245916,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"At first, The Solus Project seems like your typical ""survival"" game, mixed with walking simulator elements.However, you do have objectives to complete, gather stuff and resources so then, you can advance the game.I've played a good 2 hours yet and haven't encountered any bugs. The game plays very well (even though I find the protagonist to be running quite slow, with a grampa's stamina for running), visually impressive and the soundtrack puts you in the mood of ""being alone"" and crash landed on some unknown world....alone for now... since there seems to be another civilization living there!I recommend this game to any and every gamers who digs the survivor games.If that ain't your bag, then skip ahead!For a score, I'd give it a 7.5 / 10... especially for an Early Access Game, it is good!"
,Recommended,313630,24632158,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Razor,"If you belong to movie fans Mission to Mars, The Martian, or Interstellar, then this game will for you.Before play first act, we got simple introduction. Earth is on the verge of ecological destruction. Desperate humanity begins search for new worlds to colonize, and we play as a member of one those responsible for this mission teams of explorers. The aim of the research expedition was reach to the planet, made establish base there, exploration planet to the research and preparation for the next expansion of the settlers. After twenty years of travel stellar, research expedition of The Solus 3 arrive at the place, but the landing on the planet ends in an accident, of which the result killed the entire crew! (of course except of character player) Worse, the damage is most of the hardware, including communications equipment. Thus, we are completely alone, and we can count only on themselves! Just you and mystery planet!The Solus Project is based on survival. The game included simplified mechanics of crafting with logical elements as also the discovery of secrets, hidden by the world and equipment recovered in the course of the story. Player need sleep, must maintain proper body temperature or the level of food and hydration. Must avoid injuries resulting from the fall or confrontation with hostile flora and fauna. You can die by starvation, hypothermia, overheating, drowning, hurricane, lightning storm or even meteor shower!Visually, we get unreal engine 4 with excellent sound effect and music, by what the game encourages you to explore all parts of the world, filled with the many secrets waiting to be discovered. Each sector is filled with monumental ancients structures, which can visit on your own or as a result of the progress of the story. Realy nice to see. Pleasant atmosphere with a touch of fantasy.I had good fun and I recommend try it!9/10 -  requires patience and determination to finish each act. There is a lot of walking and long distance from point to point and sometimes after long walking (special in caves) it becomes plunge."
,Recommended,313630,24304677,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MrTaco,I picked this game out of the store because I love any game that includes first person adventure and exploration. I expected some thrills/horror which this game does have at different points. The Solus Project is one of those story telling video games that gives you chills down your spine as your play it.
,Recommended,313630,25976649,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tyrrin,This game was good... Strap on the HTC VIVE and its BEYOND INCREDIBLE!!! I cannot even begin to explain how amazing this game is in VR...
,Recommended,313630,33102861,Posted: 1 July,all,ArkAngel Shaun - 4K,"Very interesting game to say the least. It does have a very steep learning curve if you are not used to these type of games. Especially since the tutorials are next to none. It really is a think on your own kind of game. But then that feeling makes you feel accomplished when you finally do what you was trying to do for so long. The weather in this game is actually a scary moment. As the twister forms and the music changes it does give a feeling of incoming doom and a level of panic does come over you. This is easily one of the best surivival/exploration games there is.9/10 (-1 for lack of a tutorial, a little more wouldn't hurt)"
76561198030948062,Recommended,313630,34385426,Posted: 20 August,all,flipmo234,"My sweet lord.. This is terrifingly good... Mostly because I scare easily... :p It's not all that scary, but the sounds, and the mood and the setting, that the game sets, is amazing. Goosebumps, several times, due to ""creepyiness""?Excellent value for money. Beautiful game. :)Even runs well on lower-end laptops. (mine is about 4-5 yrs old, and can barely run Sims 3, barely...)"
76561197970349773,Recommended,313630,26369001,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Welsh Wizard,"This game has heaps of atmosphere, from the volatile weather to a story that doesn't give you all the answers but lets you think about it and draw your own conclusions."
76561198087938045,Recommended,313630,25979416,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,vinney222,This is by far the best game I have played so far on the HTC Vive. So polished and engrossing. I found it hard to put down. The story line is superb and very well written. True escapism. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,313630,21638630,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,hugobet,"Great Game, love the graphics and even the music wich i don't normaly like on games was great. It gave a great feel to the game play, can't wait for the next level!"
76561198028580195,Recommended,313630,23473921,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Chaaan,"I played this on PC. The game runs pretty well at 1080p. I only got noticeable frame rate drops when there were a lot of overlapping dynamic lights. This is my setup:Intel i5-2500k Sandy Bridge processor8 GB of RAMNVIDIA GTX 770Pros:- The planet's moon affects the tides, causing some areas to become easily accessible or difficult to access, respectively. This combined with the different weather effects makes outside world feels very dynamic and gives the sense that you are truly at nature's will.- The environments and effects are done really well. There is enough visual and aural feedback to give you a sense of your environment. For example, during the day the sun is so hot that you will begin to suffer heatstroke if you exposed for too long. Heat shimmer will begin to appear on the horizon as a visual cue that you shouldn't stay exposed for too long. Likewise, frost will form on the terrain when it is very cold.Cons:- Character movement feels a bit clunky. Character movement acceleration is so low that it takes a while to ""ramp up"" to full walking speed. This causes your movement to feel a bit unresponsive and sluggish.- You only feel like you're playing a true survival game for a few portions of the game. After a while, the survival aspect kind of takes a step back and the game becomes a full on adventure/exploration/puzzle game, with the survival kind of nagging you on the side. This is largely due to the fact that there are pots of alien soup and pools of drinkable water scattered throughout the game. Eventually the need to manage your inventory and plan ahead goes away completely.- Many of the environments, especially the caves and interiors, start to feel very same-y after a while.Pro tips:- Crouching and then jumping allows you to ""spring up"" and get a higher jump.- The teleport gun is very useful for traversing the map. You can combine that with jumping to launch the disc farther. You can use it to wander out for supplies and quickly recall back to home base. You can use it to escape bad situations."
76561197993782523,Recommended,313630,23639878,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,erwin.wolf,I play this on a Vive. The VR experience is great! In the beginning I had to experiment a bit with finding out how to cycle through the inventory and use items but afterwards it went fine. Great job on the game and the VR part of it.
76561198245710364,Recommended,313630,25658345,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,omgjeff,"HTC Vive review:I don't write many reviews but felt compelled to write one about this game. This is by far my favorite VR game to date. The graphics are beautiful, the music goes perfect, it's creepy and exciting. I spent many hours of my game time just exploring the islands and caves. The Vive controller mechanics are perfect. I turned on controller steering rather than head steering which works much better since you can look around while walking. The devs should be very proud of this game. There were a couple places where I did get some stuttering but with the fragility of VR right now I don't know if it was a steamVR issue or a game issue. My recommendation: BUY IT!GTX 1080i5 6700k16gb ramwin 10"
76561198009238356,Recommended,313630,31487261,Posted: 1 May,all,Dragis,"This game is a shining diamond in the current world of games, for real!  Its just other than all the games I ever played and mostly everything you can read or I can write about it would be a spoiler. So just some abstract words on it:Its very atmospheric! It is not about combat, no, its all about survival, exploring and ... mystics, some horror ... and finding out what is going on, or better, what was going on? Just find it out by yourself!And on the top of all, the game surprises in you every step you may take! You don't get bored afert a while like in so many other games. And even as I am not easy to sace, this game made it more than one time!I like to say: you have to play it withoout knowning more than that, and find out, what it is all about :-)"
76561198119163670,Recommended,313630,23509877,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,burningupasun,"I originally bought this game when it was in Beta, though not from the very start. I love a good walking/exploration tye game, and I enjoy SciFi, so this seemed like it would be great... and it was! It reminded me of one of my first video games loves, Myst, only much more intense and a bit creepier. I had a ton of fun exploring each section of the planet, finding all the little secrets and unfurling the story. I loved it so much that when I hit my first end-point, rather than wait for the game to be updated, I went and played it again from the start on a harder level (and with a focus towards getting all the secrets too). It was even better the second time around, and with each update, and I really loved how the deeper into the game I went, the more and more creepy it became. There were quite a few moments where I was playing too late at night and got very creeped out!So all in all, this is a really wonderful game, especially if you want something you can enjoy over a long period of time rather than just rushing right through. It's a slow game, but perfectly paced for those who like exploration and a nice slow build. I loved the story itself of course (although I did see the end coming, but that was still okay, it didn't ruin it for me), I enjoyed all the puzzles (and having to solve them without any help since this game is so relatively new!), and on top of that I also really loved the game graphic and design. It felt like I was right there on this mysterious alien world-- I can only imagine how that would feel if I owned a VR device! I even enjoyed the survival aspects even if they're probably what I am the worst at. (Actually what I'm the worst at is falling off ledges in this game and hurting/near-killing myself, whoops!)Anyway to sum up, I highly, highly recommend this to anyone who likes scifi, puzzles, exploration, and a hint of a creepy factor! Enjoy!!"
,Recommended,313630,23666584,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Brian3DW,"Best VR game for me so far. I played this on the Xbox preview program and thought it was ok. Playing on the Vive was amazing! I preffered palying with the Xbox controller in VR over the wands though. This finally makes me happy to have VR. So far, I feel like it's a ""real"" game compared to most of the product demo style games."
76561198011260738,Recommended,313630,21339375,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,M2Stech,Mystery survival game set in space with an actual storyline and no zombies running on UE4 engine? Oh did I mention no gank/trade/betrayal? This is heaven sign me up!
,Recommended,313630,23468681,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SkibDen,Really good storyline and a game that's hard to leave..Unfortunately the end is way to sudden..
76561198085555647,Not Recommended,313630,28672416,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,King Haggis,"Sluggish, slow, boring, overhyped and VERY buggy. Not even remotely fun. Especially annoying when savegames stop working or when you have to keep trying to work around the various bugs in the graphical interface and menu's. Not much freedom to explore at all. The ""big"" islands only let you walk along a fixed path and survival ingredients are always very conviently present at the right time when you need them most. Predictable as hell. This whole game is scripted and not dynamic.Gameplay is mostly about letting you walk around a room, a cave or small outdoor sector to solve a puzzle and trying to make the world look bigger than it actually is by making you have to walk from one corner of the sector to the other and back again to push buttons and levers and collect necessary items. This is not a big world, simply a lot of small sectors stitched together combined with a slow walking speed.The story and atmosphere are kind of okay but nothing to write home about either. I get the feeling this is supposed to be more like an ""experience"" than a game. The VR with an Oculus Rift is decent and very much recommended because I can't imagine me playing this game longer than 60 minutes if I didn't have a Rift. Even if you do like this game, it's probably a one time experience at best. It has very limited replayability as it's just a scripted story.To sum it up, the game just fails at almost everything it tries to achieve:Puzzles are too boring and easy and just included to keep the total gametime artificially long, action is non existent, story is nothing special, survival is a joke, the ""big world"" is a small world. Graphics are bland but okay, music is absent, sound is okay, game is buggy.I really wished this was more like the old Unreal game and then with a bigger procedurally generated world and with survival aspects. Unreal had good graphics, fast paced action, nice puzzles, an awesome atmosphere, fast pace story telling and very good music. Guess I was wrong about this one and fell for the hype surrounding it. It could have been a winner but I'll never play it again. Maybe nice for patient people with a lot of imagination but even those would have to agree it's not more to them than a 6 out of 10 as there are far better games than this one in the ""puzzle genre"".For anyone else, it's probably a 3 out of 10. Nice try, but no cigar."
76561197976319757,Not Recommended,313630,23609563,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dirty Rotten Flieger,"It all starts off so promising.  I like the visuals and the moons effecting the tides was an intersting mechanic that could have been put to good use, but it quickly degenerates into, running down  a boring cave corridor to get a  key and run all the way back to open a door.... rinse repeat. Over and over again.  Like empty Skyrim caves.No challenge even on the hardest difficulty. No puzzles worth the name puzzle.The infinate oil torches are just a god mode cheat. . The cold no longer is a problem, and you get the infinate oil torches at the start of level one!  I advise anyone starting the game to limit them selves to one oil torch. Carrying three makes the cold mechanic irrelevant.If this game had some alien animals that were attracted to heat and you had to throw your torch as a decoy that would help imensely. But there are no animals to attack or chase you. Just a couple of rare creatures that you can easily evade with out even trying.I get why games want to avoid first person shooting things all the time, but in this case it was just boring.The Long Dark found a perfect balance of conflict between the player and the wildlife. It isn't a shoot everything on sight game but you do still have to be afriad of wolves and bears. The the Long dark I would fight them off with a torch most of the time and rarely shoot with my precious bullets only to eat the animal and use it's skin,  In The Solus project you just begin to realize that there will be nothing  intersting arround the next corner or over the next hill... Just more keys and locks. Nothing will really challenge you or threaton you.I must admit I havn't finished it yet. I got to the Giant windmill and was finally staved to death by the mindless tedium of it all.I wonder about these non violent games being part of Political Correctness... Was this game made by people who don't like violence in video games? I'm left wondering if the devs are Vegans and disaprove of people killing anything even if only to eat it and survive in a video game.Such a shame the visuals and setting are intreging but i'm still searching for the gameplay > maybe it is on the next island level..."
,Recommended,313630,24510445,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tempest,"I have to say that this is a great game. I am playing it using the Vive, and the VR is done very well.The only issue I have with the VR is I feel like using the teleport to move is cheating.  Without giving away anything major, there are some traps that are easily avoided by teleporting past them.  Also, it took me a while to realize that crafting 2 rocks makes a sharp rock, which can cut the fence at the beginning because I was able to teleport past the fence.Other than that, it is an amazing game thus far."
76561198128293176,Recommended,313630,24626752,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Happy Frog,Really fun game to play.  The crafting/item use I think could use some adjusting (I'd like to have to do something and not just point and click.  With the VIVE the intro as well as the menu screen are freaking unreal.  If I'm not sitting then I dam sure am standing as if i was riding a snowboard or something just to keep from falling.  I swear that main menu is going to give me a heart attack.
76561198121198906,Recommended,313630,24444693,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Delivus,"I picked this game up within the first week it was in EA (I am an EA survival game recovering addict). When I learned they were going to eventually add VR support, I held off playing past the first area and waited. I am so glad I did! Not only do I now get to play through the entire game but I also get to experience something on a whole different level with VR. It really gives you the feeling you are exploring a different world. I am only a few hours in but its a great experience. I recommend this game to any VIVE (or other HMD) user looking for full on game! Its crazy because the VR experience actually made me have the strangest dreams after playing last night. The graphics are great (running on a 1070 had a huge performace boom over my old 970) the music is great, but, the immersion factor is what will keep you coming back. This game fulfills what I originally imagined VR to be like.10/10 for providing a close encounter with a tornado which will likely never happen to me in RL while living in Arizona."
,Recommended,313630,25080760,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,bug ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"Spooky, Awesome, and most feature rich vr game i have in terms of story and gameplay mechanics"
76561197964331808,Recommended,313630,26708418,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The CyberDemon,"For the first few hours playing the game, I was kinda bored walking around. But then I got to the caves and the underground world. Very suspenseful and somewhat terrifying, lots of nasty booby traps. Great game so far, having a good time. Hint: if you want to not worry so much about survival and enjoy the story, pick Easy mode."
76561198105062272,Recommended,313630,28494766,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hiddevnuland,"Fun to play, quality storyline and fun mechanics. The ending was kind of a downer for me though, as it was kind of obvious from about halfway through how the game was going to end. It did, however, manage to get me hooked and lose track of time."
,Recommended,313630,25083872,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RedTalon,So immersive so good
,Recommended,313630,25503705,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,PRISON MIKE ☎ ✂ ✉ ✎,"Has a lot of issues and sometimes is a bit difficult to play, but still an epic experience. Needs to be optimized a bit more but feels very immersive. The survival aspect is fun and the plot keeps you engaged. Good to have a full experience released on the Vive."
,Recommended,313630,28244007,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Luke_Aventino,"This is great! Thank you for this experience. I had a few jump scares that got me cursing and having my girlfriend asking"" - What's wrong with you?""Fun and simple to use crafting system.Overall, a great experience in VR.A must have.Luke"
,Recommended,313630,29881186,Posted: 12 February,all,Roman Guro,"for Oculus users. If your Oculus controllers do not work in the game, try to put Windows 7 compatibility for exe file. First run SteatVR and game after. Beautiful survival game. One of the few games for VR with the real story."
,Recommended,313630,29285041,Posted: 15 January,all,Revel8tion,"This is VR only feedback.  The issue motivating me to write is the controls in VR.  I love this type of game, with crafting and exploration.  THANK YOU for locomotion option!  Huge plus!  But PLEASE improve the control scheme overall.  Please, study Vivecraft controls for the java minecraft, they are amazingly well done.  If you implement vivecraft style controls for this you would knock it out of the park.  In this game it's difficult to do simple things that you can blaze through in minecraft.  (Left trigger locomotes you wherever your left controller is pointed.  Right trigger is action.  Right Thumbpad brings up menu.  Left thumbpad jumps.  In this case maybe squeeze buttons should be for droppping.  Also, some kind of visual feedback for combining needs to be implemented.  It's so confusing combining heavy rocks into sharp rocks. (pick this up, open menu, drop that, point that at that,, it's too much.  Just maybe make a simple box style combine.)  In VR, to put oil on a torch, just poke it into the oil (or make the + action menu come up when the objects interact.  Rework that system and I'll be ready to recommend this to everyone.  As it stands I was pretty close to a refund, but I know your VR support is still experimental.I like the world, the enviroment, and the setting.  Very cool to watch a night pass in VR and see the moon go by."
76561198046530973,Recommended,313630,29528165,Posted: 27 January,all,-@Davor,"To cut the long story short, I love this game. The world is beautifiul and diverse, atmosphere is just right, mechanics work flawlessly. If you enjoy adventure games, exploration and survival, you won't regret spending a bit of money on The Solus Project."
76561198126441381,Recommended,313630,30640853,Posted: 20 March,all,LdyNightshadow,"Wowzers! After completing the main story line in 21 hours I loved it immencely. I still have a lot to do secret and lore wise to complete the game fully, but im sure i'll get round to it at some point.Atomspherically it was amazing, always keeping me on my toes and creeping me out at times, I dont have a single bad thing to say about it.The open world is beautiful to look at, with environmental factors to take into, you can very easily at first be killed by being too hot, or cold, or even by the occational tornado or thunder storm.I haven't had the chance to try this in VR yet, but I imagine it is just as breathtaking :) 10/10 for atmosphere and play.If I had to say one bad thing about the game it would probably be; unless there is going to be a sequal, the ending was a little disapointing, it didn't have that umph that most endings have, so please do release another game!!I will be buying the predisesor to the Solus Project, which you have called ""the ball""...I look forward to what it is like! :)"
76561198102212320,Recommended,313630,29285465,Posted: 15 January,all,brucenielson1,"As a VR game, this one is a must have for any survival game enthusiasts. Also, it's an amazing world to explore that really does make you feel like you've crashed on an alien world. It's constantly giving you that thrill of discovery while you battle the elements to survive."
,Recommended,313630,29577958,Posted: 29 January,all,Shamsquamch,"By the most I've had in a survival/exploration game... I can't tell you how much fun I've had figuring out all the interesting yet simple puzzles.  If you enjoy exploring, this is the game for you.  If you're into puzzles, it may seem a bit lacking.   Sound design mixed with the amazingly well done environments made my jaw drop on multiple occasions.  I can't recommend this game enough to gamers with a heart for exploration and those who enjoy a good sci-fi story.  I've played this game for almost 15 hours and I've still not discovered everything or finished the game!"
76561198036345181,Recommended,313630,32958755,Posted: 28 June,all,bluemonk12,"Really awesome game. Definitely grew on me.  The volatile elements, tornados, hail, violent storms, extreme hots gave way to extreme colds, kept me on my toes.  The game gets more eerie as you progress and uncover the mystery beings.  Not necessarily survival horror, but the weirdness of being on an harsh alien planet and the uncertainty of anything gave way to some scary moments."
,Recommended,313630,26255716,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Taksi,The most polished and in-depth adventure game currently on VR. I prefer their arificial motion and pointed gestures to the trope of teleport and laughable physics. Worth getting lost in.
76561198054411987,Recommended,313630,22754967,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Shockwave,"Nice Game don´t read reviews, try it.....one small tip to set off the annoying ingame Developers Message :go to game library - TheSolusProject /Solus / Config / and open the DefaultGame.inithen search for the line:  DisplayDevMessage=True and write it like this : DisplayDevMessage=FalseDONE ;)"
,Recommended,313630,22401296,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DawnKai | ENEMY SPOTTED,"I have passed 3rd episode today and I think I am worthy writing this review.The Solus Project is not really a survival - I mean you collect items which you can store, you have dehydriation and starvation system. The game though is mostly focused around exploring and collecting.In most of normal games like this you expect to be led with single road.Well in Solus... There is LOTS of jumping. Might as well call it jumping simulator 2016.The story is getting deeper and deeper.And this is the point when this game becomes... horror. In a good way that is.Creepy Caves? Dangerous Traps? Spooky Scary Skeletons? You like that?Good, then buy this game.Your main task is basically to reconect with mankind after crash on Gliese.The Earth is at the edge of extinction and you are the LAST hope of humanity.But! As you will realise, the task will not be so simple.Not only you must collect the parts for the comm tower, but you also have to survive the weather.That's not all! There is much deeper story... and ancient civilisation to be discovered!Well, the bad sides? The game is freshly in release and the devs are giving patches really often, so there aren't many.But, if you are really a nerd and like to play the new maps immediately, you can encounter many bugs&stuff such as:- Sound Glitches (sometimes)- Teleport Glitches (Teleport gun is a weapon that can save you... or kill you)- Irritating Survival Pad (My gosh, this is the most annoying peace of junk in this game)- ""WARNING! Operator Cold and Wet, Temperature Droping!"" - no comment, kill my life- Hard secrets to find (for some it may be good like for me, but I know some people don't like to be tossed into small pixels of the map just to get a small relic)I think that's all, the HUD is similar to Stranded Deep, the vibe is similar to The Forest and Caves like in Nightmare Dungeon.TL;DR version:You like spookies and survival games? Buy this. Really. Do.(Those crying childreen skeletons - please save me from this hell)"
76561198071695540,Recommended,313630,26265654,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sarguhn,"Really enjoyed this game. Don't wanna spoil anything so won't go into specifics, but put on a decent headset, turn of the lights and emerse yourself in this world. Defenately worth it. I played without VR."
,Recommended,313630,23187697,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ritsuka,"I recommend it and dont at the same time i love this game but theres one major issue i am having with it, sound keeps breaking up when only a lil over an hr in game ex 77min causing fps to drop below one and the entire thing to freeze for a minute or two. If it's a chipset compatibility issue like devs are saying they need to put a warning on the store page so ppl can make an educated purchase. Great game great story so far and great graphics. Love it all except the damn sound clutter."
,Recommended,313630,24254052,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nu7s,"In my opinion the first AAA title on the Vive. Controls have gotten a lot of criticisms, but I enjoy them. Great game, great atmosphere."
76561198027117855,Recommended,313630,23786357,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"This game is outstanding! It is the BEST SURVIVAL GAME that I've ever played! Many other survival games fall short of excellence for one reason or another, but alas, it has been achieved! This isn't your typical game with enemies running around and fighting. This game is truly about survival. The only enemy you truly fight is the plethora of wild climate changes and climate anomalies, which will effect your health if you aren't careful. This means avoiding rain if possible, keeping cool on the hot days and warm at night, along with getting a proper rest. Sleeping is important, you must find a safe place to sleep as well. The music is great, the environment is stunning, and the game performance is excellent. Gameplay is fun and elegantly intricate with simple ways of achieving complex things (e.g. REALLLY easy to make a torch, etc.). I would recommend this game to anyone, because aside from the survival, there are tons of secrets to be found (which help you in your survival efforts). In my gameplay thus far, numerous awesome events have occurred, and I was immersed deeply in the gameplay the entire way through. This game is one of my new favorites, and I can't wait to get back to this planet to continue my survival, and my mission. I may be the last hope for those that remain out there, I must try to survive and make contact. Enjoy the game everyone! I am loving it, and I will keep my review updated as my story progresses."
,Recommended,313630,22570342,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Valraven,You are earths last hope for a new settlement on an alien plante you crash landed on. When you got out of the capsule you are alone  on this planet and there are no signs of intellegent or humanoid life.Alone...? Are you?I really do not want to spoil the story to anyone who considers to buy this game but it is just an awesome experience. The only thing I will say about this game is that the developers of the game really know how to build up tension in this amazing sci-fi setting.The only con to this game is to wait for the next episodes to come out. But still 100/10.For me this is the game of 2016
76561197970641550,Recommended,313630,24248328,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ChicagoTed,"Amazing atmosphere for an adventure game with survival elements. Beautiful exotic alien landscapes to wander.  Love the setting and desperation you feel trying to help the last vestages of mankind. The voice acting was excellent. The mystery always leaves you wanting more. The gameplay isn't the most complex but I found the overall experience very satisfying. The tone and atmosphere of the game reminds me of the movie insterstellar. You never fight or shoot anything. Although there are a few monsters to run from horror game style.If you like sci fi where mankind struggles to survive, and adventure games with survival elements that are more about the experience than super deep gameplay, give this a try.If sci fi isn't your thing, or if you don't care for relatively light stories or adventure games, stear clear. There is a lot of walking and places to explore."
76561198056726152,Recommended,313630,24415051,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,shooter87,"This is a must buy game. I wasn't expecting to have as much fun as I did. The game ran smoothly, the graphics were great, and the story I can not express the satiaction I had with it. The mystery is amazing. Well done developers I hope they make another one in the near future. Great game guys."
76561197985664687,Recommended,313630,23632795,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Geezer,"I got this for the Vive, and let me tell you, the VR controls need some polish.  That said, it's till a pretty cool game once you figure out the controls.  It's a ""crafting"" kind of game and I haven't had a lot of success with those in the past, but this one doesn't over-do it.  The devs are working on it according to Reddit, and considering the obvious level of ""love"" in the game itself, I'm sure the VR will get there."
,Recommended,313630,25684276,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Marmar,A real game for the vive! The controls are pretty intuitive. Leaving a positive review to make up for all the bad ones they got when the VR implementation was still pretty raw.
,Recommended,313630,28113350,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Otsegoflesh,"I played this in VR with Oculus Rift - the experience was like nothing I've ever felt in any game, I was so consistently awe-struck at how beautiful and immersive everything was I was at a loss for words trying to describe the game to my friends. My first session was 8 hours in a single day - I couldn't put it down, and the VR is done perfectly so I never once got nauseous. This should be the standard bearer for how VR is done, honestly. I don't want to give too much away because much of this game's joy lies in discovery and exploration, but you'll be looking for items, solving puzzles, and surviving the elements while exploring dark caves, mysterious ruins, and strange beaches all in a hostile alien planet... so if you like survival-horror heavy on exploration with a sci-fi twist definitely give it a shot, if you've also got a Rift/ Vive I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,313630,25660283,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"My favorite game adapted to the Vive so far. Aside from real life, there is nothing that can compare to the VR experience of looking up at tornadoes and meteors coming down from the sky to ruin your day."
,Recommended,313630,25965057,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DraGGon2k,"Amazing game. Love the survival aspect and mystery, story, exploring etcDefinitely recommended."
,Recommended,313630,26584753,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,nuckFyx,"nice game with a great mix of survival, puzzle, mystery and horror elements."
76561198028702173,Recommended,313630,28138163,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Galahad,"HTC Vive review.Basically Prometheus meets The Martian. Except it's a full fleshed game and not another ""experience"".I was a bit confused by the gameplay and movement at first but make no mistake, this game is a grower. Once you'll get used to the controls you will be ready to begin a brilliant Sci-Fi aventure combining exploration, discovery and survival.The sense of presence and general atmosphere are amazing. You really feel like you're alone on this forsaken alien planet.As I was exploring this astonishingly well-crafted world I kept saying to myself ""WOW"", because thanks to VR I was THERE on the top of a giant tower looking at those 2 ominous moons hanging in the sky.Despite being focused on exploration, The Solus Project offers some cool survival aspects. The weather can be harsh (rain, thunder, extreme temperatures) but that's nothing compared to the tornadoes and the meteor showers trying to kill you occasionally. Another positive note is the sound. The effects are great and the music is top notch.I found the story quite engaging and I really recommend to everyone playing this to read all the lore infos on the stone tablets scattered across the world. It really helps to understand the ending.Technically speaking, the game ran just fine on low settings (except for textures resolution on medium) with super sampling set to 130 on my GTX 780Ti.My only problem is the same as every UE4 games in VR: that goddamn aliasing. It can really be annoying and it's a shame because The Solus Project is a gorgeous game.If you love adventure, good sci-fi and own a VR headset look no further. This is the game you're looking for.Congratulations to the team who made this. I really hope to play a sequel in the future."
76561198139809129,Recommended,313630,26607766,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Oran0105,This was an AMAZING game it constantly had me hesitatting wondering what was coming next im almost finished this game and am loving how suspenceful this game is it is totally worth the money and i definately recommend it.
,Recommended,313630,25691017,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,natedogg5693,"This game is absolutely fantastic on the Vive. Great atmosphere, and pretty sweet story line so far.10/10 would get spooked by spike ball things again."
,Recommended,313630,21454843,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TouriStarr,"A story driven sci-fi survival adventure.Let the story guide you through the game or play survival mode or explore the world or do it all together.  You have the freedom to go back and forth in this game and choose your own pace.Find secret artefacts and upgrades and adapt to the dynamic weather system.This game feels already very far evolved, offers a smooth gameplay and a fantastic design and setting.A must have for sci-fi adventure fans!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632566251http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632566048"
,Recommended,313630,21855727,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SirDannyMacFinn,"This game has some of the best and most interesting planetary exploration I've experienced. I liked searching for their secrets, it was awesome that they were included in the first place being that most games secrest are pretty lack luster. Their environments felt hostile and dangerous, and they had me creeping around every corner. I enjoyed the survival elements, I felt like they were prominant enough in the game where I wanted to get into them but not so overwhelming and complex that I was put off by it all.I very much like this game, a very well done experience. more of a mystery at this point than anything and I love that. I feel like if this game was a movie that it would be the first half of Prometheus. I absolutely love it."
,Recommended,313630,24316983,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,michael.steven.munoz,"Okay, I just finished playing this game. I didn't know exactly what I wanted to play. There are some tricky bits, however, there are not too many major puzzles that you find and completely stump you. Which is personally what I like when it comes to this kind of game. There was plenty of story line that is so very well thought out, all you have to do is take the time to read it. Huge plot twist at the end which I was not expecting. I fully recommend for anyone who wants to play an explorative survival game."
76561198093699766,Recommended,313630,23561168,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spy_Panda,"OMG, so happy this game exists. Beautiful soundtrack, graphics, atmosphere. All you could want in a survival game is here. Plus you are in another planet.100/100 METACRITIC"
76561198025284658,Recommended,313630,23692136,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Aurora,"*HTC Vive Review*Obviously I just started the game (only two hours on record), but this game is so awesome in VR that I really had to write a review!You're stranded on a weird alien planet, not knowing what is going on here, what dangers await you, and with a vast, beautiful landscape to look at. Sounds awesome? It really is!I really love how dynamic the landscape appears to be and how dangerous this new environment feels - yes, nothing really jumps you (at least not that far in the game), but you certainly feel threatened. The atmosphere is really fantastic which it manages to uphold the whole time.VR controls:It's really great that you can adjust so many options - do you prefer to walk around yourself? There you go. Do you prefer teleporting around? There's also an option for that.The controls themselves are not perfect (not very intuitive), but after a while you certainly will get used to them.Overall I think this is one of the greatest experiences which I had so far on the HTC Vive and I'm really looking forward to continue the story!---------------EDIT: As of the 07.11.2016, I'm still very excited about this game and also stacked up some more gaming experiences:The developers overworked the VR controls and they are now really great - instead of scrolling though your whole inventory, you now can select the preferred item by looking at it in a big inventory screen. This works really well and is so much better than before!Also you are now able to press buttons on your device via your other vive controller, which makes for instance the whole sleep process much easier than before.Overall, this game is still one of the most rewarding and complete experiences I had so far for the HTC Vive."
76561198063073490,Recommended,313630,23594240,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,erik.sjon8,"Yes, not bad at all..., 3 hours in one go and no motion sickness. :)this is absolutlely worth the money, and the game play.If i have to say something ""bad"", it has to be the ring you have the next hour in your face from the VR mask. :)"
,Recommended,313630,23658526,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nave,The BEST game on the HTC vive right now. The controls are getting better with each update. Seriously if you want to be transported to a new world with hours of adventure get this game on the Vive right now. My jaw is constantly on the floor.Thank you devs for all your hard work and being ballsy enough to port this to the Vive. Its incredible.9.5/10 GOTY 2016.
,Recommended,313630,24000469,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OcularAvulsion,"Unfortunately, I should not recommend this game, but I'm going to.  It is my favorite VR game so far and I've got quite a few of them.  It puts you in a world that looks beautiful and badass.  A few hours in, you will encounter some skin crawling situations and in VR you are right in the middle of it.  It is an amazing experience and quite possibly the best survival game.  There is a good chance, however, that you will encounter a bug in which the loading screen takes literal hours to complete(even outside of VR on a PC above recommended specs).  Also, from what I have read, a lot of people are just getting an error message and wait time is not an option.  You may Love this game.  Then again, if you encounter this after becoming overwhelmingly addicted, you will hate it.  Okay, I don't hate it.  I'm just freaking out and need to get my fix.  This game is my drug."
,Recommended,313630,24266900,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,snobaste,"It takes a lot for me to enjoy a survival game: I find most either too punishing or downright frustrating. The Solus Project manages to be neither of those, while at the same time keeping your stress level just high enough that you never feel exactly safe. The game provides you beautiful vistas and a wonderful soundtrack to admire, but then rips you back into reality by reminding you that you are rarely ever safe. This combination of peaceful and stressful moments is perfectly balanced and creates an incredibly unique experience.I played the game through on my Rift and it is one of the most complete and polished VR games to exist at the moment. VR support is amazingly well done for being experimental. The game is downright gorgeous in VR, and all of the mechanics translate over well. The only qualm I have is that inventory management—scrolling in one direction through each inventory item individually—got annoying near the end, especially when you're dealing with extremes in temperature and really don't want to pull out your torch in a scorching hot environment.The gameplay is relatively simple while at the same time never feeling too easy. Your basic goals are to survive and keep moving forward: you have to maintain your basic vitals (body temperature, hydration, and nourishment) while moving into new areas, each one more deadly than the last. There's an old-school point-and-click feel in the mechanics, with much of your time spent searching for that one special item or finding ways to combine the items available to you. There are tons of secrets hidden off of the beaten path, and hunting them down while oftentimes risking your life is a lot of fun.The game's story is enthralling and plays itself out in both passive (pages from journals, tablets with carved language/images, one-way transmissions to your character) and active (interacting with alien lifeforms) ways. Despite being battered by the elements, I felt compelled to hunt down as many pieces of the story as I could to better understand the situation upon Gliese-6143-C. A few of the later transmissions you recieve are downright harrowing, with incredible voice acting bringing poignant feelings of isolation and desperation across.Near the end of the game I was legitimately sad that my time on Gliese-6143-C was coming to a close. I definitely have to say that I got my money's worth, and I really hope to see more games from these devs!"
,Recommended,313630,23562368,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ForceKin,"This game is great. I bought it after they implemented VR support and have been playing/streaming it on the Vive. The atmosphere in the game is incredibly immersive with great sound direction and music. The visuals are beautiful, even on low settings, and the story and gameplay are interesting and addictive. These devs are very dedicated to making a quality experience, in VR or otherwise, and it shows. Definitely worth picking up. If you have the Vive, play it on that. It's amazing and one of the better VR titles available at the moment. Certainly the longest story-based game out on the Vive as of my writing this review."
,Recommended,313630,24851128,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TBG,"Two words, Simply Amazing. Yes, there may not be much combat but I'm am 100% fine with it when there is such amazing exploration in the game with many hidden secrets where I have only found a few. It's a trie exploration game. I had this game in my library after buying it in June and playing it only for an hour and ten minutes, but I started to play again and I didn't regret it. I finished the story and II won't reveal anything, but there was this one part where it was very similar to the movie Prometheus (which you should watch). Its so similar to the movie and it made me understand more. Honestly, the texts and such on the wall, I didn't really pay attention to much. But, I always would try and hover over them to get them into my explorer diary so if I wanted, I could read it later. I don't remember where I saw this game, but I quickly knew that I had to get it. Amazing game, the story could've been better, and very well done by the creators for the effort they put into this game. 10/10 would play again."
76561197987486284,Recommended,313630,31633075,Posted: 8 May,all,Cetnik,Highly recomended to those who like a survival game with some mild scary bits! The beginning is a tad slow but does a good job of easing you into life on another planet.
,Recommended,313630,22236971,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Blyatomir,"Got body slammed by a meteor, reloaded and had a tornado reap my soul.11/10  would appreciate the random weather generator."
76561197973470689,Recommended,313630,23506406,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,breaker45,"Great game, especially in VR. It's a little light on action since it's primarily a game about exploration and survival, but everything is very polished, and the scenery and the subtle storytelling are intriguing enough to keep me coming back for more. With the Vive, the scenery really leaves you feeling like you're actually standing on an alien planet. Very well done."
,Recommended,313630,23987078,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,O'Malley de Bough,"A True AdventureI remember seeing The Solus Project first showcased at E3 2015.  I was immediately intrigued by the idea of playing as a sole survivor on an unknown alien planet.Fast forwarded to February 2016.  A friend mentioned this neat new game that came out for early access.  Low and behold it was The Solus Project, released as the first episode.  I immediately bought it and began my adventure.The game opens up with you, the seemingly sole survivor of a scout ship explosion in oribt above the planet known as Gliese 6143-C.  You find yourself in slight confusion as debris from your ship surrounds you and continues to fallf rom the sky.  But once you get your bearings, the adventure really begins. Your immediate goal  is to build a communication tower to get in contact with the rest of the Human fleet lying somewhere amongst the stars.I was truly blown away by the world set before me.  Never have I been in an environment so alien, yet there exists elements that give it Earthly similarities.  This perfect balence reminded me that planets like this truly must exist somewhere out there.  Exotic looking beaches, massive rocky outcrops, and bizarre flora define Gliese 6143-C as truly alien.  For a time you feel as if Gliese is completely untouched, but soon you realize it was once inhabited by a race of humanoid beings.  Explore the ruins and stories left behind by these people and discover the secrets behind Gliese 6143-C.Perhaps one of the most interesting elments of The Solus Project is the lack of enemies.  Most of the game relies on you walking from point A to B, mostly unhindered by any physical antagonist.  However, something just as deadly surrounds you at all times--The environment.Yes, that's right.  The environment can andwillkill you.  The planet will do what it can to make your adventure difficult.  The weather is caustic and unpredictable.  Daily temperatures can reach 115 degrees Farhenheit, then the next thing you know a brutal storm rolls in and you're running for your life from a violent tornado.Apart from surviving the elements, you must find food and water--Oh, and periodically find a safe place to sleep.  You will be required to plan carefully as to not blow through your supplies.I highly recommend The Solus Project for anyone looking for a good story while still having a strong focus on survival."
,Recommended,313630,23982148,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,spacearchaeology,"Probably the best space archaeology game of 2016 - and we're only halfway through the year. You have survived the wreck of a scouting mission to a potential colony world. Your mission now is to keep surviving, build a transmitter and discover the secrets of a mysterious planet.Those secrets are multi layered and engaging enough to keep your interest to the very end of the game, in a setting of gorgeous, deadly and fiendishly puzzling alien ruins and landscapes.Strongly recommended!"
76561197968572064,Recommended,313630,23839971,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Infowarz,"This is an intense game. I love it so much and there are no enemies, only the enviroment! Each minute gets you closer to what happened on the planet. 10/10"
76561198061256825,Not Recommended,313630,28645099,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wassupwiyou,"As played on a high rig PC.A pity this game's interface is such rubbish because it had the makings of something good, special even. But the muddled procedure you have to go through to combine items and 'craft' them is terrible. It took a while before I found I had to discard items and then find a different item from the inventory to modify the discarded one. So if you want to eat canned food you find a tin, discard it, perform clicks to open the can with a sharp rock, then pick up said can again and click to eat the content. Clumsy, barmy, inane. Whoever concocted this convoluted method must have had common sense lessons from a confused monkey that fell out of a tree while trying to learn the alphabet backwards.Graphically the game is pretty good and the scenario is sound enough, only in my view the implementation is awful. The inventory system needs an overhaul (well, trashing actually). Why not have a designated key for eating and drinking from items possessed, if not text options to click on? Simple. This is so basic and fundamental it's quite amazing how some folk like to complicate the mechanics of the simplest of tasks as if eating and drinking is a challenging riddle in itself. Despair.At the outset you have to exit from a small area. However, I decided jumping was the most logical means but there was an artifical barrier that stopped me from simply dropping a couple of feet over to the other side. Hmm, bad start, I thought and wasn't proved wrong. After wandering around the beaches for hours searching for numerous parts to build a comms rig I became tired of eating , drinking, being advised my suit was wet, etc etc, and decided to see 1/ How far I could scale the cliffs, and 2/ If I could swim to the other islands not too far out to sea. I managed to scale the cliffs with some effort while logically thinking that there must be ship debris up there to collect. But no, nothing whatsover despite the wreckage strewn on the beaches  below. An opportunity missed surely. Regarding swimming to the other islands, you can't because you hit an invisible barrier halfway there.Is this really open world? Well, yes, but in a restrictive sort of way. I think this game needs to be thought out more. For starters ditch the clumsy inventory interface and the continual reminders you're wet, thirsty, hungry, etc. Yawn... If this is a survival game let's have options to turn off the hand-holding. On that note I am personally sick of the Simple Simon approach to most game designs these days as if evey player has an IQ lower than a gorilla with dementia.The game promised a lot but there needs to be more freedom and intelligent structure. It needs a better user experience even at budget price. Work in progress I guess but 8/10 for effort and visuals."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,313630,32842094,Posted: 26 June,all,OnlyCurmudge,"If you are the sort of person who derives satisfaction from constantly monitoring various health stats and like to spend your time tending to them with abundant resources to keep them in an acceptable range, then this is your game.  If, on the other hand, you like an interesting story and fun gameplay then look elsewhere.  It calls itself an exploration game, but it is really quite linear, a lot in caves or very confined areas, with objective markers to lead you along, and not very interesting to explore even within the confines it provides."
17646358649563945,Recommended,313630,21305625,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,EroticMilkshake,"Really good potential and it's promising. LOVE IT SO FAR. I've waited for the game's release since I first saw it, and now I've been playing mostly offline non-stop since their early access release.Love the survival style and setting: aka ARK on an alien planet.The graphics are good, since it's running on Unreal Engine 4. The world is just amazing. It is gorgeous and at the same time frightening.The secrets the story has (episodic?) is SO GOOD.If I'm going to compare this game to something, it would be the universe of Prometheus and Alien. The dark dungeons, the outside world. PERFECT. Just without the snake-like Facehugger. Although you'll find similar ""eggs"" relatable to the movies later in the game.I'd say this game is really worth the little money the devs are asking for, though it just came out on early access and probably have flaws somewhere, however, I've had zero problems throughout the game."
,Recommended,313630,24734066,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JoinedSenses,"So, I ended up really enjoying this game, which isnt typical of me and exploration games. The Solus Project sets a really good vibe from the start and looks absolutely amazing. During my gameplay, I ended up staying up too late a few nights during the week since I didnt want to stop exploring.The only thing I'd like to see is a NewGame+ without having to worry about survivability and stats (increased speed), allowing pure exploration.Anyways, if you get the chance, definitely pick this game up or add it to your wishlist for those steam sales. I also suggest getting it bundled with ""The Ball"", also by Teotl Studios/Grip Digital."
,Recommended,313630,24933063,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Danglerack Frumblesnatch,"After a buggy start, a patch was forthcoming and my woes were cured. i started the game again and played it through in a DK2.The vista's are awe inspiring, the game play is challenging, the puzzles are well thought out. But the thing that stays with me was the last island... when i approached the massive building there were tornados everywhere, they sweep right past you and lift you off your feet. It was the most immersive a game has ever been, i was wiping my head to get the rain off me! its probably one of the most impressive things i have seen in VR so far! Its one of those games i remember as an actual memory rather than a playthrough. VR can do that to you if its done right and these guys did it!It has its issues, some of the paths are not very clear and you might stumble about looking for certain items to progress for an overly long time.. but since you are actually in the world, thats forgiveble as soon as you look up and see the sky or the massive statues or any number of other eye candies. It ran very well on the DK2 with a sub par machine on high settings. i ran it on medium in the end as some bits were taxing but thats purely my rig. Overall it did very well. I give it 8/10 (it loses 1 point for the ending being totally illogical and 1 point for slightly hard to read PDA in oculus.. both fixable) i wont elaborate on the ending as i dont want to spoil anything. Definitely worth the cash to play in VR. I cant comment on how engrossing it is on a monitor as i didn't try it that way, it seemed pointless after experiencing it rather than playing it. Very nice game. well done!"
,Recommended,313630,24531098,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Revrak,"Some things are not yet implemented in VR , but it's still a fantastic experience in VR."
,Recommended,313630,25166458,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,EvntHorizn,Really enjoyed the experience in VR.  I may have been a little caved out by the end but it was still pretty awesome to explore.  Hope it does well enough to make a sequel :)
76561198025738896,Recommended,313630,25190018,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sorin,"This is a nice survival based adventure. You get dropped on an alien planet and you have to gather pieces to build a radio while figuring out what is going on and what happend to your ship. More you have to keep track of your environment so that you don't run out of food or water.I've played it all in VR and it's pretty good. Tracking and movmenet works just fine and makes you feel there.The only problems I've encoutered are:- stairs (you have to point to the horizontal part of the steps which if horrible when you want to go up).- Interactions. You just point at two objects and pull the trigger to get them to interact. It would be more imersive if you would have to get them to touch.- Getting lost in caves, but I guess that's intended.Overall is a good VR game, and I hope the developers fix the last missing bits."
,Recommended,313630,24529125,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Def,"This game even if not perfect is really enjoyable on the HTC Vive. The focus is mainly on exploration and does not requires reflexes or shooting skills. The ambiance is well done and you truly lose yourself on the planet and its caves!Plus it has the advantage to be a ""Real"" game (8h and still not finish) rather than an experience or a demo for the Vive.If you have an HTC Vive and like ambiance game, with a good story and nice immersion do not hesitate."
76561197973483579,Recommended,313630,24560879,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,baka,"Great atmosphere, great game"
,Recommended,313630,24543267,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,paulohotline®,"The Solus Project in VR is an amazing room scale experience with the Vive wand controllers. The graphics and atmosphere on this strange planet are top notch and can really immerse you in VR. If you do not own this game in your VR, buy it now, great fun and worth the $21CAN purchase."
76561197966005479,Recommended,313630,24578474,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Trotters,I'm playing this on the vive and all I've done so far is wonder around on a beach and craft a few things.  The game looks stunning and the VR implementation is great already!  The devs say they're adding a few more vive specific VR enhancements so I'm considering waiting before I carry on.For £15 you normally only get about an hour on a VR game at the moment.  I've had a great hour so far and know there are many more to come :)
,Recommended,313630,24920664,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kaleign Genikal Gilkaen Kaelign,"Best game I've played on the Vive so far. The environment is beautiful and the survival exploration gameplay is exciting. The plot is great so far and I skipped meals because I was so into the play session.I use teleport locomotion, though there are multiple options. Inventory system works well and I've had no interface problems while collecting items and solving puzzles.Looking forward to finding enough time to complete the rest of the game."
,Recommended,313630,24357804,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,eigilh,"I like pretty much all about this game. It's a mix of exploration and non-horror survival game. There are a few quite scary moments during the game play, but not so much. I don't like horror, so it was good to find a survival game without it. As an exploration game there are some puzzles to be solved as well, but not to the extend I'd call it a puzzle game. The game comes with a story which is told through notes in various ways. If you like you can just follow the story, as I did, or you can do a lot of exploration and discover secret areas.The story, the ambient soundtrack, the pretty graphics and the challenges. Together they form an immersive experience that makes you always want to move on just a little more, regardsless of what time it is, or what other obligations you should have."
76561197971178938,Recommended,313630,24952485,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DynamicJahnTeller,"I bought this game after they fixed it for the Vive (apparently the locomotion etc in early VR builds was not very good).In its current state, with a GTX1080, it runs beautifully and the locomotion and other VR aspects are beyond awesome. The immersion and exploration/adventure in a completely VR world, with a decent play-length, are exactly what I was looking for when I bought a Vive in the first place.My only hint is, don't forget to use the crouch button, as this is occasionally necessary, and might be hard to find.I have had some crashes and what-not, but with a newly released graphics card and newly minted VR support I am ok with this. - EDIT: with upgraded graphics drivers I don't seem to have crashes any more"
,Recommended,313630,24659555,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,m3lancholy,One of the best games I played in the last couple of years. Totally worth it. Hoping the devs keep working to make the VR version better so I can replay it on the Vive.
,Recommended,313630,24985608,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lars Greatspoon,Incredible VR experience. I'm blown away by the depth of immersion you can get with this game.
76561198069871893,Recommended,313630,25141237,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,thelastepic,"This is an expierence that requires patience and attention to detail. The puzzles are not hard, and it doesn't hold your hand. You have to figure out things for yourself. The game nails atmosphere and sound design for sure. Its not perfect it fails as a survival game, but the experience and atmosphere drew me in big time. If you like Sci Fi creepy games give this one a try.Give this a try I enjoy the time I spent with it and I think you will too."
,Recommended,313630,26514728,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Raybo58,"I just finished the game and enjoyed it immensely. The atmosphere, the architecture, the control systems, the VR, the inventory system, the layout, and the challenges were all outstanding. I especially liked the fact that there were extremely few places where twitch skills were required. There are plenty of dangeous aspects in this game that will get your blood pumping, but having to press the right key combinations at the right time won't be among the things giving you stress. So as long as you manage your food supply wisely, you can play at a pretty leisurely pace. I'm also pretty proud of the fact that, with only one excpetion at the very beginning of the game, I never felt compelled to go look up the solution for any mystery or puzzle I was up against. Some were extremly tough and complicated, but it was designed so well that things never felt totally hopeless.I would have played the whole thing in VR except it's simply not comfortable enough to wear the gear for 93 hours (I tend to dawdle in exploration games). But with an i7-6800, 32 gigs of ram, a GTX 1080, a 4k 55 inch TV, and the game running at 3840 x 2160, it was almost as immersive and, by virtue of the higher resolution, more beautiful on a flatscreen. There were times when the gfx card got a bit too hot, but after some tweaks in MSI Afterburner, I was able to run it at Ultra settings with reasonable temps and smooth as glass 60fps rendering the whole run of the game.I think it's also worth noting that I didn't notice a single glitch, ever. No graphics, objects, or control glitches at all, which is really rare in any game this ambitious. There was only one thing that took me out of it and that was the very first spot where you wake up after the opening cutscene. I tried jumping up onto some pillars to escape the initial enclosure, but I kept bumping into an invisible barrier. When I finally figured out how to exit properly, I wrote the author stating that I thought that limitation would take people out of the immersion. He agreed, but assured me that it was the only spot in the game that didn't conform to intuitive movement. From what I saw, he turned out to be right.I really hope the authors will keep up the good work and that more people get wind of their excellence."
76561197971410012,Recommended,313630,28084147,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kzin [UK],"An amazing game - possibly my favourite game of all time.  If you're an SF fan, and ever imagined living on a distant planet, this is for you!  This is probably about as close as you will get to ""The Martian"" film as a video game.  After crashing, you are thrown in at the deep end, and must learn to surive before the harsh environment of this alien world kills you.  You must find food, water, shelter & tools, while dealing with temperatures that fluctuate wildly over the day & night, and violent rapidly-changing weather.  And just when you think you're managing to surive, the story takes some unexpected turns (you might not be alone...), which will see you travelling to new places, all the while struggling to survive.  These continually provide you with new challenges, so you never get bored (nor find things getting too easy).And despite being created by ""indie"" developers, this is a HUGE game, with massive sprawling areas, and tons of gameplay.  And the graphics are amazingly beautiful, while the sounds fit very well.  It's taken me upto 33 hours to finish (probably less due to Steam counting time paused).  (No doubt you could rush through it, and maybe finish it in half the time, but then I think you'd miss half the stuff & have half the fun.)But if you are looking for a first-person shooter (where you kill lots of aliens), or a horror game to scare you, then please look elsewhere!  This game is about exploration & the struggle for survival on an alien world, with a story & several mysteries that you gradually uncover.  There are definitely horror elements (especially later in the game), but it's not the central focus of the game.On the down side, while the major plot points are voiced, much of the smaller parts of the story are told through tons of short bits of text scattered everywhere, which you can find & read.  I'm not a fan of this kind of story telling in games, and even though time slows down while you read them, time does still pass (especially as the text appears gradually), so it's harder to survive if you spend time reading them!  What I now do is glance at the bits of text, which stores it in my ""Journal"", and then occasionally pause the game & read them from my Journal instead.  At the very least the game ought to completely pause while you read the text.  And I'd have preferred less individual bits of text to read (it's not essential but you will miss-out on the background story of how things ended-up as they are... which will mean you won't fully understand the ending of the game).Another down side is that the game's performance can drop very badly after playing it for a few hours, almost as if it is running out of memory (due to a memory leak).  Quitting & restarting the game will fix that.Apart from that, the game feels VERY polished.  They must have play-tested it heavily, because although challenging, it's almost impossible to be completely lost or overlook something important.  (Despite it's huge sprawling areas & freedom to do whatever you want.)I highly recommend buying this game, even at full price.  It's massive value-for-money.  Just don't expect tons of voice acting...  Nor an ending that doesn't leave itself open to a sequel!"
76561197970509129,Recommended,313630,28305668,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kip,"PLayed with HTC ViveSlow paced exploration game perfect for VR. Managed to get my VR legs after 3 or 4 hours.Amazing alien architecture and amazing sense of scale.You feel alone on a desolate land , most of the time.... Always on edge.Great game. Will remeber it as my first real VR game.Not a fan of survival so I turn difficulty to none."
76561198050778548,Recommended,313630,26284569,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mcflurry Díaz,"This is a space/survial-exploring game where you are the last hope of human kind, and need to explore one of the possible liveable planets.If you like REAL survival games, space games and good story games, this is defenitely for you, don't listent to those bad reviews, go and check for yourself, they are complaning about the things that make a survival game a SUVIVAL GAME, things like dying of hypothermia, insolation, starvation, storms, meteorites etc.Another thing some ppl are complaning about is the lack of map, yes, there is no map or mini map, so you need to memorize the terrain you are exploring, this is maybe a bad or good thing for you, depends on tastes, for me is a good thing due to the kind of game this is; SURVIVAL.If you are looking for a good survival game (not too hard either), a good story, good graphics, if you like space movies with intereseting plot like ""the marcian"", ""interestellar"", ""space odyssey"" don't even think about it and BUY IT, but if you are looking more for an action game where you need to beat the hell out of aliens, stay away! this game is not for you, although if you are looking for something diferent, a no-too-hard survival game, you need to give it a try, just be pacient.9/10 Awesome!!, very original, interesting plot and gameplay."
,Recommended,313630,26318218,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dknighter,11/10 - This is by far the best VR game currently out. Definitely worth the money. Running away from a Tornado in VR is terrifying but I loved it! There's some other really terrifying things as well but I don't want to spoil it. I've been hooked on the game since I started playing and have currently played 3 hours straight in VR which is very long for me.
,Recommended,313630,27753785,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Arcticwolf,"An amazing game, that continues to amaze.Don't blink the dolls will get you!"
76561197989086731,Recommended,313630,27959669,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ichiban,Awesome in VR.
,Recommended,313630,28064283,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ghanth,A MUST-HAVE VR title if you like adventure game with a survival twist ! Epic !
,Recommended,313630,26342482,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,AndyMan,Astounding experience. It was challenging and so much fun to explore this becautiful and deadly world.
,Recommended,313630,26380811,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Clavus,"Where to begin... I played through this within 2 days, 12 hours in total. Needless to say I binged it, because it had me hooked. I played in VR with my Oculus Rift and gamepad.The setup seems quite simple, crashed on an alien planet with survival elements. However it reveals to be quite a neat narrative driven game with lots of exploration. Some survival elements like hunger and thirst didn't seem that hard to satisfy (the levels are littered with food and water), but maintaining body temperature gets interesting in some places.Exploration is the core of its appeal and, especially in VR, there are some crazy, ominous, beautiful and terrifying sights to behold in this game. It's perfect  for people that like to immerse themselves in virtual worlds. It gives a glimpse of what future big-budget VR gaming will hopefully deliver more of.On the VR side of things, it's very much a VRadaption, not a core VR game. It is a pretty good adaption but you'll need your VR legs. I recommend playing seated with a gamepad.I did find some bugs and sequence breaks along the way (it felt like I managed to shoot teleporter pads much further than intended), but generally things are pretty solid. Do play with async reprojection (at the time of writing in the SteamVR beta) or Oculus' ATW, since performance can dive under 90 fps in places."
76561197968184686,Recommended,313630,26464513,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,tartuga,Love this game. Playing it in VR (Vive). It works great. A must have for people who love sci-fi adventure games.
,Recommended,313630,26467553,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,iamzeroedin,"Blown away by the music, visuals, story, and enviornment. I was blown away by the first time I experienced a tornado and the asteroid shower. You get a really great feel for the weather and how it will hurt you as well. Enjoyed the voice acting and the writing as well. It almost feels like this is what No Mans Sky should've been."
,Recommended,313630,26624296,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Amorphous,It's fun to play
76561197990419321,Recommended,313630,27774854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,d!nk,"If you're not into exploring, then this game wont interest you.The Great->Atmosphere: some really creepy stuff, plus some awesome landscapes>Story and survival driven : go forward or die trying, solve tough puzzles, battle the elements>Every step feels like a new gameThe Not So Much->Not enough content for the price>Imo did not like the conspiracy theory endingIn the end I'm pleased with the purchase. It was a very enjoyable game to play."
76561198000164450,Recommended,313630,28057935,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spartanlemur,Stunning atmosphere combined with suspenseful exploration. Highly recommended!
76561198003141183,Recommended,313630,28881965,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DoctorD,"Wow - this was my first VR adventure and I absolutely loved it!  The story line is very intriguing and I felt like the main character in a Sci  Fi novel.  The immersive nature of VR made the story come to life.  The graphics were certainly adequate ... but what made the experience unique were the sounds and things happening all around you.  I normally don't like adventure games ... go get these 3 keys and then place them in a particular order.  However, the story was so immesive that I actually didn't mind.  I played the game on easy (25%) but there is no way I could have finnished without the online guides.  The steam guide is very good ... and there are several You tube channels which walk you through the tough parts of you get stuck.  Highly recoomend ... even if advanture games aren 't your thing."
76561198053294060,Recommended,313630,25388120,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,PC Police,"I'm only a few hours into the game, and so far I've loved it. I say this coming from the perspective of playing it on the HTC Vive. I'm usually not a fan of games that involves survival aspects, so from that,  I can assume the VR experience really elavated my opinion about the game  even though  it is still not  100% VR ready. So if you're like me and is still breathtaken by a well made VR experience, definitely give this one a try. For whoever is experiencing low frame rate on the Vive, just uncheck the vsync box."
76561198319287154,Recommended,313630,26444876,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,techfiend,"I am torn. I enjoyed the hell out of 99% of this game. It was immersive. Frightening. Intriguing. Some puzzles were challenging. I did not play in VR but plan on doing so once I get a headset.But...The ending. I kept hoping for something. Anything. Some way to avoid what happens. I keep looking for a sequel or content patch. It isn't that I'm disappointed. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Truthfully though, the ending is probably fairly realistic. But to go through so much, survive so much, spend that much time, and to have it end on that note? Lame. Super. Lame.Still, the rest of the game is quite enjoyable. I remember the areas fondly, almost as if I'd been there on vacation. And that's without VR. I'm assuming VR will make it even better. Enjoy it while you can. Definitely play. It is worth it, but be ready to want to kick aliens in whatever area hurts the most on an alien by the very end."
76561198311110659,Recommended,313630,26485142,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bibila_79,"This was my first VR game, liked it a lot.It is more like and exploraiton game with some old style easy adventure puzzle solving. Survival is also nice, you try to keep your body temprature stable and not die from hunger or thirst :) . Played it at medium difficulty, i am sure it harder to survive in %100 percent difficulty.Alien planet, native aliens whose fate is unknown, Outside advanced aliens interfering :) you'll love this"
76561198044662078,Recommended,313630,27720636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wealthyindiana,"Absolutely brilliant in VR! The environments are very unique and incredibly rendered, and is probably the most immersive game I've ever played, especially while in VR.It has a fantastic story subtly laid out through visual storytelling in the details of the setting, greatly boosted by great use of VR and interactions with the environment. Solus reminds me a lot of other titles that have excelled in this area like Metroid Prime and the Dark Souls series.The gameplay is exploration focused, with some survival mechanics thrown in for good measure (don't worry if you aren't into survival sims; those types of games don't really hold my interest, and it's a relatively small part of the title outside of managing your character's temperature, hunger, and thirst, which are done very well in a non-obtrusive way that only adds a greater immersion.) The most interesting mechanic is the teleportation disc, which is a lot of fun once you get a hang of the physics behind it and get through some great ""AHA"" moments with some teleporation based puzzle solving. Think Portal with frisbees, and you're most of the way there.You'll be exploring fascinating underground ruins and architecture as well as the unique landscapes, and have to survive disastrous conditions, like waking up in the open with a tornado coming your way, or intense thunder storms or heat waves, to name a few of the interesting dynamic obstacles. To say much more would spoil some of the best parts of the game. There some great surprises here :)I do have to say that I can't recommend playing this in VR if you are easily frightened, because there are some very intense moments, to the point where I'd say it outshines most modern horror titles with some truly terror inducing scenarios and suffocating atmosphere at times, especially with how immersive this game can be in VR. But if you can handle these stretches, or enjoy horror, you'll have a blast!I can't recommend Solus Project enough for anyone who loves games with a great setting and a drive to explore."
76561197969417125,Recommended,313630,28172052,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,G00N3R,"The Solus Project is a first person exploration and survival game, set in the distant future, after Earth has been destroyed. The last Human survivors are aboard a deep space colony ship, and the player is one of several scouts who have been sent out in search of a planet capable of sustaining life. After crash landing on your assigned planet, your goal is to stay alive long enough to repair a communication tower, and report back to the colony.As you explore the planet, you need to keep an eye on hunger, thirst and exhaustion meters. Fortunately there's plenty of food and water to be found, and you have a large inventory capacity, so running out is never really a problem. You can sleep almost anywhere which also restores health.The biggest danger comes from the environment, especially when you're on the planet surface, which is rarely a safe place to be. At night the temperature is freezing, and if you become wet because of rain or swimming through deep water, you can quickly die from hypothermia. Meanwhile, during the day, some areas are really hot, which can lead to death from heatstroke. You'll also occasionally encounter extreme weather anomalies such as tornados, lightning storms and meteor showers. When you venture underground, you'll find many hazards such as spike traps, land mines, killer plants, ice caves, acid lakes and boiling lava.The developers have done a really great job of creating a planet that truly feels alien. As you explore deeper, you'll begin to uncover the ruins of an ancient civilization. You'll find massive buildings and machines, and historical records written in a strange language. And without wanting to spoil too much, you're not alone on this planet. There isn't any combat as such, you don't get any weapons, but there are things down there that want to kill you. I had one particular encounter in a very dark area that genuinely freaked me out a little.You can find or craft objects to help you survive, such as torches to see in the dark or crystals to increase or decrease your temperature. There are hidden artefacts that buff your resistances to negative status effects. And you also get a teleportation device, which functions kind of like the old Unreal Tournament translocator, and can help you reach higher ledges or avoid hazards.The game is let down slightly by a poor user interface and inventory system, which has several flaws. For example, when I was trying to collect some dried roots to combine with a lead pipe to craft a torch, the first thing you need to do is use something sharp to cut the roots down. I had two different sharp objects in my inventory, so the game popped up another menu to ask me which item to use, when it makes no difference. Having crafted my torch, I wanted to collect some more roots to keep in my inventory for future use. But when I tried to pick them up, the only interaction option I had was to set them on fire with the torch I'd just made. I had to drop my torch first, pick up the roots, then pick up the torch. Later, when my torch expired, I found out you can't combine two items in your inventory. I had to drop the roots on the ground, and then interact with it to combine with my pipe to make a new torch. Sure, none of this is game breaking, but its annoying, especially when you consider that there are lots of things to craft, so you'll spend a lot of time dealing with this crap.I also find it strange that a society that has technology capable of travelling to distant planets, and a PDA capable of tracking life signs in real time and translating alien languages, doesn't have any way of recording map data. Okay, there are waypoints on the HUD to guide you through the main quest. But when I'm trying to thoroughly search the area for those artefacts and other secrets, sometimes its difficult to know which areas haven't been explored yet.My final little complaint is that, whilst keys are rebindable, the game won't recognise my mouse thumb buttons, or mousewheel click. On a more positive note, I didn't encounter any bugs, and the music is fantastic, really intense and dramatic, especially when you're in danger. There isn't a lot of voice acting, but those small parts have a decent quality.Overall, The Solus Project is a really interesting experience, which I give a strong recommendation for. Its a kind of sequel to the developer's previous game, The Ball, and although it expands on some of the story, you don't really need to have played The Ball to enjoy The Solus Project. (The Ball is also a pretty good game though, which is worth checking out). It took me 12 hours to finish, so the standard purchase price is fairly good value for money."
76561198040238087,Recommended,313630,24814518,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,somniumind01,"If you have a VR HMD, go buy this gameYou will really feel you're there, on that alien planet, with all its amazing day night cycles, weather events, dark caves and unnerving mysteries.Large open worlds absolutely shine in VR, and more are desperately needed.Now the game is not perfect, controls for the Vive are kind of unintuitive. Also, although it has been made clear that the game is about exploration and survival some more action would have been nice.In any case, I hope to see more, in a DLC or a sequel. There are too many things left unanswered."
,Recommended,313630,26294495,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,scuzzmeup,"Beautiful and enchanting environments, unique gameplay, fantastic graphics and music 10/10"
76561198025153669,Recommended,313630,26586356,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bakjefriet,8/10
,Recommended,313630,26640829,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,*<<=Hau5master=>>*,"So far, the closest thing to a full game experience on the Vive that I've played. Some aliasing issues, but otherwise great. Get this if you want a full-fledged game for VR with an actual story and decent visuals.It also works in non-VR, as that was what it was originally made for. Don't think that makes this game a bad VR game though. It works perfectly fine either way."
76561197990237980,Recommended,313630,24899341,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,diamond2a,"This was a new genre to me, exploration/survival.  I found the plot and world compelling enough to want to keep exploring.  I found myself reacting in a very realistic way - fleeing from threats or cowering behind rocks to avoid the elements.  I'd recommend the game to anyone who thinks they might like this type of game, it's a satisfying play for the money"
76561197991567031,Recommended,313630,26318148,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kRUTCH,"I rate this game 6.5/10This is a basic game. It is straightforward and predictably solvable. When I say predictably solvable, you can walk into an area and basicly know what you need to do straightaway, you need just put the time of running around and find the items.This game is not like Myst.However, I've enjoyed the NPC events that occur, I wont spoil them, also I like the calorie based/hyperthermia system too."
76561197973848674,Recommended,313630,26340225,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,richandnic,Enjoyed playing this game! Took a while to work out how to combine items at the start but story was good (ending has left it wide open for more!)Hopefully the developers decide to continue the saga.Graphics are good and the soundtrack even better. I would recommend buying this game to anyone who likes a game that isn't just shoot em up but also like me played this game to the end for the story.
76561197995597153,Recommended,313630,26342277,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BlaKingPrime,"Fun Game a little confusing in the beginning as you learn the crafting and what to do, No Help at all which is actually nice, ending was a bit meh but was fun to play nonetheless would recommend.PS i now hate dolls"
,Recommended,313630,28264045,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TheOnlineFister,One of the best VR Games I have played yet. Superb atmosphere. Very recommendable.
76561198121769711,Recommended,313630,29570992,Posted: 29 January,all,KEKSohneNAMEN,"The games' trailer got me hyped, and the gameplay didn't let me down!I can just downright recommend this game. I got immediately hooked by the trailer videos and got the game shortly afterwards.The game places you as a lone survivor of an expedition searching for a new homeworld for humanity. You must learn how to survive and slowly unravel the secrets of the archipelago you find yourself stranded on.The atmosphere always manages to be somewhat eerie und at times, can scare the heck out of you. At one point, the game sent an unexpected, ice-cold shiver down my spine!Important parts of the story are told by your character, however, I highly recommend you always keep an eye out for readable objects in-game since they add a lot to the story. The story itself is nicely told as it slowly but steadily walks you through the events that took place on the islands before you can finally communicate back home.Survival definetely has its place in the game. The environment is hostile and you have to plan carefully to avoid hazards. At the same time, exploring also is a big part of the game. There are lots of challenge rooms and secrets to be found that can also provide perks for your character, helping you to survive.Overall, I can say I really enjoyed The Solus Project. If you like science-fiction adventures with survival and riddle elements, along with a really scary atmosphere, then this game is definetely for you!"
76561197977369022,Recommended,313630,29861578,Posted: 11 February,all,Adrian,"Great experience in VR.  Especially noteworthy is the music.  Everytime some ominous music cue kicked in, my nerves were instantly shot.  Greaat work from the developers and thanks for the VR support."
,Recommended,313630,28923916,Posted: 1 January,all,Messadiah,"Didn't play as a VR experience, but was a blast from start to finish even still. Highly recommend this game for anybody that enjoys a good adventure game, kind of reminded me of the first couple Tomb Raiders without combat, strictly exploring and puzzle solving."
76561197962389820,Recommended,313630,29730830,Posted: 5 February,all,Al-x,"Playing seated with the Oculus DK2 and a keyboard (wasd)/mouse configuration that the developer must have (thankfully) left in (you will still need gamepad to click through oculus' lame disclaimer menu though)Nice to play something with a bit of wonder about it. Not so keen on the survival element but cranking down the difficulty seems to elimate the ""grindyness"" and I have just been able to enjoy the experience without starving, freezing etc.Great work!"
,Recommended,313630,29980395,Posted: 17 February,all,fleksy,"Not an experience, this is actually a huge game for VR !First 5 minutes are not that good as i expected, but the rest of the game is wonderful.I'm playing with the locomotion (like onward) and it causes neither nausea nor motion sickness.I can play everything on max (shadows should be set to mid or low as the dev's posted) with 1,5 SS. And it's completely smooth!Playing on I7-7700k, 16GB DDR4, 1080GTXOne of the greatest VR-Games so far !"
,Recommended,313630,30135319,Posted: 23 February,all,sewerrenegade,great game love the graphics but the scripting for motion of other sentients needs a bit of work.all in all i loved it and would recommened it to anyone.
76561198015265677,Recommended,313630,29471030,Posted: 24 January,all,florian.rasche,"This is a review of the HTC vive VR Version.To make it quick: AWESOME! BUY IT! NOW!A little longer review: THe game focuses on exploration  and is quite simply stunning to look at. The roomscale is integrated nicely and trackpad motion is available, I usually use short distance teleportation however. Sometimes teleportation is a little glitchy, twice now I was able to teleport to places I shouldn't have been able to yet, and once I couldn't get out again, but these are only minor annoyances compared to how great the game is. Some stages were frightening, some really creepy and some truely beautiful. I haven't finished the game yet but so far it is really great and I can't recommend buying enough, even at full price. If this is on sale not getting the Solus Project is just plain stupid I reckon.Update: Finished it now, and I stand by my initial impression, great game, feels like it was made for VR. The Ending wasn't really great though imho and the credits didn't work in the VIVE, I thought the game had crashed for a while as I was in Space and nothing happened anymore."
76561197995549659,Recommended,313630,30021803,Posted: 18 February,all,Fustercluck,"I hate open world, crafting, survival games.I bought this one in dispite of these things. Mostly because of the reviews. And the beautiul videos.Totally sold! This is the first game I've played that carried the previously mentioned stuff I hate, but did them all perfect. I'm not that far into it, but I can't wait to see where it goes. There is a story here, and the presentation, the excecution, make you want to keep going. To see where it takes you. I'm not kidding, you really get sucked into making sure you see the next day. Seeing that next sunrise is such a relief.Kudos to the dev's. Clearly, a tremendous amount of work went into this. It shows. ::high five::"
,Recommended,313630,32961213,Posted: 28 June,all,Whovain,"This game is great! It has its intimidating parts, fun parts, and challenges. I can play for hours at a time, without stopping"
,Recommended,313630,21614273,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Savior,"ahh it ended at the worst possible time! just as it was getting really good. support this game pls i cant wait to see what happens next. this game is worth way more than the price of admission, if they finish it that is."
,Recommended,313630,26251809,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Durante,"The Solus Project works extremely well as a VR game, especially now that asynchronous reprojection is available. While a few niggles show that it's wasn't purely developed for VR, the large amount of content, beautiful vistas and depth more than make up for this.It's very immersive and once the setting sucks you in it's hard to stop -- I just played for 3 hours straight, and while that is not all that much in traditional gaming it's a lot in room-scale VR.The interface takes a bit of getting used to, but after half an hour I was flipping through menus and interacting with things without any issues at all."
,Recommended,313630,26392637,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,AWEdio,"I like this game but it is pretty maddening. I would like it a great deal more if it were easier to know what I have and have not collected/seen. Wandering around islands trying to find the last diary entry or crew photo is quite painful. The incessant reminders that I am wet are also quite irksome. I have water all over my screen when I am wet, I really don't need an audible reminder. Cool story line though"
,Recommended,313630,22406938,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,cloudtwirl,"At first I thought this was going to be a Basic Survival game similar to Stranded Deep since it was still early release... But this game is WAY more than your average survival game... This has a wild story line, that i have only parshally learned about playing this game for almost 6 hours straight. Another thing i like is that the Graphics are amazing and the caves are scary as was the ****ing hurricane!!A game that kind of puts me off about this game is the survival part is mainly focused on food, water, weather... As it stands for now the crafting part is kind of lacking. What i mean by this is though you get plenty of materials to keep making torches and you get other things in its place, I have been using the same torche for the past 6 hours... STILL EARLY i know but i hope more crafting comes in the future...OH and lets not forget all the SECRET stuff you can VERY easily miss if you dont venture around in the most random of places..."
,Recommended,313630,23794137,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A totally beautiful exploration game to discover the fate of a lost civilisation. Very immersive, and really makes you feel like a lost human on an alien planet. Some scary parts but not actually a horror game, just a realistic unknown.Note: This is not a survival game like Don't Starve where you build a base, it's a story driven exploration game where you also need to monitor your vital signs like food, water, heat etc."
,Recommended,313630,24338696,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wolfsblut,"A very intense experience! Definitly worth it.You really get the feeling like being on this unforgiving planet, the immersion is just breathteaking.The sound is easily one the best I experienced in a video game in a long time.Recommended!!"
,Recommended,313630,24411475,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MackDaddy,"This is currently one of my favorite VR games. I know originally it wasn't designed for VR, but it does it quite well. There has been a few times where I just sit down on the beach in awe and stare at how beautiful the sky is.  I have not finished this game yet, and that is a great thing. Most VR experiences are short. This is a long play through, it has some puzzle elements. Some people say this is a walking simulator. That’s fine with me; it sure is a hell of a one. I sometime feel like I’m on an episode of Star Trek, or in the Aliens movie.While they continue to improve on the VR controls, my only complaint is the horrible inventory selection system. Having to click through each item is not fun, and when you miss it, you have to go around the bend/wheel again. Not a big deal in the beginning, but when you get further in and have collected a lot more stuff, it gets frustrating.  I really enjoy the atmosphere, and there are some chilling moments to be hand in the game."
76561197978083422,Recommended,313630,23522757,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Daemonfall,"I have to say that I really enjoyed this game. The gameplay is well-balanced and the difficulty level is completely customizable.I really thought that the survival mechanics paired with the planet's weather patterns made for a rich and rewarding experience. Also while not on the surface, a somewhat maze-like puzzle experience awaits you (no complex puzzles though, you mostly just wander through the maze and challenging environment to find switches).There are a large number of secrets in this game to add extra challenge/exploration/rewards if you wish, but they are optional.The story is left to discovery by the player. There are fragments of notes and such left throughout the levels, and the story is somewhat left to personal interpretation.There are no ""fights"" to speak of, but there are occasions where you may need to stealth past or run past certain ""enemies"". The times when you are trying to escape an anomaly are well-done and appropriately intense, but these are interspersed between periods of less-intense play so as to not give you PTSD.TL;DR: A great sci-fi adventure-survival game, well worth the price I paid of $20 USD. Not intense but not boring either; a well-balanced and thought-provoking challenge in the genre."
,Recommended,313630,24410728,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Breezey,Very good atmospheric survival game. The VR works well and the setting adds to your immersion.If your a fan on survival games you should try this out. Im a couple of hours in now and although the game hasnt had any major exciting set pieces or action its still one I will return to periodically untill its done.
76561197986240240,Recommended,313630,24427285,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Bracord,Excellent!
76561197970323904,Recommended,313630,24180514,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,seminus,"I really loved this game! It felt like ""The Dig"" meets Myst with a touch of Unreal.Can recommend if you like Scifi and exploration game.I did not like the survivel part that much, but you can switch it off in the option and just enjoy the brilliant and beautiful world. :)"
76561198037780282,Recommended,313630,23527193,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,defconrazor32,"I stumbled  upon this game when i looked in the store and I'm very glad i bought it. I Thought at first this was gonna be another boring game, but boy was i wrong. I found lots of  lore  ,cultural texts, and other little trinkets and goodies. I found the games structures and  architecture and landscaping  very interesting from beginning to end. The game really does deliver a lot  of fun to the game visual and graphical and adds some  really amazing  narritive to the game as you progress, but  suffers a little from actions being a  bit tedious, reguardless  still i highly recommend this game a  8 out of 10."
,Recommended,313630,23668933,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Detached HEAD,"This is, at the time I'm writing this, the most complete VR experience you can get right now. It's not a demo or wave based game. It's a full pc game that you can spend hours in. The visuals are amazing and in VR it get's truly immersive. Recommended!"
76561197974927346,Recommended,313630,24795614,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,6Elite9,Very Nice game !!! Left me with alot of Imagination
,Recommended,313630,25990062,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,El GMTH,"Great experience, land on an unknown planet, see weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ uncovering mysteries and get stalked by creepy alien babies.I might consider getting The Ball..."
76561198107909325,Recommended,313630,25681845,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kzzyn2017,4/5 (VR)
76561197972135526,Recommended,313630,25977260,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,lynchdog,"This game may end up being my favorite of all time.  It was extremely scary and creepy.  Some have said the ending is bad, and I'd agree, but that hardly makes a difference.  What a well thought out game!"
,Recommended,313630,26274651,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pseudo1,"Vive review from a 1 hour play session.First of all let me thank the devs by making this the first standing room only VR game that i have been able to properly play in VR. I have a very limited amount of space and most standing room titles require some degree of movement which i cannot perform. This is the first title i have played that allows me a full range of movement using the game controls to allow me to experience the game.On to the game there hasn't been a whole lot to do so far in terms of actual game play. It is very much an exploration game more than anything, however exploring in VR changes the whole experience and i am looking forward to diving into it more and seeing what mysteries are hiding in the planet.Overall if you have a VR headset and you want a game that is more of a compete experience this is a good place to start."
76561197970837903,Recommended,313630,26396590,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,kerry,"What to say about this game? If your looking for value for money it can't be beat. Everything about it is pretty good actually. For me getting constantly killed by the weather was a bit of a pisser but maybe I should have tried a bit harder on the survival side. Interesting story line, lots of discovery and more, couldn't have asked for more in a game. No spoilers in this review just buy it and enjoy you won't be be dissapointed."
76561197972076777,Recommended,313630,26460680,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jellycrusher,"Very good slow paced (well, mostly) game in an interesting setting, with good graphics, well designed locations, great sound and music. Slightly resembles the legendary ""Robinsom's Requiem"", although is not as rich and difficult. The best element is the mood, particularly while exploring caves and underground ruins. I really felt abandoned and lonely, and sometimes frightened, even I haven't played it using VR."
,Recommended,313630,28192451,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Vanlock - Vive so Real!,"Great VR Experience, works well with the HTC Vive and the latest patch makes it even better !Easily one the most fascinating VR exploration games available and there's more than 10hours of content."
,Recommended,313630,28197201,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Voidac,"Solid walking simulator. Not a bad thing by far. This game has the mystery, the tension, and the wonder of discovery all near-perfected.The developers did a great job. Honestly didn't expect a game this good.My only issue was the inventory management, it's easy but a tad clunky. Literally my only gripe about this game."
76561198308120463,Recommended,313630,24805601,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,lesslight,"Phenomenal! I haven't completed the game yet, but i'm extremely impressed with the obvious amount of work the devs have put into this game. Story is great, should be a book written so we could read and get even more details that we may have missed in the game. Great imagination went into this game, even a little humor.I've been playing this in the Vive on medium difficulty. I have been terrified, awestruck, elated, captivated, happy, sad, exhilarated, and have experienced many emotions while experiencing this VR survival on another planet.This game is well worth more than just the $20 they have been charging. I wish these devs would have been the ones to make the Everest Experience.By the way, there are a few very minor glitches with this game in the Vive, but they are so minor that they don't really even effect the game or gameplay. The biggest glitch I found for Vive gameplay was when I was at this ladder that I was supposed to go way way way down, but the top of the ladder had no white lit up ladder that Vive players or supposed to teleport onto, I finally just took the risk and used the Vive touchpad to walk forward off the edge where the ladder is, hoping I wouldn't just fall to my death, but somehow instead of falling I ended up walking down the ladder.At the end of this same ladder, I kept walking to see if that is how to get off the ladder, but all of a sudden at the last step, I fell off and died. I tried the ladder again, but this next time once I was almost to the bottom of the ladder, I used the Teleport device to get onto the ground safely, but make sure the Teleport disk does not land on the white lit ladder at the bottom of the main ladder or you might end up in an infinite loop like happened to me once.Sorry for the rambling, I highly recommend this game, best when played sitting though, because the head height didn't match my real height, I felt like I was 7 feet tall in the game when I stood, but sitting down worked out great the whole game through so far."
76561198246276562,Recommended,313630,25876071,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jatt1993,"A review with the HTC Vive. I just started it and I already enjoy it immensely. It's an immersive and beautiful environment. It's heavily a survival based game so it keeps you busy and moving around. The visual appeal of the game alone is worth checking it out, but it also feels like a fully developed game. Most games available for VR right now are like tech demos, so this is definitely a nice change of pace. Recommended!"
76561198211755713,Recommended,313630,26316283,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,inkedart504,"Solus is amazing, very well put together and very rich story. Not much has to be said through the game its very easy to feel the story its not hard to see the creator is a fan of Aiens and Preditor your probably wondering why i say that all i can say is play the game and you will feel it. The feeling changes throughout the game at the start you get that survival feeling just like your rely lost but as the game progresses and you start learning how to survive you start relaxing and exploring,  the visual side of it amazing makes you feel like your rely there, you dont just get the feeling of whats infront of you but the planet and the univese around it. once you get further into the game you start forgeting about the survival side of things and folow objetives ont the way you find everything u need to stay alive. This game is one hell of an adventure. PLAY IT YOU WONT REGRET IT!"
,Recommended,313630,26351251,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,coSmo,The best Vive game I played!
,Recommended,313630,25016441,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,slayerniss,"First, let me tell u I have a Vive, and I have only played this game through it.The Solus Project is a probably the best representation of a full, polished vr game. The movement mechanics work well and the addition of teleportation to locomotion is something many games lack, as locomotion can often make people empty their lunch, everywhere. (Not I but I know a few people who do get that.) The game capitalizes on the awe of vr using beautiful landscapes and incredible structures.Problems arise in that the survival elements are limited, it basically consists of keep food and water with you, and a light/heat source. If you are expecting an Ark like survival experience, just know that while survival is a key element in this it is quite limited in content.Instead of a mainly survival game, you get an exploration game with a few survival elements, the game is almost entirely exploration driven and it is fun for a while, and then sometimes boring, and then fun again. There really isn't any settling down and trying to build up a nice camp, it's just walk, walk, walk.Lastly, the game has a horror aspect, if you're in a cave, you may here screaming and intense music. Some of the noises are puzzling, like hearing a human scream can really throw you off. It doesn't really fit. The scariest parts of the game are not when it is trying to scare you, but when it is not, when everything is still and for a brief moment you believe you really are a person, hopelessly stranded on a distant world, alone, and doomed to die that way. That there is what makes this game so good.I'd give the game a 7/10. It still is the most complete game on the market and will probably be so for a while. It's worth $20 for sure. So go buy it."
,Recommended,313630,26476696,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Devastator,"Amnesia/Penumbra without horror. Interesting story with a twist.Survival elemnts are more annoying than interesting.You can as well watch walkthrough just for the story.Also detailed enviroment models should make this game great for VR, but havent tested it.took me ~16 hours to finish it,price-wise not exactly worth it.Game-wise it is worth of attention.7/10"
,Recommended,313630,28390414,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jearbear,"Ever wonder what it would be like to survive a spaceship crash and embark on a Giorgio A. Tsoukalos mystery investigation? Well look no further than the Solus Project. This fairly lengthly narrative driven surival game takes the normally (to me at least) dull eat food, drink water, don't freeze to death mechanics of a surive in the woods game and combines them with a puzzle exploration openish? world of neat rocks n' things.To me this game was well worth it's not too steep price, and was definitely something I would consider an enjoyable experience, despite the game itself not having much going for it other than a spectacular atmosphere. Even knowing that 90% of the time I was completely safe, as stated in the description there's no real enemies, the atmosphere created such a wonderful feeling of anxiety and nigh terror that I would still tense at every random background ambience noise.A solid game, worth picking up if you just want a chill game to play looking at some neat things. The only drawbacks are that the game is fairly easy, even the survival elements are most of the time fairly trivial unless you drop all your food and forget to pick it back up (which I only did once) as there's a pretty consistently spaced supply of unlimited food and water. So don't pick this up if you are looking for a challenge, but otherwise I'd recommend it.Overall rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,313630,29281914,Posted: 15 January,all,CHIKUN [Eng/No/Swe],Great storyline. Got me so into the game i hardly ate irl. Storyline is thrilling and the ending great. Visually the game is stunning and the mechanics are perfect. No bugs or issues ever.
,Recommended,313630,31335832,Posted: 24 April,all,LadyAquarius,Great sci-fi adventure that builds up a horror-like intensity as you progress. The sounds and music in this game will freak you out in this game...so will tornados...Some advice you will understand if you get to this part: don't turn your back on the youngins
76561198129115306,Recommended,313630,31658916,Posted: 9 May,all,EightHook37,"Highly recommend, one of the best survival/story games I have played. The survival aspect is quite intuitive, incorporating the need for food, water, sleep, and maintaining a steady body temperature is mandatory, as both hypothermia and heat stroke are not exactly healthy. The story of the game is quite awesome, its revealed little pieces at a time, usually by radio transmission or the awesome ""WILSON, RECORD"" bits of the story, but if you actually take time to explore, you realize that the story is much more thought out and deep than whats directly revealed. Overall, i'd give it a 9 out 0f 10, I would rate 10, but, -SPOILER ALERT- the end of the story leaves you on a HUGE cliffhanger. If you like story and/or survival games, give it a try, I think you will be pleased."
76561197971972173,Recommended,313630,34723591,Posted: 3 September,all,Xeno,"Amazing Game in VR. The best VR experience I've ever had. The story is superb. The immersion incredible. The sense of scale is breath taking. I bought this months ago and played only a few hours. Finally picked it up again and it sucked me in. I've now completed it. Superb game. Played this with an Oculus DK2 and it performed incredibly. You will experience heart stopping moments as well as downtime sitting it out at the entrance to a cave whilst the most awe inducing thunderstorms crackle overhead, torrents of rain gushing down, fork lighting streaking to the ground, and the occasional twister or thunderous metor storm coming for you. This has without a doubt made it all worth while having bought a DK2 - and I thought the premier experience was Elite Dangerous. I can't recommend this game enough if you have a VR headset. 10/10"
,Recommended,313630,25742562,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Audio,Unimaginable amazing atmosphere even without VR set.Great environmental sound effects and music.Exploration.
76561197969550046,Recommended,313630,26076410,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RINZLER,"Absolutely a must have . 20 hours in the game and i crave for more. Ever since i started playing this, i havent played any other vr game. Worth every cent. Good job devs."
76561198050428423,Recommended,313630,22363625,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dcsmall,"This game is a one of a kind in the genre, it's survival and exploration that doesn't get dull after an hour. Don't mind my time record, I've watched plenty of videos and such.The Solus Project has an amazing story to it, some jumpscares and an amazing weather system which is complemented by the awesome soundtrack that it has with it. Just wait for that tornado sound <3It's price is right for the content which at the time of this review is leading to episode 3 coming out in two days.I'd suggest for anyone on the edge to look at a video or two but don't spoil the story for yourself because it is amazing and very unique with plenty of references for those who have a lot of experience with sci-fi and such.TL:DR Good story, Great weather, Amazing soundtrack 10/10"
76561198141683372,Recommended,313630,21376361,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SciFiArtMan,"I REALLY enjoyed the first three levels of this EA game!  Beautiful alien world with a hint of Egypt in the tombs.  I spent quite a while in the game, but towards the end I just headed for the ending, as opposed to searching every corner.  But now I want to replay with a greater attention to detail.  I do think there is room for more thrills (such as giant balls or other objects rolling/sliding down stairs behind you, or directed-falling as seen in Tomb Raider 2013, for example, and more to see or do in the caves and tombs).  Wonderful atmosphere, and story, with the music, sound and weather effects topping it off.At the end of the initial first three levels, I find I'm tiring of the caves and tombs, and hope more outdoor areas are soon to be discovered.  Of course a few minor bugs along the way, but nothing you wouldn't expect at this point, and definitely not game-breakers.With a touch more WOW-factor in the caves and tombs, this seems like it could end up being a classic of the genre.  I wouldn't mind seeing a few ideas ""inspired"" by Mind: Path to Thalamus, such as in seeing clearer pathes through reflections, etc., and maybe a few more puzzles.  But overall, this is a gem, in my mind!  Can't wait to see more!!!8.5/10"
76561198003865719,Recommended,313630,24148335,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kenji (your friend),"Just finished the game. It felt like reading a good book. The end felt maybe a little bit rushed, but otherwise it's a big yes."
76561197987842594,Recommended,313630,24070594,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr10001,"This is the first review I recall ever leaving and for good reason.Blown away! Even with the bugs I ran into using Oculus (No lightening for the tower and a ladder bug that kept reloading) and the annoying cycling through endless inventory items, I was thoroughly impressed. The textures, the story, the game play, the environment... loved it!"
76561197987170676,Recommended,313630,23619745,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ZERGSAW,"I've been almost through, and I really enjoyed it in VR. It has some minor bugs later, but the immersion and the feeling this game provides is really great. The sound is so good, in the caves in many cases I thought the real world floor was a little vibrating. The whole story is great and I feel, the guys making Fallout 4 should look at your locomotion system, cause I had zero problems with it. What bugs me the hell out of all, was the missing inventory system in VR. And I don't want to see the vive controlers like in the real world, There should be some Hands, maybe like ghostet. I had a bug like since the Islands before the windmill, there is no survival any more, unlimited food and water and not temperature influence at all. Also when I need to went up a ledder, but the acid should be gone first, it stopped loading and send me to some other place, where I hardly could find a connection to the last ledder. Thank you for thebest VR game so far, a game with a great story, feeling and playtime, I got now 14 h on the record. It is also creepy as hell, my burning torch is the only thing I really care of. Please make another game like this, on a different planet, I don't you dare think of a zombie shooter!"
,Recommended,313630,23627726,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,hexadek,"Haven't finished it quite yet, but really enjoying the first 5 hours a lot; with an experience I'd qualify as ""Indiana Jones, in Space"".Overall, fairly softcore on the survival elements, which I'm quite happy with. Very nice dosing of mystery with some very light (and I mean incredibly light) touches of horror.To my taste, although the game looks terrific, the pure exploration bits are a bit tedious at times, but the more linear parts are 10/10 in terms of a very high quality VR experience.Definitely feels like a full-fledged VR game overall, not just a tech demo.It's currently 3 in the morning as I couldn't stop playing and wanted to see what happened next in the story.Easily worth the price; and absolutely recommended."
76561197960357537,Recommended,313630,23964240,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DeliriumTr,"CV1 owner here.I been playing for an hour or so after setting up everything to my liking so its too early to say anything about the story and such but, so far the (beta) VR experience is great! I mean, After this, I cant imagine playing a first person survival in a monitor ever again!I finally settled on playing standing, using my head/body for turning and the controller only for forward/backward movement. No sickness at all. This is my third day with the Rift, its not like Im accoustomed to it or something.With that movement schema I miss lateral strafing, I dont know If that would cause sickness but doesnt seem like it.Other controls are a little ackward but perfectly functional (specially the inventory) The developer is actively working on it so Im sure they will come out with something.Overall, I like it very much! If you own a Rift you MUST try this game!"
76561198040014297,Recommended,313630,24261326,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Greif,Have played this game with my Oculus Rift and im having a BLAST! Its so immersive - you get real tension and sweaty hands playing this all alone. The presence of being there - all alone - stranded on a hostile planet... learning more and more about what happend there... im sure this game is nice without VR aswell - but when you are actually there: its a blast!A true gem for all VR players. I have not had any motion sicknes at all - played this game 2 hours straight. I know im pretty early in this game but i just wanted to share that with you guys. If you are searching for a great VR game - get it! The VR support is still work in progress but it worked fine for me with a walking speed of 60% and rotation on.Cant wait to get there back as soon as possible. My favorite VR game after EVE Valkyrie at the moment.
,Recommended,313630,24273265,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rainforce15,"Good survival/horror game with a great story, but the very much unexpected horror elements and associated unexpected gameplay change are points that stop it from being a great experience, making it look a little misguided in what it tries to go for. This is NOT a game that can be labeled as ""exploration driven adventure with survival elements"". this is a 50/50 mix of survival+exploration and survival+horror parts.p.s.: Loved the dolls despite everything. Now, please stop looking at me."
,Recommended,313630,24583687,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Toasted Loaf,"This Game is sooo awesome on the Vive! If you're wondering what it looks like in VR, here!https://youtu.be/688YqqA5Kj0"
,Recommended,313630,25790667,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,tdc,"The Solus Project is an atmospheric exploration and puzzle solving survival game. It's package provides both VR-enabled and normal gameplay experience.The sole survivor of an event whereby your spacecraft was destroyed, you awake on an alien world. It's up to you to work out the whys and wherefores as you explore your seemingly uninhabited surroundings. Collecting resources, making tools, gathering food...all of this and more is required to keep you upright and breathing. Occasionally an overhead relay satelite will align with your communication device and for all too brief moments you'll be able to hear your mothership trying to contact you. Unfortunately your personal communicator lacks the power to answer...Technically TSP is an Unreal Engine game. On my, admittedly beastly, PC it runs with no graphical issues at 4K although levels take a noticably long time to load. Not too sure what that's about but once loaded all is fine.I personally enjoy playing the game. There is some handholding regarding where to go and what to do, but certainly nothing of the sort when it comes to working out or solving the puzzles. The story is interesting, the world is huge and the environments, levels if you will, are clearly lovingly designed. I give it 7.5/10."
76561198037763655,Recommended,313630,25246433,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JackyTractopelle,"Disapointed by No Man's sky ?This game is made for ya.A survival exploration adventure with great atmosphere. I really recommand it.PS : This isnt an open world hardcore survival with nothing on a lost planet. This is a guided adventure with survival and crafting component. But a really nice one, you fill a bit guided but still have freedom to take your time to visit the planet and his dangers discovering secrets and tools to survive."
,Recommended,313630,21486908,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,EchoFederation,"Obviously, it's in early access. HOWEVER, this game is one of the most immersive exploration/survival experiences I've played. That is just my personal opinion. The thing that makes it so immersive for me is actually the geology of the place. I love that feeling of trekking into a cave and not knowing at all is going to happen or what I'm going to find. I cannot wait until the updates start to roll out, as this game could be truly one of a kind."
,Recommended,313630,23391282,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DaDrunkenVingman,"Two words, PLAY IT.The Game is just amazing, the atmosphere, the graphics and the ambient lighting and sounds. you're stranded on a alien planet completely alone, but there's a scary and terrifying past on this planet and you have to unravel it in order to contact back home.You'll feel scared when you're exploring the caves. The anomalies will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, from the meteor rain, to the torandoes and the random Aliens chanting that your Wilson somehow picks up. It's not meant to be a horror game but it manages to scare you and creep you out in a way I've never felt since i first watched Jurassic park when i was 8 years old or when I first played Dead space 2.This game is just great and it has hours of content, therefore I recommend buying this if you're interested in a story and background heavy survival game with dangers around every corner."
,Recommended,313630,23510956,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sephurik,"I'm not a particularly huge fan of survival games, but I love a good mystery and adventure and this appeared to be a good mix of elements. I had no idea what to expect when I started this, and hadn't heard of it until it released, and I have to say I am really impressed and fully recommend this game, it is well worth the full price. More specifics are below.Edit:Added computer specs, approximate performance and fixed some typos.Technical PointsGraphical Fidelityis great. It isn't the prettiest game out there but is has its own style and feel and it is well fleshed out. Game performs well on midtier hardware.Audio qualityis top notch. The sounds are high quality, the music is intertwined with cues and ambience, creating very moody atmospheres, creepy and foreboding moments and refreshing and calm periods. Caves sound like caves, storms sound like storms. You will learn the various audio cues for different things, be it threats, weather, puzzle completion or secret discovery. I cannot overstate just how well the audio matches up to every moment in the game.Optionsare plentiful and includes resolution scaling (supersampling). Difficulty is a slider and I assume adjusts rates of hunger and thirst and frequency of weather events and such things. Borderless Fullscreen Windowed Mode is supported but as of this writing isn't an option in the options screen but can be set in a config file, hopefully this will be made selectable in game.Explorationis just as much a part of the game as survival. Level of involvement is largely in your control. Many secret areas exist and offer additional lore bits, but you are fully free to ignore those and only focus on the storyline. Exploration does tend to better prepare you, and exploration never goes unrewarded.Will haveVR supporteventually. VR support is present but is still very 'work-in-progress' as of this writing. Beyond this I cannot comment as I do not own any VR hardware.More Subjective / Philosophical PointsNarrative and Storydesign is phenomenal. I was very engaged with the game, and as I progressed I only found myself wanting to know more and more importantly discover more. I think this is an excellent example of game writing that does much more showing than telling. You see your environment, you discover things, some lore bits scattered throughout the world are picture based only, and hint at various dangers or terrain that you might later face. Very little dialogue exists, and the physical world gives you just as much information as your one basic forward objective does, if not more. There is a mystery to unravel, but at the same time the game does not reveal everything. Space is given for interpretation and speculation, and maintains mysteriousness and creepiness of the game from start to finish.The game does not hold your hand.There is almost always a forward vector that gives you a very general direction, but exactly how you get there is never explicit. Weather is unpredictable when you are outside, and your journey requires you to survive. The planet you are on is not nice. The game is fair, however. There are plenty of resources scattered about, and sleeping also saves the game. Most arduous areas usually have a save and camp spot before them, so that you have the opportunity to mostly focus on what you're doing, at least for a little while.Level designis incredible and uses the environments to their full extent. Some areas become accessible later, and even backtracking through some areas later in the game will reveal something new or changed. Things you do have an impact as areas that were blocked off early on will be accesible after you do things in the story. All areas as far as I know can be gotten back to, with some travelling if you're up to it. There is no map in the game, but this is made up for with some subtle and some not so subtle landmarking. Areas have literal milestones that will tell you about how far you are through a particular area. Other things can also mark areas, such as markings or arrangements on the ground, to simple stacks of rocks in caves.The game is excellent at evoking realcreep. There aren't really any directly malicious threats in the game, but the game does a great job of making you feel otherwise. Some areas I was hesitant to enter, or was hesitant to activate some mechanism just because I was somewhat afraid of something happening that might not be pleasant.Computer Infoi5-4670K Stock Clock/Boost, Hyper 212 EvoMSI Gaming GeForce GTX 970 (OC'd 150 MHz)2x8 GB Corsair Vengeance DDR3 RAMMSI Gaming Z87-G45 MoboWindows 10OCZ Vertex 4 and Samsung 850 Evo SSDsAverage 60+ FPS in all areas with max settings in Borderless Fullscreen Windowed Mode, as well as up to 140% render scaling (supersampling). A couple of areas with many light sources may drop below 60 FPS with above 120% render scaling. 1920x1200 Native monitor resolution."
,Recommended,313630,23546108,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ChronophobianQ,Really cool with the vive.
76561198006407705,Recommended,313630,23645549,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,vampirerl,"Ate goop from cave. Gained 1000 calories. Would eat goop from cave again. 10/10Tl;dr: If you are wondering whether to buy for $20 and you have a Vive - YES. Emphatic.This is simply one of the best Vive games available right now. Not a demo, not a small thing that's fun for a few minutes, but an honest to goodness game with plot, real mechanics, and exploration. I'm only a few hours in and it's a lot of fun. They really put some thought into using two hands within Vive. Only complaint is really not with the game per se, just that you need to keep the graphics tuned pretty low to handle the outdoors well (running GTX 970). Hopefully this improves with drivers and/or optimization from Devs. They've been great about continuining support for the game and making VR a priority so I have high hopes. Best addition they could make is an inventory screen and it is already on their wishlist to get done. Good on them!"
,Recommended,313630,23477289,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Droptimus Prime,"Absolute blast of a game! Bought it and literally could not stop playing it. The story is like really intriguing and it leaves you just wanting to keep playing to find out more and more... I definitely recommend the game. Just remember not to go in water with your lit torch equipped or you'll get an achievement called ""Dummy,"" Lol."
76561197993548532,Not Recommended,313630,33624190,Posted: 18 July,all,Crowley,"This game seems seems like it was designed by a marketing department. A mishmash of gaming buzzwords, poorly implemented, and often at odds with each other, with nothing going on underneath.Minecraft is huge! Let's have crafting! It does, but incredibly superficial, combined with a limited inventory and no base or storage system to compensate.Exploration! That's one of the core gaming styles! Execpt there's limited saving, which is a defacto punishment for exploration, combined with an annoying survival system that measures: nutrition, hydration, sleep and hypothermia. Which means you can't travel too far because you have to be constantly aware of how much food and water you have (which take up inventory) whether you're wet and cold (which happens if you travel through water) but the fire fuel (which also takes up inventory) and places to make fires are rare, so don't explore too much!Survival! That's a really hip gaming genre right now!Don't Starvewon awards! Except there's also some sort of plot, that I'm supposed to be following and care about, which this overcomplicated survival system gets in the way of.PlaySubNauticainstead. Even in beta it's a better game than this."
76561197979348554,Not Recommended,313630,28806151,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,columbine,"Good: For the first few minutes you play this game you think it's really going to be amazing. You've got a standard survival scenario and a set of interesting-looking islands to explore ... the sound effects and music are good, the graphics are good, it's very promising.Bad: Then you quickly realize that what you're actually going to do is explore a set of very linear caves, occasionally puncuated by a stone tablet or obelisk in an alien language that your PDA will translate for you, and maybe a button-and-lever puzzle or some variant on that. And that's all you're going to do.I like adventure/story games. I like exploration/open world games. I even like survival games, if they're not too frustrating. This game would probably be pretty good if the people who made it had concentrated on one or even two of those things. But they seem to be determined to do all three at once, and they do a horrible job of it.Imagine if the devs had concentrated on story and puzzles and just made this a really good cave-crawl mystery. Or imagine if it was purely an ""explore, get resources, try to build what you need to get rescued"" game. Either of those would have been better than this.The story's not compelling enough and the puzzles not interesting enough for this to make a good adventure game; the exploration aspects are just ""look for secrets""; the survival aspects mostly involve your PDA nagging you to sleep what feels like every five minutes.This is doubly disappointing given that The Ball had puzzles which were actually novel and interesting. The Ball was fun to play even when I had to cheat (usually because I got tired of doing the same jumping puzzle twenty times when it was impossible to aim jumps accurately).With this game, the first time I encountered an enemy in the game who could actually kill me (in the Hallways of Darkness), I stopped and tried to decide whether it was worth figuring out how to get past it. Then I tried to decide whether it was worth it to turn on cheats and use those to get past it. Finally I realized that I wasn't interested enough in what was going on in the game to care any more."
76561197968590183,Not Recommended,313630,32109040,Posted: 1 June,all,diez,"Graphics - 8/10Soundtrack - 8/10Voice Acting - 3/10Gameplay - 6/10Difficulity - 2/10Story - 1/10Ending - 1/10Overall this game looks great however its biggest weakness is its lack of story, weak ending and poor voice acting.Id recomend people watch a playthrough rather than spend their hard earned coin."
76561198084226590,Recommended,313630,21379136,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Alexandero11,Very fun! The person that did the sounds/music for this game did a good job.
76561198053108372,Recommended,313630,24792268,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,HolmizGROGG,"Perfect game for VR. I play it using my Oculus Rift CV1. I love that the game is peaceful and slow. No rush (so far). The ""enemys"" is also not so hard to avoid... And the exploration part is wonderful! It is a little bit scary but not to much and I really like the scary parts too. I have died many times... but that's my fault. I had to try things... ""Is that weather really dangerous? That thing - can it kill me? If I don't drink water - will I die? Can I jump from here and survive? What happen if I...?"" :D"
,Recommended,313630,24948841,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PsiFur,"I definitely recommend this game. I went into it pretty much blind, and I'm glad that I did. The story is very interesting, the survival mechanics aren't super needy but are far deeper than most survival games bother to go and the graphics are beautiful.You'd be surprised how quickly this game can go from a quiet morning on the beach to all out hell, forcing you to take shelter in a cave. Then as you progress you'll find yourself diving deep into those caves at which point the game makes a kind of transition between its topworld survival/exploration and its underworld survival/thriller. 8/10 Delivers on pretty much everything, but expect the topworld downtime to get fairly repetitive and boring if you stray from chasing your goals. If you enjoy retro sci-fi themes you'll find the technology presented interesting as well.EDIT: The story does have some issues here and there, plus there is little attention to scientific feasability, but if you can get past those and just suspend your disbelief a little you'll enjoy the trip that this game takes you on. I highly recommend it if you like Sci-Fi, survival or story-driven games.TLDR; This game is a roller coaster. Don't watch it online, experience it for yourself."
76561197970864200,Recommended,313630,26263070,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Stedios,"VR Review:This is one of the most accomplished games on the Vive, and it's the type of game that I would like more of, An adventure in VR that takes you out of your normal life and gives you somewhere else to go, The survival aspect of the game is honestly a pain but the devs give you a slider to reduce the impact of survival and even turn that off if you so wish, Some of the environments are stunning along with the fantastic weather effects, You will truly feel like you are on another planet, the sense of presence is great in this game.Now this is not a horror game but the miles of tunnels and caves under the planet are truly some of the most creepy and scary I have had on the Vive, I have played Brookhaven and that did not scare me a bit, but this I dread going back into the caves, You are not the first to set foot on this planet and you may not be alone, Your main task is to get a signal back to the human race that are relying on you to scout the planet to see if it's a new home for us and our species after the Earth was destroyed, You need to collect parts from your downed ship, and puzzle together the mysteries that you will encounter. A must buy for the Vive."
76561198021446031,Recommended,313630,26252289,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,yodellingjess,A must play. I loved every minute of it. I loved searchiing for all the artifacts and solving the puzzles. Great atmosphere and spooky in spots.  A beautiful game. You have to try it.
,Recommended,313630,26260592,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Wedge,Great Puzzle Explorer.  Really enjoying roaming around ignoring the direction trying to find all the things.  Graphics make it very realistic without looking TOO realistic.
76561197970685997,Recommended,313630,26379570,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,rufous jayes,I've played an hour so far in VR with HTC Vive and the game as well as its VR implementation make really fun. So thumb up and full review later.
76561198022375100,Recommended,313630,24625615,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,knutfg,"This game is a real treat. As always, I advice to play at normal to get the best experience. Finished it in 19 hours but had to get help on youtube two times. As always, with these kind of games, I wish them to be longer. It's a good story, good graphics and interresting puzzles A great achievement and well worth a buy."
,Recommended,313630,28339985,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bugsbugme,"I really enjoyed this game, and I catually finished... I often don't finish a lot of games I buy.The puzzles were fun ad the atmoshpere was great.I was really engrossed in the story and I actually felt a sense of urgency to figure out what was going on and get the com tower finished so I could call the other ship.10/10 Would love a sequel!"
76561197976820041,Recommended,313630,26375283,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kire,"I played the whole game in VR and loved it.  One of my favorite experiences so far and gave me confidence that VR won't be a gimmick limited to wave shooters.  The sci-fi story and feel was amazing.  While not a direct comparison, I got a heavy Metroid vibe with the alien environments, lore, and sense of isolation.  It does have a bit of a learning curve, so don't give up on the VR aspect of it right away.  After you've got a grasp of the survival and crafting mechanics, you should be good."
,Recommended,313630,27331657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,noka,"Stumbled upon this title and what really got me was the alien atmosphere, almost felt like in an Alien movie. The combat is very thin but the puzzles and the surrounding make this great. I've had some very nice surprises which I won't spoil. The mechanics are working and give a hint of a DayZ game on an alien planet. It has a somewhat liniar setting but allows plenty of exploration. The craft is great and the world they've imagined is very interesting, definitely worth bringing to other people's attention."
,Recommended,313630,27701599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dermatrode,"Let me tell you first I'm a huge sci-fi, space exploration fan. I'm a sucker of games with sci-fi, space, futuristic technology setting. So it was clear I had to check this game out once in my life. At the beginning I was very sceptic about this game, I watched youtube videos on it, read reviews and alot of people were saying it is a great game etc.. Nonetheless I never was totally convinced and I wasn't sure if I should spend the money on this title and then get disappointed like I got with many other indie games who never felt finished and kept staying in early acces for ages.. So I kept ""Solus Project"" in my wishlist for a long time till finally I had the opportunity to buy this game on sale and I finally gave this beauty a chance.After my first playthrough I gotta say that I was totally proved wrong with my scepticism. This game totally got me immersed in it's beautiful world design. And yes, finally to me this game feels complete. You have to survive on an alien world (not that difficult like other survival games out there if you know what you're doing on normal level). Besides surviving and not dying (which after a couple of gamehours feels like something you just do automatically eg. make fire, eat, sleep etc.) you can also go out and explore the mysteries and what's going on on this planet. Also alot of lore and information lögs and secrets to be found for the real explorers out there.It looks georgeous, it has a pretty badass weather simulation which is helping you getting the feel of survival. And you have also a real goal if you just wanna do a speedrun without exploring too much, you can do that. But to me this game is all about exploring and experiencing the beauties and dangers of this world. Just watching the environment and sky while exploring and walking around just kept me in awe of this planet I'm stranded. The only thing I've missed in this game was the possibility to travel longer distances in a faster way (eg. if you wanna go back to already explored areas you have to travel back by walking which sometimes can take hours.. )The story is ok but honestly to me it wasn't the story who made me love this game, it is just the way everything is balanced out in this world. The interaction of the weather climate change, rain, snow, day night cycles, caves and how it affects your body temeperature etc. just feels on spot. The soundtrack is good (complements the game really well) and adds more drama to the situation. The World, sky at day&night looks stunningly gorgeous and gives you totally the feel that you really are there on this planet, a very immersive game! Just the look of the game made me wanna explore more of this beautiful world. I truly felt like an exploring new worlds pioneer. :)This is definitly a must-have for every space explorer pioneer, sci-fi and survival lovers out there! If you're looking for killing and shooting stuff, aliens etc. this might not be the game for you. If you're a curious, patient gamer and are into adventure/exploring/survival-games and if you like to got immersed and find out more of what's going on on this Planet, just give this a try. Overall price/package conclusion = TOP!! To me definitly best indie game of the year, please more of this!!(sorry for my english it's not my native language..)"
76561198120197260,Recommended,313630,28183705,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rancho,"best exploration game I've ever played. Brilliant graphics, story and gameplay. Running without problems.....Can't imagine the experience with VR....just wort buy.."
76561198001839044,Recommended,313630,28229436,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,00f,"This is my first VR experience that feels like a fully working, complete title. The atmosphere is just superb! It really captures the essence of what it feels like to be on a foreign and starange planet. The mechanics work really well and the game feels like it is building up to something huge. Cant wait to see what unfolds later down the line."
76561197983747040,Recommended,313630,28263961,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Nice beautiful space adventure.
76561198337770746,Recommended,313630,28334774,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Miik3-ruhi,Incredible game and nice story !I can't imagine what it should be in VR mode.
,Recommended,313630,28985372,Posted: 3 January,all,the_real_jareth,"VR reviewI am playing this game with my VIVE for 10 hours now and think that I have finished it for about 50%. I have the latest patch installed and the game runs with perfect performance on my not-so-high-end-anymore i7 2600k/GTX 970 combination. VR support is absolutely flawless so far and the handling through the VIVE controllers works very good. The game supports two ways of movement, the well-known teleportation system and the possibility to seamlessly move over the floor in the direction you are currently looking. Although the latter method is a bit slow (i.e. the movement is a bit slow), I use it whenever possible because IMHO it offers much better immersion. So I use the teleportion system only for climbing, for which it works very well.Regarding the game itself, when I was buying the VIVE I was especially hoping for a game that puts me on an alien planet full with mysteries, ancient ruins, and fantastic surroundings. A different, exciting world for me to explore. Well, the Solus Project is nothing less than the answer to these hopes. It looks great, even phenomenal sometimes, e.g. while standing on the shoreline, watching the two moons rising above you together with the occasional falling stars, or when exploring a gigantic cave filled with ancient structures of an old civilization. And the sound is even better than the graphics, providing very intense and even scary moments regularly. By the way, I am using a 26 years old AKG K-280 Parabolic earphone and this game simply lets me believe that it must be the best earphone ever built :)I have read some complaints about this game in other reviews stating that it not difficult and complex enough. I guess this is not completely untrue. For example, in the Solus Project you must eat, drink and sleep regularly. But throughout the game you will find more food and water than you will ever need. You will even find camps (marked with a white icon directly in the world) with unlimited food and water resources regularly. Sleeping is also no problem since you can do it in most places. Interacting with the world is also not very complex. Finding a key here, repairing a lever there, and putting a stone on a plate on the ground. Nevertheless you will most probably die a few times in the game, since it contains a number of different traps, which you will simply overlook from time to time (note that your character has enough health points and will usually not die because of a single trap only).Regarding myself, I must admit that I am happy with the difficulty of the game as it is, because it gives me enough time to explore the world very thoroughly. Since the world is so beautiful this is simply more important for me than a more difficult game. And being able to finish the game all by myself without the need of a guide from the Internet is also not a bad thing, I guess.Note that each area (cave, etc.) of the game contains about ten or more secret locations, and it is a real challenge to find them. Usually the game will reward you with an upgrade to one of your stats when you find one of these secrets. So, yes, this also means that your character can improve during the game (health points, resistances).Regarding saving, the game lets you save on special obelisks that you will find along the way (often enough). Beside this, the game automatically saves when you are sleeping, which means that in fact you can save almost anytime, which is really useful when you are about to try something dangerous. Note however that the game always uses the same single savegame.To say something negative about this game at all, it took about 1-2 hours to become great. Because it started with an intro that did not even look average to me, and the first two (rather small) areas in the game didn't look especially good, either. I can promise you however that the visual appearance of the game will strongly improve after that weak beginning.Conclusion: The Solus Project is a not-to-complicated action adventure that looks and sounds so great in VR that everybody with the slightest interest in SF should play it!Update #1Four hours later and while exploring a large surface area I wanted to add that the survival aspect is more present here than in the caves before because it becomes very cold during the night. So you really have to do some planning, do the exploring during the day and seek shelter during the night, or you will freeze to death.And I also wanted to add that there is an option that controls your movement speed when not using the teleportation system, and its initial setting was only 50%. So please forget what I said about the slow movement speed!Update #2Four hours (18) more I must say that the game still gets better and also more complex. I have discovered two secret caves that I am exploring right now and they are quite challenging. They are more dark, narrow, and contain lots of crossroads so that I have started to take notes about the ways I have already explored. And food and water is very rare so that you have to be careful to find your way out early enough. Great!"
76561198006072132,Recommended,313630,29087440,Posted: 7 January,all,Haikon,"Great game that's a walking simulator, puzzle solver, and one of my favorite passtimes collection completion.  I imagine the VR experience would have been amazing too. Without going into spoilers the ending is left reasonable resolved yet open to interpretation and allows you to fill in the blanks youself (leaving mystery there). I enjoyed it but didn't think there was too much in the way of horror, that being said my wife couldn't keep watching when we realized it was meant to be scary at times, most of the game is exporation and mystery in my opinion."
,Recommended,313630,27280954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,naughtobot,"this game has really surprised me.  It's not just a survival game like Arc, or a walking simulator like Obduction,  but has real elements of plot intrigue and incredible scenery.  I've actually had to pace myself so that I don't race through it too quickly, so that I can enjoy it.  While not a horror game, there are a few distinctly eery moments that have stayed with me.  The puzzles arn't too hard to take away from the game, and provide a nice additgional layer to the mystery"
76561198095164152,Recommended,313630,27933318,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Saftevand_,good
,Recommended,313630,28176861,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fezys,Imersive as hell!
,Recommended,313630,25083599,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,VirtualWorld,"very interesting!!!,great graphics and details굉장히 흥미로웠던 게임이었어요!!그래픽과 디테일이 훌륭했던 게임입니다 ㅎㅎ게임리뷰 영상은 아래 에 있습니다~https://youtu.be/ALVpOLOpmb4"
76561198047231751,Recommended,313630,24395960,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jakethegreat,"Intense experiance in room scale. Little wobbly and the controls , I think, could be tweaked more. Overall, they are onto a great start getting it to work in VR. Really awesome concept"
,Recommended,313630,26305158,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,§rgtphil,This game grips you in a way that only a true single player game should. its everything i want out of a game.10/10
76561197971789252,Recommended,313630,26929631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,andrespi,Amazing atmosphere.
76561197980479660,Recommended,313630,28242759,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,7HU6,"HTC VIVE review: This is a full game. Not a short experience. Sci-fi survival RPG game.  Since the last update it's really enjoyable with the Vive.Almost total support of controllers (you press the trigger to interact instead to make the physical movements but it's all right).Teleport and slow trackpad walking movement.Good inventory management, a lot of upgrades, a good history and some totally different and good looking scenarios. Changing and affecting weatherSlow paced, based on investigation and resources management. Don't expect a lot of action.If anything to improve, maybe more interaction with other objects of the environment."
76561198026724250,Recommended,313630,24897132,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,capto,Really cool in VR!
76561198138413051,Recommended,313630,26172352,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,JEF,"a very intresting and uniqe game, whatch  out for horror dolls"
,Recommended,313630,26856545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zixhill,"Vive Review. I have not finished the story whilst writing this review.So far I feel this is an bit experimental. The inventory management is not very practical (better than before though.) The story is quitte interesting, puzzling it together as you go. Some puzzle's and a lot of walking. I dont think there is any combat in this.If you like walking around and collecting stuff on your own. Look no more."
76561198304626908,Recommended,313630,27039452,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lemonwai1206,IS A GOOD GAME
76561198354527688,Recommended,313630,28734328,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,timexcop,"This game crept me right out. With that said, I highly enjoyed it. Chlling music at all the right moments and a great story. I didn't find it very challenging to survive, so if you're looking for a challenge you may want to play it on max difficulty. Highly recommend!"
76561197970852139,Recommended,313630,28878997,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,5finger,"I really enjoyed this game.  It did a lot of things right.  There were some excellent visuals, plus just sort of an interesting take on things, and I liked being in this world.I will say, pick it up if you're interested in an *exploration* game.  The first couple hours have a great survival mechanic, but after that there are so many supplies that it sort of becomes a non issue.  I really liked that part though, you vs the enviroment can actually be just as engaging as the more common you vs shooting everyone.I'd also say, once you get past that, there's a big stretch where... there's good stuff here and there, but it's not as strong.  You sort of feel like you're just following the arrows.  The whole game isn't like that!  Things start to heat up in the last 1/3 or so of the game."
76561197977894905,Recommended,313630,28931589,Posted: 1 January,all,Dan The Man,"Great game!  Very beautiful, and unexpededly deep.Not a shooter...but a pretty great mystery/puzzle game with some truly creepy parts.  If you liked Obduction or the Myst series, you'll like this.Nothing really to dislike here.  I'd give it a strong 8.5/10."
76561197970435142,Recommended,313630,24895786,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,fedge,"I've played the Solus Project in VR on the HTC Vive, and I must say it has been awe-inspiring throughout.Although a fairly steep entry-level learning curve, once settled with the controls and general UI experience, this game is a blast to play in VR.The feeling when exploring the caves and islands all alone on an alien planet (in VR), when the wife and kids are asleep (IRL), makes me truly appreciate the effort the devs have made to 'port' this game to VR. If you are into adventure games with more depth in VR, such as The Gallery and Greenwater, this game is a must-have!"
76561197974277361,Recommended,313630,25456427,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Zinion,"Enjoyable scifi adventure with a lot of free exploration. Graphics are a mix of of Unreal and Quake 3. Lots of hexagonal basalt columns, inspired by real-life's Giant's Causeway (Northern Ireland) and Isle of Staffa (Scotland), give an alien look and feel to the game. You solve puzzles using only a teleporter, a firestick, a rock and a hammer. Lovely outdoor islands, boring tunnels/corridors. Score: 7/10.Minusses:- only works on Win10 (it seems)- bad savegame system- no map- lots of backtracking- lots of samey-looking, uninspired tunnels/corridors"
,Recommended,313630,26305282,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,We're Full,"Awesome! Played almost two hours now and I feel really immersed. The survival elements are great, along with the mapless environment plus the open world aspect make this game great. There are also objectives that give you a reason to play this game besides for exploration purposes."
76561198034389955,Recommended,313630,26499955,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tumultuous,"Enjoyed the game for awhile the begining is great but gets old pretty quick, not enough to keep me interested. love scifi, exploration and survival but something about this one cant hold my attention. scripted events really take away from immersion so that kinda bothered me and was very easy to spot. The environments are beautiful, spent my first 15 minutes just in awww at the world they created, and the game isnt very expensive so id say its worth a try if you like scifi and exploration, survival in this game feels very shoehorned in the game even tho there is temp mechanics with water accelorating heat loss, it feels like they felt they needed something for the character to do while they walk around the mostly empty world, so dont buy it thinking its a good game for survival, your given everything you need served to you. cant say much of the story as i only finished the first chapter before i couldnt force myself to go on anymore lol. maybe a casual gamer would be into this game. recommended WAIT FOR A SALE"
,Recommended,313630,26749149,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NUMBERZero1032,"This game is wonderfully crafted. It has a few holes, but it holds up well as one of the best adventure games that I have ever played. Much of it reminds me of Metroid with the adventure aspect, backtracking, item searching, puzzle solving, beautiful architecture, and immersive atmosphere. The story really kept me going too, and being able to figure out the mystery and then experience the reveals in the game felt good. I am really hoping for a continuation. An ending like that deserves a next game chance to change things."
,Recommended,313630,28129708,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Parzival,Great game. Just plain old exploration and finding hidden secrets. Love the fact there is no fighting. Great audio and the game itself is beautiful. Would recommend for the casual player.
76561198082909325,Recommended,313630,28651990,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Game Face,"Lots of fun, but be prepared to spend hours making little progress as you look around for the answer to a puzzle, only to find that its been in your inventory sinse the last area."
,Recommended,313630,28821565,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Crazyassdrummerboy,"Hadn't heard of this game before playing it, just got it from the winter sale. My god this was a great game! good story with extreme depth and just enough challenge to spur you on. The visuals and music in this game are amazing and really add to the atmopshere of an alien world with hidden dangers. 10/10 would recommend this to experience!"
76561197970843997,Recommended,313630,28835208,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sethjs,"I played solely with the Vive and thought the game was fantastic. When finished, I felt like I had actually visited another world. It's the first game for the Vive that I've played through that feels like a complete full length game. Very nice progressive, mysterious story line with some cool creepy elements too."
76561198040865995,Recommended,313630,24658081,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,titusthesecondary,"This is ""environment, your beloved antagonist"" and well done!There's no long escape from the weather or environment,it feels very present.The game is quite immersive;the ""hard"" preset can't probably be done withoutquite a bit frustration in the first play through,I'm OK with choosing ""Normal"" at the beginning."
,Recommended,313630,24888703,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,tirpe,I dont usually play survival games but unlike a lot of other survival/ exploration based games this one has an actual plot. So far this game has been a blast to play.
76561197970582376,Recommended,313630,25931506,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Huskynator,"VR Reviewwith 1070 i76700k it is much fun. It cost me 30 minutes to get the controls and graphics the way i want. (reso 150%  graphics middle to high, walking 100% and direction aimed with controler --> VR beginners should teleport, i got my legs months ago)I feel like i can already say the experience feels much more deeper then without vr. The first tornado was so scary!"
76561198076448352,Recommended,313630,26334901,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,"He's dead, Jim!","The Solus Project is the first VR game I actually play. I have some other titles and demos which support VR and they are fine for testing and the ""Mhm, looks nice"" or ""Promising"" moment, but I rarely spend time in there for the game, its atmosphere and story itself. In this game VR is fun and impressive enough that I rather wear my headset and stand/walk in my room for hours than sitting in my comfy chair and look at my monitor.The VR support is done well enough, although some things are still rough. For example I wasn't able to play before switching to the release candidate branch. Sound sometimes only works when going to the desktop and focusing the game window. Saving in the wrong place can corrupt the save (will load in a black room). There are also some things I don't like much, like teleporting. It's feels a bit immersion breaking, just changing the place from one frame to the next, but normal walking isn't really an option due to VR sickness risks. None of those are showstoppers however and don't prevent me from enjoying the game in VR for several hours per session.Aside from VR I like where the game and story is going so far, but then I do like the genre (Explore/Adventure/Walking Simulator) a lot in the first place. If you do to and if you have a Vive, then this game is a safe pick for a very fair price.As performance, I have a GTX 1070 on a i5 3570K and play with Medium Quality settings."
76561198305394290,Recommended,313630,26432276,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,higdonkaren,"I'm not sure if I can put into words how much I love this game.  I played it through to the end and now I'm playing it again!  I literally stay up all night with this game.  There are so many things to do, explore, and figure out.  I've trulyl never played a game I have enjoyed so much.  I even think this is better than Myst, which is one of my all-time favorites.  The story line is immersive, the exploration is open world and you could really spend hours exploring each island.  Or you could speed through each island, it is truly up to you how you want to play this game.  The puzzles are challenging but intuitive.  I would rate this game a 10/10.  I am hoping for a sequel!!"
76561198071821656,Recommended,313630,26477148,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,haXed,"What a lovely little game.Pros:Atmospheric, survival, first-person, well-enough survival system (compensation for wind, wetness, etc.), and pretty awesome random events.Cons:Slightly monotonous, the alien dolls scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, and fortune favours the bold (or those that have time to run around for 10 years).Recommendation:It would have been nice to have had access to the previous islands via some form of teleportation (seeing as you have a device that can somewhat teleport). I say this because I only found components that were critical to a previous island/section later on, and I really could not have given a %$#@ about RUNNING all the way back just to use a cable to further explore a cave. Talking about caves, OH MY GOD – I literally never want to see another cave-like structure ever again. Every time I thought I got out, you submerged yourself like a bloody mole to be encountered by that smoke with spikes (WTF!?). Overall? I enjoyed it and definitely feel as though this was a good purchase for a student such as myself.p.s. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,313630,29310966,Posted: 16 January,all,exadon,One of the best games to play in VRConsBeautiful large enviroments to exploreChallenging and rewarding gameplayAmazing weather effectsA true feeling of freedomin-depth story with a lore rich enviromentGreat voice actingCons:When playing in Vive the menu becomes glitchy at times and does not openThe controls have a bit of a learning curveIf you have a vive and like survial games then you will love The Solus Project. This game has no combat what-so-ever. Instead players are left to explore a creepy planet and find clues about the planets past. The world is amazing and the story had a lot of thought put into it.This sci-fi thirller is one of my favorite games for the vive and I highly recommend it.
76561198295849756,Recommended,313630,24642243,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,boogyman111,"Best game for vive,vr now works,this is first real full game for vive,this is the best deal on steam.Good luck to devs,i hope to see more stuff for vr."
,Recommended,313630,28396931,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Salamicrow,"really enjoying not playing this in VR! its a solid exploration puzzle game with great atmosphere, environments and fairly interesting story. tried it in VR, got dizzy, now playing it normally on my ultra-widescreen and it's kept me occupied all night so far.the survival mechanics are not too punishing on normal difficulty but you do need to keep an eye out in weather or at night - you can die if you are more than a few minutes away from a cave and haven't set your 'quick escape option'. food and water is easily found however.it's a bit like a scifi amnesia but not as scary."
,Recommended,313630,28707201,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,VozValden,"So far the best game I've played with my HTC Vive. I would be recommend taking it easy when walking and looking around to avoid motion sickness, first time it happened to me. So far I've been exporing a cave while waving my torch around. It's quite fun especially when night falls and you can't see to much, I imagine myself stranded on the island like on Lost lol."
76561198069515444,Recommended,313630,28856769,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Overlord,"Beautiful game from start to finish, with a perfect balance of puzzlement, suspense, and story."
76561198049692291,Recommended,313630,29239499,Posted: 13 January,all,Skylark,"Love this game! Favourite game I have bought in a long time. Just finished it today too, heres hoping for a sequel or DLC to give us more info on the story!"
,Recommended,313630,29749104,Posted: 6 February,all,mrlankytoe,"Great Puzzle/Survival Game.  Reminded me a LOT of the Myst/Riven games.  If you like advancing the story for it's own sake, you can do that.  If you are a relentless completionist, it's got you covered with secrets.  The open world is really fun to explore.  Good story, great graphics, great music, really, just great."
76561198020990330,Recommended,313630,28699279,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HANZIE,"Super immersive and memorable. The survival elements are very well done and actually immerse you in the island and its story.The sights and sounds are gorgeous and scary at times (which is awesome). The planet is looming and danger could lurk around any corner. There is a ton to explore around planet between natural islands, mysterious structures, and deep caves. All the while you still need to eat, drink, sleep and stay warm while uncovering the mysteries of your surroundings. I had a ton of fun playing this game and couldnt put it down from the start. I like survival games but disklike the open-ended sandbox nature they usually are. This game is the opposite, its a survival game placed inside a story and exploration driven game and it works so well following it through to the awesome ending."
76561197989988926,Recommended,313630,28843261,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Amber,"This game is beautiful, engrossing, tense and massive! If you like to explore and solve puzzles in an environment that is amazing and also sometimes unsettling, you will like this game."
,Recommended,313630,29216453,Posted: 12 January,all,playoftheyear,"Worth it all the way to the end! Experienced and creative sci-fi first person exploration. Truly immersive and expansive atmosphere with many secrets. I have not played it in VR yet, that must add to the creepy nature. This is not the game where you mine or farm and build a little hut for yourself so at nighttime the monsters don't nab you. The survivalist aspects in The Solus Project are based on your adventuring momentum and the sustenance needed to get through to the next objective. While the progression puzzles are not very intricate, the secrets are well hidden."
76561198052741138,Recommended,313630,29280223,Posted: 15 January,all,sachalee82,"playing with the vive, around 6-7 hours in taking it slow. so far so good, one of the few vive game with a  full story and realised world. the ganeplay is exploration/puzzle witha  bit of survival, well suited to the vive as its about immersion and imagining youve crash landed on a deserted planet.controls are good could use a few more options perhaps, but better than most. graphics from a technicval perspective nothing special, but desiggn wise art direction its intresting has an alien type vibe, but a bit like home, things are not as colourful or as extreme as no mans sky more muted and subtle. you may want to use supersampling or in game resolution option if you got the horsepower because theres some terrible jaggies on display on some of the fauna and flora. it is  distracting because you spend a good deal of time looking at some of the plants which are very thin and needle like, and break up in jaggedy eyesore. nitpiking aside its workmanlike with a few ooo moments staring up at an alien planet moon setting and rising with comets wizzing by.gameplay is slow puzzle based, and i may have to accept this is not a massive game unfortunately and is basciallly linear. there are a few secret areas but they dont offer much  except stat buff. if your type of player who only goes for open world you will feel restricted here, although there is a bit of exploration and you can take your time and poke around the areas a bit.anyway only reason i got this is because im looking for vive games, and this ticks all the boxes, you do feel transported to another world and the survival elements  such as weather/food/water/shelter offer a hint of what survival games in future for the vive will feel like. this game doesnt offer anything special for vive, theres some neat stuff holding your pda in one hand and your torch in other is quite immersive, but it hasnt been designed for vr exclusively so its limited in that sense.good stuff overall."
76561198005854324,Recommended,313630,29283336,Posted: 15 January,all,HoneyBadger,"Great game. Considering that only 5 to 10 people worked on it at any given time, this game is very well done. There are some cons, but overall I think you will enjoy it.Pros:Visually very pleasing and the levels are diverse and interesting. You can easily find yourself exploring just for fun.Gameplay is pretty straight forward and the learning curve is quick. Difficulty is well balanced; I didn't get stuck too many times trying to figure out what to do or how to proceed, but at times I did overlook certain places or items because some of the levels were huge. Atmosphere is great; lots of mystery and unique places. Story develops well and I wanted to find out more.Cons:Not too many but here are a few: At times certain things did get a bit too repetitive (it's  a long game and when you have to do certain things many times over you may find yourself a bit bored of it). The story, even though it developed well throughout much of the game, toward the end I felt it was a bit weak. I won't spoil it, but I will say that it disappointed me in the end."
76561198001522245,Recommended,313630,29726343,Posted: 5 February,all,Jack,great game I had alot of fun playing threw this game. If you enjoy puzzle related games this one is ment for you plus its one of the rare VR games that take a while to beat rather than the ussual 30-40 minute games this one took me about a week.
76561198040787865,Recommended,313630,29736448,Posted: 5 February,all,hoffmannalan34,"Very interesting game, I would recommend this game to those that like adventure as well as survival, well done."
76561198047766004,Recommended,313630,29774901,Posted: 7 February,all,Omegaman007,"6 hours in.  Great full length VR game that now is Touch compatible and it's definately ment to be played with motion tracked controllers.  The ambiance is fantastic and the devs went to some great lengths regarding details.  There's a day/night cycle, crazy weather, TIDES...   I started on default difficulty but went up to 75% after a short while; will bump it up to 100% next session and see how it goes.  Definately worth the cash and a must-have if you have a VIVE or Rift.  Would love to see the devs create a spooky dungeon crawler/first person RTS adventure game next."
76561197976009007,Recommended,313630,29893239,Posted: 12 February,all,Brainslug,"Played with Oculus Touch: This is a good walking simulator. The graphics in VR are really nice, sound is also really good. Good VR experience. The puzzles are not too hard (which I find great for VR). There are some really good ideas in this game (wait until you hear and see the dolls!) Unfortunatelly it is not really about surviving (only hypothermia is a threat - food and water are always available). This is actually one of the more complete VR games!"
76561197970405288,Recommended,313630,30149131,Posted: 24 February,all,ianl,"Just finished the game and I have to say this has been one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.  All credit to the developers for producing such a great game, story line and VR experience.  I thought it had about 16 hours of gameplay (which is long for a VR title) but finally finished it after 50+ hours ... and it kept my interest right to the end.Apart from a few issues brought about by use of the teleport facility which, on occasions, allowed me to jump to areas of the game that the game logic hadn't anticipated it's been a bug free stable experience for me.  Thought the ending was great too and I don't say that of many games.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,313630,28944970,Posted: 2 January,all,Levy Lazuli,"Wilson, record: 5 hours first day, a week on the planet. Makes you very selfaware of your health and other stats while trying to distract you with amazing landscape and contraptions. Just saw signs of other presence. Will scout tomorrow after catching up on sleep."
,Recommended,313630,28967067,Posted: 2 January,all,Pali,"This is a great survival game and just a great game in general.In terms of mechanics, story and graphics the game presents nothing new. It matters not. Everything is put together so well, it blends so nicely and it's balanced in such a way that it will make your gameplay smooth and very enjoyable.As someone that does not enjoy these type of games, I admit I had a lot of fun playing it and I couldn't stop till I finished it. The story got me hooked till the end and I couldn't stop moving forward in order to unfold its mystery while surviving, enjoying the landscape and being traumatized by that music and that badass tornado.Seriously this game does everything well, it will push you, scare you, reward you, all in its right measure.It took 15 me hours to complete it following mostly the main objective and not exploring much. I bought it for $10 bucks but I'd definitely recommend it for $20 that's the current price right now. It's a great game."
76561198114385765,Recommended,313630,29827558,Posted: 10 February,all,rtrushkov,Great Game
76561198202820392,Recommended,313630,30380496,Posted: 7 March,all,Lumpy,"Pretty good game with amazing atmosphere, decent graphic and lots of secrets."
76561198115481468,Recommended,313630,28643072,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KurokageJS,"Wow.  I wasn't sure I'd like this game going into it, but something about it is very compelling. The atmosphere and landscapes are gorgeous, and they change enough that you're never bored. I very much recommend reading everything you come across, as much of the story unfolds through stone tablets or sheets of paper strewn about wreckages.  Things can get a little confusing if you don't pay attention.  This is 100% an exploration and discovery type of game - there is no combat, which is a nice change.  When you encounter certain creepy and/or dangerous things, it makes it quite interesting!  Great game, great story.  11/10"
76561197971417681,Recommended,313630,29236063,Posted: 13 January,all,Anacro,"Really enjoyed this one, nice graphics, atmosphere, weather effects, loads of secrets although you'll probably miss most of them and it's supposed to be a good VR game as well but not tried vr.So yeah big thumbs up for this game!"
76561198214498775,Recommended,313630,29414815,Posted: 21 January,all,s.mcfly2012,"Really enjoyed this game, and the story that unravels"
76561198010958823,Recommended,313630,29753636,Posted: 6 February,all,XenixEffect,"The ending ruined my life.I love this game, I really do. I don't usually play crafting games, but there's just the right amout of hoarding items and exploration in this to make me a very happy person. There are lots of fun items to find that raise your chances of survival, and you will need it. The weather in this game is freaking insane. If you think you're safe, in about 5 minutes you will be met with a tornado at -15F okay.It's spooky, it's confusing, it's wonderful."
76561197997902124,Recommended,313630,28647740,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jeremy,Highly recommend Solus Project and hope to see more like it from them in the future!  I have gotten 155 hours of game play off this one.  Well worth the price of admission!
76561198040506092,Recommended,313630,28681617,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LoneSerenade,"this game is amazing, really shows what VR should be. its not just a quick VR minigame or a game with one room, this is a whole world to explore, crafting items, surviving weather conditions, needing to eat sleep and drink. able to walk, jump and crouch in game, learn the hidden secret of the planet you crash landed on. No regrets purchasing this game at all. You can really immerse yourself in this"
76561198309079038,Recommended,313630,28910272,Posted: 1 January,all,GaryB,The Solus Project is quite fun to play!  It's not an open world sandbox game but it's still an awesome adventure!  I enjoy playing it!
76561197970301455,Recommended,313630,29324712,Posted: 17 January,all,VeeHexx,"non-VR play through, a few small bugs like loosing oiled torch once and heat readout being whacky sometimes. Not enough to rage quit by any means.as for the game itself, i couldnt get enough of it. gripping story, and a good focus on survival and exploring. Some great effects, ideas and good choice on the engine.Devs seem to be active in the steam forums responding to bug issues, which is a big plus imo.buy it, worth a play, you wont regret it!oh, i have 20h game time. maybe 4hours repeated when i restarted the game so around 15h gametime if you do a bit of exploring."
,Recommended,313630,29497078,Posted: 25 January,all,sbroburg,"okay I know that i have not played this game for long, but i just had to leave a review.I wish i could run this game at max settings, but my computer cant run that sadly :(, but thats my fault.I died from a tornado because i thought i could hide from it by standing next to a cliff. it was above and to the right of me and i thought i could run away but i was wrong. apparently tornados kill you lol. this game is amazing, and very pretty, i recommend it."
,Recommended,313630,29740601,Posted: 6 February,all,Boregasmic Gaming,"I am still playing this game when I posted this review. But I would consider this one of the best that I've played so far. Elements of survival, puzzles, creepiness, the ""alien"" environment seals the deal for me. Venturing inside dark caves, trying so survive the night and being chased by ""smoke monsters"" are some of the best that I am experiencing in this game so far.The pace of the game is quite slow but engaging. The only downside is the way you cycle items. This is not helpful during crunch time. And most of the times because of this, you will find yourself running in total darkness while looking for your lightsource.This is my take on The Solus Project guys, please do check it out. It's a nice game overall just has it's on flaws :)https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOyWIcYEsIokMoqb0VDgf-aKOeuT939nZ"
76561198027931491,Recommended,313630,29754300,Posted: 6 February,all,Will86C,"This game is spooky as hell, and the story is fantastic. Give it a chance and it'll suck you in. Higly reccomend if you enjoy a good sotry and the survival genre."
76561198016577938,Recommended,313630,29759724,Posted: 7 February,all,Spizer,"One of my favorite game in VR. I recomend this game for people who love openworld survival, science fiction, mysterious ambiance.Originally the game is for keyboard mouse but they adapted the control for VR and i definitely think that the game is even better in VR experience. The control are not easy to get at start, but after 1-2h you really get used to it and you start enjoying the game.One thing you can point your controller to your health pad and click on the option at the bottom, that was the only struggle i had with the controls.Be patient at the begining of the game real enjoyement start after knowing the control and get used to the mechanics of survival which is 30min to 1h of gameplay.Can't wait for a second chapter !"
76561198124230040,Recommended,313630,29790115,Posted: 8 February,all,maripat.finetti,"Immersive, fascinating, interesting, at times terrifying, The Solus Project is everything I wanted from a VR game.  The ambiance is amazing and I enjoyed every minute in game when I was running from deadly storms, looking up at a diseased moon, and fleeing from terrifying nothingness.  Stumbling around in the dark, exploring ruins, reading notes from other survivors, I felt as if I were truly there.  The story is fantastic, but a lot of the time I was just stunned at the overall beauty of the place.  I can only hope that more games like this become available for VR, and right soon (are you hearing me, SP developers?)"
76561198071755257,Recommended,313630,28366898,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Toaster,"Best game I've played in years. A very good surprise. Excellent game with an astonishing atmosphere, a touch of psychological horror that makes you just anxious enough about what's coming next but the intrigue is so good you just need to keep going and know what's happening. Really got hooked on this one !"
76561198071803097,Recommended,313630,28459656,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mazbot The Impaler,"This game is one of the most interesting exploration games I ever played. The environment is insanely beautiful and quite forgiving, whilst being full of adrenalin rush inducing scenes.The game play is intuitive and smooth and the story line is great. The ending was ... interesting, I would recommend playing the game for the story, not the ending.Overall a great experience!"
,Recommended,313630,28616843,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jiigenn,"If you have an HTC Vive and tired of tech demos and looking for a fully fleshed out game, this is it.  Flat games ported to VR aren't perfect but The Solus Project is an incredible adventure on an alien world through alien caves with mystery and exploration not matched by built for VR games."
,Recommended,313630,28855008,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,Great story
76561198019961071,Recommended,313630,28967698,Posted: 2 January,all,lordcrekit,"That game was AMAZING. I just finished it. I wish I could find more games like this- survival exploration is an awesome genre. If you plan on getting it, don't look too much up. It's really cool to go in more or less blind.It's not perfect - I was on normal and had an inventory completely full of resources the whole game. And my favorite areas were the first few- I wanted more of that. I was ready for the ending when I got to it (not that that's a bad thing: games should end at some point!) BUT: It's really good! Want more games like this."
,Recommended,313630,28983468,Posted: 3 January,all,Morgue,"I came into this game with pretty high expectations, and while it did fall short of a couple, it alsoexceededa couple, and easily met the rest, which in my opinion evens out very nicely.First of all, I highly recommend playing The Ball first. You can buy them together in a bundle for fairly cheap, and the games really are connected. I won't say how or why, that's a massive spoiler. You can absolute enjoy The Solus Project without ever having played The Ball, but it definitely improves the experience.Yes, this is an adventure/survival game, but the degree to which the survival aspect impacts your ability to explore is pretty much your choice. You can turn the difficulty right down to nothing, turn on item hints, and basically transform the game into a survival-lite walking simulator in order to enjoy the story. Or, you can throw the difficulty as high as it will go and spend 90% of your time stressing about where your next meal is coming from, and does that look like a thundercloud? Your choice.It's quite story-heavy, but you get to work through it at near enough your own pace. You'll probably feel rushed because of the pace of certain events, or because you need to find X resource before you die from lack of it, but even then you can backtrack to find whatever story elements you missed later on. There are also collectibles to find, which actually give you a small buff to your various survival stats.There are a couple of annoying bugs, but the devs are still working on playability patches so I expect they'll be fixed eventually. I'll amend this review when that happens. Unless you get yourself in the incredibly unique situation I did, the bugs shouldn't impede your progress in any way. They're just an irritation.Ilovedthis game, and I know for a fact that I'm going to be replaying it soon."
76561197970923285,Recommended,313630,32010136,Posted: 27 May,all,holonomic,"Nice full featured game to play in all VR goodness.  Many hours of play time.  Thanks for making it available for VR.  Now if all 3D games supported VR.  Appreciate the ability to use the teleport or just walk.  Game says VR is beta, but it played as well or better than many games built from the ground up for VR."
76561198323654491,Recommended,313630,34077393,Posted: 7 August,all,LastOneForNow,This game is beautiful and terrifying from the start to finish. I would recommend this game to anyone looking in the survival horror section of games.
,Recommended,313630,33401064,Posted: 9 July,all,Wyte D3viL,"Now what I expected at all.  I did not read about the story line on purpose, so I was very surprised.  The environment is challenging enough, and I am still going to have to re-play it to find all the secrects I missed on the first go."
76561198060297979,Recommended,313630,33132367,Posted: 2 July,all,Nifleims,Only intended to play for a little bit before calling it an early night before bed. I ended up dropping 3 hours in the blink of an eye. So recommending this to all my steam friends :)
76561198396278646,Recommended,313630,33063337,Posted: 30 June,all,dampfer_mail,"The VR editon runs nice and smoothly on a VR ready rig.It can be played seated with a simple xBox controller and looks stunning on a 4K VR headset like the PIMAXTo avoid motion sickness I strongly recommend as usual to adjust the spead of movement to the speed of turning and strafing. Here I chose 70% in the setup without ""comfort view""The experience is amazingly immersive and the variety of game settings lets you decide for yourself if you want to be challenged or enjoy the trip like a tourist.I'd prefer the option to save the game progress in a new save rather than overwriting the old one but thats assumingly just me. There is a lot to discover and to explore which keeps the VR experience entertaining and immersive.YO HO!"
,Recommended,313630,22131844,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Thunder,"Last time I got this immersed in a game was in 2007 when playing STALKER for the first time, this is basically the exact opposite visually but the atmosphere is just as heavy.Interesting story, great graphics and art style, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥15/10 sound design, wish it was out in full already so I could play it forever."
76561198074565515,Recommended,313630,22734111,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SeniorHunter,"Exploring the alien world, nature and technologies has never been so interesting. In my opinion, the history of this world is as exciting as any of MYST worlds. Reveal the ancient tragedy, breathe life into the world of another planet. It's a marvellous experience. And, of course, save  the mankind! I recommend this game to anyone, who likes mysteries with a scent of horror and thriller."
76561198202217945,Recommended,313630,23739534,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zanagan,I reccomend this highly to anyone who enjoys a good story.  The atmosphere created by the dev team is f***ing great and the plot keeps you interested and wanting to learn more about the strange forsaken planet you find yourself on.  Totally worth it's small price tag and a very enjoyable experience.  I would really like to see more games focus on the kind of things that this game kept close at heart.
76561197976405359,Recommended,313630,24614342,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ganker,"I really wanted VR to succeed which made me fear that it would never live up to my high expectations.  This game has made me a true believer.  The setting, the story, the atmosphere, everything, VR is truly here.  Get this and good luck taking the headset off ever again :)The exciting part.  We're so early in VR's story, if this is what's coming out now, i can only imagine what the future holds."
76561198320312887,Recommended,313630,25235029,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dreamcast210,"WHAT I LOVE: The feeling of being stranded and finding a way to home. But even more, the story that unravels as you explore. Most is told through diary notes strewn about the area. Others come in a more alien form. And somehow there's suspense despite the lack of any real physical threat throughout what I've played of the game so far.WHAT I LIKE: This is my first ""real"" PC game that would test my mediocre rig I built. Graphically, it looks great. The weather effects are particularly mesmerizing, as is the starlit sky at night with the moons orbiting the planets.WHAT I DISLIKE: While the exploration is fun, it comes at a price. It can be quite frustrating to search and find, reach the final destination, and then realize you don't have all the ""keys"" to progress further. This requires going back and searching some more. It fits the theme of the game but that doesn't mean I have to like it.WHAT I HATE: I'm not a fan of survival or crafting games. The crafting element is at least simplified to my liking. But the survival aspect isn't. I'm playing through on Normal difficulty with no added perks from the beginning. Nothing's worse than having to stop your progression through an area or story element so you can recuperate from cold, heat exhaustion, hunger, thirst or more. Sure, it adds to the suspense element, but I get a degree of anxiety when it happens. And it's of a nature I don't enjoy at all. (Truth be told, over the course of playing and becoming familiar with this way of playing, I prep better for survival before progressing through certain areas.)"
,Recommended,313630,29053326,Posted: 5 January,all,Erebus,It it a survival game? Sort of.A horror game? Somewhat.An adventure game? Kind of.Atmospheric? Very.Fun? Definitely.That's all you should really know going into it.
,Recommended,313630,22279691,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[AoR] Genolune,"Normally I play a lot of Bethesda games for their large mod database on the internet and I can go ham and not worry about ""immersion"", so I picked up the Solus Project for a different kind of experience.  If you've played Myst, it's a lot like that combined with a Metroidvania travel here and do this, and go there and get this object type playstyle.  I played it on easy mode until I ran out of the story (it’s still being released a bit at a time because it is Early Access), but on the harder difficulties you can get your fill of survival.  Temperature and wetness contribute to potential hypothermia as well as varying weather such as sunny weather, snow, rain, meteor showers, and tornadoes.  There are also plenty of secret areas to get items that boost your resistance to hypothermia, increase movement speed, etc. and you are guarenteed not to find all of them in the first go.There is a story here about Gliese as well as plenty of notes to find and read about your mission and fellow Solus Project astronauts and trying to communicate about your crash landing.  Go to the spoiler tag to reveal what I've uncovered and think of the story.From the in game texts strewn about on monuments and such it seems that a race of coneheaded people were taken from their planet by much taller humanoids which they named Sky Ones (because these aliens came in spaceships.)  These Sky Ones showed them how to make stone buildings and other sciences.  But there is a sinister element here.  The Sky Ones are underground dwellers.  The coneheaded children are sent to an underground monastery to participate in a ritual called the Flameless Rite, which if I understand the pictures and stone tablets correctly essentially involves running around with a torch that attracts a creature of some sort that is smoke, spikes and rays of light (you don’t actually see what the creature is inside the smoke) which then eats the child and flame.  I can only guess but what I gathered is that lots of coneheads are sacrificed to these “dark spirits” as they call them to power them up and the “dark spirit” is used by the Sky Ones to power their machines or for some other reason.  Of course all of this is done under the guise of some religion so the general conehead populace doesn’t realize they are food, leading to some wise rebels wanting to expel these superficially kind but sinister Sky Ones from their world.  As part of the main story you follow a giant cable from the surface to underground and manage to activate it using a tower which doubles as a lightning rod that funnels the energy.  Overall, it becomes kind of a horror atmospheric game without really meaning to at times.I recommend it for a change of pace and because it’ll leave you wanting to find out about what happened on Gliese as well as the Solus Project itself."
76561197988129966,Recommended,313630,22300746,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bosco,"The Solus Project looks to be shaping up to be very good old school, but new school game indeed. There is no rule that a game has to be sandbox, multiplayer or involve zombies or survival. Remember those days? Well in The Solus Project there is survival - food, hydration and there is an environmental struggle also. This is all wrapped up in some very nice visuals and what seems to be a decent narrative (remember those?) Below is a video showcasing some of the basic mechanics of the game, I hope it helps in some way to help you making a choice on this title.https://youtu.be/qhC-q8MpGBU"
76561197970766516,Recommended,313630,22187047,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Play2603,"The year is 2183. Earth has been destroyed and what's left of mankind is looking for a new place to call home. The future of mankind is hanging by a thread when you find yourself stranded on a desolate planet among the wreckage of what used to be a spaceship. Your friends are most likely dead. 15 years of travel for nothing.The days are scorching hot, nights freezing cold. Hypothermia, starvation and dehydration are your worst enemies. Welcome to Gliese-6143-CAs you explore the planet you learn that something sinister went on there a while ago. You find devices left behind by a technologically advanced race of beings. Did they actually shoot down the spaceship?Pros! Interesting story, beautiful U4 engine graphics, changing weather and day/night cycle. NO crates and exploding barrels.Cons! Annoying PDA voice. Jumping can be frustrating. EDIT: Jumping has been improved!Go buy this game!https://youtu.be/aT40nr4C400"
,Recommended,313630,23817013,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Whitten Miskers III,This game is a mild horror game with exploration at its core. It's a fun survival game that's not to hard to balance. Food and water come often so it's not to easy to starve or get dehydrated. The story is pretty good as well! Only issue I've had is once I got through the second temple I cannot progress any further. Everytime I hit the loading screen the game freezes and loops the loading animation and song. Not sure if this is a problem with the game itself or with my computer. I'll look into it more and update this review when I find the solution
,Recommended,313630,24084841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,FunBotan,"Pros:- The survival part is BOTH logical AND fun at the same time! There are just enough items to create a diversity of survival strategies while not creating a mess in your inventory and memory. Scavenging for resourses is more like entertainment than a job-that-needs-doing and it doesn't take much time on average even at hard difficulty. Hiding from a tornado under thin shipwreck while freezing to death has never been that fun, or at least I've never seen it done better.- Level design. The mandatory routes are pretty damn convinient, but the deeper you dig, the more realistic your environment becomes. There are actually multiple layers of secret passages stretching for miles away.- Physics. With the exception of thermodynamics-defying Alien Technology™, but who cares.- Unexpected plot twists made to scare the s*** out of you, Indiana Jones style.Cons:- The story. Sometimes it almost feels like there is one, but...- Too easy! It's a shame for such a content-rich game to be completeable in under 12 hours.tl;dr: Recommended for those who prefer to stray from the scripted path and explore the world."
76561198012096528,Recommended,313630,24127192,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,spurkinz,This game captures the essence of a puzzel survival game the story may be a bit repetitive but each time around you get new challanges and the story has nice twists and turn great game and worth every penny!
76561197977065882,Recommended,313630,23612914,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SpynalTom,Great atmosphere. I've only played on Rift CV1 so far but will try the Vive soon. The visuals are stunning. Developers are working very hard make VR better and better. VR has improved so much in short time. Very fun. I really enjoy the little details. Honestly I haven't gotten very far in the story yet because I stand around staring at stuff and just drooling. Thanks to the developers for making VR a priority and working so hard to improve it.
76561197996575290,Recommended,313630,23637397,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hagan,"Recommended for players more into puzzles and storyline than outright fighting.  Gameplay is simple, but the story is anything but, being exploration heavy and requiring the player to ration resources as they delve into the unkown.Survival in Solus is about wits, brains and judgement.No instant gratification, no fast paced action or explosions throughout, no swordplay or gunplay involved, just a good old fashioned thinking mans adventure game.If that sounds boring to you, read no further.*waits for them to leave*Alright, here's the rub.Just because you can't fighti in this game, doesn't mean your character isn't in mortal peril.  You have to scavenge for food, water and resources as you explore, and you are constatnly getting killed off by the weather conditions alongsied natural disasters that are happening all around you.This is a hostile world and it wants you dead.  And of course, there are secrets.  Go after the secrets, expect even more challenging deaths.  Use you tools, be smart with your inventory, and you might get to see whats erally going on with the world around you.Highly recommended."
76561198018789221,Recommended,313630,23639714,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Besensac,"This game is awesome on Vive.The fact that you can walk by presing your controller pad is really good for the imersion instead of teleporting all the time.Nice job devs!!!I played for 4 hours and I had no crashes, neat!!"
76561198060953947,Recommended,313630,23914018,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Redman,"Playing on Vive and love it,using blink control,thankyou for giving us a full length game to enjoy,well done."
76561198039119786,Recommended,313630,24034600,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Assasi7V,"so far, atmospheric. im feeling the whole lone wolf, strange world vibe, its proported lenght is a selling point as well definitly has some meat to it. buy if sci fi story telling and exploration are you thing!"
76561198026513085,Recommended,313630,24244090,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HolyOnionKnight,"good game and all like here's me going through caves like ""oh this is great look at the different items I can get using me touches and flashlight light"" then it says that don't use them and I'm like screw you and carry on then i see a shadow but thought it was a humanoid statue and went in further then it moved so I just nearly pooped  my self then weird glowing things appear which they love the light and heat then I thought it was over but then it happened the whole HELL TO THE NO demonic like baby's which I though we're toys but i turned around looting then when I turned back around they were looking at me blinking and now I turned the damn game off but it is a good game 10/10"
76561198041052676,Recommended,313630,24286612,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,dondec,"Using Vive, I have a bunch of hours into this game and really enjoying the Adventure.  Spending more time on this than any of my other VR game too, which says something.  Creepy at times.  Some puzzle solving.  Overall... solid recommendation."
,Recommended,313630,24021646,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[GWJ] Veloreyn,"So far I've invested about 10 hours into the game, and it really took me by surprise.  I love stories and plots that involve some ancient-yet-advanced tech, not sure why, and this game has plenty of that.  What I didn't expect, was a dark story and some of the creepiest gameplay elements I've ever come across.  Granted, I tend to stay away from scary/creepy games just because they don't particularly interest me, but this one brings it in so subtly that it literally sneaks up on you.  I'm definitely happy with my purchase during the 2016 summer sale, and really feel like I've already gotten my money's worth (and I haven't even gotten to the end yet)."
76561197969565215,Recommended,313630,24225440,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BigBlue45,Great in VR!
,Recommended,313630,23529035,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mitchell Plyler,"I have enjoyed my time with The Solus Project. Beautiful landscapes, simple survival mechanics, fun puzzles, and terrifying environmental hazard music.10/10 will play soon in VR."
,Recommended,313630,23638430,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Onennon,"10/10, scared me again! Very Fun game!! Kinda creepy at some parts, but very nice game.Q: Is there a Second Device (Crystal input required)? I found one in Act II if I'm correct and I put a Hot Crystal in it...I want to make a Cold Device, too. The Hot Device has helped me more often, as the Torch with reflective surfaces hurts my eyes and makes it hard to look at stuff. I was hoping for animals, but then I realized this planet is probably the hardest place for small, stupid creatures to live... because Tornadoes would sweep them up. I also take breaks a lot, as my heart beats too fast.Would Highly Recommend Playing.IF YOU HEAR DEEP, BELLOWING NOTES: RUN. RUN TO A SAFE SHELTER. IT IS NOT SAFE. *Static and Wind* -OH NO... OH GOD PLEASE N- *Deep notes* -NO NO NO N- *Cracking noises* *Static*  [End Transmission]"
76561198080816929,Recommended,313630,23795738,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cgrknctn,"This game has one main purpose: to tell a story. And it tells it, beautifully; makes you experince the story within the gameplay. There are tons of secrets to find and information to uncover. A whole planet is yours to explore. It is not big, not varied in nature but never boring. Best way to describe the planet -and the game- would be to say that it is a ""compact"" experience...When playing on normal difficulty; survival is kind of there, just to keep you on your toes; give you a bit of stress and excitement and keep you focused. thinking this game is just a Survival game is a bit of understatement. There is adventure, survival of humankind, history and a whole science fiction universe burried in it. All you have to do is play and experience it...Only bad thing I can say without giving any spoilers ending is a bit weak... The twist is good enough, but it lacks the force of a real conclusion... I can only hope that there is a sequel or a spin off planned to bring that much needen finale to the story.(This is a foremost a VR game, yes, but it is still fun without the gear. )"
76561198041201437,Recommended,313630,23936243,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ArchaicOblivion,"I got this game off a whim and I have to say I do not regret my decision, this is one of the most fun and intriguing survival games I have ever played. The work put into putting a mystery in almost every crook and cranny in this world is just amazing. The storyline in this game is very well crafted, and at the same time isn't overwhelming whereas you can't explore on your own, this game pretty much allows you to explore every part of the area with very few restrictions. There also being extra areas to explore for those more hardy explorers. Surely it isn't a super dedicated survival where you need to craft your way into a mansion-like base, but it really does excel on the exploration factor and the mystery of the past occurrences factor. I will defiantly play it over again. 9.5/10"
76561197980146987,Recommended,313630,24086317,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Weltraumhase,One of the best games I've ever played. Great atmosphere and ideas. Really cool sounds and music. I cannot describe how great this game is!
,Recommended,313630,23639034,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,curio,"As for the VR version: Yes, the controls could be more intuitive, but they are workable, and taking a bit of care not to abuse the currently rather unrestricted teleportation system, the game offers a very immersive and detailed environment you can lose yourself in. The fact that the survival aspect is rather light makes this more tolerable in VR, where going about  things tends to be a bit slower and many may do it primarily for the experience.I'm confident that the developers will continue to polish the VR integration. Personally, I'd wish for the controls to become more intuitive, e.g., picking up and combining things by touching them, operating the PDA visually/directly with the right hand, etc. I'd also prefer a right hand rather than a controller model, but that's only cosmetic.With a bit of good will, this is an impressive VR title you can lose yourself in. It also runs with good performance and OK looks at 150% on low settings (ultra textures) on my i7, GTX 970 OC Windows 10 system. Recommended!"
76561198157353333,Recommended,313630,24056958,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Migsmiguey,"Wonderful game, just one small flaw i think. The torch you make in the beggining will last forever. It always stays lit unless put under water but otherwise it seems to not burn out. great game though."
76561198256212616,Recommended,313630,24355372,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,cronos,this is a fun d=and enjoyable game but recommend for over 12 because of difficaulty and i a 11 year old who passed 11+ found it very hard you have been warned. by the way there is like no violance by the way and no aliens so dont be scared to explore caves
76561198143910234,Recommended,313630,23598975,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Rocket Noodle Hahnu,Ok so everyone knows what I'm going to shout so go ahead and shout with me starting1....2....3....SEQUAL!!SEQUAL!!SEQUAL!!
76561197960326925,Recommended,313630,23614935,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Neural,"This is a review for the VR version of the game.  I'm playing in the Vive.The VR component of the game really should be beta or Early Access.  The flat monitor version apparently is much less rough around the edges.  That being said, if you have a Vive...BUY THIS GAME!  The atmosphere in this game is AMAZING.  I really felt that I was exploring an alien world!  It's difficult to articulate exactly how profound this is if you haven't tried the Vive, but for that experience alone, it was well worth the price.  This is what I'm basing my recommendation on.  Any warts the game has don't matter to me because I was actually exploring an alien world in VR!  Thank you!  This is what I bought into VR for!  To explore new worlds!I never played the initial version of the game that had locomotion and other VR-related issues, I played the one after that which allowed for teleport locomotion and/or head tracked touch pad movement.  I like this solution and I think it works great.  You can tell this is not a 'made-for-VR' game but rather a port because at this writing, you can break some puzzles by just walking through walls.  Games like The Gallery and Vanishing Realms handle this by blurring your vision or teleporting you back to the playing field.   This game doesn't do that yet.The inventory system is acknowledged by the developers as inadequate and there is a new system being implemented this weekend, I read.  However, it's servicable as is.  I'm looking forward to their improving it, but I've a few hours and it's a bit tedious, but works.The crafting system and PDA are a bit confusing to use in VR, especially if you're used to other games like Vanishing Realms or The Gallery.  Again, you can tell this was made for a gamepad or mouse/kb and not VR.  Once you figure it out, it's fine.  It works.  I wish the interactions were more intuitive.  I wish I could take my torch and place the flame over a candle to light the candle instead of holding the torch, highlighting the candle with my pointer and ""using"" the torch on the candle.  It's a bit awkward.I'm really excited to see how the developers continue to improve The Solus Project for VR and I'm very encouraged by their progress so far!"
76561198057671038,Recommended,313630,23625423,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,-$plint$-,Prob. the best game I've ever played. What an adventure !! What a Journey !!
76561198063942102,Recommended,313630,23815138,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PS5Owner,I like it for the Vive.  Great atmostphere.  Controls work well.   it's interactive but not too overwhelming like The Gallery.   Probably the best PC-VR port I've played so far.   Will definitely be back for more.
,Recommended,313630,23907402,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tron,Wonderful game. I love it.The Story is very good and maintain the atmosfere until the end.The landscapes are amazing. The audio and enviroment is excelent.I really felt that I was there.9.5/10 !
76561198312400115,Recommended,313630,24398077,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nene,fun game
76561198136492238,Recommended,313630,25795091,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bunnyman34,"HTC VIVE review:This is amazing! It´s like beeing inside a sci-fi movie. I haven´t been this immersed in a VR game until now. I´m playing and my girlfriend is watching the screen and shouting at me in absolute panic. I´m tripping out as well , screeming like a thirteen year old girl when things go sour. Even my dog is freaked out now from all the screaming. His hiding in the closet.This is an absolute must have for any htc vive user!  10/10"
76561197970216799,Recommended,313630,25950926,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mr_belowski,"I'm part way through this playing in VR with my Vive. The controls are a bit clunky but once you've got the hang of it, the game is simply wonderful. It's perfectly paced, challenging, unsettling and fun. The alien world is beautifully realised and genuinely convincing.   VR adds a lot to this - you feel like you're really there which is both brilliant and slightly disconcerting.It takes a while to get going and the first half hour is a bit confusing but it's completely worth the effort to get started.I don't know how good the game is without VR, but anyone with a Vive and a bit of patience really has to get this. It's head and shoulders above all the mini games and other stuff around at the moment. It's also a huge game with massive vistas and a great sense of scale and exploration"
76561197975951483,Recommended,313630,26295078,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TG ABRA,"""You dawg, I heard you like secrets so I secreted a secret into your secret.""A survival genre game with a definite classic adventure game feel where the thrills are 100% exploration.The Solus Project's high quality aestetics and richly drawn storyline are a welcome change after playing a string of unpolished Early Access survival games, There is zero base-building or environmental alteration. But you do feel a sense of home in a cave or piece of wreckage that you cache found supplies in that you repeatedly use as shelter for a few nights before moving on. This sense of home is more vibrant than a home base you made yourself. When the environment offers you shelter, it has a sense of being a nurturing Other rather than a constructed base that is an extension of Self. It's hard to explain but it is art at its best.Likewise, the story is 'discovered' as you explore in the form of found ship's logs and ruins rather than being thrust upon you via scripted events, quests, or NPC dialogue. This creates suspense in the same way as characters in a scary movie wandering a creepy basement stumble upon a cursed book.  It makes the player feel as though they are accompanying their character on the adventure rather than in other games where you control and direct the character in a procedural sandbox.Just an exquite game that slowly reveals its many secrets at a delicious pace that allows you to savor the plot as your capacity to survive allows you to explore the world around you more fully before you seek shelter in a storm or at nightfall.A must-buy for any fan of sandbox survival games who have forgotten how satisfying a constructed survival game can be when you aren't distracted by sand castle building in a meaningless procedural world (and I love games like that)."
76561198156299961,Recommended,313630,28208036,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Thicc Boi,Very fun game I very interesting. Great plot twist at the end!
76561197992732525,Recommended,313630,28317561,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tactical,"As you can see by my 20 Hours of game play, this is well worth the money. The cost/entertainment time value is one of the best in VR to date. I spent all 20 hours standing and walking inplace with my character. The story line was great. The ending was thrilling."
,Recommended,313630,25336540,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hokey1,The best game I have played in VR so far.  Great work retroftting an existing game to VR.  Works great with vive controls
76561198048301037,Recommended,313630,25441527,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,lifesaver13,"Wonderful scifi adventure with a fantastic story. Additionally some survival and horror elements. Music, Grafics and weather effects leads to a great Immersion - one of the most interesting games!!"
,Recommended,313630,28264060,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,not_amused,Absolutely incredible VR experience.
,Recommended,313630,28543702,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SandwichRising,"This is the best and most immersive game I have played for VR to date. It has a completed game feel that other games do not, and a great length of gameplay to sink into. This is probably due to the game being made before VR, and then having VR functionality added once the Vive was released, but the VR system doesn't feel like an afterthought. I get a lot of satisfaction exploring, solving puzzles, and wandering the world. Even organzing my food, water, and other stashed items on the shelves of the empty shelters I find feels good in gameplay. There's something special about being able to reach out, interact with the world around you with your hands, and make it feel like your 'home', however temporary. The atmosphere it gives is quite alien, and leaves you with a sense of risk associated with your actions. I really can't give it enough praise in a market saturated with very dull, dry, and short VR titles. If you're on the fence, BUY IT! I am really glad I did."
,Recommended,313630,25117270,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DarkRaven14,"This isby farmy favorite Vive game to date. Everything that makes this game thrilling and eerie is just  amplified when yourSTANDINGon that planet. It takes on a whole new level of breathtaking realism; it's often easy to get distracted just taking in the views, or trying to comprehend the scale of an underground city.There’s a couple of glitches with the interface in VR (sometimes the item selector would render blank for me), but by and large it works well and is easy to use & stays out of the way. The devs acknowledge that VR support is a work in progress - and it's gotten better over time.I noted that game’s survival elements also lacked challenge (there's food and water and heat at regular intervals - I'd suggest upping difficulty to 100%) which initially bothered me. But a couple of hours in I started to realize that’s not really what this game is about. It wasn’t trying to KILL you - it was trying to make you take action, invest you into the surrounding threat.This is an exploration game foremost, and the survival mechanics just give you some basal motivation to do just that - search down dark underground corridors for food & water, rummage inside alien ruins for tools and keys, and maybe - just maybe - think twice about running out in a windstorm at night."
76561198042406128,Recommended,313630,25554465,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MarkDTS,This was one of my best gaming experiences of 2016. I've seen other people say that playing this game is similar to being captivated by a great book. Where you are being guided through a journey but the exploration never feels predictable or tiresome.While completing the puzzles aren't incredibly challenging the reward of new lore and areas is very rewarding.I did play this game traditionally but I have seen that most of the VR reviews aren't the greatest at the moment. That shouldn't deter people from picking this game up. It's definitely worth the price of admission.~Beware dark clouds~
76561198303109265,Recommended,313630,25837704,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,VRT,"One of the best VR games to date. Be sure to get the teleporter early on or you'll be screwed later.I bought this in the very early development and actually had to stop playing because I didn't scoop the device. Still, it was amazing :)"
76561197984451999,Recommended,313630,28190881,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DG| withering |SPC,"Holy crap, this game is awesome. And scarey. I had no idea I'd be playing a game that turns terrifying, and I won't say much else about it. But the exploration, survival, and unfolding story is fantastic. I'm loving it. Give it an hour or so of gameplay to set the hook. I wasn't initially sure if I'd enjoy this or keep playing. So glad I did."
76561197981901727,Recommended,313630,26138431,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,forlaunchcast,"Fantastic in VR.  Need a bit of patience at first with settings and getting used to controls.  But, this is the immersive RPG-like world I have been waiting for in VR.  Such a refreshing change to pay a full fledged VR game rather than yet another early access cash grab."
76561197970104561,Recommended,313630,26412601,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Andy77L,Love this game! Should get 40 hours of playtime by the end of the second run.
,Recommended,313630,27729175,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,spaecii,alien 5
,Recommended,313630,25338394,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Erufen Rito,"This is a game I bought on a whim. The atmosphere is pretty good,and gettin invested is easy. The music can be either absent or super eerie, setting the mood just right.The difficulty of the puzzles is pretty low, and the maps big, which makes getting anywhere feel a bit like a chore. However, the effects are very pretty, and the story is a head scratcher.Over all, i would recomend this game if you enjoy puzzle games. There is NO combat here whatsoever. Something I didn't accept until the credits rolled by."
76561198095120636,Recommended,313630,25732169,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BreathingCarpet,"So my friend came on, restarted my game then somehow screwd himself over. 11/10 vr game"
76561197961827905,Recommended,313630,25820860,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,G3Bishop,"Liked this game without VR....LOVE it in VR! Fully immersive, creepy and intellectually challenging. Awesome game!"
,Recommended,313630,25834312,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,dspent,"Excellent Game!  Combination of mystery, crafting, story, graphics, audio etc. were on point.  Best game I've played in quite a while.  Ending is both puzzling (in a good way) leaving you wanting more (sequel????????) and also a bit harsh in that you feel like there should have been more.  I hope they make a sequel to this game.  I really got a prometheus vibe from this game. Overall I felt like it was telling the story of an advanced race of beings experimenting on several races of lesser beings which feels alot like the movie Prometheus.  It would be very interesting to see where they take this franchise next.Game also has great value.  I played for about 16 hours or so and I feel like I might have missed some things.  Meaning for the cost, you get alot of game and at no point do you ever feel like you're just grinding for no reason.  Perfect."
,Recommended,313630,26814390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[V101]RenStrike,"By for the best VR game I've played so far, and it wasn't even originally made for VR!  Combines Myst-Like puzzles/story/exploration with survival elements.  I played this so long in one sitting (actually...standing) that my legs no longer worked and I sit down for the rest of the day.  10/10, would stand again!"
76561197997719847,Recommended,313630,25690742,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ehanig,"I found this game very enjoyable, with only a few flaws.  If they resolved these flaws the game would be amazing.1)  Ability to fast travel to islands - i know this is survival and explore, but the 4th time i got lost trying to find an island in the caves was really annoying.2)  Story Ending - while i am all for a non standard endings, there were to many holes in what we knew (i read all the parts), and the ending left me not very satisfied.  If they extend the game or have part 2, then i would like that."
76561198067774334,Recommended,313630,30457100,Posted: 11 March,all,ildikomeiszter,I really enjoyed every minutes of the game!
76561197970559001,Recommended,313630,30661472,Posted: 21 March,all,Cole,"Great game, Love the story a little slow at the start but after you get into it you can stop!. I have to say I loved this game good long story!! I need more!! please make more!!!!!!!!"
76561197972590127,Recommended,313630,30539941,Posted: 16 March,all,Mad Dog Kenrod,"Bought this just for the VR version. 5 hours in so far (which is about 28% according to the achievements). An intense mix of exploration and puzzles, with a solid story and an oppressive, foreboding, creeping horror hanging over you the whole time. I've really no idea what to expect around the next corner, but I'm loving finally having a meaty game for VR with hours of quality content."
,Recommended,313630,33784584,Posted: 25 July,all,Nymstar,"nO, NO, NOOOOOOOOOO, you can not end it like that!!!!!I hate to watch scary movies, I hate to read scary stories and most of all, I HATE to play scary games and when I bought this, I didn't think it was scary.It was probably not that scary, but I'm a scarity cat. Anyway, I couldn't refund it anymore and there was a spark of curiosity that made me proceed.And I finished the game! I was so proud of myself!But that ending though... I hate the ending.It was like I did everything for absolutely nothing.The story is okay ish. Not very creative, but still enjoyable, the weather system is awesome though. Visuals are OK, Although, to my opinion, might not age well. The soundtrack was OK, sometimes a little too much.Overall, it's good enough to be enjoyed but wait with buying it until it is on sale."
76561198054234829,Recommended,313630,31997886,Posted: 27 May,all,Tibarnius,"Wow, what an experience. Great story, great gameplay, tons of secrets and exploration and exposition. Highly reccomend for anyone who enjoys a good narrative"
,Recommended,313630,31997456,Posted: 27 May,all,Pr0t0typ3,"I loved this game and i only just watched interstellar. Has anyone noticed, that the sounds at a tornado ingame have the same melody as the dramatic soundtrack parts from interstellar. And the story, and everything? If you wanna play what Dr. Mann had to go through in interstellar, just on a different planet, buy this game.Interstellar, The Video Game9/10"
76561198188625454,Recommended,313630,35034753,Posted: 17 September,all,jspqnx,"VR Review only here :This is the ""No Man's Sky"" you are looking for.It may not be as huge as NMS but it's VR so that makes it better on all levels.Wish that the interractions with touch controllers be more natural than point and click.It's so beautiful that i just sat at the top of a rock over the water watching the waves, the sun and the distants planets for 5 minutes, I even lay on my back in the cave just to rest a little. The feel man!There are some minors problems that could easily fixed by the DEV at that point and they don't so I guess they don't give a f.. at this point. Sad because this game could be the best VR game of all time.If you want to completely forget your actual ""real"" life and embark on an amazing exploration that actually feel real, don't hesitate and do it."
,Recommended,313630,26636499,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ZeerelValkyrie,Its not my cup of tea.That being said it does a damn good job at entertaining me.If this is your kind of game then you should absolutely buy it.
76561198031556056,Recommended,313630,22799830,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[OvL-I]Carlos Chilipimmel,"So I stumbled upon this game via the store, read the description and thought to myself ""meh...why not"". So i bought, installed and started it.First thing that struck me was this genious of main menu soundtrack. This one blew me away...right away.I had not a real idea of what i should expect on this, i still thought is some space-survival - nothing more, nothing less. Oh dare me to be this stupid indeed. As soon as it started i found myself within a great adventure. Although some of the animations are - and I am far from an expert to rely on a whatever amount of experience in ""rating"" games - not quite good, this game caught me right away. Making use of the debris, the nature, exploring this indeed very alien place, but on my on - at first.I still have part 3 upcoming to me, as I haven't had the time yet, but I am SURE, it will keep up its pace and beliveable storyline.Another point I would love to mention is the fact, that the developing crew, especially the art and environmend designers made a really fantastic job here. You can somehow relate to this place you got stuck into and feel the need of exploring at every moment.My rating so far is a solid 8/10.Get the animations smoother, and the full scale is yours.Great game, total recommendation!"
,Recommended,313630,33876713,Posted: 29 July,all,a.sabbioni,"Wow!I played in Vive and absolutely love it!An adventure/survival game perfect for the Vive, The atmoshpere is great , just think at a Movie like prometheus and also play it in Vr,Game challenging enuogh,Long hours of gameplay good graphics and amazing moody atmosphere!it's also great fr the price of 15pounds,Raccomand it to play nin Vr"
76561197962453326,Recommended,313630,33644762,Posted: 18 July,all,KWPaul_Games,"Played it pre release, got so far into it and put it down to wait for the finish of the game.  I now own OR and playing this in OR, and its fantastic in OR, I havn't completed it yet, but I came to check up the rating as  I was enjoying it and was surprised to see it marked as ""Mixed""I read through a few reviews and still disconnected with the reviews, between tech issues and predictable story being maybe the main complaints, I'm not finding the story totally predicable, and tech issues happen, but listed in Canada at 21.99 full price, it'd definatly better than a 68%<at the time of this review>Just from the VR aspect, its fantastic, it was a great game to play without but with OR it makes it so much nicer, I have my speed at 100% no VR sickness, smooth movements, only slight times can u peek through walls if you choose to crane your neck around.  I personally am not finding the story predicable to much, but loving exploring the checking out all the nook and cranies.i'd easily give it an 80% and will update when I finish playing the game."
76561198063047955,Recommended,313630,33798574,Posted: 25 July,all,Srilankan1,I initially bought this game and returned it when i first got my rift last week. It was making me a little queasy and i didnt have my full VR legs yet.But after reading some reviews and fixing some settings to help run everything smoother i decided to give it another try.Very glad i did . I must have played 3 hours straight last night in VR and it was such a great experience.I understand that it was not built from the ground up for VRlike Lone Echo etc but  It is still a real treat to play and i can play it seated so it really is a great way to spend a few hours in VR.I haven't gotten too far because i restarted after tweaking settings. But great story so far. And great fun on the rift.
76561197991269066,Recommended,313630,33971338,Posted: 2 August,all,Maglot,"I got this game to play in VR exclusively, so I haven't tried it in normal mode. The game looks great visually, but the VR is VERY full of jaggies unless you crank up the supersampling. If you have a rig that can do that and run fairly well, the game is...well, DEPRESSING. I don't know if it was the VR or not but I felt incredibly alone and isolated on this alien world. There are realistic survival mechanics in the game, requring you to keep warm and eat to survive. Unfortunately parts of the game require you to swim through cold water which made forced me to start a fire with the only food I had, just to prevent hypothermia. So...I guess it's either really good or really bad, depending on how you look at it. Give it a try and see for yourself. XD"
76561198217603708,Recommended,313630,21489300,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rosewhyne,"WARNING.....SPOILERS.....APOLOGIES TO THOSE WHO READ THIS BEFORE I WAS REMINDED...Well, I've spent 3 days playing this game, logged most likely 18 hours total.  Yes, I'm one of those types who really gets immersed in the game and wanted to find as many of the treasures as possible.  I must say I find this game to be totally enthralling and kept me busy thinking about how I was going to get from point A to B.  The teleporter gadget is fantastic. The weather effects and the graphics are great and I am a graphics snob.  I totally recommend this game for anyone who loves to figure out mysteries, puzzles, and secrets.  About the only thing, I didn't like was the fact the game isn't done yet. I got to the part with the pillars in the room with the huge cable you're supposed to follow and finally figured out how to get to the other side and BANG!!  the early access is done!!!   OMG!  now I will have to wait for the completion of the next part of the game to see what's next.  This game gets a round of applause and a thumbs up.  Hurry up and get the rest of the game finished!!!!!"
76561198025914520,Recommended,313630,21925615,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mavi,"Nice atmosphere,nice game."
76561198085410183,Recommended,313630,21802092,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,wilsonator183,I've never really been a survival/exploration fan without any strong combat elements but this game is amazing.Its so easy to get lost in the story and the enviorment of an alien world. I highly suggest this game to anyone who dreams of setting foot on anotherplanet one day
76561197998642227,Recommended,313630,21717259,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Evil Hotdog,"cool mysterious sci-fi exploration game with some survival elements.so far there hasn't been any action yet, just exploring islands, caves and alien architecture.I really dig the the atmosphere they're trying to create with this game, a lot of the story comes from the environment and the things you discover. At first you're like, cool abandoned alien buildings and stuff, but after a while you realize something is really wrong on this planet, like creepy dark wrong, and it may not be as abandoned as you think. You should give it a try if you're into movies like alien and interstellar.pros:-nice weather and environment system (rain, snow, tides, cyclones, meteors, northern light, earthquakes,...)-believable world-focus on exploring and finding out what's happening, instead of action (may be a con for others)-some light puzzle elements, you won't be breaking your head here.-works nice with xbox xontrollercons:-no blowing up stuff (I don't really mind tho, it's not a shooter)-so far it's been pretty linear, you do get to explore islands and caves, but when that's done there's only one option: go to the next island or cave (I get the impression the world will open up eventually in a later phase of the game, in a bioshock kind of way, but I'm not sure)-the environments, while nicely crafted and unique looking, do use a lot of the same textures and elements which make it look repetitive at times. (then again, Mars's surface looks pretty much the same as well)"
,Recommended,313630,23819179,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,phoenixdigital,Got this game on the June sale and I have to say this is 100% worth the price for the amount of content here.Without giving too much away the atmosphere of this game is great and a lot of detail was put into the design of the alien world.While the VR component is pretty new there are a few niggling interface issues but nothing that would stop you playing the game solely in VR. I'm 7.7 hours in and have been having a great time. I don't tend to get VR sickness so the locomotion has been fine for me.It would be great if the inventory system was a bit more fleshed out that next/prev item.
,Recommended,313630,23828403,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ケヴィ・ディ,"I spent the past 2 days playing through and holy hell it was bloody great. It kept me engaged and it made me want to keep playing till the end.My favorite thing about the game was the disasters. I just wished there were more. The music, the scale of them they were amazing. The ambiance was amazing, everything looked nice, the survival gameplay was good. Especially the heat mechanic in the later areas.The only problem I had was playing on normal difficulty. When I got to the first monster I literally couldn't do anyhting to get past it. it would always come for me no matter what, so I had to drop the difficulty down. Other than that dodging the other monsters was easy but amazing. Especially when it was pitch black and you just hear the music then you see a flashing light head your way.Overall I rarely pick up a game and play it completely blind but I'm happy I did so here. It cost me 16 hours of my life but it was worth it. Good story, great environments, good gameplay mechanics and amazing atmosphere."
76561197990588265,Recommended,313630,23813937,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,garretthart13,"Awesome game, it's very addicting"
,Recommended,313630,30547572,Posted: 16 March,all,ove_wovve,"A small gem almost forcing me to buy VR.The game takes on several mechanics lightly, but the mix is perfect.A scenic exploration puzzle adventure with crafting and survival elements.A small minus for the ending feels a bit rushed and some repetitiv puzzels.But still a ""must have"" if you tick any of the gametags.Well done Hourences and Grip Games, looking forward for coming titles."
,Recommended,313630,28654133,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,foxxy grill,"Not a fan of horror games in general but this game didn't overdo it, which is nice.Survival games are something I play alot, and The Solus Project have a nice mix between survival and exploration which makes it so much better than your generic survival game.Probably have the most detailed story of any kind of survival game I have, and I have a few.The game is a very good example of survival horror. It mixes well with the story behind it and why the ""creatures"" that roam the caves are there.In conclusion, a very good game for the one that likes both survival and horror games. And might even appeal to VR users, can't really say anthing about that since I don't own a VR headset.Things that I find annoying with the game:None, except for the falling damage effect. Falling a distance dealing greater than 100 damage will make you almost unable to see properly.Final grade: 8/10There's several aspects that need some refining, but overall, quite immersing."
,Recommended,313630,21346874,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Blink,"The Solus Project is a sci-fi exploration/survival game set on a distant, seemingly uninhabited planet that you've crash landed on. Despite very little dialogue, or substance to the story, my early access to this game still managed to suck me in.PROS:- Beautiful, immersive environment, atmosphere, sounds and weather. The juxtaposition between the dream-like cosmic surface world and eerie, cryptic caves is well done. The weather system is dynamic ,and  at any point you can experience meteor showers, rain, earthquakes, temperature fluctuations, all which have an effect on your characters well being.-The survival feels intuitive. A PDA companion gives you lots of great vitals on your body, survival status and environment such as body temp, humidity, sleep/energy levels, weather temperature etc. What makes this great is that every little thing affects these vitals accordingly. Get wet from a rainstorm or swimming in the ocean? Your body temp will lower and you'll become at risk for hypothermia, but you can bust out a torch or start a fire and watch it come up in response. There are plenty of other ways to help maintain homeostasis. Tons of little things like this make you feel like you're actually surviving on a strange planet.-There is an in-game adjustable difficulty. Want to mainly explore without worrying about dying of thirst? Slide it down for an hour, seamlessly. Want to have a complete immersive experience with no objective markers or help markers, and a completely hardcore survival difficulty? There's an option for that too.-Exploration is rewarded. The different areas are littered with bits of lore, random items which may or may not be useful (I've found everything from a teleport device to a solar-rechargable flashlight), ""relics"" which can boost various survival stats, things that give you temporary buffs, crafting and survival supplies, small puzzles and other random stuff which never gives a dull moment.NEUTRAL:- No immediate combat. There doesn't appear to be any enemies thus far in the game, thus your only enemy is surviving and not falling to death.- The game is not completely open-ended. You are free to explore each area, which is rather large and packed with secrets, but ultimately there is an end goal/story of establishing communication which will lead you from one area to the next.CONS:- This is a fresh early access game, so expect about 4-6 hours of content from this first piece of the game, as well as some bugs which will cause the game to occasionally crash, thus losing any progress between saves.VERDICT:An extremely promising game with a lot of fun aspects and potential. Worth supporting through early access. The beautiful environments, rewarding exploration, and cryptic lore leaves you wanting even more. I can't wait for them to add more content.ART/DESIGN/MUSIC: 9/10GAMEPLAY: 8/10STORY: 8.5/1025.5/30 - Should be near the top of your wishlist if you're a fan of survival/space/sci-fi"
,Recommended,313630,23475130,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,the one,Cool game but an realy early optimisation for vr atm. If you like exploration games i would recomend.
76561198076469923,Recommended,313630,23510444,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Strifey7,"The game I waited most for VR and I was not disappointed. Everything looks beautiful and the movement doesn't cause me motion sickness on my oculus rift cv1. Once I start the game it's really hard to quit. I even had to face my worst fear in the game and it almost made me crap my pants, but I won't spoil anyone what it was :D Some things took me a while to learn, but that might just be my own stupidity. I really don't have anything bad to say about this game at this point! Absolutely love it and I honestly could have paid even more to get this game! Devs have really taken every measure to avoid causing motion sickness to players and I think it couldn't get any better than this."
76561197969981324,Not Recommended,313630,33059978,Posted: 30 June,all,Shadders,"I deleted the last review I did of this game because I thought I was being a bit unfair.However, after getting stuck again, I think it's worth saying that this game needs more polish.It's not like I'm jumping around trying to get stuck, I can just walk between some hexagonal stones, turn around and not be able to walk out again."
76561198035199255,Recommended,313630,21327857,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,A JANITOR,"fantastic game so far runs well on my crappy pc on ultra video settings with a 1gb AMD video card will update my reveiw as i explore this beautiful gamewell done devs esp for early access look forward to more:)awesome the game is complete and leaving EAvery cool gamei have played enough of this game to say that The Solus Project is one of the best games ever made:)fantastic job devs lets see where the solus project can take usit does feel like your actually on a planet:)controller support is awesomepros=everything is beautifulcons=there is nonekeep up the good work devs solus is beautiful and an experience to enjoy/pioneers of a new way to play an awesome game:)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------THIS is how you make not only an Early Access game, but a good game in general. Certainly well on its way to becoming one of the greatest exploration games around.my answer=definately and solus so cool i bought it for someone and sent as gift:)also as a special thanks to devs for adding 2 of my pets to the crew photo series and adding several of my ideas to the game :)awesome game awesome dev team 10000/10 exploration game of the year +rep to devs:)1500000 out of 10 a must have must play this game is absolutely amazing:)Masterpiece 2016"
76561198033427960,Recommended,313630,21704656,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,k1ng r4t,"Beautiful atmosphere, simply clever puzzles, reasonable survival system, and some of the best sound design out there. If you want to feel immersed and alone in an alien world, this game is for you."
,Recommended,313630,23510864,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,hookman,The devs have recently been adding Vive support and it has been getting better and better each patch.It is now at a state where I think most people would be happy to play through the game in its current state.The game itself so far is very immersive with beautiful graphics and what seems like an interesting story so far.
76561198200221562,Recommended,313630,23506008,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mrslimslenderman,This game is worth the price just for the experience of walking through the environment in VR. The gameplay is fun too but I find myself just staring at the sunrise and shadows as the sun drops behind rocks. Pretty incredible.
,Recommended,313630,23400614,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jaytmuk,Best game on the Vive to date... Awesome game
76561197976822858,Recommended,313630,23437680,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,b0n1,"Atmospheric, tense and terrifying at times, The Solus Project leaves you stranded and alone on a breathtakingly beautiful alien world. Things start to go from bad to worse very quickly, and you're forced to survive in the hostile landscape by scampering into an eerie underground cave. Soon it's apparent that you might not be as alone as you first believed..."
,Recommended,313630,23464405,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,trgz,"HIghly enjoyable. It's not unlike being in a cross between an FPS (without the 'S') and a point 'n' click adventure. It's got the feel of STALKER (the exploring and dynamic wether threats) with the 'alien-ness' of LOOM all wrapped up in a failry pretty package and with a real sense of purpose and a sound storyline. So far my experience is that the narrative/story (for want of a slightly better description) has to be discovered but it is there and makes the game a reasonably rich experience. Definitely happy so far. And the sky is worth stopping and staring at (if it's not actually 'threatening' you). Oh, and I'm not playing in VR."
,Recommended,313630,31532425,Posted: 3 May,all,BluntSmith,Got woken up by a tornado couldn't find shelter and died! 11/10 !
76561198021706027,Recommended,313630,23443661,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Swissy87,"Very cool concept, perfect for VR and recommend for anyone with a Vive! You look for food, water, materials to do stuff and figure out what is going on on the planet.Note to Devs: Some better teleporting controls are really needed. Standing and moving makes one feel very sick and is forced to sit down to play and lessens the experience."
,Recommended,313630,21410800,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,István,"I think this is one of the best exploration games of 2016.The story is awesome, the graphics are amazing, secrets and traps everywhere.Graphic: 9.5/10Story: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10"
,Recommended,313630,21544588,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,THE_WHALFARG,Captivting experience.Still need to work around some bugsCrash free gaming experienceMystery/Thriller/Drama/Exploration/Survival/Sci-Fione hell of a package!Can't wait for the next episode
,Recommended,313630,21551156,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TriptychAngel,Ok people this is a review for anyone having a start up issue with installing c++. Thanks to a developer I was directed to this forumhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/313630/discussions/0/412447613563781699/#p2which was pretty helpful and led me herehttps://www.smartftp.com/support/kb/the-program-cant-start-because-api-ms-win-crt-runtime-l1-1-0dll-is-missing-f2702.htmlScroll down and download the Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2015 (64-bit) file and install and restart and THIS is what fixed my issue which is the same as the issue stated in the forum link above. I'm glad that I was able to have some help from the developers to solve this issue and now I can play the game
,Recommended,313630,24943745,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,rtz,Great game if you like things like this. I've experienced a few issues with crashes and FPS dropping but nothing too bad. There's also a kind of eerie and mysterious story to it that is fun to play through.
76561198323956994,Recommended,313630,26262188,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,serial_iller,"fantastic game, great exploration and atmosphere. it's a different kind of survival horror. only complaint is that it seems to be poorly optimized, that's why i have so little time on here, i ended up buying it and beating it on xbox one."
76561198007657093,Recommended,313630,28407812,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DangerousBri,The Best Oculus VR game I've played so far and have played a few.Can't stop playing it.When will it ever end?So addictive you just want to continue the story just one bit further.Can be scary and has made me jump a couple of times and I don't scare easy.Why can't I find any other games as good as this yet.
,Recommended,313630,24837789,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Monty.Joseph,"Cat pushed over a picture frame behind me, I almost sh*t my pants."
,Recommended,313630,26347451,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dayron Arias,oh ho ho GOD I LOVE-a memes-a
,Recommended,313630,26920472,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anunnaki,"This game has become a favourite for me.  It's intriguing, complex at times, has amazing level design and is aesthetically pleasing pretty much at all times!The storyline is compelling and full of mystery and the landscapes are surreal and very detailed.I've not had the opportunity to try it in VR yet but would imagine it to be awesome!"
,Recommended,313630,28178034,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Harry Mason,"A very atmospheric, detailed, feature rich and lengthy game for VR at this point.On Vive, I find it frustrating that they removed backward trackpad movement just to add a recenter button, and it's odd that you have to use a button to couch/duck. I'm personally finding it difficult to get into because of this disconnect, and I may end up refunding it for that. (A personal preference that I'm sure differs from many peoples', which is fine. No point arguing about it though, since argument can't change preferences.) If I hear they're definitely re-adding backward movment before my 2 weeks expires, or at least a way to edit the .ini file for correct trackpad movement, I will update this review.Anyway, the game itself gets a big thumbs up. It's immediately captivating, and has some of the most complete and high-quality features seen in a Vive game so far. Highly recommended, if you don't mind the lack of backward trackpad movement. You CAN use controller tilt for full forward/backward movement if you're good at it. For me, it feels off for this game and its tight platforming and jumping, although I loved it in ""A Legend of Luca"" where you only have to deal with walking/running."
,Recommended,313630,29422553,Posted: 22 January,all,contrazap,Wow.. An amazing game. I love the story telling most of all.Survival elements just fit in.Felt the need for each of the objects in the inventory.... I need to find a safe spot to sleep... I need to dry myself. Any heat source nearby!!!... I need to heal myself. Any alien food and healing shell melon nearby!!!... Oops. Tornado coming... Oops. Meteor strike incoming... Oops. Hypothermia imminent... Oops. Heat stroke imminent... Water bottle empty !!!!Spoiler ahead... :)....... ME:-- Finally ...... Established ... Com... Link........ ALIENS:-- NOPE.. F U
76561198051351289,Recommended,313630,28213838,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],Walk into templehmm appears to be an ancient nurserycontinues exploringhears a kid laugh from behind meturn aroundall the dolls that were decorating the room are starring at mewtfturn around to drink from a water sourcehear laugh againturn aroundthe dolls are now all standing and move closer to me whenever I look awayYO ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Recommended,313630,26304432,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,EvilSmoo,"This game was very interesting.  Being chased by what are apparently guided tornadoes is quite the disturbing experience.Also, I love one bit.  A lot of ""exploration"" games push you along a corridor, and show you neat things with varying success.This one?  I think they completely forgot to add invisible walls or kill zones (barring lava, or the result of swimming in subzero temperatures...).  And then, on the very first level, they give you the damn UNREAL TRANSLOCATOR (well, a slow version) and let you explore pretty much anyplace you can chuck a disk up or down to!Now, THAT is an exploration game.Didn't super care for the ending, tbh."
,Recommended,313630,26365374,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chillingo117,Love the game and its exploration theme. The world is amazing and the underground caves give me the creeps. But the ending is so damn stupid.
76561198039936518,Recommended,313630,29385629,Posted: 20 January,all,josshem,This game made me scared of dolls.
76561198096079278,Recommended,313630,29771649,Posted: 7 February,all,FriendFive,"I liked this game but it did have some issues.ProsLooks fantasticAtmosphericMusic and sound effectsSurvival mechanics including heat stroke and hypothermiaEncourages and rewards explorationConsMediocre and cliched sci-fi story with a disappointing endingSurvival mechanics that included hunger and dehydration but the game included so many resources that you were never in any real danger of starving or dehydratingThe game was all about exploration, but there was also a critical mission that needed to be done and wandering off to explore caves and such really took away the urgency of that main missionOK, I really liked this game and the story was OK, but cliche. If you like the whole Stargate/ancient astronauts vibe, then you will like the story even if there wasn't really anything innovative about it. And yes, the ending was a letdown to me. It really deflated my sense of everything that I accomplished and experienced through ther rest of the game.The setting is really immersive and enigmatic, but for a game that encourages you to try to explore every nook and cranny, it seems unfair that you could (on rare occasion) get yourself stuck in a place where you have no recourse but to just let yourself starve to death or just quit the game and reload. I am not talking about glitching through walls or through the floor. I mean that there is a teleportation device that you can use to teleport short distances to reach otherwise inaccessible areas. And sometimes you could teleport into some nook somewhere but you couldn't teleport out. That was frustrating the couple of times it happened to me. I guess another annoyance I had with the game was there was a fair amount of backtracking at times. But at least the environments changed becuase of your earlier actions so that keep things a little fresh as you were going over old paths. I really do recommend this game though, it could be pretty creepy at times, and awe-inspiring other times."
76561198332084129,Recommended,313630,32134375,Posted: 2 June,all,SNA77,Good survival game. First full length game I've played with htc. Very beautiful grafics and I liked the story.
76561198031231518,Recommended,313630,31893457,Posted: 21 May,all,Delta99,"I would highly recommend the Solus Project to anyone with a VR headset and like these types of games. I have no idea if playing it in 2D would be as enjoyable but probably close.The immersion factor in VR is what really helps here. These guys did a great job with the environment. Sounds, music etc.The storyline is interesting enough to keep you reading most of the passages and other items you will find during your journey.I didn't find it too difficult of a game either although I did play on the easy level. Probably a lot more challenging if you play on one of the harder levels. That doesn't mean it was dead simple as I did die a number of times and had to restart from a save point. I do like the way they implemented saving as well.Basically everything was done pretty damn well so that is why I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,313630,32335606,Posted: 10 June,all,Jonnypanic,"This was the first game I bought for VR. I paid full price and don't regret it. In VR it is mostly stunning, very atmospheric and absorbing, much better than most of the glorified demo rubbish that is out, a full 20 hour+ campaign. The game is basically about exploring an alien planet and surviving. Has a nice 70s b-movie sci-fi feel to it, and is occassionally quite scary.The only real problem I have with it, aside from occasional bugs (VR is still being developed, but on the whole it works), is that you must have collected certain objects before you can finish the game. To anyone who is going to start a playthrough, you must keep Visual Helpers on. I made that mistake and ended up having to wander around enormous levels just looking for one single object.But it was still fun. And probably one of the best VR games out."
76561198344725868,Recommended,313630,34675085,Posted: 1 September,all,berryk87,I really enjoyed this game. Exploration and puzzles as well as a little risk and excitement. For a VR game the graphics are great and there is a lot of gameplay time. I would definitely recommend this!!
76561198411621802,Recommended,313630,34845250,Posted: 9 September,all,Dustyearlobe,"ok waiting for fallout 4 ,WOW i hope it plays like this ,has a great sence of mystry about it ,i have not finished yet and just want to keep exploring, the rabbit hole go,s deeper than you think"
,Recommended,313630,34069928,Posted: 6 August,all,Zorgon,This game is a ton of fun. The different levels or islands are very big and challenging. The only down side is that if you play on normal you have to make sure you keep up with your food and water because they can deplete fast and to start out you can only carry 12 items and it goes up by 3 for every upgrade. But overall this game is super fun 9.2/10
,Recommended,313630,32123045,Posted: 1 June,all,mkenny_17 [Euthanasia],I just buy this for the graphics and it was absolutely fantastic. I am not into open world / exploration games but i think this game worth the $11. Graphics wise is Metro Last Light alike. If you're into open world/ exploration/ survival games i recommend to check this game out.
76561198044949543,Recommended,313630,32328284,Posted: 10 June,all,Frerk,"I bought this game during its first Early Access period because it sounded so promising, and every second was worth it. The atmosphere was intense and solitary, remnants of an ancient civilization which is unknown yet clearly humanoid, an alien world with deadly flora, fauna and incredible geography and an amazingly rich world with tons of secrets to discover make for an awesome experience. As far as spoilers go the ending was a bit of a letdown, but having played each chapter individually as they were released (I have to admit, the ending to each chapter was extremely cinematic  - I really should play the game in full again sometime) felt like a true journey through an alien world.The crafting system was interesting but not exceptionally detailed, and I would have perhaps appreciated some additional ""survival"" elements beyond water/temperature/health, but in the end it's all about exploring and making progress and not about camping, so I can absolutely live with these (minor) flaws. This game really needs a continuation though."
,Recommended,313630,22120912,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,8GUS,"The Solus Project is gripping, harsh and amazingly fun!I bought this game because I liked the look of the game and the promise it made of what it was. And boy was I (and still am) right!The Solus Project is an adventurous puzzle survival game. I made the mistake playing this game on normal difficulty thinking it wasn't really that much of a survival game. But heat, cold, dehydration, starvation, alien traps, tornado's and even meteor showers can kill you as soon as they get the chance. Keep this in mind when starting this game.You are on a mission to save mankind when your ship crashes on an uncharted planet (Gliese-6143-C). Now you have to survive and try to establish contact. But you will soon notice that this planet is not what it seems...The Solus Project is really well made and the environments (inside as well as outside) are beautiful and full of stuff to explore. At the moment of writing this I'm getting a sense of what I'm supposed to be doing, but there are more mysteries on this planet than it first revealed. Am I alone here? Are there other survivors? What happened here in the past? You are slowly figuring this out when playing the game.I for one cannot wait to play more of this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aAlaNHBUuk"
,Recommended,313630,25237422,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dogsong,"I've played this for several hours on my friend's vive, and it's one of the most expansive games on there, probably because it was a normal game first and they are working on adding VR support.Most vive games are very short and shallow, but this is a ""real game"" focused on exploration, and VR support makes it a lot more immersive and fun. While I had some trouble with the first part, once you get to exploring caves it becomes amazing. It is one of the deepest VR games currently available."
,Recommended,313630,22254282,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rapskilian,The first impressions of the game have been absolutely great. I can't wait to dwell more into the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVRALVJS7SU
,Recommended,313630,21915211,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rhedorhisa,"Some parts of this game feels kinda absurd in design, but it's graphics is amazing as long as you don't judge it by its dirt texures, and I have to mention how the developers brought this through despite the lack of support (I couldn't even find this game when I typed in 'solus' in google)"
76561198116234531,Recommended,313630,23891136,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bennesch,Awesome game with a great story and nice gameplay mechanics. The atmosphere is amazing and it looks really good.I can definitely recommend it to people who like great stories and exploring.
76561198081178734,Recommended,313630,24240150,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kuja,This game was one hell of a ride all the way to the end. Deffintly worth checking out!Pro's: Best use of the Unreal engien I have seen in any game so far.Con's: The ending could have been better.
76561198039561661,Recommended,313630,23616002,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Atlas,"Quit messing about and get your cash out, you won't regret it, like aliens,ancient civilisations,mysterys,problem solving,survive against the odds agianst a hostile environment that changes quick.excellent"
76561198011328167,Recommended,313630,23881337,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gizmodian,"TLDR: This game is amazing.I am playing without VR, as a regular first person shooter style. In the dark, with only myself and my glowing monitor even vaguely visible.My first moments in the game was inspiring. I had no idea what I was doing, the world felt harsh and hostile and I was in awe of the sheer scale.I felt lost. Alone.It was perfect.The sound and ambience sucks you in. Audio cues tell you what's going on. I highly suggest headphones, surround sound if you've got 'em.The handcrafted nature of the world is obvious. Beautiful landscapes. Contoured caves. Convoluted secrets.The world itself is your enemy. Heat. Cold. Starvation.Storms.  The storms themselves are a sight to behold of terrifying proportions.Any of these can kill the careless and unprepared.Though the game itself is not particularly brutalizing and there are several levels of difficulty in which to choose from.  I played on balanced, and it was just that. Balanced well.  You don't grind to survive.  You scavenge and prepare and make decisions.I actually made a terrible decision at one point in the game, losing my torch. I battled constantly threatening hypothermia, but with a little tact, I managed to make it past the area.  Even if you make a mistake, not all is lost.Be smart when playing, and it's not a frustrating adventure in finding out how angry a game can make you.  It will take you on a fantastic story driven adventure.The only small issue I find with the game is that it's incredibly difficult to backtrack. The cave systems are winding mazes, and if you're an idiot like me and don't get all the tower pieces in each area, you're going to have a bad time.Because of this, I have not yet finished the ending, but the journey so far has been easily worth what I paid for the game."
76561198176968642,Recommended,313630,23608224,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bred,"This is a great game, and I highly recommend playing it. Well worth the 20 dollars. The only negative I will give this game is the bugs it has right now. As of now I am currently unable to progress through the game due to a loading screen freezing my game."
76561197971329735,Recommended,313630,23614430,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Elgand,"I purchased The Solus Project purely to play in VR, and while the controls take some getting used to the developers have been very open to feedback. Things are getting better at a very good pace.They also suggest playing this game outside of VR for a while to get your bearings, which I did. This is an amazing game even if you have no VR headset, but the immersion level when you are using VR is unmatched.If you want to help push the VR version further, buy the game and leave the developers feedback. If you are interested in the game without VR, you are in for a treat. The game is completed outside of the VR implementation."
,Recommended,313630,23618826,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ViveHive,"The Solus Project is an absolutely amazing experience on the HTC Vive, and a must buy for anyone looking for a 'deeper' VR game. Admittedly, the VR implementation could use a little more polish, but the devs are clearly dedicated to delivering the best possible experience, and the game gets better with every update.If the idea of exploring lush, exotic alien planets, and truly feeling like you're walking around a different planet appeals to you, please buy this game now and support the devs as they continue to give us one of the very best VR experiences to date!"
76561198113726968,Recommended,313630,23823943,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dandy1381,too scary to play
76561198027346976,Recommended,313630,23849688,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,T Breezy,Long gameplay with a really good buildup in plot to a very abrupt and unsatisfying ending.  The graphics are pretty and the gameplay is addicting.
,Recommended,313630,23900108,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,"It’s pretty fun so far, if you’re into the survival stuff then it’s definitely worth a look. Maybe even for some horror fans since it is surprisingly creepy in places. Had a genuine jump scare which wasn’t even a jump scare because of the atmosphere and that’s usually a good sign in that department! It is quite a slow game though and those looking for a quick game to pick up and play are probably looking in the wrong direction here!For the full first impressions video. Check out my Premature Evaluation!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZTA-zq836c"
76561197978820568,Recommended,313630,23608263,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,<AR> Madcat,"Let's start off with some backstory, just to be clear...When I was 8, the first Unreal game released. Not Unreal Tournament, no... Unreal Gold Edition with Return to Na'Pali. A campaign game, very shooter focused but also many RPG elements. Prior to Unreal Gold, my experience with gaming was purely simulators, mostly flight combat. I never owned a console, never experienced Zelda, but that game sold me on a genre I never knew existed. I completed the campaign and the expansion 4 times before downloading any modpack mini campaign I could find and playing those, too. Since then many games have released that had RPG elements which I've enjoyed. The newer Tomb Raiders, Fallout series, Elder Scrolls. I've loved them all, but none as passionately as that first, little-known game that truly taught me how epic a story a videogame could convey.Flash forward 18 years. I happen to be browsing Steam when a game pops up that seems to have some interest. ""Okay"" I say, as I watch the trailer like many before. ""I'll give it a try, why not it looks entertaining""I had no idea what I was getting.I think the first hint was probably the crosses with the aliens everywhere. Not simple crosses, no... crosses for aliens with 4 arms. But why, when these aliens all have 2? Where had I seen such crosses before? Could it possibly be? Nali?Enter aliens. ""Wait, is that a Skaarj?"" ""No but damn that's similar, and the staff reminds me an awful lot of the Krall..."" Then I start thinking about the plot. A technologically advanced mysterious alien race which subjugates a physically more frail other alien race that is still primitive in development, and uses their technology like magic? Well okay, also familiar... At least they don't have to mine Tarydium.So I complete the game, hyped up and craving more, but also still curious about these glaring similarities... Come to find out in an interview the developer seems to share the same passion I do for a little known old game...Overall, I thought the added survival elements really helped modernize it over the inspiration. They are well balanced if you know what you are doing, and select the correct level of difficulty for your preferred playstyle. The added spookiness over UG was unexpected but welcome, and never quite the jump scare most people go for, but a more subtle reaction in the gut. Walking up to a corpse, seeing it lean upright and stare up at me as I stand next to it... I didn't jump back but had to utter aloud ""Ohhhh no you did not just do that...""Honestly, the only thing I think this game is missing is an ASMD...Needless to say, I'll be raving about this one to friends for a while yet. The moment I get my Vive there will be a second playthrough happening."
,Recommended,313630,23865840,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Siry,"Excellent game, even if you are not much into survival, exploration is good and you never feel like you are really stuck, puzzles are simple and the secret caves can be unforgiving, interesting story and awesome sound, didn't try it with the oculus yet but even without it is a great experience."
76561198040786825,Recommended,313630,23615440,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TrueFranco,"Game need to fix a few things but overall is amazing, and is the first real long game (more than 10 hours)."
,Recommended,313630,23913130,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dingbat,"Pretty good exploration game if you like atmospheric games. A few mechanical issues with the crafting and controls, but nothing super major. Also some slight pathing errors with some of the events in the game. Really enjoyable if you like old school secret hunting and a decent survival challenge."
76561197970833892,Recommended,313630,24193389,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MooTheCow,"I played this in VR and even though VR-mode is currently only in Beta, I found the experience amazing and enthraling.  Would totally recommend it.The sense of presence in some of the areas (particularly the caves) is huge.  And when various monsters appear (which happens only after a few hours of peaceful exploration) then they have a real sense of danger.  Particularly when you are waiting in the dark listening to a monster passing, and afraid to equip your torch for fear it sees it.  And yet there aren't really any jump-scares, just occassional areas which give a sense of dread.  This is an exploration game, not a horror game.--Edit to my original review to state that the VR inventory has been updated and now works great.  And this, combined with the dev's visible work in this area, means that I am confident that the remaining VR issues (which are not so annoying as to detract from the whole marvelous experience) will be ironed out.  I don't want niggling mention of small issues to mar this review and potentially put people off a purchase, so I've removed them from the review and into their proper place as a bug report.So much have I enjoyed Solus that on upgrading from my 770 GTX (which actually ran the game fine on lower settings) to a new 1070 GTX, that I started my 10 hour campain again from scratch in all its graphical quality!"
,Recommended,313630,24231817,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Maffi,"This game is amazing! The ""story"", if you want to call it that, is good. It is literally exploration, and only what you seek out and find, that makes the story.What i am trying to say is, you can basically run through the game and not read anything or pay minimal attention to the things around you, but why would you do this?But now a few other, minor things that should be mentioned, for example the performance.It uses the Unreal Engine but sometimes stutters really bad, that has to do with the sky and ocean reflection updates.If you receive these kind of stutters, then there is a fairly easy fix for it:go and open:steamapps\common\TheSolusProject\Solus\Config\DefaultGame.iniin the config find and change following from True to False:AllowOceanUpdate=FalseAllowSkylightUpdate=FalseThis will help a lot, also go and enable FXAA in your driver settings, if you are on an nvidia card, this did help tremendously with my frames per second, boosting it from 45-50 to 90-95fps.TL;DR: Good game for little money for all explorers and spelunkers that know how to basic computer"
,Recommended,313630,23491802,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Reconisance_[OFPR],"Albeit slightly less optimized than I expected, on my gtx970 this game looks and feels absolutely gorgeous, with everything from the natural (and unnatural) landscape to the weather catastophes to the phenomenal star patterns and literally everything inbetween. If a game has ever made me want to buy VR, this would be it. Side note - patience is a virtue, especially when exploring."
76561197961380748,Recommended,313630,26107527,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jovian,Got this for the VR. One of the best VR experiences so far. Some things could be better: seems unintuitive to shuffle through menues to attach objects when I have two hands in VR but I understand that this game was patched to allow VR and was not made for VR from the ground up. So I fgorgive these minor annoyances. Amazing game!
76561198204055520,Recommended,313630,28798247,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SnowWalker,"Loved the game. Truly an interesting experience but I gotta say, if I never hear (Operator tired, sleep advised) Tries to sleep, then... (Sleep, not advised) again, it'll be too soon."
,Recommended,313630,27690295,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xankriegor,Mindblowingly good exploration expierence. Can't wait for a part II or a continuation of the story via DLC.
76561198093731118,Recommended,313630,28791945,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,harbinsky.m.e,"This is a weird game to actually write a review based solely on the binary “thumbs up” or “thumbs down” dynamic.I decided to try this based on the teaser/trailer the company put out for the game. The idea of being alone on an alien world; the weather, humidity, temperature, hunger, thirst, and the wind effecting your survival seed like a rather neat play dynamic. Oddly enough, it worked rather well. True, you’re viewing all that through your PDA that looks for all intents like a cell phone from 2010, but it works rather effectively.The set pieces were rather well constructed for the most part, and the lead up to the alien civilization’s eventual demise worked rather well. I can overlook the immortal alien food and stew that you keep finding later on because you need to keep from starving somehow. Also the torch and flask of oil that never get used up is a bit jarring considering I was carrying around a bunch of stuff I didn't need for a while befire figuring that out. I can even live with the alien language being just a simple replace cypher. For the most part it was visually stunning, a decent play mechanic, and it held me in for most of it.Until it kind of didn’t.Here’s the thing. From a non-spoiler aspect, the protagonist is kind of an idiot. I understand the idea of having the character keep a voce log to spoon feed the player the bits that they might not be picking up on, but honestly it kind of took me out of the environment every time they talked, epically toward the end when they were just coming up with ideas that were dead wrong for the express purpose of getting you to the point in the plot that the writers wanted to have the game go to.Which is fine, if you want us to go there; just the more subtle approach might work a little better.Spoilers next.Also the “bad” aliens are still alive. You don’t actually fight them, but having them leave you notes, seeing them wander about, and calling you on the radio telling you what to do is…….well……unnecessary.The scene with the dolls though. That was quite well done.It almost makes up for the 3 liter bottle of champagne that never runs dry that you find towards the end.Almost."
,Recommended,313630,28423305,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SajBear,"Great game, so much to see, explore and look at in awe!"
76561198046817307,Recommended,313630,25609603,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Greymatter,"A bit rough around the edges but nontheless a very compelling story driving your inner curiosity to find out all the facts about the planet you have crash-landed on.  Has an interesting game mechanic involving heat & cold that I haven't seen before.  It's wrong to call this a survival game though, I would say more exploration."
,Recommended,313630,26279986,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SuaveLemon,A perfect mix of open world and old school story telling
,Recommended,313630,28660680,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Technus,"I really enjoyed this game and played most of it in VR.  Here are the things I like about it:1. Tornadoes - The tornadoes are scary and the music that comes with them make them even more terrifying.2. Nice graphics and great sound effects and music.   I loved the cave with all the giant, glowing mushrooms.  I also loved the giant moon, that was my favorite scene.3.  First person and very immersive.4.  Very Interesting story line.  The further you get into the game, the more you learn about the alien race that used to inhabit the planet and what happened to them.Tips on playing:1. When in doubt, use your teleporter.  It serves as more than just for teleporting you back to a cave when the weather gets bad.2. Food is everywhere, you don't have to stock up on it too much.3. Don't swim with your torch ;)**Warning Spoilers below**Suggestions for improvement (I know the game is no longer early access, but I think these would have made the game even better):1. There should be a suggestion in the beginning to use your teleporter to get into the first cave.  I was completely clueless on this and didn't think I could shoot it in there for some reason.  I actually stopped playing for quite some time because I got stuck on this and couldn't find the solution.2.  The player seems to care less about the aliens he actually encounters.  For example, when you get to the top of the windmill and activate it and then make a log afterwards, he says absolutely nothing about the reptilian/predator looking entity that was chained up trying to literally bite your head off.  I think that would have been important to note because it is the first alien contact you have.  That was not the only instance.  He reported once that he ""thought"" he saw one when in fact it was standing right in front of you.  Unless you really weren't paying attention, it's impossible to miss.  That probably should have been said the first time you saw one for the very first time standing in a window (which he said nothing about!).3.  I know VR is ""expiremental"" but there was some shimmering lights around plants and some other things that threw off the feel and graphics a bit.4. There should be more than just the 15 components around the islands.  I thought I got them all but was left 1 short.  I tried my best to retrace my steps, which took forever! but was not able to find that last one.  Had to use a cheat command.  Also, not everyone thoroughly searches everything, which is why there should be an abundance of the parts.5. There should be manual save options so I can go back to an older save.  I ran into a couple issues and was not able to load an older file so had to use cheat commands (like the time a pillar got stuck up on a ledge somehow)."
76561198108727305,Recommended,313630,26431145,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,1100011,"There is a difference between games intended to meet a commercial target, and a game created by designers because they enjoyed developing their ideas. To me this game seems like a good example of the latter.Rather than an Indie game, this looks like a AAA game on a budget. You can tell that the designers are very experienced working with the Unreal engine.You do a lot of exporation/survival in this game, but it's true nature is a horror game.Strongest points:Well executed suspense rather than goreLots of desktop wallpaper material in the sceneryAtmosphere, lots of attention to detailconsole commands and access to settings to let you tune your experienceWilson!!!!Unsure about:game has some mazes, mapping as you go would be good.Overall the best Indie game I've seen."
76561198053313753,Recommended,313630,24698511,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Elmooo,"It might be the whisky, but I'll give a thumbs up to The Solus Project. There are however, quite a few BUTs involved. Why? Because Solus is a bit of everything and that will definately not please everyone.It has a bit of survival BUT it's far from hardcore. There is a lot of food and water to be found and if you build your personal warm/cold orb of doom (which I didn't because I'm a muppet) you should be fine. There's not a lot more to surviving than that. I didn't mind the casual survival as I am more of an explorer.Luckily there's a bit of exploring to be done BUT it doesn't really yield anything interesting. Although I'm a bit of a completionist the game didn't really give enough incentive to go looking for all secrets. The paths to the objectives are quite linear. No fancy-pansy-teleporting-swimming-through-acid shortcuts (yes I tried :).At times the game can be quite immersive. I liked the way down at the start of the game. The recordings your character makes are also quite nice (even though it's not interactive). Face it, you would be freaked out when YOUR spaceship was shot down RIGHT? Helas, most of the pages you find are quite boring. The story is ok, not horribly intricate but enough to make me play till the end to see what would happen. As I am not easily impressed by storylines I assume many people will think it is (and I quote) ""awesome"". The graphics are pretty decent. I enjoyed them but after seeing them again and again they did loose a bit of their splendor. The devs are quite fond of caves. At times it reminded me of the Fallout 3 metro tunnels. Quite exciting at first, but BUT damn there are a lot of them.Should I mention the UI? I probably shouldn't. It feels really consoly. Creating/combing items is a bit awkward. Inventory management if I can call it that is the same. Could've been optimized for PC. Then again, there's not a lot to build/combine so this won't bug you as much as you might think (the fact that there's not a lot to build might).But Elmo, you are the grumpy grump. Didn't you hate anything about this game?Well yes I did, how nice of you to ask! First of all, you are very, very slow in this game. This does NOT bode well for the human race. Second. The teleporter, oh the teleporter. What intern programmed that feature? In a glass half full scenario: you will get pretty good at making trick shots because the normal trajectory is so horrible.So all in all, a pretty decent walking sim. If you're not planning to get into every nook and cranny you might want to pick it up at a discount.Elmo, the grumpy lootmaster signing offps. did I mention getting stuck between pillars of basalt?"
,Recommended,313630,26279464,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ensoph42,"I play this in with a Rift. It's just amazing standing on an alien planet, like something I dreamed about as a kid and this is as close as I'll get."
76561198087704782,Recommended,313630,31123103,Posted: 13 April,all,PeachyWade,"i thought it was ok for the money,played a lot worse games that were the same money, and they sucked and were a lot shorter."
,Recommended,313630,29440993,Posted: 23 January,all,Juggernaut,Beautiful game. But the story is not that good. Surviving and exploring is pretty fun.
,Recommended,313630,29551747,Posted: 28 January,all,Kirlas2,Screw this game and screw its ending.......8/10 would recommend
,Recommended,313630,29977442,Posted: 16 February,all,Loanfish,"The Wind Chill ProjectThe puzzles and exploration are fun, I guess, but the real fun comes from succumbing to exposure and starvation.8/10"
76561198144330896,Recommended,313630,28518661,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,darknight623,great game keep up the work
76561197989331769,Recommended,313630,29507619,Posted: 26 January,all,Fizher92,Loved it!
76561198204337184,Recommended,313630,29526953,Posted: 27 January,all,Steel,You don't need vr to enjoy this game. I bought it on sale but the full price is well worth it if you like exploration on an alien world.
76561198031085339,Recommended,313630,29584612,Posted: 30 January,all,Wienzu,Game is great. Absolutly worth it.Takes around 20-30h of gameplay.
76561198129960013,Recommended,313630,29953093,Posted: 15 February,all,MrNutter,Very creepy and awesome game!
76561197996079997,Recommended,313630,28526042,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Troglobyte0,"It is NOT a survival game like Alien: Isolation or something like that. There is nothing to shoot at or kill. I enjoyed the environmental elements and it was not difficult to stay alive, which gave you more time to absorb the story. It is not a game you have to hurry through but can enjoy exploring at a leasurely pace as long as you know where resources are. There were some really interesting parts. I would give it a solid 3.5 outta 5. Make it 4.0 if you like games like this. Good world exploration game. Fun."
76561198285442826,Recommended,313630,28763257,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tad,Love this open world game play
76561198256596364,Recommended,313630,28801542,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NARCO,like it
76561198010557934,Recommended,313630,29814262,Posted: 9 February,all,chosenxeno,"VR Review. This game is excellent so far. I'm not oing to do a long review. Basically, if you liked the Immersion Level Starseed provided this Game will give you A LOT more of that.Embarrassing moment: I actually said"" Oh my god I'm Lara Croft"". (I'm a dude lol)That's^ how immersive it is. This isn't an action packed romp. It's a Sci-fi narrative with heavy exploration, survival elements and the level of immersion we all sought when  we decided to by VR Headsets.8/10 so farIt loses a few points because I use locomotion controls and trying to place things is difficult. Also the physics are too wonky. I was trying to place brush in a circle of rocks and it was bouncing lolLast thing. I wouldn't even touch this kind of game before VR but in VR they are so much better. That feeling of being there just adds so much to these style of games."
,Recommended,313630,32075864,Posted: 30 May,all,illenium,One of my favorite games. its very fun and it takes a long time to complete. amazing twists and mysteries. not for everyone single player only. very good game.
,Recommended,313630,33830231,Posted: 27 July,all,Robotboi,really nice
76561198025968859,Recommended,313630,34366407,Posted: 19 August,all,TheDemonSlayer,"Ok so after playing this game I can tell you this.Visually the game looks amazing, Natural weather disasters and comet crashes to exploring caves and finding some pretty scary stuff.Story line is not bad however the ending to the game felt a little... rushed. Basically left me saying wtf? But all in all the game is pretty good.I will admit, standing still, pushing no buttons and somehow moving left is a little sketchy but the game is awesome, definitely worth a buy, if you're feeling adventurous.All in all this game is definitely fantastic for a unreal 4 engine game!"
76561198035685735,Recommended,313630,34668735,Posted: 1 September,all,*MiM*,most excellant game!  What other game is like this one??
76561198141429169,Recommended,313630,26323907,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,deathskull45,i love this game but i hate the ending.
76561197972025376,Recommended,313630,34801148,Posted: 7 September,all,justintd,"HTC Vive review: This is worth buying and playing in VR. It gives you at least 12 hours of playtime. The graphics, sound, and atmosphere are very nice. It's mostly easy to control too. I often had trouble getting the inventory wheel to appear. I found that I'd have to face in particular directions to get it to appear for some reason. If there were things in front of me, it tended to not want to show up. The only other issue was that I got pretty consistent brief graphics stutters every 10 or so seconds, especially if I was outdoors. Even with all of the graphics settings low, it was doing that, and I have a 1080 Ti. It didn't keep me from wanting to play it though."
,Recommended,313630,21505466,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MrZorki,"The Solus Project is a beautiful looking game with survival and exploration at its heart. I enjoyed the whole experience of this game and the back story is right up my alley, with references to prometheus and other scifi. There was always underlying tension as i explored because you have to be aware of the condition of the character and whats happening with the weather on this weird planet, the music and audio in the game is brilliant and really immerses you into the experience. With the back story and the feeling throughout the game a really solitary experience is played out. I would recommend this game for anyone who enjoys survival games and exploration."
,Recommended,313630,26215145,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Callak Skytower,"Wow.  This game provides a bit more of what I had hoped ""No Man's Sky"" would provide.  Some real unique alien planetary exploration.  For some reason, I thought this game was considered a sequal to ""The Ball"", but you won't miss anything if you don't play ""The Ball"" and it's really a completely different type of a game.  ""The Ball"" being a entirely ball based purely puzzle game, and ""The Solus Project"" much more of an epic adventure survival game.""The Solus Project"" comes with three difficulty levels.  ""Casual"" - more for explorers that want to experience the story, but don't want to micromanage for survival.  ""Normal"" - this is what I'm playing.  You have to survive in adverse conditions, things like heat, cold, food, water and wetness all affect your heatlh.  You also have a visual hud that guides you through your most inportant taskes.  And ""Hardcore"" which is like ""Normal"" but you don't get hud icons and hints for what to do next.  I have seen it mentioned on the forums that real survival enthusiests tend to think ""Normal"" is too easy, and ""Hardcore"" is much more enjoyable.  Me...   I like survival, and I like not getting frusterated because I want to get to the next part of the story, as well as see much of the world... so I think ""Normal"" is about right for me."
76561198025253702,Recommended,313630,22019872,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,edmundos,This game is amazing. The fact that it is still in early access but looks so polished and plays so well is really really encouraging. Why can't all developers be like this?I thoroughly recommend this game.Get it. Get it now.
,Recommended,313630,21975283,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,wasptube1,"I have had great fun play this game, Its an all round great story game. Don't believe me take a look at my YouTube video of the stream I did after I brought it -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDtZgb9Iz8U"
,Recommended,313630,21742685,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,A Glowing Thing,Surprisingly good game if you like an exploration game where everything is atmosphere and story based. Although its not under the genre it should be considered a mystery game as well.This is a very good exploration game where you alone are exploring this alien planets surface. Most of the gameplay involves the environment of the levels itself. When it comes to level design and feel this game is unique and i can't think of anything similar to it. The environments design is absolutely cool with full day and night cycles with dynamic weather(plus tornados). The surface of the planet does have an alien feel and what you find on the planet is definantly interesting and engaging. The levels span from beautiful all the way to eerie. The detail put into the alien appearance of the surface and structures is amazing especially when it comes to the alien technology that you will come across.As you explore you find mysterious pieces of a civilization whos history you piece together through writings and pictures. This story requires you to manually put the words and pictures together to get things to make sense. It pretty much is like learning of ancient civilizations on earth through the artifacts we've uncovered. This method is of story telling is not used often so you'll be in for a treat with this one.This is a casual game that is definantly worth a try. Unless you need continious action because it is very lonely on this planet.
,Recommended,313630,26275079,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Death&Taxes,Fun once you get going make sure to read all the notes
76561197970065788,Recommended,313630,23475492,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,c3po,Fantastic exploration game. The sounds and the surronding are greate.I'ts a recommended buy. :)
76561197998986163,Recommended,313630,24062915,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,miretz,"I love this game! It is the best PvE survival and exploration game I have ever played.Whether it's the exploration of the deep underground caves and tombs or the survival in the inhospitable weather conditions outside, it kept me glued to the screen for a very long time.The atmosphere and graphics are amazing.Can't wait to play this in VR :)"
,Recommended,313630,23478043,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Y23Y,"I will admit, I had a lot of trouble with some ofthe puzzles. There was nothing to explain them enough to solve or to even start solving. I had to look up what to do after about an hour on those puzzles.But, the game has one hell of a story line. I haven't even finished it yet. I love this game."
76561198022462713,Recommended,313630,23449954,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Spike,"Don't be put off by bad reviews! You'll miss out on one of the best VR supporting games so far.The controls are still a work in progress, and will be improving. You can choose to teleport by two different methods or walk directly. If you want to teleport only, you can select move speed 0% at the menu screen to avoid accidentally walking.The actual game is well worth the asking price once you've learned the controls. It's an amazing experience that will last many hours. You can play on easy to avoid the survival mechanics and just explore, or crank up the difficulty and constantly be watching the weather with your mind on how far from shelter you are."
,Recommended,313630,28858499,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kalimah,VR at its finest. Everything about it is beautiful.
76561198035346714,Recommended,313630,31169010,Posted: 15 April,all,MrTorque777,"Awesome graphics. But, unsatisfactory ending. Good game though!"
76561198014880012,Recommended,313630,30512984,Posted: 14 March,all,simon.parnell,*Why VR support when that is a dead end and the rest of the game is unfinished - I would not have supported the game if I had know this was the intended direction*It appears I made the mistake of commenting months after I first played when the game - which I had found empty and not particularly interesting - was unfinished.I'll give it another go and eat some humble pie and apologise for reviewing from too long ago
76561197970540567,Recommended,313630,31201281,Posted: 17 April,all,cybrdmn,"Beautiful VR game. I just started getting into it, and loving it so far. I dream about it at night and look forward to getting back to the game each day.  Plays great with an i7 6700 and GTX 1080."
,Recommended,313630,23799893,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dead bard,"This game is gorgeous in VR, unfortunately my GPU is below recommended specs and I judder in open environments.Inventory cycling is a bit wonky but other than that the game looks promising, can't wait to upgrade my GPU so I can play it properly!"
76561198075566485,Recommended,313630,23011928,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ARK ENCHANTED,This game is amazing fun. Its kind of has a feel of a modern Myst crossed with Lost feel to me. It is fun to run around an explore and find stuff.
,Recommended,313630,23461986,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Jason,"If you ever wanted to feel like your own an alien world, then this game is for you. Kudos to the developers for imporving the experience for the HTC Vive. Excellent graphics. Verry immersive game."
,Recommended,313630,23512656,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Moosedodger,"I had played the first few parts of this game on a monitor before knowing I would even be buying a Vive. I really like the game then. Now that you've added VR support and I've had a chance to play this game on the Vive I have to say that makes it outstanding!This game is in a unique position as it is a full - complete game!  In a world of early access and tons of people rushing to bring a product to market, this game is a clear winner for anyone looking for a full VR game to play.Super job devs with the quick adaption of VR support.  With all of your great game design experience and now adding VR, I hope you make another game with VR from the ground up - it could only be amazing.My only suggestion for this game is that there are some areas which are hard to spot in VR that were easier to see with a monitor, I'm thinking of a low cave entrance for example.The last thing I wanted to add -there are some things in this game that playing on a monitor were clearly a problem but now - in VR - have their creepy scary factor upped quite a bit. I like it!"
76561198135570342,Recommended,313630,23935867,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rice ご飯,Its Amazing
76561198279009503,Recommended,313630,23444664,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SenorCorey,"Absolutley love this game! Bought this game when it was EA and every month I couldn't wait untill the next 1 hour expansion update came out. Every aspect of this game makes me want to throw all of my money at the developers. This game is entensley emmersive, has stunning graphics, amazing creativity from the devs love your views of an alien planet, deep lore behind the planet you explore take time to read, the gadgets and weather anomalys are amazing as well. 10/10 recomned this game. And for the price!! Amazing !!"
76561198036962689,Recommended,313630,23467881,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Papa,Amazing experience for the HTC Vive.  Probably one of the best titles graphically available for the platform.
,Recommended,313630,23406841,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,swag69,The Solus Project is a very beautiful game. It has a great plot and it's as challenging as you create it. I would recommend.
76561197969362928,Recommended,313630,23403164,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,acegamer,Wow.  That's all I can say for what I've experienced in this game with the Vive.  The environment is incredibly immersive and really gives you a sense of being on another planet.  It is just amazing.  There is one particular weather event that really gave me a true sense of helplessness the first time it happened.I've only played for 5 hours so far so the story line is still unfolding but it really has nailed the core aspects of exploring a new planet while having to survive on what you can find.You especially owe it to yourself to experience this if you have a Vive.Update: Just wanted to give a little update after spending a lot more time with the game and using the lastest updated version tonight.  The game in its current state is one of the best games on the Vive.  It really is an incrediby powerful experience because of how well designed the alien environment is.  Now with the latest update the game is much easier to play and lose yourself in because there aren't any awkward control or gameplay issues to get in the way.   I really can't recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,313630,23464070,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,graywastaken,why the ♥♥♥♥ doesnt this game have a horror tag im over here ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants at some♥♥♥♥♥♥thats been behind me or chasing me dont get me wrong this game is great but damn.
,Recommended,313630,23486840,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Gnugfuriuz,"Only thing i have to say is ""WoW"". What a journey!"
76561197971757509,Not Recommended,313630,26117118,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,tomd8,"I really LOVE this game BUT the load mechanics are ♥♥♥♥ed. After playing for a while. when I return the next day, it will either NOT load my last save OR not load at all! This kept happening until I decide it was a waste of my time. Such a shame."
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,313630,31876806,Posted: 21 May,all,Devorlast,"The game seems pretty cool, story is not the most original ever but I have seen worse. The problem is that every time I reach second level (a costal cave by the crash site) the game ""looses"" my inventory... I tried starting over four times with different save slots etc and each time the same bug takes away all of my items making the game unplayable. I asked for a refund but it has been over a month since I bought the game innitially so I might not get it. Pretty dissapointed overall, the game did start off pretty well after all."
76561198069174899,Recommended,313630,23464946,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,thomas.husfeldt,Finally what seems to be a real game for VR.Judged from a few hours play I find it very complete and very beautiful.A must have if you have HTC vive...It is an exploration survaval game though not an action fast paced thing.
76561198071706844,Not Recommended,313630,24605413,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,mmg,"This would be a case for a mixed review, but since steam doesn't allow mixed I just can't quite recommend.There is quite a bit of interest in exploring this planet. The graphics are pretty good, the planet is errie and a lot of fun to explore at first.Unfortunately, the game eventually runs of how interesting things to have you do. Survival elements are pretty light and don't give much in the way of gameplay, there's a few nice puzzles and creepy moments, but for every good moment there is yet another ""find the next key"" moment.In the end the Solus project is a beautiful and intriguing but fairly shallow game, where you spend way too much time just wandering aimlessly looking for the next key hidden somewhere so that you can eventually make progress"
76561198279496854,Not Recommended,313630,25717265,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,xaltotun8,"This game didn't live up to my expectations. I expected a lot of exploration on another planet, maybe some unusual plot twists. Unfortunately while I really had to walk a lot on this planet all the exploration seemed too simplistic. A shrine here, 2 idols there. And why do I have to spend so much time in the dark caverns? It is dark, damp and unpleasant in the caverns. This game is a little too psychological for my taste. If you are looking for exploration and don't want to explore dark caverns for hours this game is not for you. But if you like psychological games with some pressure and a dark atmosphere you can try this game."
76561198052642429,Recommended,313630,21579847,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Turnip_Head,"love it!!!  great visuals and storyline so far is amazing,"
,Recommended,313630,22406298,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,RealBercik ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"The atmosphere in this game is just superb... You know you are alone, but you're always checking around just in case. The audio is amazing greatly increasing the feeling of presence.The weather will surprise you at the worst of times too. Overall the game is shaping up nicely with frequent updates and a well engaged developer. My only criticism so far is that the game feels quite linear at this moment, but it’s still in early access and I am keen to see how it develops.It’s great fun until you accidentally fall off a ladder XD so far 8/10! 	(14/04/16)"
,Recommended,313630,21514919,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Volie,"Seems pretty good, but i took my time exploring and i am done with the first part of the game. Can't wait for the next episode!"
,Recommended,313630,21556448,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DeathWillDie,"Before you buy this game note that it stops partway through the story on a cliffhanger. The devs are planning to release the next section in March.That being said, BUY THIS GAME. It has a very interesting and compelling story that actually make you WANT to explore the dangerous areas and look for each individual lore piece. On top of the graphics are excellent for an idie game."
76561197970324138,Recommended,313630,21508819,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,k_trout,"wonderful game, compelling sci fi atomspherefelt like robinson crusoe on mars without the monkey"
,Recommended,313630,21438846,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Getz2oo3,"I just want to say - - I'm not the biggest survival game fan - -   But when I watched a ""Let's Play"" of this - I was seriously intrigued - - I only watched about 10 minutes of it - -  basically up til the guy finished talking his head off and built his first torch.    So I decided to pull the trigger and check it out for myself.   I'm seriously glad I did.   This game has a uniqueness to it that really resonates with me.  It's a puzzle game, exploration game, survival game, but it's wrapped into a neat little package that doesn't feel forced or over-developed.It's very much a game that tells it's story through the environment.  Through discovering remnants of your crashed ship to reading diary's and heiroglyphs left behind by the alien civilzation.  None of this is particularly original, but the way it's handled is very well done I think, and the writing seems pretty well.   I can tell there are some very particular characters being developed behind the scenes and I can't wait to learn more.   I can't wait to uncover the secrets this world holds and why oh why some giant green ball of energy blew up my ship.It doesn't really feel so much like a survival game as it does an adventure game.  With a sincere focus and direction and an obvious goal.   You aren't just dropped onto a planet naked and left to your devices.  There is a mystery to be uncovered, there are diary's to be found, heiroglyphs to be read, other trapping more inherent with a game like Gone Home or Myst.  The survival aspect I feel just adds to the challenge of solving the puzzles and uncovering the mystery.  The crafting mechanic that's seamlessly implemented into the survival system is very concise and isn't jumbled up with a bunch of silly recipes and experience point curves.  You aren't left fiddling with menu's or having to wait things to happen.  It just works, and it's simple and it's right in front of you.This is a game I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys adventure games.  It's got beautiful world and what looks to be a beautiful mystery just waiting to be solved.  And I can't wait to solve it.   If you're looking for something fresh to play and don't mind Early Access - give this one a shot.   I'm sure you will be as impressed as I am.   Stellar game and it's future is looking very bright.And by the way - - Be mindful of of the weather.   Meteor Showers and Tornados will definitely ruin your day."
,Recommended,313630,21355713,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ulithium_Dragon,"[VR Review]I got a Vive VR headset, and this was the first game I wanted to try it on. Anyways, first impressions were very good - the VR experience is very amazing. The controls took a bit of getting used to (although keep in mind that this could just be because I'm new to VR).My current graphics card is an AMD Fury, but even with that I had to lower the settings to around medium quality overall to stop the framerate tearing I was seeing. The calibration and aiming controls for interacting with the environment work well, and I ran into no problems with those.The only major issue I had was that I could not figure out how to open the inventory. All the other buttons worked correctly (i.e. interacting, movement, jumping, etc.), but no matter what I tried the inventory button wouldn't work. I may have been using it wrong I suppose, but I doubt it, as I'm already very farmiliar with the gameplay of The Solus Project. The radial menu for inventory opens correctly for crafting and interacting with other objects, too.But besides that one issue, it's a truely excelent VR experience!-------------------------------------------<ORIGINAL NON-VR REVIEW>[The review was getting so many edits to it, and was getting really messy, so I'm doing a complete rewrite...]First impressions were a bit clunky - it took me a while to get used to some of the controls and elements of the game, but I started having fun after that with a lot of the puzzles. The game reminds me the most of ""Myst/Riven"", and the puzzles are somewhat challegning. That being said, the ""challenege"" of the puzzels is mostly the challenge of finding the next switch far too often lol...In any case, if you are looking for an atmospheric puzzle game with a deep intriguing story, I high heartily recommend this game. It is a lot buggier than any other ""Early Access"" game I've played, though.Some of the biggest annoyances for me are that you get ONE save slot (which can be TERRIBLY gamebreaking for any number of reasons when a save occurs at a TERRIBLE time), and there is no real way to completely turn off the ""survival"" elements of the game for people (like me) who would much rather just ""explore"" without having to manage an absurd amount of ""survival"" elements...Additionally, the falling damage is ABSURDLY unfair and broken - your legs must be made of chewed up toothpicks, because a 3 foot fall causes falling damage ffs, and it scales in damage EXPONENTIALLY fast, so that anything above 15 feet or so just plain up MURDERS you.THANK GOD that the collision detetction is ETREMELY sound, so at least I'm not dying because I slid down a slope all the time like some other games I could mention! n.nUOn the plus side, it's SO REFRESHING to see a game that DOESN'T use ""invisible walls"" all over the place (the ONLY time I ever ran into one was when I tried to swim very far out into the ocean, and I guess that's fair - it's hard to come up with any other way to add a barrier in that situation).Also, the game runs flawlessly in ""Fullscreen Mode"" - it just freezes up and lags like mad in ""Windowed Mode"".So I DEFINATLY recommend you try this game! I've been wanting a fun and challenging puzzle game for a long time (one that DOENS'T include tons of ""horror"" elements, whcih all the morte recent ones usually have, sadly...)."
76561198243964596,Recommended,313630,21377776,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BigBoatYachty,A very beautiful game. No zombies and so much to discover. One of my favorites for sure.
,Recommended,313630,21397414,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mafiakillersquad,"I was exploring a cave, I was freezing to death, I found a save point. I saved, I died 2 seconds later. Would save again 10/10"
,Recommended,313630,22950207,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Das_masterful,"One of the few games I bought during the early access period. For a relatively unknown (to me) developer, the game was a really good surprise.The gameplay is great, full of atmosphere and some great mechanics. If you plan your moves, you'll do really well."
,Recommended,313630,26249181,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,YoSpaceApe,"Awesome game, I was waiting for a game like this so long. another Earth, only very mysterious. One of the best games i´ve ever played. Totally woth it, although I wouldn´t play the campaing twice so... Don´t expect this to be a game that your gonna play a lot"
76561198054633676,Recommended,313630,22168019,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jaysetsfire,"Well , only played ~2h, it's EA - but so far, it's simply breathtaking."
,Recommended,313630,21445981,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Clithulhu,"I like the concept of the game alot.The exploring is fun and the cave systems are well designed, and the area keeps me interested in finding out what is going on on that planet.But there are also things i DONT like for example,I need water. ALOT of water, i mean come on i need more water then there is in the sea there, it is just too much.If you get too cold you can ONLY warm up again if you are dry. I got hypothermia and jumped into a JET ENGINE to warm me up, I still died of hypothermia.The falling damage is just too much. If i jump down from like 2 meters i get quite the amount of damage from it.These things bug me while playing the game, but overall it is an interesting game and i enjoy playing it.Exept for the dying part.  I hate that (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,313630,21473025,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,just2jiG,More then likely going to be your kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198139373101,Recommended,313630,21784074,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rohit Tulsyan,I am playing this game now for more than 3 hrs and i must say ita s must buy.The main aim is to survive on the so called lonely planet and you to communicate with your crew.I liked this game very much and if you want to see gameplays check out my gameplay videos below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCvNiZfYQ7whttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHtFTmsPNl4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1KcGdjpp7khttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZEkMfXU-ZUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nO5Dy1G5PA
,Recommended,313630,21812659,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Crazy Koala,A great game experience ! a must !
,Recommended,313630,22254658,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hadis,"Haven't played much yet, but have enjoyed even the small amount that I have spent playing this game. And like every early access game based on Unreal Engine 4, this one will also have some performance issues but nothing game-breaking."
,Recommended,313630,21811756,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dat Boi,"Caught me surprisingly off guard, wanted a nice little explorer and thats what i got, plus some good survival if you want it. Story is intruiging, and they pull off a good atmoshphere. Look out for the spiky plants tho."
76561198007663788,Recommended,313630,21440058,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Potent Potables,"Its sci-fi, Ancient history, adventure, crafting and survival wrapped up in a beautiful world with an intriguing story and even in early access its entertaining with most glitches worked out, cant wait for more."
,Recommended,313630,21332159,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Libertygeek,So far really enjoying it.  A nice mixture of exploration and survival.
76561198059981878,Recommended,313630,21325746,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,o-(-< George Mcfly,"My experience so far in The Solus Project:Day 1:- Swim through some water to get to land- Get Cold- Die of hypothermia- RestartDay 1:- Manage to survive long enough to find some resources- Go to sleep- Die of starvation in sleep- RestartDay 1:- Find some more resources again- Find a nice cave to spend the freezing night in by the side of the water- Eat lots of food, drink lots of water before bed- Go to sleep- Tide came in during sleep. Froze to death and drowned10/10 would die again"
,Not Recommended,313630,29103950,Posted: 7 January,all,Kryyss,"Goldfish. Yup, you're reading that right. Goldfish. Apparently, they have memories which only last a matter of seconds. How someone figured that out I have no idea. Perhaps someone taught the fish morse-code or two-bubbles for 'yes' and one for 'no' but anyway. They're lucky really. You stick them into a bowl around a foot wide, put in some rocks and a castle and they'll find it endlessly exciting. ""Ooh, rocks! Never seen that before!."" ""Ooh a castle! Never seen that before!"" ""Ohh rocks! never seen that before!"" Repeat ad infinitum.Goldfish would love Solus Project. If they had fingers... and could remember the controls long enough to use them.At first Solus Project appears to have it all. Great atmosphere, interesting scenery, a mysterious planet and spectacular environmental effects which vary from tidal patterns and dynamic weather to tornados and meteor showers. It's a walking simulator with some survival elements thrown in to keep things interesting... or at least, it attempts to. Just for a moment, go look at the screenshots. Now understand that what you see there is what you'll be looking at for the rest of the game. The first island looks like the second, the caves look the same, the alien ruins look the same. It's that goldfish in the bowl but you don't have the ability to forget that what you see 10hrs into the game is largely the same as what you saw in the first hour.When you look at the game, you may think that this is an open world. It isn't, it's a linear environment that ironically loops back upon itself. So not only is it repetitive, it also makes the player retread through areas they already visited. The level design of the game itself also has a number of issues. The translocator teleportation device is intended to allow you to traverse the landscape more easily but handles really poorly. It's like throwing a metal cooking tray with all of the dead weight you would expect but then, almost paradoxically, it bounces off of surfaces like it was made of rubber. Worse still is the fact that it can come to a stop on an angled surface that is actually too steep for the player to stand on, so when you teleport to it you slide down. There are also numerous instances where the translocator will allow you to teleport into a space where you are trapped. This frequently happens with the pentagon shaped pillars you see the developers have reused again and again throughout the environments. When trapped by the world geometry in this way your only option is to quit out and load up your last save game. As you can imagine, this deters a player from exploring which works contrary to the point of the game.As the developers themselves have said, it is the players fault if they get themselves into 'bad spots' and not their responsibility to build the world to prevent these problems as any attempt to do so would be ""even more immersion breaking"". So no doubt there are many more ways for the player to get stuck, break progression by going off the intended route or get trapped in world geometry throughout the game because the devs feel that it is better for players to get stuck and have to reload their last save point or use the command console to fix the problem than to fix issues with the game.It also appears that the world is also ""quite similar visually by design"" which they feel excuses why it feels repetitive.All in all, Solus Project is far from worth picking up even on sale. A lot of effort has gone into the games atmosphere but there just isn't anything to make it interesting to play after the first couple of hours. Hunting around for secret caves and bonuses which give 1% to a stat is also really poor design as the reward does not justify trudging around the intentionally repetative environments shining your torch into every dark corner to see if there is something tucked away off the clearly established route to the next area,I really wanted to enjoy the Solus Project - but saddly I'd need to be a goldish to do that.(edit - updated middle of review to reflect the fact that the devs did not intend to create platforming sections although they exist and that Wrenchse (a developer) has stated that the problems with level design ""might mean that people get themselves into bad spots"" but that ""we do think that is more preferable than having invisible boxes blocking stuff off"".)"
,Recommended,313630,22934090,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dexilez,Amazing story and atmosphere. Totally worth it!also sea urchins are scary as ♥♥♥♥ 11/10Full Release Edit:Ending is a little bit disappointing but still great game.
76561197976063774,Recommended,313630,24134032,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Raitangle,"Playing on the HTC Vive, this is the most enchanting and atmospheric experience I have had in VR to date. It is also the first long form game I have played on the Vive.The Solus Project has made me even more excited about the greater depth of games that will come to VR over time. To be able to play and explore for hours with a developing storyline uses virtual realities ability to enhance the emotional involvement of the user within games and shows how good development can lead to a very powerful gaming experience.Extremely enjoyable in VR, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,313630,25154541,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nasty D,Gr8 game
76561198106419043,Recommended,313630,23476057,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,abnormis,"Most awesome. Feels like playing Unreal, Riven, Alien and Tomb Raider at the same time. Playing time exceeds 20 hours IMHO. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,313630,22982307,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dogers,"Seriously pretty, seriously spooky, quite easy to die - A+! :)"
76561197962810553,Recommended,313630,23606273,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Infraggable Krunk,"I'm impressed with the Vive implimentation so far.  Knowing that there is more development to come makes this game a easy buy.  I'm happy they put the effort into teleport movement, but I LOVE the walking style movenet in VIVE.  This game gave me my first ""OMG, I might die"".  Not, ""OMG, I might need to reload.""   A very WOW monet."
,Recommended,313630,23458931,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,D@weCZ,"This is the best game up to now (June) available for Vive. It is not just a minigame, its full adventure with nice graphics and story lasting for hours and I havent finished it yet. I will remember the part Caves probably forever. The most emotive experience in VR I have encoutered."
76561198120782632,Recommended,313630,23533468,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,fishman,"this game is so amazing.... ther graphics are next level  the detail is so impressive!the game is very intresting u can craft things and the game is super realistic  like if u run or jump u will loose ur water faster ther is some days thet are very hot and u need alot of water nights are cold u acctually need to break food cans to eat them like... i have no words but ceep in mind thet i have a gtx760 and i can run the graphics on medium if u have gtx560 u can still run the game on low but u will need more memoryso:graphicsno doubt thet ther are next level or gen whatever u want to call it i realy want to put them on high but i cant they are just to good):gamplay:very realistic,enjoyable and u can craft and explor new things but not in a minecraft lookso:im very surprised thet this game cost only 20$ if i could i will defenetly donate 100$ happily cuz of the low cost u should realy buy this game"
76561198053243606,Recommended,313630,22968440,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,UberSloth,"Pt 1, Wow! Brilliant game! Gone as far as I can go so far and it is just a fantastic all round game. The work that has gone into this game is awesome and credit to the devs. I highly recommend this to any puzzle/adventure/sci-fi fan. Can't wait for the final episode. Try this game now-......./Pt 2  Just finished it. Loved every minute of it. One of the few games where I was sad to reach the end. Now make part 2 PLEASE!."
76561197993461762,Recommended,313630,23476937,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Alatain,This game has good potential as a VR game. The devs seem responsive and actively try to improve the isses that are present. It is a pretty survival game on another planet. What more could you ask for in VR?
,Recommended,313630,23513132,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DıģıţãŁ|Ĉ| Solid,"Great game. Visually stunning and great sound quality. The game takes an hour or so to really get going. It feels like a basic ""survival"" game at first. Once you begin to explore more, you'll start to unravel a bizarre sci-fi mystery and it plays more like a walking sim. I personally found myself driven to uncover the mystery behind the planet you crash land on. As the game progresses, there's more and more of a feeling of dread surrounding your discoveries, which really create a great and sometimes terrifying feeling around every corner."
,Recommended,313630,22897457,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lethe,I liked this game so much that I bought it when i reached the end of episode 1. Do recommend.
,Recommended,313630,24246799,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TransparentNinja,Really great game. The exploration is addicting.
,Recommended,313630,25418125,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cyborg skinhub.com,Bought with NMS refund
76561198200445429,Recommended,313630,26285633,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,snee.scampers,"40% discount and easily the best thing i used my vive on so far.had goosebumps exploring the first big cave system i was almost afraid as i held my glowstick out in front in an effort to see, fell in some water died alone in the dark...recomended VR experience would get hypothermia again."
,Recommended,313630,26376160,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Timhok,ayyy lmao
,Not Recommended,313630,26524655,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shubert,"This is a Virtual Reality review of the game using the HTC Vive.I usually really enjoy Survivor/Crafting type games but playing Solus felt more like a chore than anything. Finding food and water is actually incredibly easy, so the only real problem comes down to monitoring your temperature (I was hypothermic for hours after swimming in frozen water but there's so many medpacs around that I was never worried about dying) inventory management and avoiding bad weather. Also light sources are important for exploring caves and things, but it's easy to run out and get stuck in a dark cave, forcing you to blindly teleport yourself out. Some of the weather effects are really cool and scary (tornados, meteor showers, etc.) but walking around the huge environement in VR is absolutely not fun at all. It takes way too much time no matter what type of movement you're using.After an hour or so, I decided I would keep playing as I'd already payed the money and wanted to see where the story was going. However, around the 3 hour mark I've encounted some type of bug or issue where it's not showing me the next obective and I've become totally stuck and unable to progress. I could restart the game but I have absolutely no desire to do so. I would refund it but I've already played it too long.I tried playing the game in non-VR just on a regular monitor with mouse and keyboard, and the game seemed a lot more playable, but still somewhat mediocre (and ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my decently high end PC).It's too bad because I really wanted to love this game and certain aspects of it are good, but overall it's fairly mediocre and doesn't feel at all like a game that was built with VR in mind."
,Recommended,313630,26140740,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,GrungePunk,"One of my favorite Rift games so far. So creepy. Made me scream and almost fall out of my seat at one point. Looking forward to seeing how this game will handle with the new Oculus Touch controllers in December. Having the PDA in your face all the time gets old but I was able to look past it quite literally. My only real complaint so far with the game is the stupid white dot floating infront of my face telling me what I'm looking at. It breaks immersion and it should have a toggle in the options which for the life of me I cannot find. I also hate to think of what the white dot constantly in the same spot on my headset is doing to the Rift screen as I play. Feels like it would be burning a big white dot into the display.Overall though one of the most ambitious, atmospheric, and breathtaking VR games to date. Totally worth 20 bucks especially because I'm sure they'll continue to improve the VR support."
,Recommended,313630,30688264,Posted: 23 March,all,ArcticEcho,"A great game with nice visuals and an engaging story. The survival factor isn't particularly hard, it adds a nice dimension imo."
,Recommended,313630,28606963,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,therussianlicker,i like it
76561198109984723,Recommended,313630,31327820,Posted: 23 April,all,rogue1,Pros:WilsoN!!!!!!!!111111111111Getting completely freaked out by my own footsteps.Tornado kills me.Sound effects =♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myselfCons:see above......................I scare easy so ♥♥♥♥ knows how I got through this game
76561197967112497,Recommended,313630,34337085,Posted: 18 August,all,Blaedmon,"Excellent game. Adventure and intrigue. There are a handful of people having a hard time with surviving and wobbling their bottom lip over how hard it is. These people are what we call morons. You're on a desolate planet which firstly has signs of past civilisations and secondly has an overbearing alien race asking for your help. Intriguing. Explore, live, understand, spookytime.Very well done story telling. Heaps to find and many achievements for the insane people out there.Heartily recommended and awaiting a sequel :P"
76561198000829149,Recommended,313630,32791265,Posted: 25 June,all,XAINNIAX,Very polished survival game. One of the best I've played in VR so far.
,Recommended,313630,34538774,Posted: 27 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This is a big coold game in VR, and although I prefer teleport movement in games this game just feels to big for it.  Getting from place to place just takes a lot of clicking around.  I'll be playing more in the future as I love the world and the polish, but it is not high on my list of priorities.  This is a positive review though."
,Not Recommended,313630,32733857,Posted: 24 June,all,Neil,"Not impressed.You're lured in by the setup and fantastic images of a sci-fi environment, an alien planet. But it quickly becomaes a dungeon crawl, with linear paths and old-fashioned puzzles.The Long Dark is a much superior survival game if that's what you're looking for."
76561198089479274,Recommended,313630,34752517,Posted: 5 September,all,bonehall,this game in v r wow oustanding
,Recommended,313630,34874250,Posted: 10 September,all,...,Bruh this♥♥♥♥♥♥is spooky at times and the puzzels are a pain at times but the graphics are pretty good and there is a story with depth and detail. Haven't played in VR yet but I'm sure it's great. I would say it's worth checking out.
76561197977333084,Recommended,313630,34893650,Posted: 11 September,all,billyfighter,Beautiful game and some of the most intense gameplay experiences I've had in a long time.
76561198012036916,Recommended,313630,32184017,Posted: 4 June,all,TC_Deville,"I don't write reviews for most of my games but I thought this game deserved one (in a good way).  I played the entire game on an HTC Vive so I'm writing this as a review of this game as a VR game.I'll start with the not so good which is a pretty short list:Cons:- There are a few places where saving the game is completely bugged as in you load into a completely blank screen and have to review to an autosave.  It seems to be only specific parts of the game so its avoidable if you just play through those areas.- The motion controller tracking does bug out sometimes but it wasn't game breaking and you can play through it.- There were a few areas where a lot of moving parts were on the screen and the game went from running smooth to running pretty choppy (GTX 1070 video card).Pros:- It took me 18 hours to finish the game and that was going straight through it and not doing a lot of exploring for secrets (which there are quite a few). As far as VR games that have a start and a finish go (i.e. not wave shooters, procedurally generated, etc..) this puts the entertainment per dollar value quite high versus other VR games currently available.- This game was a great candidate to add VR support to. The game itself is quite intense and putting it into VR makes it much more so. There were some play sessions that left me emotionally drained.- It looks really damn good.- I thought level of presence was pretty high for most portions of the game.So to summarize, it's not a perfect game but I would recommend it as a buy as a non-VR game. As a VR game I would give it a strong buy recommendation."
76561197984248508,Recommended,313630,33408530,Posted: 9 July,all,crunchg111,"I got this game based on the fact that it is in the realm of Call of the Starseed which before this game was the only game in a long time I had to play non-stop. This game is around 6x longer than that one and is worth the price.The atmosphere alone is worth playing this game(VR) meteor showers, tornados, lighning, all super cool to see in VR!I put my difficulty at25% as I wanted a more chill game, you can go lower or higher based on the level of surviving you want to experience.I have Skylakei7-asus1080-32gigsDDR4-500gigSSD. This game is too taxing with everything ULTRA settings and AA on, turn down your shadows to low and everything else can be set to ULTRA unless your in a grassy area, then I need to turn down one or two other settings as it gets choppy, those areas are not the majority of the game so in most cases the settings can remain at ULTRA.Once you get a hammer, dont pick up another as you cant drop one and it will wake up an additional inventory space for no reason. I reccomend having one additional oiled roots as your first torch will go out at least once and for me it happened in the biggest cave area, I had found the flashlight so I made it but it could have been very bad if I hadnt had that.Lastly the ending is a twist but could have been done better, but this game is more about the journey anyways.Deffinatly a MUST play for those that like Starseed-Fallout-Myst-etc."
,Recommended,313630,34419133,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"I dont play this on vr, but its capable and I would recomend it for that for the full experience. Getting into it is a little slow for my tastes but as you progress you really do feel like your there for survival. The size of the game feels like openworld but its not overwhelming. You also have tools to help you get around faster. Settings for this game is pretty insane, and it adjusts realtime so when I cranked the resolution up to 4k I felt my pc slowing down, looked gorgeous tho. If you think your going to zoom through this, you can, speedrunner style, but you also miss a lot of the story that way. Id say take your time, go through everything, theres plenty of it."
76561197972374114,Recommended,313630,26322158,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ace_Card_Bernard,Must play for Vive owners.
,Recommended,313630,23404278,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Nefrai,"I see lots of good reviews, so maybe it's just an issue with my machine/Vive - I tried the game on Oculus DK2 originally, and it seemed pretty smooth back then (2 months or so ago?) - I saw it now shows up for Vive, so gave it a try. The intro video was smooth, but soon as I was in the actual game, the frame rate dropped to nothing and was really jerky moving around - had to shut it down fast because it hurt. I started on Ultra graphics, and then tried with low graphics, with the same issue. So you understand, I use an i7 4790K CPU, and a 980ti video card. It's not a PC power issue. Is this only happening on my Vive? I have to mark it down for now, because it's just unplayable on Vive so far (for my testing), regardless of the graphics settings.--edit-- changing this to a thumb up, since it seems this is a vsync issue they are working on and the game is playable if you disable vsync in the game files."
76561198162374437,Recommended,313630,33683043,Posted: 20 July,all,Fizizy,10/10
,Recommended,313630,21360389,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MEMELIVESMATTER.jpg,Died on day 1 due to Hy pothermia. Restarted and died on day 1 due to standing in fire trying to stay warm. 11/10
,Recommended,313630,23742884,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Death Of An Icon,Discovered a ruin.Warning on totem said beware of fire and flame.Got out an ice crystal because the light and cold made me feel better.Saw inferno of hate and black rage came slowly blazing down the endless corridor.Hid in corner behind door.Put ice crystal away because it gives off light.Hate and rage inferno passed leaving a trail of smoke blacker than my eternally damned soul.Stood up and burst into flames.Died screaming.10/10 would definitely die screaming again.
,Not Recommended,313630,30784647,Posted: 27 March,all,JonnyB,"I'm genuinely surprised by the ""Very Positive"" review average for this game. I played it in VR using the Oculus Rift and was bored to tears.The problem is that this is a game that relies solely on atmosphere, given that nothing happens 99% of the time, and doesn't have the sense of presence that an experience like this requires. This kind of game can work, and incredibly well when put together in a compelling way. However, what's here is uninteresting and serves as a rare case of a game that makes you feel like you played longer than you actually did. A good game feels the opposite."
76561198137424341,Recommended,313630,25466762,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PANDOR,better than no man sky
,Not Recommended,313630,30652238,Posted: 21 March,all,Engeri,"The introduction to this game is nothing other than absolutely fantastic. I love the graphics, the feeling of survival, the strange but yet so beautiful planet you are on and just the general feeling of this game is great.My reason for hating the game is the story. The story hypes you up for what would seem like some sort of scary, awesome alien monster but at the end of the story - theres just nothing. Its all so dissapointing. Honestly this story was a bigger letdown for me than No Man's Sky, becasue the game itself was so great."
76561198126917786,Recommended,313630,21317600,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SilverItTongue,"This game is what it is.... AWESOME!-I've been waiting for it to come for a bit. counting down the days.Tip: while playing, play with the objectives on, because if you don't then good luck,New video of the new released Solus Porject, check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aSEw0Tb9ag"
76561197968809010,Recommended,313630,21311961,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Andy81le,"Recommended for great atmosphere, wonderful alien setting, and excellent quality of the playable parts of this early access."
,Recommended,313630,23760164,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,henry,"Within 5 minutes of gameplay, I stepped on a giant alien Venus Flytrap.I've not played since."
76561198079620904,Not Recommended,313630,28128398,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,kellenvmfd,"Got this game half of during the Steam Sale.  I'm not impressed, honestly!  I purchased it back in July when I first got my Vive, but refunded it because of poor performance and bugs.  Didn't get very far into the game, as the issues were too distracting.At half off, I figured I'd try again, hoping for the bugs to be worked out! Sadly, they were not.  I'll just list some pros and cons about what I've seen of this game so far.Pros:Good textures and environment.  This game does look pretty darn good, it seems like a big world!Has an actual story! (I'm getting sick of experiences, I wanted a longer game!)Cons:Locomotion (walking) is terrible.  Come on devs, THIS SHOULD BE FIXED! Basically, you have to set the rotation with the touchpad.  This kills immersion and causes motion sickness.  Teleportation is alright, but something more like Onward would be better.  Or just improve what you have, goodness!Aliasing. This game has a severe case of the jaggies!  I'm running a 1080, so settings are maxed out and the resolution multiplier is at 140%.  Not sure what can be done about this, but it sorta ruins the looks of an otherwise beautiful game.Lack of use of virtual reality controls.  This is a big one I think - it's virtual reality.  To light a torch in a rocket, I should be able to stick the torch in the rocket.  To fill a water bottle from dripping water, I should be able to stick it under the water.  I dislike needing to push a button to accomplish basic tasks.Aiming with the head in the menu.  This is just bad - we have motion controls on the Vive, why the heck for the tutorial am I looking almost straight down to continue on?!General bugs.  I glitched into the cave entrance with the beacon and couldn't teleport anywhere (or walk anywhere either!) I couldn't even walk out of it with roomscale.__________________Overall, I do not recommend this game for VR users, I'm disappointed in the devs who are obviously treating VR as an afterthought.  I haven't seen any improvement in the user experience between when I bought and refunded it in July compared to now.Devs: Please fix locomotion first.  Then fix aiming with the head in the menu.  At least offer options to us!"
,Recommended,313630,32617808,Posted: 21 June,all,UNIT28,if u like play this gamehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/257510/so u definitely need to play the solus project too!
76561198101867598,Recommended,313630,21311378,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Fantmx,I have been following development on Twitter for some time. The world looks amazing which is what led me to buy early access so quickly. The gameplay is equally interesting. It is still very basic but exploring is already fun. I stumbled into a hidden cave and found two relics. I also like an idiot managed to lose my only rope. I only meant to spend about a half an hour my first play session but easily went over an hour. This was partly due to my surprise at seeing a rocket land in the distance that when I finally came to it contained some much needed supplies.As long as development continues this game totally has my thumbs up.Gameplay:https://youtu.be/rQ01NX6Yp08
,Recommended,313630,21363508,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MrCr,"For an early access game, this is truly wonderful.My system has no problems with compatibility or stability with this game and is running with nvidia SLI enabled (thumbsup).Im looking forward to the rest of the game!!!"
,Recommended,313630,23512263,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BuckleBean,"Only just a short while in, but the latest update improved VR teleportation locomotion significantly. It now includes aim with controller, similar to the lab (though without the arc). If you were hoding off due the to the VR implementation, it's time to give it another shot."
,Recommended,313630,23777585,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dovaskus,"I mean, damn. That game, That story,  that ending. Just Damn.10/10 would get followed by creepy dolls and impaled by spikes again."
,Not Recommended,313630,26366844,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Disclaimer:  I played this on PC (non VR)This game doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.On one hand, it's an exploration / adventure game,  which makes sense seeing as it is the spiritual sequel to ""The Ball"" which had a heavy emphasis on puzzles and adventure, with nary a survival element to be found. Unfortunately it seems as though Sjoerd realized that it was 2016 , and survival games were popular, so he shoe-horned in a bunch of ill-fitting survival mechanics which do very little to make the game enjoyable.  I'd go as far as to say that they shoot it in the foot.Swimming will make your character cold and wet, and quickly kill you from hypothermia.  Not that there's much to see underwater anyway, it's mostly just an empty expanse of sand.  Your character will constantly complain about needing food, so you will be forced to bash open tin cans with rocks and repetetively munch on the contents until the suit stops ♥♥♥♥♥ing at you.  There are text logs scattered throughout the world which you can discover with your ""WILSON"" (LOL Castaway reference!) device.  They aren't very interesting.They say first impressions are everything,  and this game doesn't make a very good one. It is fairly mediocre looking with low poly assets and low resolution textures.  It somewhat compensates for this with a stylized look that was also present in ""The Ball"" (textures tend to look hand painted), but the best I could say about it is that it looks passable.  Kind of like a better than average looking Unreal Engine 3 game ( Bulletstorm came to mind in spots)  Given that it needs to run at a high framerate to support VR devices, this isn't a huge surprise.  Don't expect your jaw to be dropping to the floor here.Fairly dissappointed in this one.   It was developed by an indie dev I respect, and I *want* to like it, but It's just not grabbing me.  Maybe I'll give it another try another time, but for now, I'd recommend that if you want an exploration / survival game that is actually decent try Subnautica or The Long Dark instead."
76561197983105124,Recommended,313630,30734019,Posted: 25 March,all,Extremophile Elite,"If you're looking for a VR game, this isn't the one. Clunky controls, awkward interface, not designed for VR. Having to jump around places is the only time I've ever gotten VR sick.Other than that the game is great for desktop, so I can't give it a thumbs down."
76561197980520400,Not Recommended,313630,29010238,Posted: 4 January,all,Derpmind,"I played this for a while, but was really disappointed by how lackluster the survival elements were. I first thought something was up with how much food and water you could easily find on the first island, but later I found out there were sources of unlimited food and water scattered about. There are locations that have a big bowl of unlimited food next to a trough of unlimited drinking water. Maybe it's different on the absolute highest difficulties, but the game just seems to throw an excess of supplies at you, and given that it's a linear experience you'd think resource management would be more important than a cursory exercise. And then I lost all enthusiasm for the exploration when I reached the cave system with identical passageways everywhere and a 'mysterious' black cloud of instant death that you have to run away from.I really regret purchasing and spending time with this game, as both the mysteries and the gameplay challenges turned out to both be shallow in many ways."
76561198069380181,Not Recommended,313630,30357053,Posted: 6 March,all,greyhawke69,"I didn't like this game as much as I could have.It's not a survival game, per se.  It doesn't claim to be.Artwork and effects are great.  I love the tornadoesand other weather effects.Good audio had me looking over my shoulder a lot.Ran fine on my system.I do not mind that it is short.The deal breaker for me was the ending.  A post-releasepatch adding a couple more based on the difficulty playedwould bring it up from a 6/10 to a 9/10 for me.As it stands, I am not inspired enough to play it again."
76561198067378323,Recommended,313630,23319748,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Thor Ragnarson,"For Vive owners. Even though it doesn\'t say vive support atm it can be played on the Vive.First review I\'ve done on steam and I\'m doing it because the developers have been so good and talkative about the vive update and progress. I\'ve been waiting for vive support to be sorted before starting the game.I have just tried the new update and to those wondering if it works with the vive it does and it works great! Motion controllers have been sorted out, menu and intro now work in VR, lots of options have been added for controls and walk speed, and it looks great. I have 2 x 980 TI in SLI and it runs a dream all on ultra in the headset. I can\'t say how it will run on lesser cards.Hope this review is helpful, I\'m looking forward to playing the game now Vive is sorted."
76561198085061200,Recommended,313630,21323338,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,t3opc,"Starts off with a nice story line. You begin on an alien planet and need to survive by gathering supplies into your backpack and/or gathering them in a cave.The nights are very cold and the days are warm, so at night you need to keep warm. You do this by finding the necessary supplies then using them to stay safe. Once you do so, you can begin to explore more safely.There are puzzles, traps, secrets, and more along the way. Backstory is provided via pages strewn around from the wreakage. Some story is also provided by alien structures/monuments. The rest of the story is provided by voice.The sound effects and music are all really good and help pull you into it.As this review is from Early Access, there's currently some bugs. Nothing major.But, some annoying things could be better such as when getting wet its quite difficult to read the in-game UI as there's these big water droplets in the way that may not be moving out of the way.The water droplet animation is REALLY bad.And some other things... what they improve or fix in the end just isn't known at this time.You can jump and move around at will. Into the water you go! The ONLY invisible walls I've noticed are deep at sea.There's plenty more to find out for yourself...Overall, definitely recommended. I haven't wanted to play a survival based game until now. This one is good.(Its best to have a short review for this game as the more you read the more its going to take away from the discovery aspect of it which is very important here.)"
,Recommended,313630,21375723,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mad Cat,"This game have awesome atmosphere! It's same universe with The Ball. Please, we need more levels and more secrets!"
,Recommended,313630,21435269,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Straxter,awesome.
76561198175994235,Recommended,313630,24623064,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Evil Spinach,Great game.
,Recommended,313630,21405746,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,vodkins,"This awesome game strongly reminds me of an old good Unreal I so much! Of course - it was made by the lead of Hourences (see wondeful ""The Ball"" game also). You even can find Easter Egg with Nali crucifiction in some secret in the caves:) So i am happy! I really can call it a ""New Unreal"" game! Strongly recommend - this is not your usual survival POS - here we have strong story and plot and game mostly based on exploration and story and mission based instead of those usual flat collecting of junk and keeping your stomach full. So for all Unreal fans - buy it and your will never be dissapointed. Even for EA stage this is a masterpiece already. 11 from 10!P.S. Does someone missed that cool Translocator thing from Unreal Tournament 1999? Prepare for a mighty return:)P.P.S. Also those guys are so serious that they gave us the working console to fun around it. I like such approach so much! For all of your indie devs who disables console in the first day of development but always forgot to add full support of key rebind and other important options. You are the miserable hobos. Watch and learn, watch and learn and again watch and learn..."
,Recommended,313630,23325276,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sasherz,"Awesome GameThe Positive:1: Now Vive suported, jsut takes about 5-10 trys to get it to start due to all the crashes (still in beta suport for the Vive)2: Movement is done with your left controllers trackpad (forward, back, strafle left and right) on the Vive, so no Teleporting, wich inhances the immersive play3: Turning is done by you moving about, or clicking the edge on the right controlle (if not, it was the left, cant remember)4: New Game Slot, here you can start a new game, having one for none VR and one for VR, if you want that.The Negative1: Croutch toggle, I wish they had a RL tracking croutch as you play this game, since it would make the game more immersive2: VR\'s \""grainy view\"", this is the downside to any VR game, having those iny black dots that you get from any VR headsett, this affects the PDA reading, wich is terrible, since all the info you need is on it. adjusting the VR headset does help abit, but not enough3: No Option shortcut for the Vive to tinker with settings"
,Recommended,313630,24030378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jmp $,10/10 best game
76561197969771984,Recommended,313630,24152010,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Praxis,"So far, really good first impression. I really want to explore more though I would prefer normal game cues vs the obvious ""go here"" early on. Yeah, it requires a bit more effort but it's worth it to the player. (ask Valve about phenomenal player cueing and manipulation).On Vive, very underutilized and shoddy controls by default. I hope that clumsiness changes or we can customize them outright on our hand controllers because with intuitive controls it could be tremendous but the way they have them now is ...  irritating at best.Really looking forward to playing this more (despite the awful Vive controls)."
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,313630,24240208,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pha cops,"Short answer:Trite and predictable story, puzzles to solve aren't really puzzling, just busy work, with a survival system that has all the same problems as most do.Heh they even did the predictable 'horror' trope of one part of the game following you around with laughing baby doll things, in space...With hard settings for survival, you seem to barely last 5 minutes without apparently dying of dehydration.Puzzles are mostly avoid bear traps and flame-shooting things to get a key, or other dvice to make another thing open. P.S. why does a supposedly advanced race need bear traps and other floor-triggered things? I mean, the next stage up is leaving out curdled milk for me to drink while I'm randomly dying of dehydration, no?There are also some core issues with the level handling, which repeats areas. But, at a couple points it loops you back through where you came from, where there are 3+ routes to take and it isn't ultimately clear, because sometimes the forward-vector breaks, which means you may run in circles for 30 minutes+ before you find what it should have been pointing at. Fun. Or when something gets triggered but your view of that thing is obscured when it happens and it tells you to follow that thing...so...you wander until you figure it out...equally fun.All-in-all, not worth the money spent on it."
,Recommended,313630,22905941,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,insomniac,Very good survival game with a unique twist. Would recomend strongly if you like space/survival games!
,Not Recommended,313630,26344036,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Norgus,"I'm sure the basic game experience is wonderful, but the barrier to entry for playing this in VR is too high IMO.You are met with a barrage of several pages of text trying to explain the buttons and how to play before the game starts and expected to remember it all at once and just get stuck in.There are no simple usability niceties like labels which appear near the controllers pointing to different buttons labelling their functions (it's something I first saw with tilt brush and have since seen in some games too).I'll come back and try it again when I notice a VR related update and revise my review if things have been fixed, but as it is I would not recommend the game, for VR playing at least."
,Recommended,313630,27481527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,†Flare†,Great game
76561197978341880,Not Recommended,313630,34824838,Posted: 8 September,all,Zephyx,"As someone who loves exploration and survival games, I gotta say... got bored pretty fast."
,Recommended,313630,26327616,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Aric'thebeard,Chosen to save humanitytraveled the stars in a spaceshipcrashed on a planetwent into a cavecrapped my pants10/10would crap pants again
,Recommended,313630,21515639,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hhan,"Even for just an early access, it was a really good journey and im actually stunned from it a little bit. :steamhappy:"
,Recommended,313630,21377374,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jordan B. Peterson,"Really enjoyed the landscape! plenty of interesting creatures and trees to find in this world. Teleportation for movement is a really cool idea! Wish I could throw it farther. No combat yet, found maybe 3 of the hidden artifacts on the first run.Wish I could turn beacons off. Controls felt very comfortable, tho mouse sensativity was WAY higher than I usually play even at the limitREALLY HOPE THEY EXPAND THIS WORLD"
,Recommended,313630,21597089,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,EK2,"I love space games & movies and this was done done just right, looking forward to the full game.- EK2"
,Recommended,313630,21441446,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Birblord,"So I finished up quite a bit of TSP before I decided to write this. The idea is new, and very immersive. I do wish there'd be combat, but the entire puzzle aspect of the game is well developed and can stand on its own. The world is immersive, and there's a very real sense of isolation that is invaluable in bringing the game to life, but not to the point of horrifying. There's  a sense of fear of what's over the horizon, and the weather anomalies really help to highlight that this is a world untamed by humanity.Please finish this game. I want to see what's over that horizon you guys keep hinting at!"
76561198093438934,Recommended,313630,21580439,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,rayzza3,"VERY GOOD, BIT TRICKEY AT FIRST BUT YOU GET THE IDEA  PRETTY QUICK."
,Recommended,313630,21774861,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Havoc1254,"The solus project is easily a very beautiful game, yes if does have its issuse like alot of game although it is very easy to lose yourself while playing with the story line being so well thought out for a episodic game"
76561198114627846,Recommended,313630,21420496,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Berserk,I like the game! The idea is great and it is worth buying! I will like to see further development :)
76561198083911869,Recommended,313630,22648392,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,PizzaMan,AWESOME....JUST AWESOME!! im loving this game...SO much to discover and explore AND the let's play is doing pretty well on my channel so thats a bonus! :)
,Recommended,313630,22410048,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ProLand  Wildcase.com,Ammazing and fun game.
76561198137146976,Recommended,313630,21345954,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,peter62marshall,Stunning game! cant wait for the full version!
76561198036096661,Not Recommended,313630,25352398,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,RynoStewie,"The game looks amazing, and has it's ""Holy crap!"" moments.  But for me and a few other people, it has one critical flaw.  We're unable to save the game, and when we change areas our inventory completely vanishes.  I put about 2 hours or so on my first playthrough, exploring the world, picking up loot and experiencing what the game has to offer.  Only to progress to the next area and have everything disappear.  ""No big deal.  I saved just before I came in here so maybe it's just a bug.""  I loaded my ""saved"" game found it dropped me right at the beginning in the water, with nothing actually saved.  The only thing it saved was the fact that I was no longer in the drop pod.  But I was going through the motions in the water as if I was leaving the pod...I spent the next 3 hours of game time on record trying everything to find a fix for it.  Went to the developer's website and tried the suggestions there, went to the forums and got some assistance, but after awhile everything went dark.  So I deleted the game and have abandoned it since.Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,313630,26526011,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Orgazmo,"For Oculus users only:Seems the game has terrible Rift support, movemetns are twitching both with mouse and gamepad, causing immediate headache. I couldn't leave first location with two stones due to extreeme vertigo and nausea."
76561198195697979,Not Recommended,313630,29784092,Posted: 8 February,all,DEDSEC,having just completed solus i felt a little disappointed on the ending it feels unfinished   maybe they intend to add something to it or another game release solus 2??and what the hell is going on with skeleton aliens still alive in some places  ??looking up at you? i started  hitting f8 many times  and typing  console commands  getting the dam keys flying running faster etc..(you will get to a point in the game that you will use f8) what started out as a good game become boring overall 6/10 a game i dont think i could go through this game  again.
76561198003890860,Recommended,313630,34845909,Posted: 9 September,all,Hammer,Great game!  A ton to explore and read :)
76561198112335919,Recommended,313630,23468380,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"OK FREAKING AWESOME - how ever I can't get the hang of it. (controls are not logical - poorly implimented)  I have to say that VIVE games and demos so far have been so logical that the control is just intuitive.  NOT THIS GAME.  At the start I had a bit of that initial ""AWE"" that I had when I first used my vive for the first hour.   But the frustration of the controls eventually took over and ruined the experience.  I with this was a  ""NEUTRAL"" recommend as it's GREAT - but it's HORRIBLE but I suspect it will be fixed.  I crashes, I made it to a cave, a drank some water, I ate some food, I filled my water can... I was looking for shelter and I saw red spots and died. (I THINK) I seemed to be alive, but I no longer could move.  (or was that the lousy control?)    Graphics are stunning. I used AA and 150% and it was very nice and sharp. SOME text is hard to read on the tricorder but just bring it up to your face and it gets clear. (I had no issue with that and liked the high res text). I really liked what seemed like steam/breath from my mouth - and the VIVE head set feels like you're wearing a space mask.  I felt great, but the movement wasn't like walking and killed the emmersive feel. Rotating was click to turn. (wasn't into that) other games have good movement. (budget cuts!).   I think eventually I will get the hang of controls. But at this point (about 20 minutes into it) I have no desire to try again.  So  NO RECOMMENDATION to buying it.  HOWEVER it's freak'n cool - and I'm sure will have major complaints about control and I'm sure it will be fixed. (do I refund it until then?)  I hate hassling steam... so I'll prolly keep it and wait for a update.   BUY IT give is thumbs down to help make them fix it.    Looks and feels like a AAA title - but has indy (single man dev control) or worse.  ?  so like whats with that? No one beta tested it and complained?"
76561198169063238,Recommended,313630,24184270,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,litokar,Amazing game !!! but the ending is terrible.
76561198218930867,Recommended,313630,21326435,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Light,I realy like the ambiance of the game!
76561198147336090,Recommended,313630,21326437,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Releeshahn,WOW WOW WOW.!! FOR ME THIS GAME IS AWSOME AMAZING IM ACTUALLY QUITE SHOCKED ITS SO BEAUTIFUL AND PULLS YOU IN. I HAVE ONLY A GTX 550TI 1GB AND A AMDFX 6300 AND SO FAR IT RUNS BEAUTIFULLY EVEN ON ULTRA AND HIGHEST RES. I NORMALLY GET MOTION SICKNESS BECAUSE THE MOVEMENTS ARE BUMBY OR CAMERA ANGLE TO LOW DOWN NOT WITH THIS GAME!! IF YOU LIKE OUTER PLANETS AND BEING STRANDED ON AN ALIEN PLANET WITH GOOD STORY AND SURVIVAL ELEMENTS THAT DON'T TAKE UP MUCH TIME (THIS GAME IS MORE ABOUT THE STORY THAN SURVIVAL) LIKE SATISFYING HUNGER EVERY 10 MINUTES.THEN YOU WILL LOVE VOVE LOVE THIS GAME. FOR THE PRICE ITS A PRACTICAL GIVE AWAY. OH AND NOT ONLY CAN YOU SWIM IN THE SEA YOU CAN GO UNDER TOO. IVE SAID THAT BECAUSE READING THE OTHER REVIEWS NO-ONE MENTIONS SWIMMING WHICH ADDS TO THE FUN. THERES EVEN TIDES! ITS SO REALISTIC I OFTEN FORGET IM IN A GAME AND YET IM NOT PLAYING IN VR THATS HOW GOOD THIS GAME IS!HOWEVER THE GAME IS NOT AT ITS BEST YET! THE CONTROLS - TOO MANY. PROBABLY BETTER PLAYED ON XBOX. CANNOT SAVE WHEN YOU WANT TOO. IT ONLY SAVES WHEN YOU SLEEP AND AT CERTAIN SHRINE POSTS . OR MAYBE WHEN YOU JUST NAP BUT ANYWAY YOU CANNOT SAVE AT ANY ONE TIME WHICH I DONT LIKE. CARNT THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE I DONT LIKE OH YES! THE GAME IS STILL BUGGY EVEN MORE SO SINCE LATE FEBUARY UPDATE
76561198083914249,Recommended,313630,21327423,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bananakin,"So far so good, graphics aint something great tho, feels 2010ish. But man, the atmosphere of the game... feels like im an mayan archeologist, but on a completely different planet! This has so much potential to be GOTY.85/100* (so far)"
76561197960424850,Recommended,313630,21400451,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,nyte,"So far it's good.  It's emmersive, suspenseful, and kinda spooky. Unfortunately, the survival aspect of the game is bad. But other than that I can't wait to play the next part."
76561197988728735,Recommended,313630,21416386,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,DrkGrnFire,"Nice graphics and  gameplay, but too short game 7.6 hrs and I waste a lot of time doing nothing and the game is finished.Only a few glitch I found. One is the smalls holes you can find in the path and if you use the teleport gun you can pass and walk in the wall.You can try the glitch in the end of this game  before the final temple there is a statue in a room with ice in the flore with 4 big stones, one of the corners in the top have a small entrance and you can find a relic there and you can see small hole as small entrance (but it is not), remember use your teleport gun.Other problem, is the big pilar stones you see close to the mountains you can clime them but if you fall between those you will stuck forever and reload the game.This game lack of tutorial and need more easy way to do fire place or combine 2 object with out throwing to the flor or a video showing how to do it.White color for pick up or orage color for use is not a good way, I have burn my roots or bushes by accident because All this objects are together and you have hard time trying to pick up just one object, we need a storage is look lest meassy.Definitely this game need some telescope or more zoom option  on your helmet, I will not risk falling or walk long distance for just one pipe or something unnecessary object.This game is great with amazing natural disasters and definitely is fun,but you tell us the game is complete? With only 2 more levels for the final release. Please this game have a lot of room for improvement and story,made this game more awesome."
,Recommended,313630,21418025,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ja,"One of the smoothest games iv played on DK2, no judder what so ever :)"
76561197980271980,Recommended,313630,22068582,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,jt248_17,love space? love exploration? love gorgeous views? a dangerous environment is the only thing to worry about. and even the environment is a fun challange.
,Recommended,313630,23479277,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Bigsplash,"I have to change my review to a yes. I recommend this game! Why? Because they developers listened to my issues and have gone above and beyond to fix them! I repurchased the game and plan to give a full review as soon as possible. Awesome work. I left my original review below incase people wanted to see what I did not like.*** Original Review***Sadly for me on the vive I got really sick, also I don't understand small fonts on vive games. I have to place the controller against my headset to read the text... I think it's worth a buy / try because if those things do not bother you I imagine it's really great!Sadly I have to not reccomend this game, the core design and enviornment is great but too many optimization issues that make it a no for me.*** Original Review***"
,Recommended,313630,23496195,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,WarLord,"This last update with a better Vive navigation system solved my complaint with this game. Now it is an immersive, fun, visually pleasing game that is easy to navigate with the Vive. Covered more ground in a just a few minutes of gameplay with the new nav system than I did in the previous 2 hours with the old nav system.  One of the best VR games I've played so far. No doubt the devs pay close to attention to feedback. The visual look of the game and soundtrack are great and the Vive nav system is now getting on an even footing with the quality of the game itself."
,Recommended,313630,23499454,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Valen,"Originally I complained that support for HTC Vive is terrible, as it actually really was. However I decided to change my review after the latest patch made 11 Jun 2016.This game work quiet niclely now with Vive if you set resolution scale to 150% and turn off AA as suggested by the developer commenting this review. Although there still is little gliches with controllers the current version is very much playable with Vive."
,Not Recommended,313630,23900732,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Scheneighnay,"Story is mediocre, and the fact that the whole game is on rails ruins the gameplay.The gameplay mechanics are well thought-out and should be great, but the simple fact of the matter is that that potential is poorly utilized.The biggest example is that the survival aspect is ignored for 90% of the game, because it just hands you free food, water, and shelter in almost every area."
,Not Recommended,313630,23455916,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,christianled59,"I bought this game for the Vive, and frankly, it was horrible.The motion controllers didnt work how youd expect them to. I was so disorientated that I couldn't get past the intro. The hud was also unreadable. I tried to play sitting with a controller, and the controller was also strange. You can only walk forward and backward, you cant strafe and turning with the right stick only ""blinked"" you in different directions. I understand a lot of this was to combat motion sickness, but it only made things worse. Not to mention that when I walked in room scale, the environment around me didnt move at all. Very sickening.But for the pros, it does seem like it would have a good story. Excellent visuals and amazing intro.Unfortunately, I was very disappointed in the vr support. May I suggest you wait on advertising VR support until it's a lot more polished. Good luck!"
76561197970573862,Not Recommended,313630,23454977,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Zidz,"Bought it for my vive. Needs way more polish before it is an acceptable VR game. The movement is wonky, text is hard to read and the control scheme feel off."
76561198033948736,Not Recommended,313630,23768035,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zombie Tank,"After watching the videos and screen shots i thought to my self this game looks my type of game, loved call of the star seed, but to my disapointment there not even in the same league. This maybe decent enough for oculus users but it just lacks everything you need for a immersive vr game.First of all the controls dont make sense and are awful to use, i could not find away to view all my items in my bag you just have to cycle through them. Interacting with items probably the worst ive ever seen in vr to date (pointing and clicking items with no relation to distance from you just takes away from the experience, which after a while just feels like a really bad cave simulation game.The lack of ambient sound, no foot steps, breathing, any type of noise when you drop otr iteract with items.The only game ive ever had refunded in 5 years on steam.Im sure if i gave this game more of a chance there would be slight improvements later in the game but the first hour bored me to tears. very disapointed. ( will be waiting for the next chapter of call of star seed)"
,Recommended,313630,29268712,Posted: 15 January,all,Paradise Decay,VR | Oculus Rift | GTX 1060 Gameplay footage (With Commentary)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWc3XeOrC90My Thoughts:If you have VR! Do not let this title slip your radar. It was 100% better than I was expecting and that alone made for a refreshing and enjoyable romp.Game  Details:The Solus Project is a single player exploration adventure with survival elements. The adventure is set on a mysterious planet and is the spiritual successor to The Ball - 2010 PC Gamer Action/Adventure Game Of The Year...
76561198033013551,Not Recommended,313630,23770587,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kanderson5,"Bought this game in the hopes of using it with my Vive. Huge disappointment.It was practically unplayable. I have not had a problem with motion sickness with my vive yet, but this game has a ""walk"" function where it just moves you the direction you're looking. It's the most uncomfortable feeling. There is a teleport mechanic that is less jarring.All the mechanics in the game make the Vive feel like an afterthought. The inventory system is tedious (just the grip button that cycles through ALL your items). The tutorial is just text on a wall. Controls are not intuitive in anyway.I can't speak to the combat (if there is any) because I didn't get that far.The game may be great if just played on a PC, but it was terrible on the Vive. If you have a Vive and are looking for a game to give you a good experience, I would not recommend this."
,Recommended,313630,23479413,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,WindFox,"Heat stroke during the day, nearly froze at night, made a campfire, took a nap, rudely awakened by a meteor shower (the bad kind), then had a tornado hunt me down (I swear it homed in on me.)....all that in a span of 10 minutes.10/10, would♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks during another night of terror."
,Recommended,313630,26313081,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,henrique.juca,The dolls. The dolls. The dolls.
76561198054335075,Recommended,313630,24992304,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dark@ngel,"you die, i die, eveyone dieWould recommended ""Die of the year"" game"
76561198032215897,Not Recommended,313630,26635506,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Wormer,"Loved the idea, but after standing for 20 real time minutes in a cave due to rain outside, because I didn't want to get wet kinda killed it for me.Visually the game looks stunning, but on the interactivity part, it got boring rather fast :(.Not for me."
76561198196534749,Not Recommended,313630,24734287,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,WickoVater,Frist off the tutorial and in-game help needs lots of work and the devs should consider spending more time on these. It feels like an old game converted to VR with none of the controls I have come to expect from the better VR games. I did not have the patience to try and work out the first in game challenge which is really simple but let down by the lack of intuitive controls. Maybye I will come back to this later when some work has been done on it.
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,313630,23783883,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Revixy,Not worth it.
76561197994827301,Recommended,313630,21319897,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Apterous,Best early access game. epic scifi exploration/survival.
,Not Recommended,313630,25186216,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wildcard999,VR Controls are horrible
,Not Recommended,313630,25192097,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LadysWinter,"*THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE VR VERSION OF THE GAME*The VR version of the game is poor in its current state, items will fly around you whenever they touch a wall, aiming is very finicky with the teleportation device, having to look around to move can really strain your neck after awhile (Yes there is another way to move but I found that one very boring to play with). The game also makes text very hard to read in some parts, even having them completely out of your view so by the time you notice them they fade before you can read them. The inventory will sometimes disappear completely from one, or both of your eyes if you aren't looking in the exact right spot.Currently I don't recommend anyone looking for the VR pick this up until it is updated, when some of those issues are fixed, it may be worth looking into."
,Not Recommended,313630,26473406,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,FELIX,"-VR Review-The concept is cool but it's so obvious this game wasn't made with VR in mind, having played countless hours of VR games it's a real feat to make me motion sick at this point. The interaction and immersion just isn't there for me, picking stuff up and handling the inventory feels clunky and unintuitive. I know the VR implementation is ""WIP"" so hopefully they can improve upon it, but I don't see them fixing everything without reworking the entire game. It's just designed in such a way that it doesn't translate well to VR. Had to refund."
,Recommended,313630,31927003,Posted: 23 May,all,ftstani,This appears to be an interesting adventure title. The lack of killing stuff makes it a surprisingly refreshing experience.More playing is needed before I can offer a definitive thumb direction. Certainly beats lollygagging about as a goat though. It's very atmospheric to be sure.
76561198297331211,Recommended,313630,22418340,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DontSteal,love this game kinda hard to find out whats going on but good game
76561198041892928,Not Recommended,313630,35252917,Posted: 27 September,all,Banzai,DO NOT BUY FOR VR ON HTC - BY DEFAULT IT's BUSTEDThe menue will not respond to the controller and you will be stuck reading internet threads about a beta version you need to simply get started.Devs Patch your game. You obivouly have a solve but have not pushed it out to the stable market version. Do it please. I can't look positivly on a game that is not operational out of the box as cool as it may be.
,Recommended,313630,23607311,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Flarn,"1 hour in and I can already tell there are going to be many more. I had to turn down the gfx details a bit to reduce judder but I didn't notice that much of a difference quality-wise, which is nice."
76561197967067697,Not Recommended,313630,24398510,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zeoran,"Decent game, good graphics, seemed like a good story.  Only problem is, the game consistently and I do mean CONSITENTLY not only crashed itself, but instantly rebooted my entire PC.  Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GTX 980, all latest drivers in Windows 10 and nothing helped. And I'm not referring to a crash every once in a while, but every few minutes. Over 12 reboots in less than 3 hours.  If this was a BETA or Early Access, I could understand be sympathetic....but it's NOT.  I had hoped to try and see how the game worked with VR, but it wouldn't even run normal."
76561198007379688,Not Recommended,313630,26523300,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Waffel,kinda cool but in the end it's just a lot of walking about getting lost in maze caves.  No actual puzzels just following a story and going back and forth.
76561197999460435,Not Recommended,313630,23467589,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Drak,"Don't buy it. Just.. don't. It's not a survival game it's a walking simulator with some minor annoyances added on. The exploration portion of the game is just mindlessly launching a teleportation frisbee around until you find the one percent resistance increasing maguffin in some random cave. The plot just falls apart at the end with no real answers just speculation and mustache twirling. If you don't know the company made ""The Ball"" you will be reminded. A lot. ""THE BALL was taken from us"" ""THE BALL shall show us the secrets!"""
,Not Recommended,313630,23528882,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,pechy,"Disclaimer: This review is only based on the first 2-3 hours of gameplay.The Solus Project markets itself as an immersive survival/exploration game. Unfortunately it's hard to be immersed when you're bored waiting for a game to get good.The survival gameplay initially seems promising, tracking your health, water, calories, body temperature and fatigue, as well as the environmental temperature, humidity and windspeed, on a PDA that slides into view when you look down (I imagine this is a nice effect in VR - I played on a standard PC). You have an inventory to manage, prioritising food, refillable water containers and medkits. You construct a rudimentary torch from debris, stock up on supplies, and are ready to explore the nearby cave system. Unfortunately I quickly realise there's always plenty of food and water available (even underground) so managing hunger and thirst quickly becomes a chore. In the week or so of in-game time that has passed by torch (a bit of oil and kindling on a metal rod) has never gone out. The only stat I found myself paying attention to was the temperature. This boils down to using the torch if it's cold and using another light source (flashlight, crystal, glowstick) if it's hot. This game appears to be a walking simulator with survival aspects tacked on. Unfortunately, survival is not tense or difficult, just tedious and boring.Ok, so it's not really a survival game. That's ok, there should still be plenty of fun to be had from freely exploring, without having to worry about dying of thirst, right? Well, the level design itself is fairly linear. Sometimes there are a few different branches you can take from A to B. The main incentive to explore is to discover secrets. These are basically objects that give you a minor stat increase. Only, surviving is basically just a distraction and a chore and the secrets don't contribute anything to the plot, so searching for them is just another chore in itself. Additionally, the areas are often fairly open with lots of nooks and crannies. It just isn't my idea of fun to wander around the edge of a map looking for the opening, or spending hours jumping on rocks to see if I can climb up (you usually can't).""Oh well, maybe I'm trying to make too much of this game. Let's just get immersed in the story and the visuals and get lost in this world."" I gave up on this when I realised how much of the plot relied on 'scattered notes'. When you find a piece of paper on the ground that starts with 'Yuri's Diary - 1/24' you realise you'll spend the next 10 minutes following these breadcrumbs and just hoping you don't miss any or read them out of order. The text doesn't appear all at once, it appears as if someone is typing. Accidentally move your mouse off the note and you have to start again. It is infuriating.One time, I left an indoor campsite, crouched through a crawlspace, walked through a cave, and came outside only to discover it was like 50 degrees and I was going to get hyperthermia if I stayed outside. I had to backtrack all the way to the campsite just so I could rest until evening. Not only is survival tedious, it's actually actively hindering your progress. This would be fine if it created a challenge, but it just creates more tedium.On the upside, the visuals are quite nice (if a little samey) and I feel like if I had stuck with it the plot might have picked up steam. The major problem is this game doesn't know what it wants to be. The survival gameplay, the exploration and level design, and the plot delivery are entirely at odds with each other. They contantly try and pull you in different directions making for a very tiresome experience."
,Not Recommended,313630,23919285,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NOT MY BEST WORK,"Game mentioned crafting and exploration though crafting is VERY limited and isn't necessary for a game progression. Exploration is also very limited and entire gameplay looks like going from a room to room instead of called ""surviving on an island"". And you can't swim off the island to a nearest one - you're just hitting invisible wall.Huge disappointment."
76561197968495022,Not Recommended,313630,29128606,Posted: 8 January,all,Sharkan,"A linear game with few and simplistic interactions.The survival aspect is also very light and uninteresting.After a few hours, I haven't crossed the path of any interesting life forms. (only plants ^^)Good atmosphere, graphics are OK, sound is good, but it's really too slow and boring to my taste."
,Recommended,313630,23885554,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Killerhab,DAM.  PLay this game HIGH and then you will know what I mean lol.really good story Line and game play. Never got old andOMG I cant find the secrets so well hidenA++++++++++++++++++
76561198025838396,Not Recommended,313630,23965563,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ziggrrauglurr,"The game is ""ok"", but it needs heavy polishing for VR, at this point it's little more than a Gimmick. The game is not really ""thought"" to be a good VR experience."
,Recommended,313630,26283043,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,H35!T@!0N,"VR game play:inventory system needs some workfairly basic puzzlesbelow average looking graphics on ultraif it wasnt a VR game i would refund it, but these VR devs need donations to help them get started and snowball the industryi give this a no mans sky / 10 on VRmonitor mouse keyboard gameplay:looks better but still not that great on ultra6/10the way you craft is a bit odd, you drop an item on the ground then equip an item in your hands and join them"
76561198000698039,Not Recommended,313630,26350158,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fugasas,"Graphic is fine, but not perfect.Story is quite ussual, dialoges - notes predictable.I could not enjoy the game for some reason it seemed a bit frustrating and boring find one item, do another.While some features are for survival game, a lot are not. Some simple convienient expected things are missing. While other looks redundant."
76561197972838486,Not Recommended,313630,26446855,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,brawsome,"Played this on a Vive for a few hours and I don't think I'll play it anymore because it's just feeling so tedious. Got into the caves and it feels like I was spelunking through a low-poly mess of jagged tunnels with an occasional low-res model feature.  I had the graphics settings cranked too. The survival aspects only add to the tedium. Got to remember to pick survival items up, eat, drink, sleep, stay warm. Super boring after a few cycles of this.Maybe outside of VR this is ok, but it just hurts to look at in the headset. The immersion feels really low.Had to backtrack through said featureless caves to get fire again because it turns out I would die of hyperthermia without it and I wandered around in the dark for a while getting totally over this experience very quickly.The interface in VR is very unintuitive, I kept having to visit the controls screen periodically. Jumping and moving in VR is just the worst as well, why even keep this feature? Remove them and remove the amount of controls you have to remember. Inventory was exceedingly clunky and hard to use. Most of the time I felt like I was missing some trick as to how to use this intuitively, but I don't think it's there.Some suggestions for subsequent games:* Bumbling around dark featureless caves is very unrewarding, add more detail to caves, or make them shorter* Overhal the VR interface, check out Vanishing Realms or The Gallery for how to do it rightI've watched some videos as how this game plays out and there's some really good stuff several hours in, but I can't bring myself to slog it out to get there. Also checked out the ending because I decided I'm not going back to this game and I would have been majorly disappointed with that if I'd stuck it out."
76561198307502612,Not Recommended,313630,26576353,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,rummyey,Boring underground game play made me uninstall this game.
76561198019138207,Not Recommended,313630,26360926,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gremlin,"Don't buy this and expect a proper virtual reality experience. I can't and won't comment on its content as I took only a quick look at it before issuing my first steam refund..As others said, you'll navigate menus by ""looking"" at buttons and by using the controller's trigger to pushIf you like to use the locomotion ""walking"" style, you'll walk in the direction where you're currently lookingYou can't walk backwards or sidewards, except you'll turn your head to the left or right (locomotion walking style)To crouch you'll need to press a button on one of the controllersDid I already said you'll navigate menus by looking at them? This continues to ingame menus like your inventory..The developers obviously replaced the mouse input with the HMD. And, on top of that, the official HTC Vive instructions are out of date and are missing an update since about four months.In its current state, this game doesn't deserve the label ""VR ready"".Edit: Well, the developer corrected me (see comments) and stated that these are technical issues. However, the walking style I described (now cut through) is still a somehow strange default. And whilst the menu navigation is due to the used unreal engine it still hinders me from enjoying this game in VR, in its current state. Let's have a look once there is an VR related update incoming."
76561197989195131,Not Recommended,313630,26362705,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ari_zwag,Pros  - Good graphic novel.Cons - Fixed ending.
76561198043742066,Not Recommended,313630,26667638,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fuxorator,"Of the 7 games that I brought when I got my HTC Vive, this is the only one that supported both the HTC Vive controllers and a standing play area (as opposed to room scale, which I just don't have space for) - so that is a massive plus for this game. The down side - I just don't enjoy the game. The graphics are very very poor on the Vive - as if you are rendering at 200 x 300, everything has an ugly white edge around it. And there is only so much time I can spend wandering around at night trying to complete mundane objects like cutting some burnable stuff with no knife before I get bored. Also, spend some more time working out how to better use the Vive controllers - because what you have is convoluted and difficult to use."
76561198007367099,Not Recommended,313630,29552157,Posted: 28 January,all,Wufei,"This game could have potential, but instead is just a basic linear walk-walk-walthrough game, with some minor spookes on the way and some major irritation moments. You can hardly call it a survival game either, where as there is always more than plenty of water and food where ever yo go. So basically there is no point in having this in the game. Also, forget all other sources of illumination. The first tourch you build, will last forever! Just don't jump in a lake with it..."
,Not Recommended,313630,35315226,Posted: 29 September,all,hairy nipple,It's a walking simulator with survival elements
76561198097641030,Recommended,313630,24150124,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Decapper,"After you adjust your movement setting to all ticked on for the Vive plus change wine to strafing this game becomes a hole different ball game. The controls aren't quite up to onward but they are close enough(besides if you touch the side of the touch control still turns you).I sort of hated this game at the start, as you could cheat with the teleportation system and it was broken. With the above settings and update this game is now a must. Hopefully they do one more update to bring it to onward movement."
,Not Recommended,313630,26685358,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,YubYub,"If you like games that are snooze fests, this game is for you. If you want a game with 'cool landscapes' to see what VR is like, be prepared for disorientation. This game is full of shiny surfaces, an annoying restricted field of view, objects at all depths and a weird player perspective. the 'crafting' system is litterally just cary 10 things and click on other things every now and then."
,Not Recommended,313630,26570471,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,stvly,"Kinda neat, but kinda boring.  Survival doesn't make up for lack of combat system.  I don't have the sense of wonder I would have if the same game included a sense of danger from a hostile force, in addition to the elements."
76561198062772897,Not Recommended,313630,26735210,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,voidpointercast,I expected a less linear gameplay and was hugely disappointed. Some elements of the game are interesting but the lack of possibilities to explore killed any motivation to further play this game.
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,313630,23543960,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Indrigis,"The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Very crudely, in this case.The Solus Project is a lazy effort that fails at being even a decent game, not to mention a good story-driven survival game.Survival: Food and water are plentiful, the torch you build within ten minutes of starting the game is permanent as it never runs out of fuel and gves you heat and light for the entire game. The torch can be extinguished if you dive into water while holding it but if it's in yout inventory, it's completely safe. Being frozen is a real danger unless you wisely choose to nap for 10 hours so it's +30 degrees outside, rendering the soaked/frozen part moot.Puzzles: They are not. The extent of puzzles is ""Press a button"", ""Put a rock onto a button"" and ""Throw the teleporter disk into a narrow opening"".General design: It's an Unreal fanfic, and a mediocre at that. Everything reminds of Na-Pali, including the two races, crucifixes made for a four-armed victim (although race C7 has two arms) and the ""stone tablets translated by your PDA"" plot delivery. It's also clearly visible that the map designer simply loves cloning hexagonal pillars with the same size and texture.Plot: It's seriously bad. Firstly, the entirety of the game is ""gather parts for a radio tower to phone home"" with no deeper reasoning and, more importantly, all the writings on the stone tablets that you decipher have no influence on the protagonist's actions even if they... REALLY should. And there's no intrigue whatsoever. The voice acting from the radio operator is quite good, though.Exploration: You don't need to. The only really useful items are the backpacks that allow you to hoard more stuff, but you don't need most of the ""very rare"" items. On the other hand, in a few places the game devolves into Item Quest. Because the only way to break weak stone walls is a mighty hammer, useful only for breaking weak stone walls and taking up inventory space otherwise.So: Bad design, an excuse plot, poor puzzles, a poor survival mechanic and, ultimately, confusing and needless lore. Good intentions, bad paving."
76561198034085355,Not Recommended,313630,31127669,Posted: 13 April,all,frejesal,Don't buy if you're planning on using this for VR. Everyone who enjoyed this as a VR experience must be utterly delusional. The controls are HILARIOUSLY bad and counter intuitive. Everything is ugly and badly optimized for VR. There are many far better games designed for VR from the ground up.
,Recommended,313630,21308761,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Godislove4u,a beautiful dramatic and epic game it will be a classic with ark so popular this will go over very well i love people because Jesus loves me
76561198138173255,Not Recommended,313630,23600199,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,johnwest3324,while the game looks amazing and is stunning with the details put into it the story isnt as well thought out with just a few main tasks to really worry about its over before you know it unless you spend alot of time looking for there secert stashes that really dont have any effect on the overall game play thru ( you can search and search but just a time filler nothing more.)  with nothing to attack you except the occasonal black smoke spike ball the game is well for lack of better words a complette waste of time and money to purchase.i do not recommend and fully regret giving the game a shot at its current price tag aside from the grapgics there isnt much else to it.a big 2 thumbs down
76561197990917690,Not Recommended,313630,23545698,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PixelWisp,"I'm reviewing the HTC Vive support, so that's experimatnal, keep that in mind.I read the mixed reviews, decided to plunge in and see what it's like.Not good. Not good at all. If you want to like this game, you can probably adapt to do so. But it requires some effort and a leap of faith. Unfortunately though, at this point, it's not a very good VR game.But, please keep in mind that VR support is experimental. No one is promising you great VR support, so they really tell you that up front, and it really is not ready for prime time.I guess my advice is tread carefully and keep your expectations low."
76561198167092024,Not Recommended,313630,25377829,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Slappynipples,"This game doesn't explain how to do anything really. It just expects you to know what to do to progress through it. In some cases those types of games can be great games but this one just gives you nothing to start out with and expects a lot from you. I tried to sawim to a windmill like objest on another island but I met the edge of the map in the middle of that body of water. I went back and tried to explore the cave, it said to find a way in. So I go above it jumping my way up the inclined terrain. I see that theres nothing on top so I make my way down and slide down a 45 degree smooth hill. That's right a ♥♥♥♥ing hill, No sharp rocks here but guess what I die.Subnautica is game of the year compared to this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,313630,26297039,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,devans2373,This game was a blast. So well developed. If this game was $100 I'd still buy it. I love this game
,Not Recommended,313630,31242128,Posted: 19 April,all,rogermorse@tablet,"I didn't like this one...I feel sorry because the exploration of an alien planet seemed very promising. I am not very fond of survival games, but I really love exploring and using objects and inventory. Survival is not really hard in this game I think, but the exploration part really lacks in terms of entertainment. In 5 hours what I saw was pretty much always the same, and the story was developing in a very ""meh"" direction....not very immersive and scenery is pretty much always the same. The beginning was great but then I just felt I was getting very unattached to the game, instead of the opposite."
,Not Recommended,313630,30331596,Posted: 4 March,all,Visc,"I want to like this game and it looks like it will be an awesome experience in my HTC Vive, but it won't let me get very far without crashing :(It's also very difficult to get past the main menu screen, where the vive controllers don't seem to do much, and the VR teleport mechanic occasionally puts me inside structures.If I can get further than the starting cave without crashing, I'll come back and revise my rating, but for now I can't recommend this game for use on the Vive. I commend the devs for working towards adding support for VR though!"
76561198037497566,Not Recommended,313630,33835030,Posted: 27 July,all,Voodoo CHF,worst vr game controlls I ever played :-/
76561197995171799,Recommended,313630,26250725,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Goz,"Good game, fabulous graphics."
76561198292615116,Not Recommended,313630,24643988,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,vinnie4639,Support for HTC Vive is not adequate - I requested a refund. Controls are not inuitive making interactions difficult. Basic actions are clunky and pull you out of the experience. It's a shame because I was really looking forward to it - there are SO many short / demo games for the Vive that nail controller support and interaction - really keeps you immersed. Solus really needs to improve Vive support.
,Not Recommended,313630,23913545,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Castleberg,"I don't easily get motion sick, but after approximately 5 minutes of this game, I opted for a refund. The intro was cool enough, then--your introduced to the game mechanics. First and only time I have felt like throwing up. Pass."
,Not Recommended,313630,24021991,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kadon Alastyre,"I personally LOVE this game, but until it's optimization issues are fixed, I will not recommend it to others until."
76561198051501262,Not Recommended,313630,26378565,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kaigamer2002,This game has probably the worst controls of any game i have ever played. Its horrible! Also the graphics are not up to scratch.
76561198089710254,Not Recommended,313630,24643866,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jay,It gets pretty boring after a while. you get lost pretty easily
,Not Recommended,313630,25219387,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,no,"After completing this game I am left with a feeling of having endurer.It was grind, the Forward Vector guidance was about as useful as the wife with map reading, without the arguments just vague 3 dimensional directions as to the end point in relation to current position, except when it decided to disappear. I felt I spent most of my time not knowing where I supposed to going or what I was susposed to be doing when/if if got there. The game didn't flow or lead you through a stor, it happened around you and you got snippets.There is a good game in ther but it fails to deliver by simply presenting too many WTF am I supposed to be doing now moments. However if you are prepared to live with the vagaries it has some good stuff in there."
,Not Recommended,313630,29517987,Posted: 27 January,all,s_leverson,4gHz i7 with 12gb memory and GTX 970 and lower settings still makes game unplayable. Stutters too much and i surely think upgrading GPU isn´t the solution
76561198009879558,Not Recommended,313630,26364143,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Cocker Spangle,The ending of this game is horrible. It was a good amount of work with a very boring end. Wow...
76561198167272269,Not Recommended,313630,28145666,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Perkulator Furiåsa,"Disappointed. The sounds and environment was nice, but it didn't require much in the way of thinking, it was mostly 'finding stuff'. I need more puzzles. Maybe there's more further into the game, but I can't be bothered to play more."
76561198141014330,Recommended,313630,29358640,Posted: 19 January,all,zl Nexus,"Thia game should have been multiplayer or at least co op! The elements in this survival game are some of the best ive ever seen! tornados that can huirt the player rising and descending water, snow and harsh rain and lightning strikes! game would have made alot more money if it wasnt single player"
,Not Recommended,313630,23459937,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,i208khonsu,"The game is not designed for roomscale as described. I was willing to give translation movement another try, but this game's controls are not up to the task. At best you can press forward to walk in the direction you're looking, but straffing is still locked the left and right of your playspace. Absolutly terrible. This is not a game designed for VR."
76561198084969960,Not Recommended,313630,21378010,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,morgezuma,"I love a good survival game, too bad this isn't one.The map limits you to a few narrow corridors. What passes for the survival element is your fading food, water, and sleep meters. Replenishing these feels more like a chore than an adventure. There are no real options available: just hunt around for cans of food, refill your water bottles time and again, and try to figure out how the designer intended you to worm your way into the next area. Rinse and repeat.The opening and cut scenes are tedious, but the game play graphics are great.I wouldn't recommend this game. Well, unless you think it's fun to look for keys to unlock the next area while gathering conveniently placed food/water to reset your food and water timers.If your idea of survival involves wide ranging choices, random discoveries, random dangers, and the freedom to venture into the forest or scrounge along the beach, forget it."
76561198135026772,Recommended,313630,21377108,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rav3n,Aliens can't be all bad. I mean they left me a giant pot of all you can eat alien guacamole in a cave. How bad can they be?10/10 would eat here again.
76561198080647536,Not Recommended,313630,23469399,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JohnPodesta,"I really tried to like this game. The trailer looks amazing, and so does the overall design. But that's about it, otherwise the game is just plain boring.  It's basically a science fiction walking simulator, endless levels and neverending caves, and you have to search every square inch of it like a lunatic to find the rare items that give you upgrades...It could be considered relaxing for people who are just to lazy to go out for a real walk, but then you have to constantly satisfy your needs for water/food/sleep which makes the game terribly annoying.you leave an area and get a message, e.g. ""1 of 10 secrets discovered"". so you turn around and spend another two hours searching everything upside down while running out of food and water until you give up and just move on. I guess I'm just not masochistic enough to like the game"
,Not Recommended,313630,31169120,Posted: 15 April,all,Ozben,"Looks terrible. I bought it for VR and it is just horrid. Controls suck, graphics are even worse. I can get over bad graphics but not these kinds. Every line is super grainy. Turned up the resolution % and it skips frames like crazy.1/10 because the trailer looked cool"
,Not Recommended,313630,23444590,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Devilish,"You never know until you try, but this one is a must pass for HTC Vive owners. The game intrigued me, but only minutes into playing it I could tell it must have been hastily adapted to VR. The ""walking"" in the game is instantly disorienting, and very soon after, nauseating. The walking mechanic they implemented using the trackpad to move around has the sensation of the world suddenly moving around you - basically virtual vertigo at the press of a button. I couldn't recommend this game to anyone wanting a VR experience. It's definitely overpriced compared to other more polished VR-centric experiences on top of the vertigo problems."
76561197970339916,Not Recommended,313630,26339533,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Boag,"No tutorial, shame. the concept looked really good!"
,Not Recommended,313630,30380565,Posted: 7 March,all,GreiBush,"This game doesn't seem to work right in VR.  It has a slow, boring start.  The controls just don't feel right.  I find that I don't care about the story at all.  I think more game developers should try to port a game into VR, but it should be a game that works well with the format.It might get better further into the game, but I really don't feel like putting work into it."
76561198043449231,Not Recommended,313630,34059210,Posted: 6 August,all,Ecclesia86,"Fun game, until you are stuck on top of a mountain when hypothermia starts setting in and there is not a single place within reach to heat yourself.Screw hypothermia, it's the one thing ruining this game/story."
76561197985342238,Not Recommended,313630,34847471,Posted: 9 September,all,ropiav,Impossible too run this game with an Oculus Rift.A lot of people get the same error message as me but no help from the devs.I asked for a refunding
,Not Recommended,313630,25296554,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Strider,Do not recommend for VR.
76561198052417309,Not Recommended,313630,26504811,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,john.braeside,"Monotonous, look-for-the-needle-in-the-haystack again, then again. Find the key. Find the next key. Then find another one. No brain required. Gave up when noting new happened, again, and again, and again, and again."
,Not Recommended,313630,26489468,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[RIP]Snowfox(IKA),"I know there are Youtubers hyping this up, but trust me, its nowhere near that much fun.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄iSOLUS GAME ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Not Recommended,313630,21486788,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Drethelin,"Played for just under 2 hours so far. It's very pretty and fun to explore at first, but the scenery quickly gets somewhat repetitive (especially in the caves) and the survival/roleplaying elements feel very tacked on and pointless. I think I'd PREFER it to be a walking simulator, rather than a walking simulator that sometimes makes you press b to sleep or build a fire. Also the teleportation device is stupid and frustrating: there are constant barred doors you could BLATANTLY stick the disc through if the game would just let you."
76561198115974308,Not Recommended,313630,23463286,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nennoh,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME FOR VR!!I noticed this game under the Game Preview category for Xbox One, so I though why not try it? I absolutley loved what was given to me, it felt very immersive and made you want to keep playing and uncover the secrets within this desolate planet. Then I noticed that it released on Steam with VR support. I was very exited and bought it immediatleyfor my Vive, but to my unfourtunate surprise it was honeslty♥♥♥♥♥♥ The controlls are so wonky, for example you can't even walk to where you are looking, you need to change your view with the controller then you can walk in the direction you want. Not to mention the graphics got a bit of a downgrade. They just overall totaly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the VR portion for this game which really sucks. I'm very dissapointed because I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't. So, in conclusion, DON'T get this for VR but its pretty solid for playing normally."
76561198302067021,Not Recommended,313630,23444812,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RickPlaying,Sadly this is just not working for me.Looks like it could be fun.But the VIVE controls seem almost random.I've read through the discussion and still couldn't manage to getto the point where I can make a torch!Have to refund. I would like to try this again in a few months timeafter some better VIVE reviews come along.So not for VIVE users.
76561198242869976,Not Recommended,313630,23535691,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,HavaGeek,"Currently it is not really playable. I get sick instantly and wasn't able to find a good graphics setting with GTX 970. The aliasing is also pretty horrible. If they can fix these issues to that there is an okay framerate without horrible horrible aliasing, it would be playable, but right now I can only play it for 5 minutes."
,Not Recommended,313630,23444663,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cyrix,"Vive VR review:Controls are dog♥♥♥♥♥♥Performance is ****ing terrible (i7-4770k, GTX 970)Anti-aliasing actually makes the graphics signifcantly worse no matter what settings you useDevs seem responsive and hopefully VR experience will get improved with updates. I'd say hold off for now if you were hoping to play this on your Vive.EDIT 8/24/16:Game is still broken on the Vive. It's not even possible to get out of the intro area that you start the game in because multiple features do not work correctly in VR. If you want to play this on your Vive, wait another year and see if they've made significant improvements. I feel that I wasted my money."
,Not Recommended,313630,23494795,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[AA]Alph43oss,"I got my HTC Vive a few days ago and out of the 20 games I have, this is the first that made me so ill that I started sweating and had to take my headset off... I feel really bad right now and I wanted to enjoy the adventure.PLEASE DO NOT RUIN YOUR DAY WITH THIS MOTION SICKNESS INDUCING GAME (VR USERS).- First Steam game i've ever returned.To Developers: Please fix the controls and atleast try this game in VR before saying it is ""VR ready"", thanks."
76561197970776743,Not Recommended,313630,23460544,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,morfaine,Bought for VR. Refunded because of very very poor implementation of VR.
76561198009379697,Not Recommended,313630,23463799,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Raiga,I bought this game for my HTC Vive. I was really looking forward to playing a survival game in Virtual Reality! However the controls are horrible and its hard to play on the Vive. The graphics are really blurry and look nothing like the screen shots in VR. Got a little motion sick from jumping and manual turning. The game looked fun but I don't feel its ment for VR.  I don't suggest buing this if your getting it for your VR unit.
,Not Recommended,313630,23756572,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Spoiler Alert,"In a survival game where the hardest difficulty provides no challenge and the game feels like a walking simulator, the player questions if the developers threw the survival element in just to increase sales while having no idea how to properly create a survival game. I appreciate their choice of game engine, but I don't think they utilized the tools that they were given by Unreal Engine to make their game look pretty enough to warrant a purchase."
76561198085653287,Not Recommended,313630,28572229,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,"The game in VR is a bit hard.  The controllers make its hard to walk, pick, etc."
,Not Recommended,313630,31143154,Posted: 14 April,all,[TBR] OranjeHazelnoot [GER],Bought to play it in VR. It's not as expected. Boring landscape. No intuitive controls. Makes me motion sick after a while.Want to play it in my speed without the need to collect water and food all the time to survive.Refund
,Recommended,313630,26250044,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Puss in Army Boots,I like it. No verbose review needed. It is fun with Vive and I recommend this game.
76561197960437512,Not Recommended,313630,29324773,Posted: 17 January,all,ShadowRam,"Looks great,But the game is so vague, the controls are non-intutitive, and what you are supposed to do and how to craft is just painful.There are a ton of items everywhere, you only have 12 slots to apparently figure out how to do the terrible crafting system.You are confronted with a blocked cave, with absolutely no hints on what to do, or where to go to even get you started to under how to play this game.Would not recommend this to anyone..."
76561198032078112,Not Recommended,313630,23471270,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JesusFreak,"Perhaps good enough on the rift, but not ready for HTC Vive.I am always cautious when buying something that says vive and oculus rift capable.If it's made to use with xbox controller, then it's use on vive controllers may not be polished.This game definitely has alot of potential, but I can't play it because movement using the xbox controller is actually better than using the vive controller, makes me nauseous. Having a proper teleporting system or even better a moving platform to get around the game world would  help. The controls and movement are broken in this game in my opinion. This is basically a seated experience with xbox controller, doesn't truly support vive motion controls. The game also gets kinda boring after a while just searching for stuff with long walks that makes you nauseous."
76561197999535959,Not Recommended,313630,24664110,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Fluffy Little Bunny,":VIVE Owner:I wish I could return this. It's just not fun. You walk around picking stuff up, that's the game. After hours of gameplay I got to a point where you have to assemble a communication tower. The catch is you have to walk around collecting 17 individual peices of this thing scattered around an island. Who thinks this is fun? Who's birght idea when they were making this was to have the player spend an hour walking around picking of SEVENTEEN peices of junk.  Besides that you spend the first few hours just walking though dark caves and there's so much contrast you have constant issues with lens halo's and blurriness.Edit: they let me return it :). To clarify, I just did'nt find it very intersting. The environment is not compelling enough to keep me entertained while picking up stuff here and there. For an ""exploration adventure game"" I need something more then a different colored sky, red trees, and the occasional odd plant to keep me entertained. I go hiking frequently in RL and spending my free time walking around a bland and sterile simulated environment picking up junk to maybe use later is not what I got a VIVE for."
76561197971787905,Not Recommended,313630,24607404,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Darkmoon,"I must have been playing a different game... Textures all looked low resolution to me and there seemed to be a lot of aliasing (overriding the 1.5x super-sampling I have on?).  The production values were laughable in the introduction with 'cuts' between the same scene.  The VR controls have a crouch button? Seriously?  It's VR, I'll crouch myself!  The 'sliding' locomotion style is vomit inducing.  Never pushed much further with this game... I experienced all these unpolsihed things within the first 30s and it put me right off.  Vive, GTX1080."
76561197965999299,Not Recommended,313630,26342938,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,*@,"Slow, choppy, no mouse when settings. Will uninstall, another game with no mouse  to change settings. Graphics choppy 2 Gigs of Graphics with 4 core.  Wish I know this before I purchase."
,Not Recommended,313630,25140869,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,T.R.O.S. Emissary,This is ported to VR worse than No Man's Sky was ported to PC.
76561197996527498,Not Recommended,313630,28810314,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kawablur636,"The movement controls are a swing and a miss. They tried, unlike most games so far, but failed. I think they should have gone with more traditional movement controls."
76561197993979053,Not Recommended,313630,26425896,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,john_david_rhodes,"This is poor, got bored after 20 minutes"
,Not Recommended,313630,23448046,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,-=☣CRAZE☣=-,"Purchased this for the VIVE, this is very buggy, do not recommend. Requesting refund."
,Not Recommended,313630,23462047,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SlurpyDurpy,"Had high hopes going into the game after all the reviews. I only have 40 min and that's because I could not take another moment of this. Graphics made my eyes tired and dry. Gameplay was boring and really lacked anything interesting. ""Story"" is avarage at most, it does very litle to get you intriged or interested. The game feels like a railroad ride with tiny mechanics atached to make it feel less like a game where all you do is walk. Trully hoped it would be much better than this. Might give it another go after a few more updates and maybe even change my review, but as it stands this is simply something I don't have any desire to play.Pros:-Story-PuzzlesCons:-Story is nothing interesting or new. Could not keep me interested.-""Crafting"" Not the best, really plain and blend.-""Puzzles"" are nothing that will get you thinking. Feels like it's just there so you don't just walk around the entire time.-Controlls, The game doesn't have the best feeling to it."
76561197970838973,Not Recommended,313630,23679962,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mrand3rson,"You combine rocks to make a sharp rock that still looks the same.  Neat.  Are you holding the sharp rock or is it the one on the ground still?  Who Knows!You can only walk forward with a vive controller using a d-pad.  Because the other 3 directions on the d-pad were too difficult to figure out how to program.Some use interactions are indicated by an orange glow, others aren't.  Can you eat the food in your hand?  Probably Not.To sleep, you press the right controller d-pad to switch the left hand PDA screens, then change the hours indicated with the laft controller d-pad, then go to sleep by pointing the right controller at the pda and pulling the trigger.  SERIOUSLY??This game is garbage.  Do Not Buy."
,Not Recommended,313630,23509226,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,beeskeeper,Control is terrible on the vive and like other reviewers using the vive this game make me feel sick.
76561198042347689,Not Recommended,313630,23445476,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,nick24nac24,"Bought it for the Vive. Difficult to use on it....As of now, i would not recommend for the Vive, until it is improved.Keyboard and mouse may be interesting, but i did not try it."
76561198010877775,Not Recommended,313630,23674050,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[SC]Aly,This SUCKs so badly in VR. they most not have focus alot of time into that but i will look forward to when they have.
,Not Recommended,313630,23914204,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,biggie,It's a good game if you can get the dam thing to not freeze just to get in the dam loading icon screen. wait for them to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥then buy it.
,Not Recommended,313630,25280179,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,RDnicks,"I played the game for a few hours, then it was apparent it was terrible."
76561198171853341,Not Recommended,313630,25088610,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,selim.sheta,"Lacks optimisation, it runs poorly even on the lowest possible settings. If you don't have a $3000  dedicated gaming rig, forget about this game. Also, life functions are fun for like 5 minutes but then you realise you spend 50% of your time feeding you character and making sure he's not too cold etc... gets annoying.Tho I should add that this game has an interesting story and universe, as well as nice graphics (but you'll see them at 15 fps)."
,Not Recommended,313630,23459133,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Fucking Fakes,Interesting game but these god damn meteors are killing my enjoyment quite a bit. Also the survival part seems a bit forced.
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,313630,23679114,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Absynce,"i bought this and returned it, the hand gadget was very difficult to read, it seemed alright at first until the story is told by a million peices of torn up paper on the ground you have to read through the crappy hand gadget. then during the tutorial you have to cut down vines that you cant cut down easily with a tool readily avaliable 5 minutes into the game, probably because I teleported past a net with the vive controllers. overall, this is a trash game for PC we know that, it showed VR promise, but it has a LOT of bad ideas that make the experience tedious and not enjoyable. Im here for an engaging experience in VR, this game did not come close to providing. tear up a book and leave it on the ground in your room, its about the same. #refunded"
76561197976107670,Not Recommended,313630,23508105,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,513_Osiris,"this is a great concept that is so far in terrible shape.  I've seen more polished ALPHAS let alone betas or full releases!  The keybindings break if you try to change them and cannot be restored (you ahve to REINSTALL the entire game)  movement in the game is hilariously bad, Many of the games features are poorly explained if explained at all, and the oculus rift that they claim is supported does not work (supposedly there's some overly complex workaround to get it to work, but it has not ever worked for me, and I've done some janky stuff to get my DK2 to work with stuff before)I guess they spent all their time on the story but I'll never know because the interface is so awful that I doubt I'll force myself to trudge through long enough to find out.I would get a refund ASAP."
,Not Recommended,313630,26327412,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"This game is in desperate need of some in-game objectives! I crash landed and had no idea what to do. I spent 30 minutes walking around with nothing to do. I guess you can say survival is the objective, but I can survive by conserving my energy and just staying put at the crash site. Now how is that fun!?! In terms of exploring, there were tons of things there, but all of it pretty useless to getting me off the planet.When I stopped the game it told me I had not built or found a communication tower. Well thanks for telling me when I'm quitting. I wish you would have told me earlier. Not that I know how to build a communication tower or where to find it, but at least I would have something to try to obtain. How am I supposed to know that is what I should be doing?"
,Not Recommended,313630,23924290,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,H3W1TT,"does not work very well with oculus rift, got a refund"
,Not Recommended,313630,23446887,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Razor,"In it's current state, for Vive gamers I can only recommend against this. The movement scheme is terrible and nausea inducing. The controls don't make any logical sense. I wish the developers well but saying this supports VR... nope. Please implement controls similar to The Lab, which I consider the current gold-standard for Vive."
,Not Recommended,313630,24362910,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,lil Joshu,"VR review:Currently, HMD doesn't display game when entering menus... this makes it very hard, especially during the text tutorial at the beginning. (Win 7, 64 bit, AMD GPU/CPU)"
,Not Recommended,313630,24243937,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jebediah Hambone,"This is a genre that I really enjoy. And up until 18.8hrs of game play, I really enjoyed this game. In my book, that makes it worth $20 if that was the end of the story. However, just before what seemed to be the end of the plot, a glitch took me back 3hrs of game play and my inventory lacks the item to continue since it was already removed."
76561197992978919,Not Recommended,313630,25195222,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SwagwiseGanjaOfSwagEnd,Not recommended use in VR.
76561197972119024,Not Recommended,313630,28211805,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,D@fT_TuX,"Loading time makes this game non immersive at all.Slow, slow, slow.Nice music."
76561198268414865,Not Recommended,313630,29432538,Posted: 22 January,all,Darksky2021,I have played this game for 5.6 Hrs now and all i have to say is WOW what a rip off of lost the TV Show. here is a listLost The show1 stranded on a island2 wreckage every where3 weird creepy stuff going on the island that makes no sense4 weird Eqyptian art5 killer black smoke cloud6 cant swim off the island even know you can clealy see buildings off in the distanceI'm sure there are more just did not see at the time. this games sucks
76561197984576500,Not Recommended,313630,30776519,Posted: 27 March,all,Moonshadow,"Boring, Tedious and slow......."
,Recommended,313630,23335960,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,Good sci-fi adventure VR game. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,313630,23448104,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,skookiesprite,http://us.blastingnews.com/tech/2016/06/htc-vive-finally-gets-a-showcase-game-in-solus-00957343.html
,Not Recommended,313630,23772112,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,WhamBamBigelow,"Booted game up excited to play heard great things. Booted in VR mode for the oculus. get started on planet and game won't stop spining.Got spinning to fix, character now does not follow my head movement when looking left to right... :("
76561198123969901,Not Recommended,313630,31120724,Posted: 13 April,all,Kalrizion,"I believe the day/night cycle was too fast and the rate at which you needed to eat and drick was too fast compared with the fact that the only direction you get is how to drink water and hide in a cave, I'm not sure if my game was bugged but I did not enjoy the 5 minutes I played for the $20 I spent."
76561198032323815,Not Recommended,313630,33332069,Posted: 6 July,all,Uncle Rukus,boring.
76561198008281514,Not Recommended,313630,26288864,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,VorteX,"boring, pointless walking simulator (supposedly a survival game but surviving is almost automatic unless you really let yourself die) set on what is perhaps the least interesting alien world ever designed. Got tired of it rather quick, and i usually enjoy the genre."
,Not Recommended,313630,26306929,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,geobeck,"Tried playing it twice, but it has crashed both times: first time after adjusting settings (reducing video quality), second time after introductory video. I might try again after reducing settings again, but I'm a bit underwhelmed by the video so far."
,Not Recommended,313630,23446841,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,AzureanStudios,"Restarting my review because I made a rookie mistake: I played Hardcore Mode right from the start. That's because I was expecting a hardcore, sci-fi survival experience mixed with discoveries that felt rewarding, and intuitive enough of UI, UX, story and gameplay to get me through the game, even on hardcore mode. (""Hardcore"" after all, refers to ease of survival, not intuitive player gating, progression, quest & waypoint systems, and puzzle hints)What I got instead was a handful of deaths, and I never once figured out how to get out of the ""starting area"" (again, in Hardcore Mode)—so this is my fault, and I should dial back a bit on my criticism of the game. I'm sure if I played an easier mode I would have had more guidance.But what *still* troubles me is finding out that *spoiler alert* --------------------> the starting area isn't what the whole game is like. That's, I guess, why I was jumping around on basalt columns. I thought it was an open-world experience that was meant to continue on the other, nearby islands as I continued to discover beautiful shrines and etc. Instead, apparently, the cave is pretty much where you *have to* go to get anywhere, and apparently the cave leads to nothing but more cave-ness.Imagine playing Skyrim, but by the time you get to the first ""dungeon"" of the game, you never go back out into the outer world to continue exploring. That's how the Solus Project feels (as of yet), and that's why I asked for my money back. I paid half the price of Skyrim for what I thought would be an indie, sci-fi, survival/suspense version of ""half the game"", so to speak, but that is definitely not what I got.I think I was jumping around on basalt columns because I was hoping that WOULD cause me to get somewhere and make progress in the outside, survival-world. Maybe the developer should implement that, because according to most reviews, once you enter the ""main cave tunnel"", the whole survival element goes out the window.Why not expand on the outside world, and put some fallen ships with treasure in them at the top of a path of basalt columns? That would be a much more rewarding dynamic than what people are finding in the game as it is.I still want my money back for this game, but I don't hate it. A lot about it was very good, but it was *not* a final release for VR or for PC, and it should therefore not (yet) be sold at the price it is sold at, unless it's declared an early-access price. I found plenty of bugs and so have many others.This game needs more time in the oven for VR development and more focus testing for the PC version. I will keep an eye on it and re-purchase down the line if it is A) sold for the price of an ""unfinished experience"" or B) brought up to the standards of a true $20 ""final game"" in the survival game category."
76561197972500417,Not Recommended,313630,23507542,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jake the Virtual Hedgehog,"I don't want to be overly critical, but I was unable to continue forth with this game. On my vive, the navigation quickly turned my stomach. I've logged plenty of hours with my vive across 50 different games and experiences, but this was the first to make me feel uncomfortable.The visuals were also not on par with what I would hope for $20. The abundance of small text seems like such a poor choice  for a VR game, and staring closely at my hand to read quickly removed me enjoying the world around me. I may have been willing to push through the queasiness if the game had been more instantly engaging, but unfortunately I will be requesting my first Steam refund ever.I'm sure many people will enjoy this but I personally would spend that $20 elsewhere."
76561197970569968,Not Recommended,313630,23503245,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ETN,Poor controlers support.Game crash
76561197998807108,Not Recommended,313630,28300257,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Milton,On the Oculus....So slow gameplay and boring. Really really boring. Too much wasted time on the first  hour of this game. Life's too short for this amount of wasted time. Get to the point quickly or not at all. Really slow walking around a boring crash site. Crafting is poor and it's just boring. Did I say it's boring. Man this game sucks!
,Not Recommended,313630,31575957,Posted: 6 May,all,The Mortiest Morty!,"I can't recommend this game. Last time I played it, the performance was terrible on a GTX 1080.  There's no actual VR interaction like a normal VR game. This wasn't built from the ground up in VR."
76561198083015862,Not Recommended,313630,32807363,Posted: 26 June,all,jorninator,very bad vr support
76561197979512168,Not Recommended,313630,34045254,Posted: 5 August,all,[TTS] HICKS,Doesnt render well at all in VR even with great PC and GPU spec.Getting dissy right away and bad graphics in VR I would say. I've seen better!
76561198024978965,Not Recommended,313630,23446076,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,virdog,"This is NOT a review of how fun the game may be.If you own a Vive DO NOT get this game, (yet) and if you do, DO NOT try it standing up and with the wands,  especially if you do not have your VR legs.  This is not a game where you can just start playing blind.  It is not terribly intuitive at first.  The rest of my concerns are mostly on par with the other Vive users that do not reccomend this game.  I will wait a while for some polish.EDIT - words, now that i am not suffering from VR sickness"
,Not Recommended,313630,26335631,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hedikin.dk,i found this game boring.
,Not Recommended,313630,25034652,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Technical,"DO NOT BUY THIS FOR THE HTC VIVE! After an hour of gameplay on my vive I was bored out of my mind. The game was nausiating and had nothing to do. This game may be fine with a controler, but not in VR."
,Recommended,313630,21307334,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,El Chapo,buy this game or go ♥♥♥♥ yourself69/69 would die of hypothermia again
76561197992122863,Not Recommended,313630,23526678,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bruisr,This game has a long way to go. It's too early in dev stages to be worth $20 right now.
,Not Recommended,313630,26337539,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SvenBrandt99,Just don't buyAlmost no tutorials
76561198338938233,Not Recommended,313630,28689756,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kennethwessel,"i played this only an hour or two so far, and don't like it. it involves drinking when thirsty, eating, keeping warm, sleeping, and crafting, all of which i dislike in a game. Too many keys to remember, and i made very little progress in this game. inventory managment is annoying cause you can only carry so much, and yet you have to have water, food, a torch, etc just to stay alive. so not much room for extras.so i'll start a new game, since i died already from over exposure to the cold, but i don't have high hopes.i probably haven't given it a fair chance yet, but so far i'd give it 2 stars out of 5."
76561198037873117,Not Recommended,313630,23449471,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Waxer,Thougt i would try this with the VR vive.1. Very bad use of the controllers2. Very hard to read teksts.3. Buggy char movement.Not for vive users.
76561198293842820,Not Recommended,313630,29806423,Posted: 9 February,all,gmsatt,Not much fun.
76561198039842791,Not Recommended,313630,24536679,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SlickWilly,"BOOOORING - Watched the last 2 hours of the video game on youtube instead and uninstalled the game.When I got to a room, where you had to slide 4 columns around in a stupid straight line to hop from column to column to get to the other side, I knew this game was going to suck.It's sad to think that after so many years of Call of Duty and Medal of Honor, Half Life and Battleground, this game didn't even rise to even 1/4 of the capabilities that it could have.  Waste of time and money."
76561198258975042,Not Recommended,313630,22202609,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,atch64,"Hello,Not very compatable with Windows 10,WAY TOO SLOW!In away wich I had not bought it,doin't know if a fix will help."
,Not Recommended,313630,30800581,Posted: 28 March,all,FlyByPC,"Really, really terrible interface. I wanted to like this -- it looks like a neat game, but after finally figuring out that to read a piece of paper on the ground requires targeting it with the right hand while looking at the text as it slooooowly comes across your 1980s-era PDA screen, I gave up.I don't have time for this. Please post a patch when you figure out workable VR ergonomics. Play-test it on people and listen to their comments. If you have to explain how to pick up a piece of paper on the ground, or if someone who has been gaming for decades takes more than ten seconds to figute this out, try something else."
76561198039907588,Not Recommended,313630,23465915,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,G[B]H Bestial - Deus Vult!!!,"Are you serious!? i cant believe i payed 20$ for this game ,  what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥, HTC VIVE"
,Not Recommended,313630,23510015,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dmayan,"Already outdated graphics, and a pseudo open world basically scripted gameplay, conjugated with the worst ending I saw in a PC game. Not recommended"
,Not Recommended,313630,24365870,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Unfettered,Tremendously poorly designed game. I spent the first several hours getting stuck between pillars in the I'll design environments with no way to get out. Forced to restart the game because there is no way out and my save stuck me between the pillars. Beyond dissapointing experience.
76561198069853846,Not Recommended,313630,23472860,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++,Not ready for VR
,Not Recommended,313630,28209586,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Bad Mr. Frosty,i didnt care for it
76561198245578154,Not Recommended,313630,27434132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,foraccts,"This program is too rough to be used at this point, crashed my box x2 and second time I had to reset the bios.  Never got past the first levl, or hardly even into it.  Just too buggy at this point.  Sorry I paid for it."
76561198067475979,Not Recommended,313630,21359355,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,darrelmostyn,good graphics dont make a game.. game play does which this so far is lacking
76561197972341515,Not Recommended,313630,23930873,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,biopharmacist,Absolutely horrible.  I walked around an island for 15 minutes...with nothing to do.
76561198130305959,Not Recommended,313630,24007115,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SORRY MY DMR,"This will ruin Vr Adventure Games for You. I Highly recommend staying far away from this Game. I played 23 minutes of it and Felt bad about owning a Vive for the First time. Hell, This Game Made Rethink how I feel about Early Access, just total Rubbish. The Developer would Do way more Justice to this Game if he just Pulled it and Worked on it Non-stop for atleast 6 months. This is the First steam Game I felt the Need to Vent About, Hopefully this Doesn't leave me Bitter Going into Futurw Vr Adventure Games."
76561198149387300,Not Recommended,313630,34489779,Posted: 25 August,all,A MINI VAN,not a fan
76561198208510203,Not Recommended,313630,24113394,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,UTF-8,"The f**k game,I can`t understand anything about it.  Just a sh*t!啥辣鸡游戏，完全搞不懂怎么玩，这钱花的莫名其妙"
76561198125864630,Not Recommended,313630,21653561,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,nsǝɹuɐɯǝ,My computer can't start it for some reason!
,Not Recommended,313630,26253631,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Wolfbeast,"Massively dissappointed in this game. I expected it to be a lot more engaging and interesting than it turned out to be -- perhaps it's great if your expectation of planetary exploration is spelunking or dungeon crawling.Perhaps it's a nice VR title, and great if you actually have the equipment to play it as such, but apart from smart marketing and unrealistic promotional videos, this title is very underwhelming. 20 minutes in, it's boring. Another 10, and you're wondering why you even dished out money for it..."
76561198140637715,Not Recommended,313630,23975988,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,...,"how can i throw away ♥♥♥♥ing device with anoyying numbers, im not gonna play this"
76561198355579023,Not Recommended,313630,28658249,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,templetonangel,"Totally stupid. I paid ten bucks for this game for it not to load the first level withoutfreezing up and making me have to restart my computer. I tried rebooting, shutting down, deleting my game and re-downloading it,and everything else. Nothing worked. This game sucks."
,Not Recommended,313630,28650578,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,Confusing and hurts eyes!!
,Not Recommended,313630,31676964,Posted: 10 May,all,Sneff,I can not recomend this game as it will not load on my computer. After trying the recomended fixes as wel las reinstalling it it just wont load.
,Not Recommended,313630,24589252,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Cancer,"This game has a crouch button. If there's a crouch button it's not VR (unless it's a hydraulic wheelchair simulator, which this game is not). The Gallery does a MUCH better job at VR."
,Not Recommended,313630,33266425,Posted: 5 July,all,l.garattoni,"So, the left-handed cannot play. The usual form of racism.  As usual developers don't consider left-handed.Luca GarattoniCTO Game Designer @ Vae Victis Games"
,Not Recommended,313630,23700058,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BOO,its ballsunfortunately i hit the 2 hour mark right when i was gonna refund it
76561198167686193,Not Recommended,313630,28886730,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Triceracop,"the game is pretty gud until you get to this ""puzzle"" where you have to move pillers and the puzzle is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not fun and makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense that i never want to play this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game again."
76561198083356833,Not Recommended,313630,23631263,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ehrmagurd,"Imagine you're playing an amazing game, which is very immersive and impressive graphically. Just imagine that. Then open your eyes and realise you are actually playing this game.That is this game."
76561198021404511,Recommended,313630,23447186,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ddoubledeuce,"**Update** YES!  Fantastic, so much better - this is the only long-form game you'll find for the Vive so far, and it plays so well with the new improvements!**Updated** Still Not quite ready for Vive just yet.This game definitely has potential - the intro is really cool, and the environments (what I've seen so far) look pretty good.However, this game isn't quite Vive ready yet - here's what's broken or is needed to get this ready for a Vive release:Different movement scheme - a simple point in the direction I want to go and click and hold the touchpad to walk in that direction would suffice.  As it is now there are several movement options, all of which rely on treating the touchpad like a joystick, and none of which work well.  Don't do this - it's confusing (especially when trying to suss out how head-decoupled steering should work - the point and click method above gives you that 'for free')Inventory - there is no UI (in the vive, not sure about on a monitor).  Cycling through the inventory is no good.  Check out Call of the Starseed's backpack system - it's pretty straightforward, and doesn't require any additional buttons.Having the tricorder thing in one hand with all the info is cool - but why is that the only thing I can have in that hand?  I should be able to pick up anything with either hand and use it (so the control button maps should be symmetrical).Don't need a crouch button.  I understand that physically crouching will be difficult to resolve (adjusting the colliders in UE4 dynamically... I know), but don't do it with a button.So, for now, if you want to play on a monitor or seated VR with a controller, it seems fine, but with the vive controllers, it's not quite there yet.Other than that, from what I've seen so far, fantastic job!  I'm looking forward to updates!**Update 1**:This last update did some to improve the experience, but it still isn't quit there yet.Movement:- Teleporting is good, however it breaks a few places in the game (I can teleport through barriers that I clearly shouldn't be able to).  Personally, I don't mind 'artificial locomotion', and in this case I would prefer it if when you pressed forward on the left touchpad, the pawn moved in the direction that the teleport marker is facing (since this faces in the direction the controller is facing).  This would allow the movement not to be locked to the head rotation or the 'forward' vector of the play space (the latter is super unintuitive).  This might not suit people who are more prone to sim sickness however, so the teleporting is good - but I think it's resulted in a few content bugs.Tutorial- It's helpful, and informative, however, reading lots of text in vr is unpleasant.  A show-then-do approach might be better - similar to the beginning of the game instructing you how to build a torch.Control Layout- I still feel like a more symmetric approach to the control layout for the vive is better - I keep having to refer back to the control layout diagram to remember how to do things.  This might mean removing button-based interactions in favor or more 'physical' interactions, which generally 'feels better' in VR than complex button mappings.Glad to see the progress though - I'll definitely keep watching for updates!"
76561197991243175,Recommended,313630,21370883,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Xebec,"7/17/2016 - Finally revisited this after the feedback below and this game hitting release. I am changing my marking to positive for the following reasons:- Excellent Experience on Oculus Rift (Very atmospheric), with one exception*.- Cave ""go back to beginning"" problem no longer seems to be there- Excellent graphics- Preliminarily (need to play through game) - the story seems interesting.I look forward to playing more shortly!.*Devs: There needs to be a way to retract the tracker/info device even further away from your face.  Even 'lowered' it still feels high on the rift, blocking a large portion of the ground.2/21/2016 - Have to go the negative route.  This game is beautiful - the sound is great - and attention to details are generally good.  But... this is a completionists game -- find 1/115 items, sniff out 1/60 secrets, etc etc..  The cave in the first mission requires you to go back to the very beginning if you don't pack one item.  Too.. much.. work for a ""fun game""."
76561198078193774,Recommended,313630,24120329,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,cellulit,"UPDATEAfter the July update controls are MUCH BETTER. Menu works much better (hey, I can turn on anti-aliasing now!). PDA is finally usable. Congrats!Now I can start playing... Oh no, dehydrated and died... :P- - - - - - - -PREVIOUS VERSIONNo, this game isn't ready for Vive (yet). Can't get through the main menu w/o a pad, can't navigate easily and the use of controllers isn't intuitive. I'll give it a chance a month from now. Today, it's negative. Anti-aliasing is non-exisitng.ps. Non-VR gameplay still OK."
76561197968559405,Recommended,313630,22738172,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pie Face Poo Face,"Updated a lot and improved.  When I first purchased this game I was an Octopus DK2 user... Now a Vive user and the game works well.Motion controls, locomotion.Survival/crafting on alien world."
76561197970335260,Recommended,313630,22984973,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DoomDalek,"Looks like they fixed the janky stuff that was breaking it, much better experience now, thumbs up from me!"
76561198128165426,Recommended,313630,22992149,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DeathDealers,aaa yea its a pretty good game' although the question is what type of gaming are you into this is the type of game that has pizzles and exploration in it as you can see already ' and it can be breath taking at times with how the atmosphere drags you in but it does get a little bit excessive' near the end because of this. all in all thougth its a pretty good game id give it a 6 out of 10 since im not really good at pizzle games myself  but if you like pizzle games i think youll quite like this one. of cause if you have the gear to run it'''
76561198002558509,Recommended,313630,23605909,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Im Salt,A game that has a lacklustre crafting system?Im all up for it!
,Recommended,313630,23440095,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Anarchy,The black scary tornado is all I need to recommend this game.
,Recommended,313630,28336807,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,NightFox,"Best science fiction, adventure, terror, puzzle game that i have played. Love it <3"
76561198052674173,Recommended,313630,25324609,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SkyeRise,"This revision 4 of the game after another play session in the recent past. I have to grudgingly admit that I have about gotten my money's worth from this game and then some. The atmosphere is great and the glitches got less and less. The devs really did work. At some point I might even finish the game.So here I am, changing my review to positive. It deserves it. Not an AAA title, but then it doesn't pretend to be. For what it costs, you do get a nice experience - probably even better if you have VR."
,Recommended,313630,29177125,Posted: 10 January,all,DraXion | UW,"As promised, they added Oculus Touch Support. I like this game now."
,Recommended,313630,24124048,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RxStud,"As of 3/3/17:I just started playing tonight and WOW! It's amazing in VR. I'm using the Vive and just WOW! It's going as one of my favorite games on it. It's not even my type of game (I prefer fantasy/action) but in VR it just looks so amazing that at night I just wanted to sit down and relax enjoying being in an alien world. Bravo, just bravo! The trackpad locomotion works really well too! I honostly didn't want to get off but it's late here."
76561198139384484,Recommended,313630,28562590,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rad,"Really good game, definitely worth checking out. The story gets more intense and interesting as you keep playing, the views in this game can be really impressive, and the game has its own unique climate. The negative side of the game is that some of the puzzles or riddles can be repetitive."
,Recommended,313630,21368476,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,VEGAS JORDAN,Just imagine : Prometheus' ambiance but with a freakin' good storyline and Myst-like mysteries.
,Recommended,313630,27474887,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NyZe,without lying...this is the best game i ever played (in my opinion) 10/10would recommend again
76561198141017354,Recommended,313630,28665065,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Turmoilx,"buy this game if you like cool weather graphics,long storyline,dungeon exploration it also does have quiet a memrable experience id recommend it , its like no other game a few cons is one of the textures they use for a dungeon wall kinda sucks and the ending imo also sucks butthe weather effects are 10/10 and storyline,exploring makes it 100% worth it im thinking of replaying it soon but it just takes so long to play through"
76561198413251069,Recommended,313630,35215005,Posted: 25 September,all,Daft DNA,"One of the best experiences Ive had in VR, so far!"
,Not Recommended,313630,35188224,Posted: 24 September,all,andersonmatt1125,"UI constantly is glitching out in VR. You will be in the inventory menuand be unable to see it, but all of the controlls will not work properly. Sometimes it glitches out and you'll only be able to see it in the very outmost peripheral vision. You'll have to physically turn and glance to the side in order to see the inventory.The game also has no idea ""where you are"" in releation to the playspace. Almost as if it assumes the player is in the center of tracked area, and bases collisions off that point insstead of where I actually am. There's plenty of spots where you have to navigate around in cramped spaces, but the game refuses to move my character because it's not actually tracking where I'm standing.It might be an interesting game overall, but playing it in VR is basically not viable from my experience."
,Recommended,313630,35203720,Posted: 25 September,all,hankwk,Great exploration/adventure/survival game.  Interesting story.  Great visuals.  Worth your time!
,Recommended,313630,35260308,Posted: 28 September,all,Ambious,"Starts off as a run-of-the-mill walking and exploration simulator, ends up being an enthralling and gripping mystery-driven experience with elements of horror that had my heart racing (Played on a VIVE)"
