user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198048974498,Recommended,313780,33691568,Posted: 21 July,all,rjmacready,"Not so long ago, in a review for a game called At the Mountains of Madness, I bemoaned the distinct lack of quality Lovecraft adaptations/homages in the games industry. Time to swallow my words, methinks, as a bona fide good'un has finally graced us with its presence.I haven't yet played Zoetrope Interactive's Darkness Within series, so all due apologies if THOSE games beat this one to the punch. I don't tend to leap at point-at-click adventures these days, but when I saw this was the same people doing a full-blown first person game, I couldn't resist. And, I'm pleased to say, I don't regret one cent of the twenty dollar price I paid for it.Right off the bat, what this game reminded me of most were the Penumbra games, which all you true horror game buffs should know were the ""spiritual predecessors"" to the Amnesia series. Perhaps it was all the ice and snow, sure, but the slow-building style of gameplay was there too. It wasn't long, though, before I found a ""trophy"" item which gave another clue to this game's glorious origins: a book entitled ""At the Mountains of Madness"", written by none other than a fellow named H.P. Lovecraft! Well how about that, then. Maybe that book has influenced a noteworthy video game after all.The early part of this game won't please those who don't like extensive exploration and a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of reading, with only the occasional hint of something more dangerous and supernatural lurking in the background. Believe me when I say you can search things pretty thoroughly in Conarium...though it can be oddly selective at times (i.e. you can look in the three drawers on this desk, but not the one next to it; and no, we won't let you open that particular book, despite the tantalising title which suggests you probably should). There's also a bit of puzzle-solving, which varies from easy-peasy to challenging enough that I felt quite chuffed with myself after single-handedly solving a morse code-related riddle (I'm generally pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at puzzles, gimme a break).It isn't TOO long, though, before the player is drawn into a time-and-space-twisting tale of cosmic horror worthy of Lovecraft himself. But wait: is there any danger, I hear you ask? Well...let's just say there's a little - you CAN most certainly die - but not a whole hell of a lot, no. Enter expecting a world of wonder as opposed to a constant bombardment of perilous events, and you may well find yourself as bedazzled as I was.All in all, a crackingly good old-school adventure, told with spiffy new graphics, highly immersive sound and, well...passable enough voice acting. And please, whatever you do, don't listen to the people spouting the usual ""this game isn't long enough"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's more than long enough for what it is, and if we don't start acknowledging that indie developers don't have the same means of producing high quality 25+ hour games as AAA companies, we'll have no indie developers making awesome games like this any more. The megaplexes are already full of mindless dreck thanks to this mentality. Let's not see our beloved video games industry go down the same tedious ♥♥♥♥ing path.Verdict: 9/10.(PS to the devs: that first ""chase"" sequence adds nothing to the game. Lamely executed and incongruously difficult, Red Barrels have nothing to fear from you guys as of yet.)"
,Recommended,313780,32625681,Posted: 21 June,all,AXXZOR,"I was interested in this game as a fan of Lovecraft and it truly delivered. The game is filled with great Lovecraftian imagery and mythos, a must play for any Lovecraft fan."
,Recommended,313780,32226540,Posted: 6 June,all,CjuGames,"Having loved the Darkness Within games, I was very much looking forward to playing whatever else Zoetrope Interactive had in store, and so far, this game hasn't disappointed.Inspired heavily by the story 'At The Mountains Of Madness' by H.P. Lovecraft, you will take control of a scientist attempting to discover the true limits of nature on an Antarctic base. Unfortunately however, you wake up with a strange device attached to your arm with little memory of what has happened to you and your crew. There's a distinct feeling of something being terribly wrong.The gameplay seems quite similar to Darkness Within 2 in the way you'll wander around the antarctic base interacting with various items, whilst trying to understand what happened to everyone and where you fit into all of it. You have your inventory where you can use and examine items, as well as a journal to record important pieces of information and documents you collect.Controls are intuitive, graphics are sharp and the audio brings an eerie ambience to your efforts.Recommended to fans of the Darkness Within games and the stories of H.P. Lovecraft.Be warned though, to fully appreciate this you'll need to read quite a hefty amount, which might not be your thing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4YEm2LCCdE"
76561198044265919,Not Recommended,313780,34333253,Posted: 18 August,all,Svartulf,"Conarium is a love letter to Lovecraft.  Unfortunately, it's scribbled in crayon.Pros-(Mostly) pretty visuals.  The graphics are decent.  Each distinct area is interesting at first.Cons-Awkward writingThe characters' lines are unnatural and uninteresting.  Characters state the obvious and repeat themselves frequently, in more words than necessary without adding any clarity or flavor.  If you're looking for a good imitation of Lovecraft's writing style or convincing period dialogue, you'll be disappointed.  Half of the rambling musings you'll read in the notes scattered in random drawers are nearly incoherent, and not in a way that generates intrigue or dread.  Word choice is strange-- modern phrases are interspersed into the flowery prose that struggles to convey anything worth saying.  It's possible to be deliberately vague while still using precise, evocative language, but this game goes overboard in trying to create a sense of mystery and just ends up being incomprehensible.-Poor voice actingCheesey from start to finish, and not in a deliberately campy way.  Granted, given the script they were working from, it would be pretty hard to make any of the lines sound natural, but there's nothing compelling here.  The belabored droning of Dr. Faust doesn't inspire apprehension or loathing, just impatience with his character, and the main character is equally bland.-Rushed pacing and obtuse plotLovecraft's work generally followed a pattern: Ease the reader into the story with a believable, mundane setting, told from the perspective of an intelligent, credible, skeptical narrator, and then sustain the reader's suspension of disbelief by gradually hinting at the strange, horrible truth by degrees, finally culminating in a single mind-shattering glimpse at some nameless cosmic horror, at which point the narrator loses his mind and the story ends.Conarium starts off mundane enough, and then dumps in aliens, the necronomicon and madness within the first 10 minutes.  It has nowhere to go from there.  There's very little building of tension or intrigue, and the interesting plot hooks introduced early on are mostly left unresolved.  It feels like a collection of Cthulhu mythos cameos rather than an attempt to mimic Lovecraft's storytelling style.-Tedious gameplay90% of the game is scouring every square inch of each room looking for items, which include the aforementioned scraps of journals and letters, keys, levers, and trophy items.  You'll spend a lot of time rifling through cabinets and drawers, for what feels like very little payoff.  The trophy items seem like they should be significant, but you only get a very basic description of the items, which is generally so bare-bones that simply looking at the object makes the description unnecessary.There are a few puzzles, which are either as simple as ""find the lever"", or time-consuming but not difficult.  A few of the puzzles require you to copy something out of your notebook, which is a simple task made frustrating by the clunky inventory/journal/puzzle interface controls.There are only 2 times you can die in the game.  One is from crashing your submarine into walls, which, in tandem with the ungainly sub controls, discourages you from exploring the environment.  The other is from a chase sequence that amounts to trial and error.I finished this game with the bad ending, but was so tired of playing when it finished that I had no desire whatsoever to replay it and get the better one.Should you buy this game?  Only if you really like searching through peoples drawers and reading really bad prose."
76561198025666928,Recommended,313780,32299066,Posted: 9 June,all,ozamK,"Conarium is thrilling adventure game inspired by Lovecraft's ""At the Mountains of Madness"". We are playing as Frank Gilman who is one of the group of scientist trying to explore and understand the limits of nature and what's beyond it.Pros*Great story*Amazing art design and amazing level design overall*Level of respect developers gave to the Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos is insane*Different endings*Sounds and musicCons*Such great story could have been told way better*Not much interaction with the environment, just looking around and readingI liked basically every moment of Conarium and if you are a fan of Lovecraft's work you will probably feel the same. But keep in mind though, there is a ton of reading involved and if you are not into reading you might get bored easy and also miss a huge part of the story. Also, this is not a game like Outlast so if you are expecting a horror game full of running and hiding this one is not for you.80/100"
,Recommended,313780,35098818,Posted: 20 September,all,424 apologist,"this is semi-advertised as a horror game despite having very few monsters that are laughably easy to deal with. it's more of an atmospheric and suspenseful puzzle game/walking sim than a horror game, which isn't a bad thing. after getting all the endings, I can say pretty assuredly that this is one of those ""the journey is more important than the destination"" games, since the meat of the game is pretty good while all the endings are varying degrees of unsatisfying."
,Recommended,313780,32238348,Posted: 7 June,all,Netberry,"Zoetrope Interactive’s Conarium is a short, Lovecraftian horror that focuses on delivering tension and atmosphere above high-octane scares. Its slick production values make falling into the eldritch mystery easy, but some lackluster voice acting and cumbersome puzzles threaten to sabotage an otherwise entertaining adventure.Players assume the role of Frank Gilman, a researcher stationed in Upuaut, an Antarctic base caught in the midst of a severe snowstorm that has knocked out power and isolated the research team from any hope of outside communication. Waking up to find his memory shattered and his colleagues missing, Frank must piece together the events that led to Upuaut’s downfall and discover the fate of his fellow researchers. Conarium wears its Lovecraftian inspiration on its sleeve, with Frank’s quest taking him on a dizzying journey into the abyss of cosmic horror. Though there is a short and simple plot, it feels as though the developers focused their attention on establishing an atmosphere for the player to experience, rather than on delivering a story that stands out on its own. The game’s narrative is billed as a follow-up to H.P Lovecraft’s At the Mountains of Madness, meaning players well-versed in that tale are likely to draw greater enjoyment from the story unfolding in Conarium, as well as the many nods and winks the game grants toward Lovecraftian miscellany in general. That said, Conarium’s short story is shallow enough for players unfamiliar with Lovecraft’s work to grasp without problems. Just be warned that there is little more than reference and reverence to wring from this experience.As you might hope to expect, Conarium’s story dwells on unknowable, ancient terrors that lie beyond the brink of human comprehension. It’s a measured story that delivers its beats at a guarded pace; a refreshing reversal of what’s become the norm for the horror genre. There’s plenty of room to take in the scribbled notes, scientific journals, and phonograph cylinders you’ll find as you explore Upuaut station — and to enjoy some surprisingly detailed environments, rendered in the Unreal 4 engine. It’s hard not to be reminded of Frictional Games’ Penumbra in Conarium’s opening chapters; exploring the ransacked Antarctic base, through abandoned mess halls and crew quarters, is eerie, uncertain, and even thrilling.But as Frank descends into the prehistoric cave systems that lay deep beneath the station, Conarium struggles to maintain the momentum so carefully established in its opening act. Some unwieldy puzzles threaten to frustrate, including a line-drawing puzzle that can only be beaten if the player draws a symbol in the exact sequence of strokes used by the developer. A good puzzle should draw you deeper into the mystery, while a bad one will have you second-guessing the developer’s intent. Such encounters wound the immersion on which Conarium exclusively trades.For the most part, there’s no threat of death or failure as you continue along, through the labyrinthine caves and ornate alien halls that constitute the remainder of Conarium. Though eerie, the lack of menacing encounters and focus on puzzle-solving and exploration gives Conarium the feel of a macabre adventure game. Eventually, a few rudimentary chase sequences help to prevent players from feeling entirely at ease, and these are straightforward enough to make frustrating repetition unlikely.It’s at around this point that, having spent its inevitable Lovecraftian reveal, Conarium appears to flounder in wondering what, exactly, to show you next. As it does so, you’ll bounce between flashbacks and the present day before a bewildering – if not, admittedly, appropriate – final scene. There’s a second ending to be witnessed, and a smattering collectibles to scoop up if you’re so inclined, lending some replayability to this otherwise short-lived experience, but it’s likely you’ll be wrapped up in less than five hours. Given the asking price of £14.99, that’s no great crime, and makes the game especially appealing if you’re looking for a bite-sized bit of cosmic horror to fill up a dark and stormy evening."
,Recommended,313780,32285355,Posted: 9 June,all,Cream-of-Plenty,"QUICK NOTES:CONARIUM is a horror game that draws directly from H.P. Lovecraft.  Although the puzzle elements are simple, the areas are fairly linear, and the horror/monster aspects are (mostly) restrained, it would be somewhat disingenuous to label this a ""walking simulator"".  Can be beaten in approx. 4-5 hours and has two endings.  This game should primarily appeal to people who like Lovecraft and/or fans of ""strange fiction""/cosmic horror games--but for average players, the game may feel too simple or short at regular price.The developers had their work cut out for them when they took on Lovecraft's work:  Confining his writings to paper leaves the imagination to fill in the blanks when it comes to all of these strange creatures and environments that are supposed to transcend understanding.  It's a lot harder to maintain that impossible/unknowable ""weight"" in a game or movie when theplaceis a physical thing you're navigating like any other place, and thecreatureis standing in front you like any other creature would.Yet the developers do an admirable job for the most part, and it's pretty clear that they're fans of Lovecraft and the greater ""Cthulhu Mythos"".  While I believe the game is supposed to occur post-""At the Mounains of Madness"", it is set in a handful of different locations to help with variety (so you won't be stuck in snow the entire time).  I don't want to spoil too much, but for such a small project, they were still able to tell a story that spanned bits and pieces of arctic bases, subaquatic ruins, desert temples, and alien places.  And although this game never looks particularly stunning, there are some pretty beautiful environments nonetheless.  Aesthetically, they really nail aspects of mythos, like the grotesque statues and iconography too.But to be clear, this is not a horror game in the vein of Outlast, Penumbra, Dead Space, or Alien Isolation. The game is devoid of almost anything resembling a jump scare and, true to Lovecraft, the ""horror"" elements are based more on the isolation and strangeness of the setting--the remote environments and the bizarre statues, the concepts of madness and of man probing the deepest recesses of cosmos and the mind alike.  The game probably won't make you jump or your skin crawl.  There is no combat, and while the player can die in a number of ways (including at the hands of an actual enemy), the gameplay chiefly consists of exploring a variety of areas in a roughly linear fashion, solving basic puzzles and collecting exposition in the form of audio, documents, and artifacts.Puzzles aren't difficult, nor are they always intuitive.  In one example, an alcove is furnished with a series of cubbies--about 15-20 of which have crystals in them and unique symbols beside them.  If you inspect one of them at random, your character is likely to remark that he has no idea what to make of it.  However, there is exactly ONE particular cubby that the character will recognize, and it is critical to progressing.  I imagine a lot of players clicked on a few of them and, after eliciting the same ""who knows?"" response 4-5 times in a row, gave up and searched elsewhere for clues.  Even after seeing the symbol he ""remembered"", I wasn't exactly clear on why that one in particular was important/memorable--it was part of a previous puzzle, but so were a bunch of other symbols.In another example, you get a device to project a humongous symbol (that clearly corresponds to another puzzle) on a nearby wall--however, you can't progress until you physically walk up to the projection and reveal a contextual option to interact/examine it.  It's like six feet wide, I can see it just fine from over here!Additionally, dialogue is often awkward:  I.E., a researcher observing ""[a dead city]...with lots of mummified bodies"" and another doctor excitedly noting in his journal ""what insane discoveries we've made..."" before remarking that they had to focus on ""some mental disorders"" of the crew.  It's rarely egregious but it's frequently lame enough to make you question whether or not the speakers/writers are actually doctors/biologists/botanists.  Lovecraft was known for using an antiquated vocabulary (even for his time) and while the efforts to ape his style are admirable, they don't even come close to imitating it.  As a result, some of the text feels more like a writer trying to ""dress up"" their material with a thesaurus.  Still, it's easy enough to handwave the writing as pulpy 1930's ""strange fiction"" and get on with a story that is interesting enough.But all in all, I feel like Conarium achieves what it set out to, which was tell a cosmic horror story without getting lost up its own♥♥♥♥♥  I imagine that some players will find the game is too simple, or too short.  Admittedly, I would have also been really interested to see what this developer could have done with a larger crew and budget.   However, Conarium seems to be further proof that these types of games CAN work, and is certainly worth a look for anybody interested in exploring the genre.PROS:+ A pretty faithful embodiment of elements from H.P. Lovecraft's stories that will likely appeal to fans of the Cthulhu Mythos+ Runs great performance-wise; won't win any beauty contests, but still looks good+ Covers a decent range of environments in 4-5 hours of gameplayCONS:- Dialogue/Writing isn't always great- Most will find the puzzles too easy- The chase sequence is just tedious.  The game just doesn't have the mechanics for this sort of gameplay:  The AI is rudimentary and dumb, capable of magically homing in on you if you simply stand up (even out of sight) but is blind as a bat while you're crouched; the player is relatively slow and can't jump, lean, crawl, or climb; areas don't really have places to properly hide or evade, so you end up crouch-hugging a wall while enemies obliviously stomp around right next to you and you wait for their AI to randomly send them in the opposite direction long enough for you to progress."
,Recommended,313780,32228976,Posted: 6 June,all,Dr. ziBnAf,"I am a huge fan of H. P. Lovecraft. Best game I have ever played in this genre was Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, published by Bethesda. For many years I haven't found any games came close to its quality and the atmostphere it created. But now, I feel a bit relieved that Conarium, finally may take this over and set the new standard for Lovecraftian games in modern days.The game is well made with attention to details: the environment and atmosphere Zoetrope has created are just right on the point, exactly something I would imagine that exists in Lovecraftian's world - ""Fear the Unknown"" is exactly the phrase that could rightly describe the gameworld showing to you.Graphics can be expected since it uses Unreal engine - I am using GTX 1080, smooth like chocolate. Audio is great, pretty much what I expect from a horror game: the sound of footstep, door openning, notes reading, all such associated sound effects just add up to the overall atmosphere, 1st class I would say. Then comes to the reading - there is a lot of reading in-game, but just like reading HPL's books, it makes you feel that you are in that world for real, and the more I read, the more that I fear the Unknown.Overall 9 out of 10 since I haven't finished the game yet, but I am a bit afraid that the game might be a tad short in length with little replay value. However, like i said, it's a great game, especially considering the scarcity of HPL type of games on the mkt, this is a must-have for HPL and horror fans to collect.Good job Zoetrope Interactive, with Darkness within 1 & 2 in the past, now we have Conarium - may I say that Zoetrope now is one of the best game studio for telling Lovecraftian stories? Praise the Unknown!"
76561198071594947,Recommended,313780,32243205,Posted: 7 June,all,pinwolf,"There now lay revealed on the ultimate white horizon behind the grotesque city a dim, elfin line of pinnacled violet whose needle-pointed heights loomed dream-like against the beckoning rose-colour of the western sky. Up toward this shimmering rim sloped the ancient table-land, the depressed course of the bygone river traversing it as an irregular ribbon of shadow. For a second we gasped in admiration of the scene’s unearthly cosmic beauty, and then vague horror began to creep into our souls. For this far violet line could be nothing else than the terrible mountains of the forbidden land—highest of earth’s peaks and focus of earth’s evil; harbourers of nameless horrors and Archaean secrets; shunned and prayed to by those who feared to carve their meaning; untrodden by any living thing of earth, but visited by the sinister lightnings and sending strange beams across the plains in the polar night—beyond doubt the unknown archetype of that dreaded Kadath in the Cold Waste beyond abhorrent Leng, whereof unholy primal legends hint evasively. We were the first human beings ever to see them—and I hope to God we may be the last....I have said that Danforth refused to tell me what final horror made him scream out so insanely—a horror which, I feel sadly sure, is mainly responsible for his present breakdown. We had snatches of shouted conversation above the wind’s piping and the engine’s buzzing as we reached the safe side of the range and swooped slowly down toward the camp, but that had mostly to do with the pledges of secrecy we had made as we prepared to leave the nightmare city. Certain things, we had agreed, were not for people to know and discuss lightly—and I would not speak of them now but for the need of heading off that Starkweather-Moore Expedition, and others, at any cost. It is absolutely necessary, for the peace and safety of mankind, that some of earth’s dark, dead corners and unplumbed depths be let alone; lest sleeping abnormalities wake to resurgent life, and blasphemously surviving nightmares squirm and splash out of their black lairs to newer and wider conquests.All that Danforth has ever hinted is that the final horror was a mirage. It was not, he declares, anything connected with the cubes and caves of echoing, vaporous, wormily honeycombed mountains of madness which we crossed; but a single fantastic, daemoniac glimpse, among the churning zenith-clouds, of what lay back of those other violet westward mountains which the Old Ones had shunned and feared. It is very probable that the thing was a sheer delusion born of the previous stresses we had passed through, and of the actual though unrecognised mirage of the dead transmontane city experienced near Lake’s camp the day before; but it was so real to Danforth that he suffers from it still.He has on rare occasions whispered disjointed and irresponsible things about “the black pit”, “the carven rim”, “the proto-shoggoths”, “the windowless solids with five dimensions”, “the nameless cylinder”, “the elder pharos”, “Yog-Sothoth”, “the primal white jelly”, “the colour out of space”, “the wings”, “the eyes in darkness”, “the moon-ladder”, “the original, the eternal, the undying”, and other bizarre conceptions; but when he is fully himself he repudiates all this and attributes it to his curious and macabre reading of earlier years. Danforth, indeed, is known to be among the few who have ever dared go completely through that worm-riddled copy of the Necronomicon kept under lock and key in the college library.The higher sky, as we crossed the range, was surely vaporous and disturbed enough; and although I did not see the zenith I can well imagine that its swirls of ice-dust may have taken strange forms. Imagination, knowing how vividly distant scenes can sometimes be reflected, refracted, and magnified by such layers of restless cloud, might easily have supplied the rest—and of course Danforth did not hint any of those specific horrors till after his memory had had a chance to draw on his bygone reading. He could never have seen so much in one instantaneous glance.At the time his shrieks were confined to the repetition of a single mad word of all too obvious source:“Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!”(from 'At the Mountains of Madness' by H.P. Lovecraft)"
76561198017581477,Recommended,313780,32531166,Posted: 18 June,all,ourBenefactors,"Lets keep this short.First 30 minutes of the game in 1440p if you want to watch.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7WYp7XGrUkThe game runs smooth and feels nice and polished, no fps drops, well optimised.Can be played with mk or controller, i use xbox one controller.Graphics are great, Unreal engine at its best.Story is good. Some of the puzzles are more difficult.Game can be finished in about 5 to 7 hours.This is not a horror game.Do i recommend it? Yes.Is it worth the 20 price tag? Yes.I enjoyed the game a lot."
76561198108031310,Recommended,313780,32844413,Posted: 26 June,all,Captain Cuddles,"After finishing this game to its conclusion, I must say, it was quite the experience. The graphics were quite good, with some framerate drops here and there. Nothing to get into a fuss over though. The story is bizzare to say the least, with the main character on a quest that spans the normal to the far reaches of imagination. As the discription says, it deals alot with the works of HP Lovecraft, namely that of Mountains of Madness. So the story is very cryptic and strange. But overall, I enjoyed the experience and found the ending very bizarre and strange. Also, there are alot of puzzles, ranging from easy to hard. A very solid game."
,Recommended,313780,35015461,Posted: 16 September,all,Didjit,"This isn't a game so much as a story. Sure, ""walking simulator"" is the pejorative some like to sling, but that misses the point. It's about discovery. Discovery of the story, the history, the characters. So if you come at in from that angle you'll probably enjoy the ride.  For such a small team the developers deserve much credit for creating a very polished game. The graphics, textures, animation, shader effects, and sound design are comparable with much larger outfits. However it's not without its weaknesses. The puzzles are a mixed bag. Most are ""find the missing piece"" or ""match the picture"". But some had me searching for ever for that less-than-obvious missing piece. One in particular had a pretty obscure solution that I only managed to ""solve"" by intuition and luck. And another felt like they had designed a bigger puzzle but then turned it into a simple ""missing piece"".In summary:decent story-telling puzzler with a few rough patches. It's short (about 8 hrs for me, and I exploreeverything). But well done for an indie game.  I got it on sale, and I recommend you wait for one too."
,Recommended,313780,32235398,Posted: 7 June,all,EalDrakiaz,"I spoke by mail with the dev team (a nice guy fast and concerned), and they will have a solution soon. (probably a simple button in options to switch from azerty to qwerty)Never seen a dev team who answer so quickly to a simple customer, so it's a first good point for dev of this game. :)Well, I will finish my comment on the game after finishing it, but I can say for now that it seems so cool after just less than one hour of gaming. Seems other fans of Lovecraft will enjoy as much as I will ;).Sorry for the first upset overreaction of this morning, I was frustrated and scared the dev team could feel as concerned as Dean Hall for DayZ. But well done dev team, seems you are good guys. And I really want to say it here. :)(PS : I would like using a qwerty keyboard, but in France we don't have it, we just have the azerty one)(PS² : please don't hate me cause I am french :p)(original comment :No way to play it with an azerty keyboard ? Seriously ???When dev change that, I change my eval to make it positive.Why some english / american dev think the entire world have qwerty keyboards......................And alt + maj doesnt work. So.....lets move forward pressing W key ? No way.For now :I did alt + shift to change keyboards azerty to qwerty, but it doesn't work.I told it to the dev. They answer me it would be changed soon, with fully customize keys.I tested the game one half hour, and it seems really good. At the second they let player change keys, I will change my eval to positive, cause the game deserves it.I just did not understand why the game can be translate in french, but people with azerty keyboards cannot play it (for now, I wait the customization to come).)"
76561197972710279,Recommended,313780,34099250,Posted: 8 August,all,Wayfaerer,"Conarium is a first person horror adventure game that is based on the Cthulhu mythos. The story of the game is heavily inspired by the novella ""At the mountains of madness"" by H. P. Lovecraft. It's not a long game and can be finished within 5-6 hours. Note that this is not a walking simulator like Ethan Carter or Dear Ester.I do not play a lot of horror adventure games but I was interested due to the connection to the Cthulhu mythos and I can say that it really paid it off at the end. The game very clearly understands what makes the Lovecraftian stories and novels gripping: the fear of the unknown, the feeling of despair due to the existence of cosmic entities and races and humanity's insignificance in the grand scale. The game doesn't try to frighten you with cheap jump scares, instead by the usage of the atmosphere, environment, and story the fear slowly grows in you (I strongly suggest playing the game during evenings).Game has many references to the Cthulhu mythos. The game starts based on the ancient city in Antartica in ""At the mountains of madness"" and build upon that story by partly following the mythos and partly inventing new things.Pros:- Very gripping atmosphere and environments.- Mostly, the regions in the game feels very different from one another in terms of aesthetics and visual assets.- Good amount of puzzles which are neither too simple nor too difficult.Cons:- I understand that this is a Cthulhu game and ""not able to understand everything"" is part of the charm. But I guess some parts of the game could have been explained in a bit more detail."
76561198164016063,Recommended,313780,32301089,Posted: 9 June,all,Artemur,"WARNİNG: this game not a Survival Horror game such as Resident Evil, The Evil Within and Outlast 2. Conarium is an story driven Lovecraftian adventure game relies on exploration, too much reading and some puzzle solving just like developers previous Darkness Within games. İf you looking for gore and blood, killing zombies, crazy chase scenes and jump scaries stay away from this game because this is definitely not for you. You can also call this game a Lovecraftian Dear Esther with some puzzles and interaction.Pros- A immersive and foreboding atmosphere and surreal world created with wonderful graphics powered by Unreal Engine 4.- Calm musics and realistic sound effects perfectly fits to game’s atmosphere.- A intriguing and original Lovecraftian story. game’s story not just based from At the Mountains of Madness. this game actually sequel to Mountain of Madness.- Puzzles are enjoyable. They are neither easy nor difficult.- There are many reading materials, hand drawn drawings and folkloric themes just like DW series.- Game is not particulary scary but there is a constant feeling dread and fear of unknown.- Brillant lighting effects. i m especially impressed how light is reflecting from metalic wall decorations.- Game is closely connected to Darkness Within 2. this game actually feels like a combination of Darkness Within 2 and At the Mountains of Madness. there are some elements from DW such as Dversahe Mixture, eye symbol and Reptilian Race. Gameplay is also very similar to DW 2. İf you name this game Darkness Within 3- At the Mountains of Madness, you re not gonna be wrong.- There is auto save.Cons- Lack of character development. İ really wanted to know more about Frank Gilman and his collegues. İnterestingly Zoetrope greatly developed characters their previous Darkness Within games so we could learned too much stuff about Howard Loreid, his family and some side characters but you can’t find such a character development in this game. unfortunately lack of character development game's characters makes forgettable.- Game could have been longer. İ really loved to explore more this atmosphere and learn details about story and characters.- Unlike Darkness Within series, there is no replayability.- The mouse is so sensitive that I spend so much time trying to point at what I want to look at, operate, etc that issue causes trouble following the story.- Main character’s voice acting hit or miss."
76561197984799243,Recommended,313780,32236521,Posted: 7 June,all,Vallochar,"Oh my god, what an enjoyable game.Gameplay is fine and the graphics are really good.Sounds are excellent but the voice acting is a bit lacking. But given that it was voiced entirely by two guys you have to give them credit for what was produced.Conarium evokes feelings and memories of Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, an involving story that drags you into madness along the way.Overall an excellent, in my opinion, addition to any Lovecraft fans library."
76561198036041899,Recommended,313780,32229262,Posted: 6 June,all,Olkoth,"It drips with lovecraft! I highly recommend this gorgeous and very creepy game! I will put more of a review up once I complete it, but as it stands... Bravo!"
76561197970720161,Recommended,313780,32241743,Posted: 7 June,all,Game_Dude,"It's a decent first-person adventure with a handful of puzzles, some of them quite difficult. There are also multiple endings to the game and several hidden trophies to achieve (for instance behind breakable walls), which may or may not influence the endings. It took me between 5-6 hours to play through the game and I think that's allright for the asking price.The game features an interesting, yet somewhat puzzling story about things better left buried and forgotten.Only downside on the game for me is that I would have preferred total voice acting of the various documents and letters one finds. They are however interesting to read through and shed some light into things.Tl,dr: Lovecraftian 1st person horror adventure with few jumscares, puzzles and multiple endings. Great atmosphere!"
,Recommended,313780,32556878,Posted: 18 June,all,repdetect0,"What this game is:110% Lovecraftian exploration and puzzle solvingWhat this game is not:An outlast clone with fishpeople, nor is it a shooterThis is a BIG RECOMMEND if you enjoy the works of HP Lovecraft, and just the vibe of those works in general. It covers a lot of major themes, while also stepping occasionally into new territory, yet still completely consistant with the inherent nature of the Lovecraftian reality.The developers should be very proud of their game, and the genuine love for the source material that is clearly established in the details.CAVEAT: This game isn't a hide and seek or a killstreak game. Be very clear on that on the front end. If that is what you are looking for, then this excellent game is not it.Beginner's tip: Search extremely hard if you want to find most of the notes and backstory, I'm talking wastebaskets, overturned boxes that are hard to access, opening crates, drawers, etc. I scoured hallways and offices, then went back and found 2 or 3 fragments more, even when I thought I had cleared everything.TLDR: A must get if you enjoy anything Lovercraftian, and if you like to support smaller studios doing excellent work."
,Recommended,313780,32244575,Posted: 7 June,all,Tempest,An atmospheric Lovecraftian game. I'd say for people that value a story and a setting more than cheap jumpscares.
76561198105394701,Recommended,313780,32508663,Posted: 17 June,all,abew117,"A fantastic little game of Lovecraftian horror!  If you are a fan of ""At the Mountains of Madness"" or the film ""From Beyond"" and games such as ""Darkfall: The Journal"" or ""Eternal Darkness"" you should really give this one a go."
76561198009782843,Not Recommended,313780,32227738,Posted: 6 June,all,Atheist,"(I gave the game a THUMBS UP before the edit of the review)Darkness Within 1 is the best Lovecraftian adventure game ever made, and according to me the best game ever.This is the new game by the makers of Darkness Within and my expectations were/are high.The game is 100% Lovecraft all the way, so let´s get that out of the way.The game is worth the money so far, that´s all I can say right now. But I´m a bit worried that the game is going to turn out to be a walking simulator. I´ve covered an enormous area only 3 hours into the game, and have had to solve only a couple of really simple puzzles. I don´t know where this is going, good-or-bad-wise.For now it´s a thumbs up, but the constant moving from area to new area has got to stop. It feels like I´m rushing the game. I want to start solving puzzles to move the story forward. That´s not really happening at the moment.I´ll edit this review later on.EDIT:(Changed thumbs up to thumbs down.)No, sorry, but this just doesn´t cut it. This is nowhere near the quality of Darkness Within.The puzzels are very easy, takes hardly no thinking at all and, difficult problems or not, I felt totally indifferent when solving them. You´re not part of unlocking the story, you basically just walk around and get the story presented to you, a walking simulator.The constant traveling around to new areas was nice but the adventure part of solving problems is not there. I want it to be a thrill to get that locked door opened. Nothing of that sort is in this game.I thumb this one down. It´s not all out bad, not at all, but I was expecting something at least close to Darkness Within."
76561197970447700,Recommended,313780,32246805,Posted: 7 June,all,oneclipleft,"This game exceeded my expectations. It's dripping with atmosphere and does a great job getting you to question your sanity throughout. The story is one of those where the more you learn, the more you realize you don't know, which keeps a consistent mysterious feeling going. It's fairly short, but it feels like just the right length for the type of game it is. If it were any longer, those feelings of mystery might be replaced with feelings of boredom.The graphics, sound, and voice acting are all great. There is a run function, which is nice since the walk speed is pretty slow. The puzzles are engaging without being incredibly difficult, and most items are findable without being dropped right into your lap. Pacing is perfect as things change often enough to keep things fresh without ever feeling predictable or random.As others have said, it really captures the mood and personality of Lovecraft in a way that few other games ever have (DCotE is another great one). The whole time there's a foreboding feeling that these characters have discovered something incomprehensibly dangerous and desctructive."
,Recommended,313780,33362665,Posted: 7 July,all,kackeroth,"Thank you for this game.It is precisely the game I long for and has surpassed any hopes I'd had in the cessation of my craving for mystery, intrigue, philosophy, psychedelia and peculiarity; all delivered & designed in such a way that's made my experience uniquely idiosyncratic (i.e. one of a kind x 2).I am savoring this game, trying to draw it out as long as possible; which is not very hard due to the fact that, through playing the game, it's caused me to first read the following two books before getting to far into the game:  ""The Portrait"" by Nikolai Gogol and ""At the Mountains of Madness"" by H.P. Lovecraft.  And if there's other references to books which I haven't seen yet, it'll draw this wonderful experience out that much greater.This is turning out to be an amazing experience.Thank you for this game."
,Recommended,313780,35023672,Posted: 17 September,all,Flurdt Vash,"***For some reason Steam says I've only played 30 + minutes, with all my Achievements saying Unlocked at 8:45am ... all of them.... wtf? Anyway, My save file says 4 and half hours? Feel Free to check my Achievements, I have completed the game with both endings.***This game is 100% PURE Lovecraftian Goodness :D I have been waiting a long time for a new game to pay so much attention to detail and source material as this one does. If you are a fan of Lovecraft's Cthulhu Methos, or just ""Out There"" type Horror and Story Telling, then look no further, you have found your current destination.I was very much prepared to start running and hiding as some due to the description given on the store page, but to be honest I used these mechanics very seldom. The game is more of a Walking (Run to speed things up)/Puzzle game. Normally I'm not a fan of puzzles, but these were presented in a way that worked very well, and was not to difficult after a moments reflection. Now, you CAN Die. There are a handful of parts were running is necessary (a very nasty area were you are being chased by multiple ... things, immediately comes to mind. I have read that most people had their only real progression issue with this area, and rightfully so. I was fortunate enough to get past it on the first go and didn't exactly realize how much I lucked out until reading discussions on this area after the fact. Pure Luck.).Honestly, I wish the running for your life parts (they are very few) were not in the game. Just the story, exploration and general visuals/hallucinations would have been more then enough to make this a solid experience with out the sudden ""Oh, Lets run away now... no really its not a hallucination THIS time, Run!""I can go on about the references this game offers, I could talk for hours on why I feel this is one of the best Lovecraftian games I've played since .... well since recent memory anyway, but that would lead to spoilers and I think I have babbled enough about how awesome this game is. So, lets just get to the Pros and Cons.Pros :*Deep Lovecraftian Storytelling, taking place a few years after the events from one of his more famous works ""At the Mountains of Madness""*A pretty tight narrative. I tend to get annoyed by to much monologue in games, but this one sets a very nice tone and was quick to get to the point as you progressed.*ATMOSPHERE! This game is overflowing with it. From the moment you select New Game the creepy and all to ... alien environments grab hold and you find yourself wanting to stop every five feet or so just to take it all in.*Multiple Endings and Collectibles with Back Story. These kind of things always make for an enjoyable replay. Note, I have both endings but haven't found all the collectibles yet. (Maybe Steam will update my play time next run.)*True Horror. No Jump Scares. This game sets a tone. From the moment you start, you feel that you are being either watched or are simply just some place you were not meant to be. The creatures are mostly telegraphed but this doesn't take away from the tone or the atmosphere. If anything it gives you a moment to realize what you are up against.*Great Level Design. Its Unreal Tech so yeah we know its pretty, but what Im talking about is how the levels are pieced together. The environment just flows as you progress, much like the story itself.*Lovecraft. Lovecraft done right, with respect to the source material. This in itself is a Major Plus.Cons :*Its kinda short. Like I said I beat it in about 4 hours and change and was able to reload the last area to get the alternate ending. This will come in handy for replays sure, but the story was so good. I do wish it had been an hour or so longer.*The Chase. Maybe ... two or three times that I can think of, you are in any real danger. You spend so long doing the puzzles and following the story and admiring the environment that when it does eventually happen, your a little stunned as to what to do. ""Run away you say? What button was that, I haven't used it the last hour or so...""*(This one is more of an opinion) No Native VR. If any Horror Game out there should have been in VR, its this one. The atmosphere is practically begging to be as immersive as possible, and it succeeds, largely. However, VR support would have made it sooo much more then what it is. I used VorpX drivers to play the game in VR. Its not a perfect solution but it does work.Hope the Review wasn't to dull and that some people found it helpful. Ill be doing a second run probably tonight, the play time according to Steam is .... annoying my OCD to say the least."
76561198006956719,Recommended,313780,32267895,Posted: 8 June,all,serhat,"I don't play adventure or horror games generally. Someone from my friends should advice for me to try. One of darkness within fans encouraged me to try conarium.Atmosphere and details are great. It's a lot of fun to explore the environment and try to solve puzzles. Since puzzles are not too hard like other adventures game, it was very fun for me to see exploration part of the game without the hassle of hard puzzles. Graphics are top notch, on most part of the game, it's hard to believe this game came out from an indie team. On a lot of area of the game i just stop and stare at details and atmosphere.On technical part, i couldn't see any bug or issue. It's well optimized for my 970 to play on 1080p. I would advice this game for players who don't like adventure games also. I think it's the only adventure game i enjoy while playing after SOMA. Conarium worths the price and gives you a lot of exploration, quiet but beatiful atmosphere."
,Recommended,313780,32228792,Posted: 6 June,all,CHOOD,"I'm only about an hour and a half into the game, but it is so far one of the greatest Lovecraftian horror games ever made. It comes from the same team that made Darkness Within, so that comes with no surprise. Conarium gets the Lovecraftian atmosphere perfect, with the right amounts of dread, insanity, and intrigue. Visuals are stunning, music is beautiful and haunting, and the plot is fascinating. I will update this review upon completing the game.UPDATE: I have completed the game after about 3 and a half hours of gameplay. A little short, but worth it in my opinion. It has some decent replayability due to multiple endings and different secrets and objects to find in your playthrough. I only got the first ending, and it was a little bit underwhelming, but I look forward to getting a different ending."
76561198062128434,Recommended,313780,33731835,Posted: 22 July,all,zagan,"This game is very remotely inspired by ""At the Mountains of Madness"" by HPL, but also from his short story ""From Beyond"".  I found the first two thirds to be fairly good, with a memorable atmosphere.  Puzzles are generally fairly easy and logical.The final third is a bit more difficult to follow and to be frank a little boring.  Not worth a reread of ""At the Mountains of Madness"", but entertaining, and occasionnally haunting."
76561197974060304,Recommended,313780,32345777,Posted: 11 June,all,GasLitTales,Absolutely fantastic game. Really good story and nice exploration to find all of the secrets. My favorite part was that they didn't overuse any one mechanic and instead used atmosphere and storytelling to push the experience. Well done devs. After playing Darkness Within and enjoying it just as much I will continue to support this team and their gift for good Lovecraftian fun.
,Not Recommended,313780,34493303,Posted: 25 August,all,Lotuseater24,"Atmosphere seems okay, but the game is too much ""where's waldo"" to be good, it's frustrating how much you're expected to search for dark items in a grey room. Honestly seems like an interesting concept, but the ""gameplay"" is totally against you, and finding key items is frustratingly difficult without a guide."
76561198123412837,Recommended,313780,32230284,Posted: 6 June,all,python4161 4K,A fantastic puzzle type adventure game and i'm loving the Lovecraftian style horror to the game too. Great job devs.
,Recommended,313780,32245702,Posted: 7 June,all,Alyosha,"Only started with this game, but as a big fan and reader of Lovecraft I can safely say the team behind this game did an amazing job creating the lovecraftian environment. Very very very good chaps, also extremely atmospheric and enjoyable...It's Lovecraft all right, congratulations, not an easy feat.I'm looking forward to playing through the rest of the game.Been a while since a game sent shivers down my spine quite like this one, something between captivating wonder and paralyzing fear:-)"
,Recommended,313780,33161324,Posted: 2 July,all,Aztek,"I wasn't so sure about the game because of the so much disappointed games in this genre but Conarium not one of them.  You are listening and reading the unique story while solving the balanced , clever puzzles. You are not even have to be familiar to lovecraft story, you will enjoy it anyway. Atmosphere and areas always changing and you are never feeling like doing the same thing again. The game has multiple endings and many secrets which are you must search the clues before reaching them. Graphics are unpredictably good and detailed for an indie game like this. In short , give it a try and you will love!"
76561198055690373,Recommended,313780,32242349,Posted: 7 June,all,issarevs,"Ever since I read In the Mountains of Madness I pictured the city, the elder ones, etc...  trying to imagine what it would be like.  Finally, I got my wish to visit it!  Thank you.  The game is stable, the graphics are good, the sound is excellent, puzzles or the game mechanic is really just there to guide you along through the environment.  The atmosphere - Excellent!  The horror is really trully lovecraftian and implied rather than in your face.  If you are a Lovecraft fan, you will like it.  As a generic gamer, perhaps not so much.   At this price especially it is a steal."
76561197975859481,Recommended,313780,34540275,Posted: 27 August,all,MadMartigan,"This was quite atmospheric and an interesting play. I would recommend it especially if you're a H.P. Lovecraft fan.If you are considering purchasing it just be aware, this is not a jump scare type game, this is ambient/atmospheric horror story telling. This is not a point of contrition but you should make sure you don't jump into a ""horror"" type game without knowing its the type of horror you like. This type of game is right in the genre I like.The writing is ""okay""and the graphics are good. I would have liked a little more in the ending sequence, which overall left me feeling a bit underwhelmed in addition to feeling that we could have explored even more interesting locals and added some length and some more ""meat"" to the game. The voice acting was hit or miss. Kudos to this dev team though on this venture. I am eager to see what they come up with next.Pros:Art / DesignAmbience/Mood SettingAudioCons:Underwhelming EndingShort Experience -  This wouldn't be a con if the ending had been more fulfilling.Voice Acting Uneven in Quality and Execution"
76561198022788194,Recommended,313780,32741431,Posted: 24 June,all,Hakke,it took me six hours to finish this nice little lovecraftian adventure.this game is humble but nails the lovecraftian spirit.i´m not specially a fan of puzzles but they are okay not to hard not to easy.the game has lot´s of hidden secrets - more than i suspected and i missed some of them.there is alot to read and investigate and it´s not in your face jump-scare horror but more like slow and slightly creepy exploration.i found everything very adequate and respecting of the lovecraft inspiration.some parts are really awesome and made me forget everything else around me.i specially enjoyed the architecture and details like for example a collection of ritualistic masks that can be inspected closeley. i could have spent much more time in this games world which is a good sign.specially recommended for lovecraft fans.
,Recommended,313780,35460420,Posted: 3 October,all,Taylem,"To sum up, this is a great game in many respects- graphics, atmosphere, overall story, music and sound ... all very much a homage to the works of H.P. Lovecraft. Yet, there are a few small things that can grate on someone a bit.The game is slow to start ... I would say the first 25% of the game is pretty tedious and not very fun.The voice acting of the main character is pretty terrible ... the few other voice actors in the game do an all right job, passable but nothing to write home about.This game does require a lot of reading and remembering. It isn't for those with poor memories or observation skills; you'll go mad.Overall, not a bad game ... just don't pay too much for it because it is not overly long. In fact, pretty short and thank god because this sort of game would be murder if it was long."
76561198020340987,Recommended,313780,32698916,Posted: 23 June,all,Nᴀɴᴏɪᴢᴇʀ,Literally brilliant! Would totally recommend such an experience.
76561198025307048,Not Recommended,313780,32259912,Posted: 7 June,all,TempestFunk,"The puzzles never amount to anything more than memorizing symbols and finding hidden objects, which in itself could be forgiven, just don't go into this game expecting engrossing puzzles.The scares in this game are also very minimal. There's nothing truly frighting or unnerving. The game really lacks tension when compared to other horror games.The story is also very disconnected from the game play, lacking any real narrative beyond ""you are alone, find someone"". All the dialogue and journal entries hints at a Lovecraftian universe, but doesn't evoke any kind of existential dread one would hope for.I hit a game ending bug, which made a door uninteractable and trapped me in an area which only fixed itself when I started a new game and played up to the same point.This game is not worth the cost of entry, and not worth the time."
76561197970867101,Recommended,313780,32286695,Posted: 9 June,all,sahasin,"Conarium is truly amazing for Lovecraft fans!I'm a huge fan of adventure game,enjoyed the most of it.The environment are creepy and chill and looks really good.Some puzzle are great some are dull.I was playing with ps4 controller some puzzle needs mouse to navigate but fine so far.About 3.5hr. to beat to the game many secrets are missing in my first playthrough."
,Recommended,313780,32412799,Posted: 14 June,all,Stokes,"Conarium is a short adventure/puzzle game set in the Cthulhu mythos.  As with nearly every other video game set in the Cthulhu mythos, there is at least one truly awful segment that you are going to hate, but don't let that deter you from what is a great setting and great story."
,Recommended,313780,33546599,Posted: 14 July,all,Tak Blue,"Do you want to be creeped out, but not given a heart attack by cheap jump-scares and run-and-hide scenes? Then this is a game for you.I am no expert on Lovecraftian games or books, but I do now see that it means ""psychological horror"" in a very specific way. This game nurtures that horror in such a gradual and confusing matter which is an excellent twist on the normal development of a plot. In most games you will begin very confused and then gradually become much more aware of what is going on. This game flips that narrative in a wonderfully terrifying manner. Leaving you with a sense of dread and confusion that feels corporeal in nature.I will admit that I did not enjoy the couple of chase-sequences that the game threw at me, though not very challenging, they did feel a bit forced in comparison to the underlying horrors of the environment. The heart beat sound FX, the shaking screen, the slow following monsters? Bleh. I felt like a teenage girl in an 80s horror movie who had done something naughty in the previous scene.Aside from that single and admitted feeble complaint, I greatly enjoyed what this game offered and ended up becoming. I did at one point have to pause and go pour a cup of whiskey to help ease the nerves, and that is exactly what I was looking for, tension that doesn't end up breaking you, though you may take a break or two to remind yourself that this is just a game.Graphically it ran very well on my system with a solid 70-90 FPS at 3440x1440 Ultrawide without ever spinning up my CPU pump/fans since it is not a physics heavy game. The styling did not feel like a copy and paste of props or textures which is good, though they by no means attempt photo-realism.TL;DR:Its good. Play it. No jump scares. Much spooky.  Many Wow."
76561198147336090,Recommended,313780,33638869,Posted: 18 July,all,Releeshahn,"If you have played The Solus Project then you will like this game. Except there is no survival elements and it is not an open world where you can explore your surroundings although you can do that  but you are very limited. Graphics, sounds and music all top notch. Also the game mechanics excellent too. Acting was mediocre. Storyline  hard to understand at times as terminology used is complicated and very big words are used so wouldn't appeal to a younger audience. I put in 12 hours of gameplay from start to finish and took my time at that though I did miss some secrets and documents. Overall am pleased with the game and glad I purchased it. I would give it a 7 or an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,313780,33611809,Posted: 17 July,all,roeslerd,Great game. 9/10. Best Lovecraft game since Dark Corners of the Earth - all the positives of the Darkness Within games and none of the moon logic puzzles or bugs.
,Recommended,313780,32502400,Posted: 17 June,all,JayRob,A nice Lovecraftian story.  Lovecraft would be proud.On the short side for its price and I would've enjoyed a little more danger/encounters with otherworldly creatures.
,Recommended,313780,32747820,Posted: 24 June,all,Malificarr,Nailed the lovecraftian atmosphere. Great experience.
76561197978010037,Recommended,313780,32793626,Posted: 25 June,all,rallanw,"I think that those who are H.P. Lovcraft fans will like this game. No shooting to be had. Wonderfully imaginative in my opinion. Best game I have played for a while, I  would recommend it."
,Recommended,313780,33272348,Posted: 5 July,all,unreal_rik,"When I first read about this game, I thought it was going to be a Lovecraftian lore inspired game. Little did I know it takes place in the same universe. That was a really pleasant surprise for me.I wouldn't necessarily call Conarium a horror game, it's more of an adventure/exploratory game with Lovecraftian elements. As a matter of fact, I can recall only two instances where I felt genuinely scared. The rest of the time there was only an eerie feeling mixed with curiosity. The game has elements from several of Lovecraft's works, not just Mountains of Madness, as it claims to be. It does a really good job of visualising the abstract and surreal representations of Lovecraftian architectures, although I expected it to be a little more green. I think this is the game which has done this the best after Call of Cthulhu.There are so many games which claim to be Lovecraftian but if you ask me, there are only two which have done it right. One is Call of Cthulhu Dark Corners of the Earth and the other is Conarium. If you're looking for a true Lovecraftian experience then buying this game should be a no brainer."
,Recommended,313780,33308716,Posted: 6 July,all,[FrenchBrony]Oskilla,"So Conarium is a Puzzle-horror game.before you buy it ask yourself those questions:Do you like puzzle game?Do you like horror atmosphere?Do you like H.P Lovecraft?If you answer yes then you will certainly enjoy this game.gameplay wise, I find some interaction with object and the inventory a bit disturbing at first, it's not a common ""drag and drop"" system, but I get used to it.the global environment is great, +1 for the footprints that remain in the snow.For the graphic and engine, well it's the unreal engine so it's pretty good too.Overall a great game, not necessary a must have but a great game."
,Recommended,313780,33409661,Posted: 9 July,all,Dr. Peppermill,"Story is quite good, graphics and sound are OK (nothing special) but the UI is unpolished. There are few interactions in the game, which are almost impossible with controller and I had to switch to my mouse. The atmosphere is great, suspense and mystery follow you from the beginning to the end. Puzzles are easy but this game is not supposed to be Myst-like game. If you like games similar to SOMA, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and What Remains of Edith Finch this one is for you.7/10"
,Recommended,313780,33409029,Posted: 9 July,all,The Easterling,"A spiritual successor to At the Mountains of Madness, amazing and very true to Lovecraftian method beyond tentacles and old gods."
,Recommended,313780,34388213,Posted: 20 August,all,FancyEquation43,"Good game just not that scary. The enviroment will give you a good feeling of dread and aprehension until you explore....then you just run around and figure out the puzzles. Still, good story, good visuals, and still pretty fun. Get it now while it's on sale."
76561197993838128,Recommended,313780,32454456,Posted: 15 June,all,Ian-T,"If you’re a fan of the H.P.Lovecraft mythos, or just of good dark storytelling, this game could be great for you.The beautiful graphics and well-crafted narrative draw you into a strange, forbidden world. You’ll experience investigating ancient ruins built by long-forgotten, monstrous beings; mysterious events; and a worsening sense of dread – that you’re in a place no human should ever enter. The game does a fantastic job of world-creating. The alien constructions have a real feeling of tremendous age, size and power.Don’t buy Conarium looking for jump-scares and action, however. This is a story-driven game: there are lots of documents to read to further the story; trophies to discover as rewards for exploring; and a range of puzzles to solve. It’s not a game your rush through, but one you enjoy at a slow pace. I bought Conarium looking to visit an age-old Lovecraftian city – as in At The Mountains Of Madness, which this game draws story elements from – and I got to thoroughly relish that experience.On the negative side? Early puzzles are simpler and directly progress the story (such as restoring power to an Antarctic base). Later  puzzles, I thought, felt artificial as opposed to being obstacles I needed to overcome. They drew me away from Conarium being an absorbing experience to feeling like a puzzler game instead. A couple of the puzzles, I googled for answers because I didn’t find it fun and I wanted to get back to exploring. Other people, of course, might prefer the puzzles to the rest of the game!I completed the game in 5-6 hours. I had no crashes or glitches at all.Overall, I loved Conarium – the few annoying puzzles didn’t spoil it at all. Gorgeous graphics; a fantastic and authentic Lovecraftian atmosphere; smooth controls; a great soundtrack; and a dark mysterious narrative. If you want to step into a Lovecraft story and “be there”, Conarium is near-perfect."
76561198035900814,Recommended,313780,32382205,Posted: 12 June,all,privettk,"Wow. I'm a huge fan of horror games - SOMA has probably been my favorite since it came out but have also loved all three Dead Space games, Alien Isolation, Amnesia Dark Descent, Machine for Pigs, PT, Resident Evil 7, the Silent Hill series, Evil Within, Outlast, the list goes on.And yet, out of all of those games, this one is probably right up there with Dead Space 1 and SOMA (for me, obviously, everyone is different.) This game understands pacing and executes it PERFECTLY - it slowly builds an ever increasing sense of dread, helped out by the BEST soundtrack for a horror game I've ever heard. After playing so many horror games, I was worried I was getting numb to the scares - Outlast 2 was a horrific disappointment for me. This game was sending shivers up and down my spine and I freaking loved it! Haven't even beaten it yet!At $16.99 (or even the full $20) you easily get your money's worth. The puzzles can be convoluted at times but once solved I always felt like an idiot - the voice acting and journals you find a very reminiscent of Amnesia. The graphics are BEAUTIFUL, and I never dipped below 60 fps with everything maxed out. Very well optimized, which not all UE4 games can claim. I've never read Lovecraft before (which as a horror fan I guess I should be ashamed of) but I think I'll check him out after this! BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,313780,32345518,Posted: 11 June,all,Dehexed,"Add this one to the (so far) short list of actually good games and movies based on the works of H.P. Lovecraft. Hope this sets a trend - his Cthulhu Mythos stories deserve better than what have been made over the years.Beautifully crafted environments. 3D-objects are amazingly detailed. On a negative note, the people (and the cat) are not as good, but those aren't seen much in the game.The voice acting of the main character is passable, but nothing spectacular; I thought the voice for Dr. Faust was better, but not by much.There's quite a bit of text in the game, but there were portions that were not very well written, and there were a few typos here and there.All in all a great game and not one to be missed if you're a fan of the Cthulhu Mythos."
76561198063420041,Recommended,313780,32321740,Posted: 10 June,all,APP ID 65120,"A fantastic adventure game, with great puzzles and atmosphere, inspired by H.P. Lovecraft's works"
,Recommended,313780,32320179,Posted: 10 June,all,Simpanra,"EDIT* The developers explained a way to manually override the fov (which may cause glitches and unintended immersion breaking situations).Now that I can personally enjoy the game without being made to feel queasy, I would like to say that I am greatly enjoying the atmosphere as well as the graphics! I feel the game is reminiscent of Amnesia in the way it feels and the story-telling elements. So far I would recommend this game!I will update this review once I have completed the game but so far so good!-----------------------------------------------------ORIGINAL* Until the developers allow us paying customers to change the field of view in game, I can not recommend this title as it is making myself and many others feel sick due to simulation sickness."
,Recommended,313780,33365712,Posted: 8 July,all,Doctor Futurity,"One of the best surprises on Steam yet, a genuinely good Lovecraft adventure....very much enjoyed this one! Full review here:http://realmsofchirak.blogspot.com/2017/07/review-conarium-lovecraft-adventure.html"
76561198007219352,Recommended,313780,32398331,Posted: 13 June,all,ƉϵҢטᴍƛȵɨɀɘʠ,"Wow!! Just wow, truly a lovercraftian masterpeice, one of the few games/modern media pieces that have really done it justice and its a fanatstic adaptation of at the mountains of maddness!"
76561198037340969,Recommended,313780,32799159,Posted: 25 June,all,Dragonaut00,"good puzzles, looks pretty voice actings spotty in bits, but is otherwise good.story scratches that itch though. nails the lovecraftian feel it goes for. the story itself and the atmosphere is pretty good, that vague menace mixed with inscrutable oldness and subtle surreality.nonetheless due to it's shortness my recomendation is with the caveat that you get it on a sale."
76561197970951366,Recommended,313780,33491476,Posted: 12 July,all,corth,"A fun, short adventure in the Cthulhu mythos!The mechanics are minimal and sometimes clunky, and the puzzles are obtuse, but overall it was a fun experience with a lot to like, especially if you are a fan of Lovecraft."
76561197974824013,Recommended,313780,34763741,Posted: 5 September,all,Helifax,"Pure awesome game!I really recommend it even if you aren't familiar with the lore! It was an unforgetable run for me:)Atmosphere is there, LORE is there, a bit of ""Cat & Mouse"" is there;)Nothing revolutionary, JUST A GOOD STORY SAID VERY DAMN WELL!!!PS:If you don't understand the story, or what is happening, read the letters, SEARCH for them, and then read a bit on WIKI to understand the medium and the background lore! It will all make sense later;)"
76561198018751503,Recommended,313780,32372306,Posted: 12 June,all,Джек воробей,"Nailed the atmosphere for the game, runs great, and the puzzles while interesting were not overly complicated. The only problem I can think of would be the voice acting which is not the best but its an indie so it gets a pass. Overall a great game we need more Lovecraftian games."
,Recommended,313780,33415851,Posted: 9 July,all,PILLBOX GAMING,wow what an amzing game! great story I was in it up to my eyeballs!  please make more!!!!
,Recommended,313780,32358924,Posted: 11 June,all,Atara,"Conarium is undoubtedly one of the most successful adaptations of Lovecraft's writing to a game. The game is crafted as something of a sequel to ""At the Mountains of Madness"", and Lovecraft fans will find a lot of familiar territory here. While the story itself is a bit confusing, the game succedes in building a sense of mystery and cosmic dread from the start. The visuals and sound design are beautiful and the environments succede in creating a sense of horrifying scale. The game is well optimized such that it ran at a decent frame rate and without glitches on my relatively outdated PC. The atmosphere is far and away the strongest aspect of Conarium. Even after finishing the game, I found myself replaying it almost immediately just to experience its haunting vistas again.The gameplay relies mainly on exploration and puzzles. However, if you are primarily looking for a challenging puzzle game, look elsewhere. Fans of Zoetrope's earlier Darkness Within series might find the puzzles unsatisfying in comparison. I thought many of the puzzles were exceedingly easy, while others were unnecessarily obtruse, finicky, or required excessive backtracking. At times, the puzzles felt like unnecessary impediments to exploration of the environments.While Conarium is on the shorter side, coming in at just 3-4 hours, the game is still a huge achievement for such a tiny studio. It is well-worth the price for the incredible visual and atmospheric experience it offers. This is a must play for fans of Lovecraft or cosmic horror in general."
,Recommended,313780,32355587,Posted: 11 June,all,Sage,Not perfect but highly enjoyable. Made this old Lovecraft fan very happy indeed.
76561198005394388,Recommended,313780,34240622,Posted: 14 August,all,0i0i!5m4rt4l3xCH,"""Conarium"", for me, is mainly an H.P. Lovercraft walking simulator in which you can explore some of the structures described in Lovecraft's novel ""Mountains of Madness"". And the game is doing a fantastic job. It's just great walking through these ruins, always with the feeling that something is wrong here, and maybe something may be lurking in the shadows.. just a pity that's it's rather short and the puzzles are just a few, but at least they are entertaining. so, if you're in any way into horror and/or Lovecraft, buy this gem and support the great people who made this briliant ""game"". 8/10 (for a Lovecraft Fanboy!)"
76561198011270009,Recommended,313780,32569817,Posted: 19 June,all,SquirrelHammer,"Amazing game. Prior to playing Conarium, I never really cared about H.P. Lovecraft. I had heard of him like most people, but I never really knew anything about his works. So I played the game, and OMG, this game has made me fall in love with Lovecraft. I actually bought his entire collection and am now reading it. I want to start reading At the Mountain of Madness, which this game is based off of, then go back and play Conarium again. There seems to be a lot of hidden stories here that you won't understand if you haven't read the books.I digress. This game is a very solid point and click puzzle/horror game. There's hardly any action, and most of the scares are not jump scares, but psychological ones, where you can't rationally explain what's happening. I'm not usually into point and click games, but this one held my attention the whole way.Conarium is powered by UR4, and I have to say that it is one of the best looking games I've played in a long time. The atmosphere is so incredible, that it makes up for not having constant scares. If you're like me and have a powerful rig and can run it at max, the game has this constant fog which just adds to the creepiness. I'm not sure if this is disabled with lower settings, bc fog is usually a heavy performance strain, but it definitely added to the creep factor for me.You can also tell that this game was made with love. Everything has so much detail and nothing seems like it was added just to be in there. The objects and puzzles in the game are very complex and everything adds to the lore. I'm also not usually into reading in-game documents, but I was reading every journal and item description I came across. Most of it wasn't earth shattering lore, but if you found all of them, it gives you more detail on what's happening.Performance wise, I couldn't find any issues. This game ran a smooth 60fps the whole way through. I wish the settings menu would be a bit clearer, instead of just saying things like Post FX: Low-High; that doesn't explain what kind of Post FX it is, which can sometimes make the game look worse. But those are just small complaints.If you're a fan of creepy games, I'd 100% recommend this game. Even if you aren't a Lovecraft fan like I was, you'll still find this game to be a solid 3-5 hour game."
76561198046366114,Recommended,313780,33862486,Posted: 28 July,all,Adam Stalker [PL],"My experience with this game?Fahf ah mgleth mgehye'lloig.Ahornah mgepog'drn r'luhhor goka ya llll ephaiaglor zhro.Ephaiplay h' ephaii.What do you need to remember:Cahf ah nafl mglw'nafh hh' ahor syha'h ah'legeth, ng llll or'azath syha'hnahh n'ghftephai n'gha ahornah ah'mglw'nafh.Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn."
,Recommended,313780,32243385,Posted: 7 June,all,[AKA] decizion,"Yet i have to play more (too many games not enough time lol) but so far it's a pretty good game.If you liked games like layers of fear you might love this one even more if your a Lovercraft fan.Great graphics, a wtf story, load of secrets & things to learn/search.Only problems: no custom fov & no vr support.Giving it a 7.5/10.Will edit review when i finish it.Edit: I think i will wait for vr support before i continue playing !"
76561198053610061,Recommended,313780,34247729,Posted: 14 August,all,hippielettuce,"Conarium was an iffy buy for me. I tend to buy a lot of these types of games and this was one of the better ones. The H.P. Lovecraft part of this game is what made me pull the trigger. It's dark, gloomy, eerie....yet casual."
,Not Recommended,313780,32759199,Posted: 24 June,all,neoadorable,"Very impressive for a project done by two people, but it's just not very interesting. There's a lot of nice art (reminded me of The Solus Project), good writing and decent voice acting, and plenty of atmosphere. But obscure and unrewarding puzzles/hidden object obstacles ruin the pacing, even if some Outlast-like chase scenes are pretty cool in their own right. Also, this game simply doesn't know when to end, it's at least one hour too long - and as a result it gets....boring, which is something I personally rarely say about ANY game. I'd give Conarium a 5/10, it's alright, but sadly skippable."
,Recommended,313780,32358391,Posted: 11 June,all,[DH]Basnett,"Recommended, but only if it's on sale!Pros* Great environmental art and the visuals are fantastic.* Length is perfect.* Very easy, with no frustating bits that you'll need to repeat.Cons* Puzzles can sometimes be completely opaque. Keep a walkthrough handy.* There's virtually no story here, if you are familiar with the works of Lovecraft then you pretty much already know the entire plot.Gripes* Nothing explains that you can store ""blue"" power in the crystal to get rid of the vines, I had to just look it up.* Sound design is generally good, but there are a couple of really repetitive and grating footstep noises that make no aural sense (eg. the one where rocks sound like they're falling down steps even when I'm walking around on completely flat ground.)"
,Recommended,313780,32323330,Posted: 10 June,all,aabughazaleh,"I enjoyed the game, but the acting sound for the main character is not good.I noticed a small bug :I'm using xbox one controller, when I read a document or open save menu, the mouse pointer become visible, please can you fix that. ( Thanks for developers fixing that <3 )"
76561198380541006,Recommended,313780,32301880,Posted: 9 June,all,santosdavid489,absolutely loving this game ^^ even decided to start lets plays cause of it ! still learning as i release videos but its fun and thats all that matters in the end. if want to check it out heres my link lol please be gentlehttps://youtu.be/7yt57LsloBQ
,Recommended,313780,32304731,Posted: 9 June,all,49Lives,"What game in 2017 comes out with the greenlight... where you cannot bind forward backwards left and right to the arrow keys.... WHO LET THIS HAPPEN.... SO many people who left handed who use the otherside of the keyboard. I mean its like 4 lines of code. jesus christ.......Cannot play anymore looks kinda fun too...I have to play the min of 5 min to write this... Guess ill just sit in the menu and think of the simple coding fix to this supid issue.....ffs....For me to now play this i have to macro my keys to change them to WSAD=up,down,left,right....SO stupid please fix this devsUpdate June 10thI shall call this my great triggering.I always have and I always will use the arrow keys its just more comfortable.I can't be the only oneBe seriously change it from a-z to keystrokes and its 100%I love the game FYI thats after 5 hours"
76561197971874482,Recommended,313780,33757841,Posted: 23 July,all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"A solid Lovecraftian walking-simulator with some light puzzling.  You're going to be playing this game largely for the very well done aesthetics.  It's not particularly long, but it's all very well crafted.I'd recommend to fans of Lovecraft or cerebral horror in general, just make sure you know what to expect from it.  The story is there and interesting but you have to think about it rather than have it entirely told to you."
76561198077449566,Recommended,313780,34343382,Posted: 18 August,all,MrMeeseeks,The definitive Lovecraft walking simulator
76561198006358574,Recommended,313780,32528168,Posted: 17 June,all,Name Lips,"The pursuit of forbidden, ancient knowledge... the descent into madness in search of transcendence... these are staples of Lovecraftian horror. Those are present in the story and atomosphere of this game. You get the feeling throughout that the members of the expedition were in over their heads from the beginning, but didn't realize it until it was too late.This is fundamentally a puzzle/adventure game. You unlock new areas to explore, each of which has a puzzle or two to solve in order to progress to the next area. There are some ""pixel hunting"" elements, where I would swear I searched an area back and forth a dozen times, only to discover that the item I was looking for was on a table in plain view the whole time. The environment is full of details and objects, and it's not clear which ones are interactable until you mouse over them while also being near enough.The puzzles range from trivial to difficult. I did not personally find that they were necessarily harder as the game progressed -- the difficulty was almost random. Perhaps I personally found some puzzles easier or harder to solve than the developers expected. I completed the game in 7 hours, but I don't remember if I paused it and wandered off during that time (which I frequently do without realizing it) thus inflating the time.Several times I scoured an area for the way to progress, and found what I thought was ""the way"" with a thrill of triumph -- only to discover I had merely uncovered a secret.The only hint you need is that you rarely need to backtrack. Once a new area is unlocked, the tools you need to progress are all contained within the unlocked area itself. I spent a lot of time backtracking until I realized this.I strongly recommend this game for anybody who is a fan of Lovecraft. The ""feeling"" of the story is spectacular. People unfamiliar with Lovecraft will doubtless be a bit confused, and consider Conarium to be a fairly middle-of-the-road puzzle game. The game shines when you are a fan and want the feeling of personally delving into an interactive Lovecraftian story."
76561198043508896,Recommended,313780,32540922,Posted: 18 June,all,DrBabychew,A fun little romp through Lovecraft land.
76561197995203321,Recommended,313780,34946310,Posted: 14 September,all,Kultis,"I'm a big HP Lovecraft fan, when the game started I hated it, then when I got the controls down I loved it all the way through to the end, but then when I got to the end I hated it again.  Im giving this a thumbs up though because once you get the hang of it, it feels like a true lovecraftian world and story.  overall 8/10 but ending gets a 4/10.  and where is cthulu."
76561197968571854,Recommended,313780,32549835,Posted: 18 June,all,shookfree,enjoyed it
,Recommended,313780,34686396,Posted: 2 September,all,Xedon,I wanted to play a game based on Lovecraft's mythos. Found it! Great game.
76561197993351243,Not Recommended,313780,33102785,Posted: 1 July,all,evildrganymede,"I would really love to recommend this game as I'm a big fan of HPL and the mythos... but I can't. But I'll attempt to explain what the issues I had with it are here.(Warning: Major spoilers follow!)The first two-thirds or so was good. Atmospheric, mysterious, eerie, creepy and all about solving puzzles to move on. The first sign of trouble is the submarine section  - after doing the puzzles, you pilot a submarine to the next section, which is rather different to what came before. I found it slow and fiddly and it didn't really add to the game. But that wasn't *bad*, just different and unnecessary.The real problem is a segment after that, where you are faced with some mummies that are brought life and chase you around some corridors. Supposedly there is a way to deal with it by running and evading them but it requires some perfect timing, and it's really frustrating to fail it over and over and over with no clue as to how to get it right. It also isn't remotely obvious what you're even supposed to *do* there either. I only learned from a playthrough that you have to run away and lure the mummies into the corridors and then backtrack past them to the exit without being caught. I couldn't actually *do* that though - which is not a good thing when playing the game on a stream. I had to stop the stream and then see if I could figure it out off-camera and start it again afterwards. And in the end the way I got past it was actually to follow a video that someone posted in the discussions where they crouched down behind an unlit brazier, which seemed to confuse the monsters, and then they snuck out away from them to the exit. I don't know if that's an intended solution but it worked and I was able to resume the stream - but if I couldn't have done that then that would have been the end of the game for me. I thought this section completely destroyed the game - it ruined the atmosphere, it was an exercise in frustration and it was very out of place given the rest of the game was more mental puzzle solving. I don't really know why designers throw in these 'chase sections' into these games - they're really not good or necessary.Having got past that, the next major issue was a sequence where you're chased by (presumably) a Shoggoth in a compound under a desert. It seems that you have to get out of the complex they way you came in, but you can't - the exit is gone, and the shoggoth catches up kills you every time. But what you have to do (again, I only got this from watching a playthrough) is get to the end of the corridor far enough ahead of the shoggoth, turn around to face it coming up the stairs... and then the floor collapses and you go to the next section. I mean... what? That isn't even remotely obvious! Again, it's just an exercise in frustration and poor design, it destroyed what atmosphere had been rebuilt after the awful ""Mummy chase"" sequence and it was completely unnecessary.This brings me on to another issue - as the game progresses it seems to become a lot harder to figure out what exactly you have to be doing. Often there are no clues, you just have to dig around til you find something that helps. But there were several times where I wandered around aimlessly for 20-30 minutes looking for things that just weren't remotely apparent at all. Again, that only adds to frustration.The final issue I had with the game was the ending. I found it completely anticlimactic - you either have a choice of killing yourself (which I didn't do) or continuing on to find the Ancient Conarium and use it to move on. So I did that and... it just happened and was over. You barely have any time to register what's going on before the credits start to roll, and it just felt really hollow and unsatisfying.I think the frustration from the extreme difficulty caused by the ""monster chase"" sections really destroyed the game for me. It's a shame because the concept and the story were good, but the execution was flawed and there were too many section in the last third of the game or so that were utterly frustrating and obstructive. As a result I really can't recommend the game. :("
76561198326529542,Recommended,313780,35017702,Posted: 17 September,all,Fatboygoboom,my ending was sweet!
,Recommended,313780,32327743,Posted: 10 June,all,Dachau Summer Retreat,<3
76561198045040007,Not Recommended,313780,32240164,Posted: 7 June,all,Mr.Goodkat,"It is not a game it is just a smal interactive movie.Seem to be a project for new dev who finished their university recently.Story is ok and thats it.Finished it after 5 h and cant refund it, means the movie is long enough to not refund it.Stage design is dull and puzzles are too easy.EDIT:Tried to find the ""horror"" but it the devs hided it well, i faild in my mission.2nd EDIT:To my lovley U.S. pals and thier comments.1. I never wrote i wish a refund. It just a warning to others not to get disappointed.2. If i go to a movie i expect a movie. If i buy a horror game i expect one. Means if the Description would say it is ""enjoyable game--even one with minimal interaction--for US$15"" . Then I know what i buy.3. Comparing this case with a restaurant.- You are very hungry and you order tuna sald, breaded veal cutlet (Wiener schnitzel),and strawberry ice cream.-You get a ceaser sald, tomato soup and a exclusive nugat for mothers in law (onepice of diced suger).And, dont forget you are very hungry. I would see it as a gift from the restaurant. Iwould eat it but I wouldnt pay for it. It wasn't what i ordered.4. I like the states but if read the comments i remeber what Berthold Brecht (german author) said.""Only the stupid sheep who choose their butcher"".  That is the reason why Donald Duck sits in the white house.3rd EDIT:Goodkat <- not native english speaker. Dont complain about my grammer or I will be forced to use the google translator!"
76561198360585941,Not Recommended,313780,33985552,Posted: 2 August,all,brutterins,"Tedious, mundane, uninteresting, period."
,Recommended,313780,32515189,Posted: 17 June,all,imekon,"HP Lovecraft is a name I love to hear as it usually involves some kind of scarey monsters etc.So far the game feels creepy but not that creepy yet.The audio seems to be disappointing (but then I worked in audio in games, so I know how it should sound!) - repetitve sounds that make no sense. Audio can make a creepy game really scarey but not so in Conarium."
76561198204055520,Recommended,313780,32511638,Posted: 17 June,all,SnowWalker,Thank you for the awesome game. I love SciFi and that sure was the ticket.  Very enjoyable.
76561198032470758,Recommended,313780,32535580,Posted: 18 June,all,plasticgreenhead,"Amazing ! If you're into H.P. Lovecraft, you will love this !!!"
76561197974375002,Recommended,313780,32482810,Posted: 16 June,all,Rhezurection,"I found this game to be exceptionally impressive! Granted, I am a huge Lovecraft fan, so my objective opinion on this as a game might be a bit biased. However, the feeling of exploring an abandoned reasearch facility in the snowy mountains, is captured so well in this game. It was a great experience methodically going through the whole thing, and slowly figuring out the truth.The puzzles are fairly simple, I didn't have to look a walkthrough, except for one case, where I had missed a fairly obvious item on my first walk through the facility. It still manages to make you feel accomplished when you solve them, and slightly anxious about what might come up next.The story is pure Lovecraft goodness. If you've read ""At The Mountains of Madness"" this will NOT feel like a fan-fiction, but will be totally believeable, as being something Lovecraft himself would have made, had he been around to experience the medium of video games.If you are NOT into Lovecraft, there is still a great horror/adventure game here. Obviously, you won't be as familiar with some of the terminology used, BUT, I think it is in a way, that will not as much confuse you, as much as it will make you interested in learning more about it.A sure recommendation for any fans of horror, but a MUST-PLAY for connaisseurs of Lovecraftian media."
76561198011700291,Recommended,313780,32476036,Posted: 16 June,all,njorar,"Well, I'm almost 2 hours in it and I can say I like it very much. It's a first person adventure/exploration/story game made in the Unreal 4 Engine. It looks great and runs at a 100 fps in 1440p on my 1070 with all settings maxed.It's fairly light on puzzles (so far at least) and plays more like an exploration game. That said, I believe it absolutely nails the atmosphere and that primordial/barren feel of Lovecraft's work.But as others have said you have to be familiar with the base material (At the Mountains of Madness) to get the story."
76561198003303280,Recommended,313780,32484684,Posted: 16 June,all,Sore_loser,"Beautiful and atmospheric. Sometimes the voice acting leaves a little to be desired, but otherwise, it's like being in an H P Lovecraft novel."
76561198350976816,Recommended,313780,32621635,Posted: 21 June,all,Blue Eclipse,"Inspired by the H.P lovecraft novella ""At the mountains of madness"" it truly feels like a worthy game with true passion for the Lovecraftian themes and the novella. If you love Lovecraftian Horror, then I higly suggest you go buy this game and play it right now. I bought this when it had a small discount, but I would still pay full price for this though. I feel they really nailed the atmosphere flawlessly, This game isn't really scary in that sense. But It truly makes you feel alone, lost, confused and you get more and more confused but you also get answers. I personally would recommend reading this novella too. You don't have to do it before you play this game, but It will give you a better understanding on the inspiration behind this game. If you played it once, then go play it again right now. This game is one of those games you should at least play twice to understand better. I try to make my review as spoiler free as possible but let me just say that there are a lot of things you will see as you progress but maybe won't understand right from the start. So in conclusion this game is really damn good and as I said if you love Lovecraftian themed horror this really is the game you should go and play right now, You won't regret it. But if you look for a scary horror games with jumpscares frequently. Then this game right here is not the game you should play."
,Recommended,313780,32378763,Posted: 12 June,all,§pamos,"Absolutely brilliant!For true fans of HPL this game encompasses the feeling of uncertainty and dread that only Lovecraft can deliver! I went into this experience with apprehansion as it can be almost impossible to recreate (in any form) the un-nameable horror that he is known for but this game really hits the nail on the head! Expect confusion, terror and despair at every corner. It should be obvious how impressed I am at this game, at certain points EVERY HAIR ON MY BODY STOOD ON END, I have witnesses to testify to this! Thank you Zoetrope for a welcomed change in the horror genre, jump scares have nothing on this :)PS, I have an idea for an HPL game myself but have no idea how to put it in reality, any developers that would like to hear my idea please make contact, don""t suffer from the queer amnesia ;)"
76561197990621011,Recommended,313780,32408006,Posted: 14 June,all,crafterex,"good story & atmosphere + nice visuals & sound.if you like the genre, do not miss this one..."
,Recommended,313780,32407304,Posted: 14 June,all,Sky Rocket_Raven,"This was the best Lovecraft fanfiction I've ever experianced. I sincerely mean that in a good way.My only complaint on the aesthetic side is that some of the animations as well as some of the voice work were a bit stale. That really is minor incomparison to the litany of fantastic environments and sound design on offer.As a puzzle game though, it's mostly ""something is missing"" go find it, which is kind of dissapointing. If it's not the ""you need item to progress, go look around"" then it's the 'relaying information you have learned' style of puzzle.What I'm saying is, this game has some awesome moments and truly personifies the concepts that the cosmic horror genre has been trying to bring outside of literature for a long time. It's a great story and a great game. But in my opinion, the puzzles were not it's strong suit."
,Recommended,313780,32586384,Posted: 20 June,all,Milky,Really enjoyed this game. If you love atmospheric horrors then you'll enjoy this.
,Recommended,313780,33184716,Posted: 3 July,all,TFeldt,"Respectful to the Lovecraftian legacy, suspenseful, eerie and atmospheric. I fail to see a scenario where an adventure gamer would be disappointed, a mythos aficionado even less so. Thoroughly enjoyable."
76561198154029976,Recommended,313780,33679833,Posted: 20 July,all,The 9th,"An absolute masterpiece and an excellent tribute to the great H.P. Lovecraft.I've read all of his works and always wanted a game which would really capture the mystery and otherworldly feeling of his works.Conarium does exactly that!It is a puzzle adventure game and takes itself seriously, without making you frustrated with idiotic riddles like mixing two potions for a telephone to work... Its riddles are quite entertaining and nothing too hard.The pacing is simply amazing since from the very start you'll begin exploring and after a while you'll get sucked into this game. I started it and played non-stop till it was over.The graphics are actually good, the ambient sounds amazing and the voice acting follows along those lines.My favorite part of the game is that if someone is a fan of Lovecraft he/she will enjoy this and even if he/she isn't then this is so well done that it might actually intrigue that person to read his books.There are no cheap jumpscares, just sheer intensity from the atmosphere and the constant questions which pop in your mind about how will this end?The only reason I'm giving it an 8/10 is because of its gameplay hours. Yes, you can replay it, but overall one playthrough is about 4 and a half hours. For its price it's ok. On a sale, I simply say YES!!!""The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.""- H. P. Lovecraft"
,Recommended,313780,34539376,Posted: 27 August,all,PixelsHuh,"This is a well written narrative game with superbly designed environments. If you like the works of Lovecraft, don't miss this one."
76561197981588360,Recommended,313780,34441087,Posted: 23 August,all,40GallonTophat,By the same developers behind the Darkness Within series!!  There is no combat or survival aspect of this game.  Just pure adventure.  A must for Lovecraft fans.  9/10
76561198013230129,Recommended,313780,34312297,Posted: 17 August,all,Wolfius,"Most amazing game in the world of Lovecraft. Creepy ruins, terrifying and disgusting altars of ancient gods. Strong plot and wonderful work of game designers and artists!"
