user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314020,14783578,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,VALIS,"The gameplay isn't terribly memorable. It's basically a hidden object game with some light puzzle solving elements. Ah, but the art and the atmosphere! The vibrant, lush artwork is worth the price of admission on its own. This must be what the jungle looks like after a cup of Ayahuasca."
76561198020441519,Not Recommended,314020,15806449,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,amethyst7,"I played through the whole game, but I can't really recommend it. It was maybe 2 hours or so long, but I spent most of that time feeling frustrated and unrewarded. It is a very simple point-and-click game, only they somehow made the controls of a point-and-click game frustrating - you have to hold down your click to move, and the bug would frequently start spinning around when they'd reach a certain point along the path, and you have to figure out where you can click to get him moving again.The hidden object part of the game is incredibly simple, and also somewhat frustrating - I know you're going to make me collect the floating orange balls, but I can't do so until I slowly move across several screens to find the thing that is going to need them. Lots of backtracking for no reason. No real rhyme or reason as to why doing a given gathering task ended with the results it did. I also wasn't really sure the game ended, until I saw that I had all of the achievements.The music is excellent, the art is nice, but in the end - I got the game on a huge sale, and only spent 2 hours playing it, and I wish I hadn't done so. Credit to the creators for trying something different, but it didn't work for me."
,Recommended,314020,19181776,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,iLegendaryKing👑,Morphopolis is a Adventure game where you look for Hidden Object to slove a Puzzle. The game look like a beautiful Art Gallery.
,Recommended,314020,15412951,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Auxice,"I bought this game because it was on sale (95% off) and has cards and achievements.  Never really expecting anything else from it.  But when I played the game, I knew I found a hidden gem.Morphopolis is a point & click, hidden object, and puzzle game set in a colorful insect world.   I love the atmosphere!  The art is gorgeous and the music helps to bring out more of the supposedly ""nature"" setting.The game is divided into five short segments.  You can finish the whole game in 2 to 4 hours.  Basically, you need to guide the insect to find the objects and solve the puzzles needed to get through to the next metamorphic phase.  The hidden objects are fairly easy to find.  There are some that blend well with the background (but there'a a hint button anyway if you're feeling lazy to really search for them).  The puzzles are moderately challenging  (I find the last puzzle a bit more challenging than the rest.).  In some puzzles (like the glow worm, perhaps), I think you'll spend more time figuring out what to do than solving them. :DIf you are a card collector and an achievement hunter, this one's for you.  Only five cards to collect and you can unlock every achievement as you finish the game.The only cons I found are:(1) the lack of direction / instruction.When I began the game, I only saw a ""hand"" symbol that tells me to move my insect to that direction.  And that's it.  But you can easily figure out the game mechanics as you progress.(2) you cannot save / quit in the middle of the segments.You can force quit the game but your progress won't be saved.  You have to redo everything in that particular level.Do I recommend this game? YES!  For me, I find the good points of this game outweigh these cons."
,Not Recommended,314020,16541957,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cyril,"Nice as an art gallery, but awful as a game.The bugs move reeeeaally slowly. I know how fast bugs move in real life. I have seen them. Why do they move so slowly here? There's no reason other than to draw out the gameplay way longer than it needs to be.The game isn't very good at letting you know what you can and can't do. The only way to move is to hold your mouse down in the direction you want to go, but you can only go along preset paths, and some of the screens are in places that don't even look like paths and feel like you'd only ever find them on accident.It's basically a glorified hidden object game, except everything is so vibrant that the stuff you have to pick out doesn't tend to stand out enough. There were a few instances where I wasn't even sure what exactly I was looking for.The minigames are generally alright, though there's two that are abnormally challenging compared to the rest of the game. The flower bud puzzle especially, which is painful both because of the puzzle itself and the fiddly controls.It's very short. 5 small ""levels"". No real connecting story except that you play as the creature you helped in the previous level, and at the end you open a door and then the screen just fades out. Abrupt.The game looks very pretty and sounds pretty nice too, I'll give it that, but it's slow and frustrating for what should be a relaxing experience, and not worth the money for what little gameplay is given to the player."
,Recommended,314020,32600339,Posted: 20 June,all,Frankenschwein,"I hope you understand this game is all about insects. Everything in it is disgusting. Some scenes are disturbing. Still want to play it? Alright!Morphopolis is a simple puzzle game with lots of hidden objects. Art style might seem a lot acid, but you get used to it quickly, lol. The bug you play is a bit lazy, it moves slower than a snail, but you got enough time don't ya? Music is ambient, calm, can be muted. Don't know why so much hate about it reviewed.Conclusion:  No idea how people find this game any relaxating. It.Is.Not. Srlsy!"
,Not Recommended,314020,15512124,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,SandWormJr,"Verdict: Take a peek at the posted screenshots to enjoy the hand drawn art if that is what drew you to this, no need to buy and play the game for that. The 'game', as implemented, is an exercise in frustration.Positive:- Cute hand drawn graphics.- It's different, stands out in used art and 'delivery' of the puzzles.- At 95% off, really cheap.Negative:- Total lack of graphics/sound/control settings (why do people keep doing this for PC games?)- Zero instructions, tutorial or guidance, so just click around and watch what happens and see if you can figure out what the devs were thinking at the time.- 5 levels total, with 1-4 hidden object puzzles each, some of which have additional puzzles after. Again, zero instructions so just click stuff and maybe you'll see something happen that will give you a clue about what's expected of you.- Level puzzles are spread out over several screens, so you have to make your bug crawl around, with regular backtracking required. Excruciatingly slow method of scrolling between level screens, and no way to speed it up.- There is not even a hint at what paths your bug can even take. No arrows, no clearly different coloured or constructed pathways, nothing. Just click the screen edges at different spots and wait to see how far the bug will crawl and maybe by the time it gets there it'll scroll the screen and hey, now you know. Or click a different spot and wait some more.- No save/load options. It will remember a level as fully finished, but leaving a level unfinished forces you to restart all the puzzles you already solved on that level.- Even with all that, it's an extremely short game. I fully finished it in under 3 hours, of which almost half was spent just clicking randomly and most of the other half waiting for the bugs to crawl to scroll the screen, and only a fraction actually doing any puzzle solving.I can understand trying to do things different from all the others. I can understand trying to be artsy. I can understand trying to minimize user interface and controls.But for the love of all that is good and right in PC gaming, please never let any of that prevent you from implementing the required basics:- PC's are not a standard environment, and PC users are used to having pretty detailed control. A settings dialog allowing to change graphics/sound/controls is amuston the PC platform.- Some basic instructions about controls, method and goal of the game. Random clicking to see what happens is not 'learning to play', it's just plain annoying.- Save/load/checkpoint mechanics, especially in a game that makes one waste a lot of time just getting around on a level.Sorry, but even at pennies, I can't recommend this as a game. Cute art style though, so check out the screenshots."
,Not Recommended,314020,23662448,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,gachiBASS Clap gachiBASS Clap,Pros:-Good Art-Unique gameplay-Interesting for the first hour of playingCons:-Movement in the game (by how bad it was I suspected that it is a mobile game and apparently I was right)-The last puzzle actually made me hate the game-No settings
,Recommended,314020,15733152,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,♥Countess Heartcall™,"The story of a caterpillar who turned into an aphid, then stuck the legs back on a dessicated grasshopper corpse and climbed inside it, then used the grasshopper to do the same thing to a dead bee, then a beetle (while wearing another dead beetle's face as a mask), then crawled into a hole."
,Recommended,314020,16833901,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Morphopolis may be one of the most beautiful games I've played this year, but its remarkable looks aren’t always backed up by strong puzzle design. Taking on the role of a caterpillar as it undergoes five metamorphoses into ever larger insects, you’ll find hidden objects and solve puzzling minigames across more than a dozen scenes — each as lusciously detailed as the last — all backed by a stellar soundtrack amidst a bare-bones interface.Feeling somewhat like Machinarium meets The Tiny Bang Story, Morphopolis has you walking your insect between scenes. Each location holds one or more obstacles that can only be overcome after you collect all the objects it’s missing. Sometimes that leads to the obstacle simply moving out of the way; other times, you must complete a minigame or puzzle. Most of these are fairly straightforward, though trial and error is necessary as there’s no guidance, and a few prove confounding, especially given the limited feedback on offer.Astounding presentation and imaginative world designs are what set Morphopolis apart. Each scene is akin to a painting come to life, hand-illustrated in gorgeous watercolor hues and pencil-sketch precision, and the world seems to grow and alter in perspective as your parasitic critter inhabits larger hosts. All the while, multi-layered and earthy ambient music sets a laid-back tone that perfectly suits the dawdling pace and relaxing mechanics of the adventure.The problem is that it’s set back by puzzles that alternate between overly simplistic and too opaque, encouraging experimentation without providing enough feedback with which to gauge how your interactions affect the system. Morphopolis ultimately relies too strongly on its looks to get by with a relatively weak design.The astonishing illustrations, excellent soundtrack, and delightful world of Morphopolis may be worth the price of admission alone in what is an otherwise middling hidden-object game."
,Recommended,314020,26315868,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sweep,"About MorphopolisMorphopolis, a simple yet intriguing game. A pathway made to learn the morphology of the small creatures living in unseen ground. Playing a tiny creature gathering and evolving to the next stage. It is an abstract except realistic concept of evolution.You are first invited by the artistic style of visual artwork as you soon immerse into the world of insects. The visual layout is painted into 2-Dimensional layers which creates the 3-Dimensional atmosphere and depth. The colours are all earthy and saturated which emphasises the textural tone of the visual design. The creator really has brought out the artistic feel and paintings to life.Controls and GameplayThe controls are fairly simply and all movement is controlled by a simple mouse clicks. The character moves by holding down the mouse as the character moves towards it. This development of movement is a really nice touch towards the essence of the lower level world. However I do have to complain that there is no quicker movement. Travelling back screens if you missed pieces is very tedious as you are trapped in the sluggish movement of your creature, but at least it does give some reason on how these bugs move. That they travel at their own pace and shouldn’t be rushed. Controlling movement around objects and towards areas can be fiddly as the direction is not always accurate when you want to turn above and right except it just goes straight up. At least it has a unique style of movement and is a patient game as you find the items.All in All Morphopolis is a really nice Puzzle Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Not Recommended,314020,31111775,Posted: 13 April,all,boatnik,"The art is gorgeous, but the game is truly an excercise in frustration. I have no issue with the premise, but the poor controls severly hamper the gameplay. The character only moves by holding down the left mouse button and often gets confused with the direction to move in, resulting in spinning in place or sometimes completely moving the wrong way. This can result in the character triggering a screen transition and further waste your time/patience. Click/drag/swipe is imprecise and forces you to often repeat inputs just to collect an object or make a move in a puzzle. Non-interruptable animations further amplify the cost of a buggy input system. Most of the puzzle concepts are fine although at least two I think are ""unfair"". Finally, the lack of any save/checkpoint system while in a chapter means you will not want to quit the game lest you're forced to deal with the aforementioned ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t all over again. Despite the vibrant art style which drew me to Morphopolis, I really can't recommend the game at any price since it has so much difficulty actually providing gameplay."
,Recommended,314020,11709911,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I've played for two hours and that was actually enough to complete the game. I thought the premise of embarking on a 'parasitic crusade' was amusing, that is actually kind of what you do in this. I really liked it.- Yes, it's quite short and a mobile port which might put some people off- But it has a variety of puzzles which I found unique, interesting and challenginghttp://youtu.be/yNosN7BgjTQhttp://youtu.be/5lgMkRih1TYThe first level is quite simple you just have to find objects such as leaves and little yellow balls, complete a puzzle and use the stuff you find to complete the stage. Each level is basically like this but they gradually become larger and more complex.-----Each stage you take a new form. Each level ends with you resurrecting and taking taking control of a new and larger insect i.e. you burrow your little aphid grub into the head of a grasshopper then in the next stage you are in the form of that grasshopper, then a bee and so on.-----Yeah finding a certain amount of specific objects scattered and hidden randomly throughout each stage sounds kind of mundane. But I enjoyed that kind of activity, it's kind of like Where's Wally. It was sometimes challenging to track the last few objects.-----Interspersed throughout that were the puzzles. I was never able to figure them out straight away. There are no instructions. Sometimes I had to fiddle around to determine what you are meant to do in them, before I could even puzzle my way through them. But once I'd done that and completed each one, I found most them quite satisfying. One of them ended a bit too quickly before it became challenging. That one involved repeating a sequence demonstrated by the illuminating tails of insects, which became increasingly more complex. I think that one should have gone on for longer to really challenge you. That would have been cool because you actually create a kind of melody. Another puzzle was actually a jigsaw puzzle made up of differently shaped moth and butterflies. It was a simple idea, but I really liked that one.I liked the artwork quite a bit. It made me think of illustrated children's books that I've seen before. The music is really nice and soothing. Your insects dawdle along, you cannot rush around. So it's a slow paced and relaxing game.-----One thing of note is that this game basically has no options menu. This is probably a lot to do with the fact that it is a mobile port. I used windows volume control to turn sound down, Alt-enter didn't work for toggle fullscreen. So had to maximise the window and use a third party program to force into into a borderless window.I thought the game was short and sweet. Personally I'm not too worried about paying $8.50 for a two hour game. But obviously that may be considered a good price by everyone in this case. The game didn't really have much of an ending. You are just taken back to the main menu without even being taken shown the credits. Not that I really cared too much. However I think it would pretty cool if the developers add more stages, but I think they'd run out of bigger insect eventually lolClickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
,Not Recommended,314020,23191558,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,hugojmaia,"The game shines in the art department but it's dull everywhere else.It's a mobile port in nearly all the bad aspects of it, no options of any kind, mobile looking icons, hand instead of a mouse cursor.Even though it is a short game (about 1 hour and 20 minutes) it ended with a mix of ""thank god it's over!"" with a ""that's it?"". The pace is bad, the ending was pretty much ""hey, you finished the last puzzle, now the screen will just slowly fade out, you'll get an achievement and be sent back to the main menu"".I can't really recomend this, even at a discount there are better games in the point and click department on Kongregate that don't cost a penny and are paced just right."
,Not Recommended,314020,28328525,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Synthesis,"Even though the art is undeniably beautiful, the gameplay is absolutely pitiful. It really does look like the developers put all of their effort into the game looks, and didn't really spare a thought for the gameplay.The puzzles don't show any indication of what you're actually supposed to do, it's up to you to either click around until something happens and figure it out from there, or get so annoyed that you just look it up. The levels are just a mess, nothing indicates what you're meant to be doing, other than collecting objects for a bug you randomly clicked on, and would have had no idea that you were supposed to do so on purpose. I feel like they attemped to insert some kind of storyline, but all I can seem to gather is that for some reason or another if you put dead bugs back together and throw yellowy balls of gloop at them, you can crawl inside them and take control.That isn't even MENTIONING the game mechanics themselves. Often your character will continue walking in the same direction without you clicking anything, and you will just have to wait for it to stop. Sometimes, for some reason clicking on your character will cause things to happen. There was never any prior indication of this. There is also no indication of where you can and can't walk, it all looks the same.Fortunately this game isn't very expensive at all, otherwise I would have been very annoyed that I had spent my money on this. Some of the things in the screenshots aren't even IN the game. If you're looking for a game that looks good, go for it. If you're actually interested in gameplay? Wouldn't reccomend it, even for this price."
,Not Recommended,314020,17665270,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,alveolate,"could've been a lot more... as it is, it is little more than a glorified interactive art gallery. don't get me wrong, the art is pretty darn awesome (except that last bug in chapter 5 looks really bad for some reason). the landscape makes me wonder if insects see the world in such a vivid way with their different eyes and biology... unfortunately, there's really little else other than the art and immersive ambient music.the controls are annoying. the bugs move terribly slow. the hidden objects are fairly easy to find, but making the bug move to and fro to access different screens... ugh. the puzzles are interesting, but without ANY bit of instruction, they are basically mocking your ability to guess what exactly you're supposed to solve until you ""get"" it. the ""flower draughts"" especially... how are you supposed to guess that you have to move those flowers in that particular way? frustrating and needlessly so. puzzles should at least have a hint on your first move, so it's subtle but not completely dense.my final comment is on the ""plot"". the insect you control ""morphs"" as you progress through the 5 stages; however, your bug actually only metamorphoses once (from 1 to 2). for the other progressions your bug actually changes SPECIES, which not only does not make sense, it also feels awkward. while you are picking up pieces of a fallen bug, you may be thinking: i'm helping this fallen bug in some way. but it turns out... nope. you end up burrowing into its carcass and somehow magically end up ""driving"" the bug you were fixing. what kind of weird is that? it could've been a charming little ""bug helps bug"" story, or an informative ""bug eats bug"" science lesson; instead it is neither... and it doesn't make sense as a sci-fi or fantasy either -- why morph into another bug?the ending doesn't feel satisfying either. i was fully expecting a good cutscene to explain what my bug was trying to do... but nope. nothing. just back to title screen. i felt really cheated at the lack of any resolution... which is why the whole ""game"" really came across as little more than an animated gallery.get it when it's on sale just to see the fantastic hand-drawn art style with the mostly-spot on miniature life animation. otherwise, you can get much more satisfying puzzle games on steam for less."
,Recommended,314020,23889513,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pixel,"`*·✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦·*´Bought Morphopolis in the Art Appreciation pack a while back. No regrets !Finally got around to trying it out and I am not dissapointed !A relaxing atmosphere, challenging puzzles, and of course, stunning art.I really enjoyed playing through this game, even though some might find it a little short.Definitely worth it, especially for the price. With the summersale on top of it right now(price €0,24), I want to say you're underpaying for such a beautiful expierence.`*·✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦`*··*´✧`*··*´✦·*´"
76561198143780306,Recommended,314020,11709545,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SaLi,"This point-and-click advanture game is fun to play, very imaginative and creative. I adore the background music and the graphics although bugs normally would creep me out. The puzzles were fun to solve though because there was no instructions what so ever, it took me a while to figure what I was trying to achieve.Right now, the game only lasts around 1 hour or so, which seemed a bit too short for me (especially for a price of around $10). But would definetly recommend this game if there was more levels to it to add a bit more content."
76561198141040137,Recommended,314020,23237733,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wanaif,"This is a real art of game development. It's not rly a game but a masterpiece.Pleasant relaxing music and some not very difficult puzzles. You have to be attentive in details to complete all the puzzles without tips :)The only minuses:1. It's too short. It will take you 1,5-2 hours to complete the game2. Not very easy control. So sometimes it rly makes you mad :D100% achievementsAll in all it's beautiful!! :)"
76561198035285721,Recommended,314020,18424903,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bigh  🌊 🌋 🌴,"""Creepy crawlers in a mini HoG / puzzle game""This amazing and unique HD graphics adventure plays mostly like a classic HoG. You have to find hidden pieces of insects before you can proceed in the story. If you find them a little nice puzzle awaits you. Insects and their metamorphosis is the main subject of this game. There's a hint system. But actually there exist no menus and pathway hints on the maps. So you are lost in the jungle of microcosmos. And sometimes the mouse controls are really horrible. Nevertheless the game makes fun and at least it's an enjoyable lightweight of puzzleing."
76561198013723081,Recommended,314020,25489984,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"This game is about the life stages of a bug. The art and music in this game are very relaxing. There are also puzzles on each level you must solve and figure out. Some people have issues with these puzzles, but just go watch some youtube videos if you get stuck as this is how i figured out last hardest puzzle in the game.I recommend this game for Artistic styles and music in it. The storyline is non-existent, but i feel this game does not need a storyline. It just involves a bug evolving into different forms.Also, for those who are card hunters, this game has card drops, but be aware, you may have ti ""wait"" awhile for them to drop..The achievments are pretty good for getting pretty simple, except the puzzle ones. If you do not like puzzles, it may be hard to get them.Recommended game!"
,Recommended,314020,22930996,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,keohookalani,"Morphopolis is a gorgeous P&C game bringing you through the life of a bug that morphs into other forms as it completes its journey. Where that journey goes exactly, is not really known, but you will point and click your way through several beautifully designed levels, finding hidden objects to unlock puzzles and continue onto the next stage.The music is rather relaxing and don't get old too quickly but after a long while, you may just want to mute it and play your own music instead.The puzzles aren't too hard but will require a bit of your brain to solve.My biggest gripe is control. As you are controlling your little critter around, sometimes it gets confused or locks up and goes back and forth back and forth cause it doesn't really know what you want. Instead of pointing and clicking and your creature going there, you have to hold it, and not al paths are self-evident.The game moves at a very slow pace, so if you're not in a realxed mood, don't bother to play it or you might get frustrated with the slow speed. Personally I think the game has no replay value, but for such a cheap game, did you really expect any?Overall 6/10 - Get it on sale for an interesting mix of art, music and puzzles."
76561198025195084,Not Recommended,314020,16536213,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,doiron5,"Very pretty, good music, but very short.  It took me about 75 minutes to go through the whole thing and most of that time was spent backtracking because your bug moves friggin slow and every time you solve one minipuzzle you have to revisit all the scenes for the next mini. (the rest of my hours is idling for card drops)I was also expecting to learn something about insects along the way.  However, the presentation is fanciful rather than realistic and there was nothing substantive to take away.The game itself is mostly hidden objects and, mercifully, there's a rechargable hint pointer because some of the objects are very hidden, although that doesn't work in the half dozen instances where you have to guess that clicking your insect in the right spot does something special.  The hidden objects unlock several longer-form puzzles which are a mix of logic and visual matching, all rather easy, some downright trivial, with a couple that will take a few minutes to figure out.  ***Absolutely not solvable if you're color blind as some of them require very subtle color matching.***5/10.  If you get it on a good sale or in a bundle, it's definitely worth a little dabble for the visuals. Otherwise, it's too short and light to recommend."
,Recommended,314020,15457285,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Pointnclickster,"This game is gorgeous. The art style is unique and that is reason enough in my mind to get it, especially if its on sale. The soundtrack is very calming and helps you not get frustrated with the puzzles. The game is meant to be enjoyed slowly, taking in this interesting world. While I love the look and sounds of the game, I have a couple of nitpicks. With each level, I feel you have to click everything to find the next objective. There is sometimes some confusion about where your little insect is allowed to explore. There is a hint system that keeps the player from frustration. The puzzles are everywhere from easy to frustrating. Whether they are easy will simply depend on the player. With each puzzle you are left to figure it out, without any help or explanation. Also, once you begin a puzzle, there is no way to leave it. If you want to quit, you will have to crash the game. There is no save option, so once you begin the level, be prepared to finish it, or have the game run in the background. I had to walk away from certain puzzles sometimes, but the soundtrack is so calming, I didn't mind hearing it. Despite the nitpicks, this is a wonderful little puzzle game with great visuals."
,Recommended,314020,29063195,Posted: 6 January,all,Aleonymous,"Morphopolis is a hidden-object/mini-puzzle game. What makes it special is its insect theme: you guide this bug throughout various stages of its life-cycle transformations!The game has beautiful hand drawn graphics, fluent animation and relaxing/atmospheric/ambient musical overlay. It is pretty simple (mouse only, no settings), with no text at all (button for visual hints only) and a reasonable amount of content and difficulty: I completed its 5 levels in 2 hours, using external help only once. Some of the mini-puzzles (there's 1-2 per level) I did find a bit hard.What mostly frustrated me is that often you don't know what you're supposed to do in the mini-puzzles, or that there's more screens accessible during the hidden objects ""quests"". The Hint button does not help there...In overall, I recommend Morphopolis, much more so for its ultra competitive price: 0.99€ (I got it on discount, for 0.24€!)."
,Recommended,314020,32774941,Posted: 25 June,all,Beepharoni,"Reminds me of highlights image searches as a kid, with relatively easy puzzles thrown into the mix... took me just under 2 hours to finish the entire thing... for 50 cents.. not bad at all."
,Recommended,314020,23789089,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,supernaut,"Dirt cheap, short and sweet, point & click puzzle game with hidden objects. The beautiful art style reminded me of a childrens book, but I can't find it. The music is relaxing and the puzzles are not too challenging, so it's a good way to unwind for a couple of hours, if moving the insect doesn't annoy you too much."
76561197988012862,Recommended,314020,17486448,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,mendel,"Short hidden insect game.Well, technically it's a hidden object game, but in many respects it is different from your typical HOG: here we have hand-drawn art instead of your 3D hodgepodge of object; biological processes instead of a plot with a woman seeking some daughter (not necessarily hers); multi-screen scenes; and collection quests that originate from within the scene.It feels very relaxing (some might call it slow), leaving you to ponder and puzzle out what you're supposed to be doing. I spent a very pleasant 2 hours doing just that. Some of the puzzles are logical, others are actual puzzles: the most ingenious is the one where you put objects back into the scene (putting parts of a plant back in place), and I wish there more of those.It's casual, short, very different, looks beautiful, and plays well. Recommended.This week it is on sale as part of the ""art appreciation pack""."
76561197991384013,Not Recommended,314020,23201458,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Andalouse,"Wonderful visuals, but little else."
,Recommended,314020,25239374,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PinkFire 🦄,"Published by: Dan WaltersDeveloped by: Dan Walters, Ceri WilliamsGenre: Hidden Object, Point & Click, PuzzleRelease Date: August 14, 2014Time to complete: 90 minutesIntroductionFind hidden objects in this beautiful bug-inspired artistic puzzle game.GameplayMorphopolis is a really cute bug-themed point and click puzzle game with a relaxing and atmospheric soundtrack. You play as various bugs as you solve puzzles and find hidden objects to progress to the next chapter. The game is very slow-moving, which was frustrating at times as you have to do a lot of back and forth movement between the different sections to find all the objects. The game doesn’t give any instructions, so you have to work it out for yourself. That’s not really an issue as the game is very straightforward, however there were some points where I wasn’t entirely sure how to proceed and thus spent a lot of time slowly moving from place to place, trying to work out where to go.There is no save function, so if you don’t complete a chapter (there are 5), you have to start it over. This wouldn’t be an issue for me if the movement wasn’t so incredibly slow. The chapters aren’t particularly long though, so it’s not so bad (though, a save feature would be a nice addition).Difficulty & ChallengeThe hidden object component isn’t particularly difficult, but the few puzzles scattered throughout the game do increase in difficulty as the game goes on, the last puzzle being quite a brain teaser. It took me roughly 90 minutes to complete the whole game, but your play time will likely be significantly less than mine if you’re good at puzzles (evidently, I’m pretty average at them!). Only a mouse is needed to play Morphopolis, so the controls add to the simplicity of the game.Graphics & ArtIt’s no secret I’m drawn in by ’pretty’ games, and that was a major component in my decision to purchase Morphopolis. All of the art and animation within the game is completely hand-drawn with beautiful, vibrant colours, and is very pleasant to look at (unless of course you’re not a fan of creepy crawlies).SoundtrackSimple, serene and effective; the soundtrack is largely what makes this game so relaxing, with simple instrumentals coupled with sounds from nature.Replay ValueBecause it’s a puzzler, once you’ve worked the puzzles out the first time, there’s probably no real point playing it again.AchievementsAll the achievements in Morphopolis can be obtained simply by playing through the game. An easy 100%!Overall VerdictBecause of the enjoyable few hours of gameplay Morphopolis gave me, I would definitely recommend it (especially on sale, I picked this one up for only 50 cents and it seems to go on sale frequently). It provides just enough challenge to keep it interesting, and the simplicity makes it a great choice for all age groups.Overall Score: 6/10"
,Recommended,314020,15341027,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ellen,"Since I'm already a fanatic about the insect world, I was bound from the beginning to love the game. The art style and the colors are gorgeous, and it's a great little point-and-click and object search game. For people who care about game length, this game is pretty short - it only took me 1.7 hours to get through the whole thing. The pathfinding was a little arduous at times, but not intolerably so. Big bonus, of course, is steam cards."
,Recommended,314020,32960335,Posted: 28 June,all,Kez,"Good way to kill an hour. The art is fantastic, I am a big fan of insects but some people might find the style unappealing as it is centered around them and includes lots of sound effects. The puzzles are fairly simple, it is essentially a hidden-object game with a few twists. A couple of the puzzles toward the end of the game are pretty tough to solve, the final puzzle was mostly trial and error for me.My only major complaint would be the movement speed of your insect, it's way too slow. I guess the game would be even shorter were it not, but transitioning between screens is an important part of the game and it can be tedious. Stay near the entrance to the screen unless your insect has to interact with something so you can switch screens quickly."
,Not Recommended,314020,31191195,Posted: 16 April,all,AtlasDiesIrae,"TL;DRThe game looks gorgeous but plays terribly. Add that to the fact that the gameplay isn't that memorable to start with and I'd suggest giving this game a hard pass.Buggy ControlsWhen the hardest part of your point-n'-click game is moving around, you should know you have an issue with the design. I do not understand the rationale behind requiring the player to hold down a mouse button to move. Not only that, the controls are so jittery that it's quite easy to transition from one screen to the next and simply have the screen slide right back. And god forbid you try to navigate a three way intersection just to watch your bug sit there and spin aimlessly.As for the gameplay itself, it's mediocre. The ""I Spy"" hidden object sections of the levels are either cakewalks (bright yellow objects on green leaves) or unfairly difficult (brown bug on brown tree bark where 90% of the bug is obstructed by a leaf). Then the puzzles: aside from the first and last puzzles, everything else in between is quite juvenile. Clearly, the entire budget of this game was spent on the Art Department and the Level Designers were just mops with a face drawn on.BreakdownProsAt Least it Looks Nice:so it's got that going for itConsWhat's Gameplay?To say this game had any reasonable amount of gameplay would be lying. Time spent in this game breaks down as such: 10% puzzles, 10% clicking things, 80% moving around doingnothing.Use the Arrow Keys:such a simple thing: just let me use the arrow keys to move around, not some janky ""click on hold"" systemScore: 2/10"
,Not Recommended,314020,28341289,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,felixwcdemelo,"This game has potential, but I think that need some improvements in gameplay, like a menu with tutorial or key bindings. When I paused the game I don't understood nothing, I leave the game 3 times because I don't knew what the icons means, I think that had other box saying, ""Are you sure you want to leave?"", or something like this, would improve. The gameplay is very slow, because the animations, I don't want to wait the animations, I want to play. If had a option in menu for the animations would improve too. The art is very good, I liked so much, if this game  would have a update with this improvements, certainly that I'll play this game more."
,Recommended,314020,11746435,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,FreakinGamererrrr,"Simple gameplay yet a little challenging in some areas. The soundtrack and flowing nature of the animation made it easy to take my time solving some of the more complex puzzles and tasks and was enjoyable in a relaxing sort of way. I like the nature-based artwork with an abstract touch and reminded me of old botany lithographs you might see in some old herbalist or gardening journals. As others have commented, it is short and possibly overpriced for the length, but still enjoyable and I would like to see more like it with more sections perhaps and more options for adjusting sound and a fullscreen setting which, sadly, were missing from the game. Since it played windowed, I WAS able to just maximize the window for a windowed fullscreen so it wasn't too bad. All in all very lovely and interesting concept for a game. I would recommend it for something mellow to play."
,Not Recommended,314020,19387163,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","I was drawn to Morphopolis for the wonderfully unique art-style and the promise of relaxing music and gameplay. Morphopolis delivers on style and audio, but the gameplay swings between calm, maybe even boring, and on the other end of the scale it can be infuriating. If you like hidden object games I'd definitely recommend this, but to most people I would say give it a miss. I'm personally not keen on hidden object games, but I thought I'd give this one a go anyway for a change of pace. Some some of the puzzles in Morphopolis left me without any clue how to interact with them, and I had to resort to Googling to know how to even grasp some basic controls. The most important thing I could have known going into the game is that clicking/tapping on your own bug is something you can (and should) do, which simply didn't occur to me until I read an introduction on how to play the game after becoming stuck, which kind of seems like the sort of thing the game should be guiding you into doing. The most positive thing about this game was that I was able to draw my wife into playing it with me. It works great on a touch screen so we were both able to tap away at the screen together working on puzzles and looking for hidden bugs and junk. It's not a long game, but at the end of it we were glad it was over.4 out of 10, would not dig around for bugs again. Purdy though."
76561198021560005,Recommended,314020,25203504,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MoZiz_Kong,"My wife loves it! But I had to help her twice with the puzzles which aren't easy at all. Really nice draw, great game."
76561198070927422,Not Recommended,314020,26075361,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,atoews,"While the puzzles were challenging enough, and therefore entertaining (heck, trying to figure out how to play the game was a challenge in itself), the amount of time spent walking slowly from frame to frame of the maps was ridiculous. This is a short game, let it be short. Don't artificially inflate the play time by adding the tedium of lumbering all over the map for every round of hidden items. And I kind of get the whole minimalist thing, but I expect labels on menu buttons. I got to the end of the second level and didn't realize I had to go into the green glowy spot to finish the level so I clicked on the menu-shaped button only to see the same button and a forward arrow. Having no idea what to do I clicked the menu button not realizing it would take me back to the main menu. Well, turns out that erases all of your progress leaving you to start from the beginning. It wasn't a huge loss of time, but it was a stupid loss of time when all they had to do was put a few words on the screen.I was likewise unimpressed by the art and atmosphere of the game, but you can chalk that up to personal preference. This wouldn't really have been an issue if those aspects hadn't been hyped, but the music was dull and the art just meh. Still, the game is only two bucks so it's not that long of a limb to step out onto."
,Recommended,314020,15877228,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,✨Ayla✨,"I bought this game when it was on sale for 24 cents. And for 24 cents I obviously have no regrets. The only negative things I have to say about this game is that its a bit slow paced with the insects you play. I found myself getting a little impatient where I needed to go, but nothing that makes this game bad.One thing I really loved about the game is the soundtrack, which I found very relaxing. The art in the game is colorful and well done. And the game itself is like a clicker mixed with a hidden puzzle game, which is really fun. Some of mini games can be a bit confusing if you aren't sure what you are suppose to do. The game itself is about 3 hours long, and the achievements are really easy to get."
76561198042646749,Recommended,314020,29100773,Posted: 7 January,all,kris.aalst,"'Morphopolis' is a casual 'hidden object game'. As is common in these games, there are some puzzles to be solved, too. The game consists of 5 levels which will take you 25 minutes each on average, mostly depending on how fast you solve the puzzles. The insect you control moves slowly, so this game is not for the impatient.GameplayGameplay consists of you clicking on large objects (large insects or plants) to see if they need completion (e.g. missing legs or petals). If they do, you'll see an icon of what type of item you need to collect and how many of those you need to collect. Next, you'll be looking for these items and when you have them, click on the large insect or plant again to complete it and advance through the game. Also, when you click on the insect you control, it'll er... do something that can open 'containers' like berries or closed flowers.None of this is explained in the game. There is some sort of a tutorial but it just points you at the object you need to click on next, without explaining what's happening. Especially the last part I mentioned about clicking on your avatar was something they should have explained. It took me a while to figure it out, I was about to forfait when I accidentally clicked on my avatar near a berry.Graphics and soundThe graphics are nice enough but not breathtaking as some people would have you believe. Maybe I expected more simplybecausea lot of people talk about how stunning the graphics are, could be. Also, during the first level I saw green flashes across half the screen from time to time. I run Windows 7. When looking for a solution for this, I stumbled upon a lot of complaints that the game is suffering from extreme screen flickering when running it in Windows 10, rendering the game unplayable for them. Luckily, the flashing stopped for me after the first level. So there are some technical issues with the game for some people.The background music is very nice and relaxing. It fits the game's atmosphere completely.There are no options whatsoever, not for graphics or sound or anything.A word about the Steam extras'Morphopolis' has 5 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 just for running the game.The Steam Achievements are most basic and 100% unmissable. I know it's not easy to come up with original achievements for a hidden object game but it can be done. One quick example would be a well-hidden object in each level that you need to find for an optional achievement. The puzzles are certainly a missed opportunity for some optional achievements. One example could be to finish one or more of the puzzles in less than a specified number of moves.VerdictIf you like hidden object games that include some puzzling, you'll love this game, although you may find it way too short. If you like puzzle games and/or point & click adventure games but aren't crazy about hidden object games, like I am, give Morphopolis a try anyway. It's short enough, the objects you need to find aren't that well hidden (it's not a pixel hunt at all!) and you really can't go wrong at this price, can you?"
,Not Recommended,314020,33039043,Posted: 30 June,all,iriyap,"This is a hidden object game that was initially made with mobile phones/touchscreen devices in mind.The art is gorgeous, but Morphopolis is very poor as a game, You control an insect that slowly crawls over a series of screens and collects various objects to unlock puzzles and progress further. There's 5 levels in total including the tutorial level and the game can be completed in about 2 hours. The controls were made for touchscreen, using mouse is very tedious (e.g. you need to click and hold down the button when moving), your insect hero moves very slow, which feels like unnecessary padding, the puzzles are very simplistic and really nothing to write home about. Honestly the whole thing just feels like an art gallery or a tech demo, not fun at all as a game."
,Recommended,314020,16825344,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nyarosh,A whole new level of your insectophobia.
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,314020,23062612,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DaHotFuzz,"Pros: Pretty graphics and nice musicCons: Literally everything else about the game.  No instructions where to go, no idea what paths you can walk on, you basically click aimlessly until you figure out what happens next, lots of pointless backtracking, you move painfully slow and the puzzles are more annoying than engaging.I picked this up for like $1 but I wouldn't recommend it even if it were free.  I want the two hours of my life back please."
,Recommended,314020,16824963,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 82%Morphopolis is an incredibly short hidden object puzzle game and art showcase, where you control a bug in a series of astonishing, hand-drawn scenes.Long version:Morphopolis is a simple hidden object game, where the goal is to gather a series of similar items. These items unlock a minigame, another item, or a new screen you can explore.There is no real story: you control a bug which ends up in a larger body in each chapter, and that’s about it.Therefore, the game sells itself with a unique (slightly Moebius-like) art style. This somewhat alien landscape is a marvel to look at, but doesn’t overstay its welcome: most chapters are barely ten minute long– even though your movement is incredibly slow. Naturally this means the whole game lasts barely an hour, but if you like this distinct visual style, Morphopolis is an excellent pick."
76561197983977864,Not Recommended,314020,16837829,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Perogi,"To me this was just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Tiny Bang Story. The walking around is cumbersome and mind-numbingly boring. The puzzles are somehow both generic and confusing. It took me like five ♥♥♥♥ing minutes to figure out one of the puzzles was checkers because it was the first time I had to click and drag in the entire game and it didn't tell me dragging was a thing.It's cheap, but even if it was free I'd go back and not waste my time on it."
,Recommended,314020,19598884,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GeneSteeler,Morphopolis is a relatively short hidden object/mini-puzzle game which is high on ambiance.  It is a very serene setting with a gentle soundtrack and pleasant visuals with a kaleidoscope of colour.  Overall I found it a relaxing way to spend a couple evenings after a stressful day at work.  7/10
,Recommended,314020,15449718,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sfro,"This game is definitely something to try outIt's not a particularlyoutstandingpoint-and-click, but it is very well made, and definitely worth the moneyLet's be honest here, most people probably bought it because it is so cheap when on sale and the cards it drops reimburse most (if not all) the priceBut there is actually a real game behind those 0.25€, and it is verywell madeandenjoyable, and honestly, the onlybad pointis that it isvery short(Took me only 2 hours)The art style is verypleasantanddetailedThe music is veryrelaxing, and albeit a bit repetitive sometimes, isnever annoyingThe puzzles areentertaining, they are neither impossible nor super simpleAnd, overall, the game is a veryrelaxing and pleasant experienceDefinitely worth those 0€ you'll spend on it !"
,Recommended,314020,23412836,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,AbbydonPrime,"This is the most beautifully illustrated game I have ever seen. It is a very unique point-and-click game. The concept of being an insect and going on a journey of metomorphosis is quite original. The hidden objects and puzzles were not too difficult, but they weren't too easy, either.The point-and-click mechanics could use some work. It pretty much required clicking very carefully directly in front of the bug in the direction you want it to go. It could not find its own path when there were multiple ways to go. It would also turn around and go to a previous screen if the clicking was not precise enough.There is one thing that takes a lot of fun out of this game: the final beetle slider puzzle. It's so difficult that there's a long discussion thread about it. Slider puzzles are games unto themselves. To put one into such a pleasant, casual game is just infuriating. Luckily, someonemade a solverto end the insanity.Still, it's a pleasant game to experience and admire.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=689780991---For more...My Reviews||My casual gaming...Group|Curator Page"
,Recommended,314020,32185806,Posted: 4 June,all,HaveaHeart,I came for the art.  Some of the events are disturbing if bugs freak you out.  Otherwise this is a nifty little game of finding and growing.
76561198119978955,Recommended,314020,15346830,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,EternalClimb,"Finally, the game which has a charm of telling arts, relaxing sounds and possessive gameplay for those in the contemplative mood!Just time passing and observation lets you discover the goal and way to reach it."
,Not Recommended,314020,18062215,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Oreven,"Not really a game, more like an interactive slideshow. The gameplay is very very very slow and inaccurate. There is only five levels, and not even a settings menu. Literally, you can only play or leave. The art atmosphere is nice and some puzzles are great, but the game is far from complete."
,Recommended,314020,17899393,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,S0YxSauCe,A very interesting insect theme puzzle game with hard to solve puzzle. And bad control.
,Not Recommended,314020,28510461,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,paste.xyz,If you want easy steam cards then go for it... otherwise the gameplay is bad... also developers wanted to make the game longer by forcing us to backtrack to collect something... Graphics are pretty good but animations are a bit outdated.Short game (1.7h needed for 100%)
76561198105277165,Recommended,314020,29499887,Posted: 26 January,all,Rapid,Pretty hard but easy at the same time good to relax
,Recommended,314020,22316961,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,B a l l a g e,This game is good.The gameplay not the best but good. And the backround is good. The game is short so you don't have to play with this game a lot if you want to see end of the game.You can do all achievements.And you can get trading cards.
,Recommended,314020,29143343,Posted: 9 January,all,somesum,"This game tastes like Paisley!Very short, point and click, easy puzzle game.Trundle your bug around and randomly click on things in your path.. or that just look different; to reveal collectables needed to start the puzzles; and move you forward through the scenes.Easy 100%."
,Recommended,314020,15817688,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,KitthiX,"Strangely relaxing hidden object and puzzle game about insects. It took me an hour and a half to play through the story. Soothing music, pretty visuals, all-in-all I had a pleasant experience. Pick it up on sale or in a bundle, then go ahead and play through while you're farming your cards; you won't regret it. :)"
76561198047266382,Recommended,314020,16807058,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"Morphopolis is one of those little gems you only find every once and a while.The quaint, relaxing and rather beautiful soundtrack does wonders to match with the utterly gorgeous visuals. The game is a gorgeous conglomeration of different puzzles, stitched together to make a wonderful seamless whole. Sometimes the way to progress is not immediately obvious and that is what adds to the level of difficulty, and maybe once or twice a patch of annoying.Beginning your journey as an aphid grub, you find the puzzles that need solving and then find the parts within the environment around you to help you progress. Whether it would be a disguise to scare a beetle off, legs or antennae to fix the next bug body in which you will inhabit to the next level.With the game only having 5 fairly short chapters to it, it does make for a rather short play, without much replay value. Be that as it may, it still gives you a solid 2 to 3 hours at the minimum of play.I never once found myself wanting to put this down as the combo of the amazing soundtrack, visuals and just the layout of each level made me want to progress and become the bug God(ess). That also being said, the ending was quite brief, aside from the 'Bug God' achievement popping up and the screen slowly fading to black, I wouldn't have really expected it to stop there, in fact I was waiting for the level section to return for me to select the next level, but such didn't happen.None the less, if you're in the mood for a slow paced, chill, relaxing and utterly gorgeous game with some decently difficult puzzles, this is for you.Enjoyed every second of this little number."
,Recommended,314020,16450578,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ПростиМеня|TSLMachine,"First of all, I bought this game for the cards, not gonna lie. Upon running the game, I was just planning on leaving it on until I get all the card drops while I play either another game or the Monster Summer Game 2015 like I've been doing the past few days. But the first scene I saw (after the loading screen) made me go, ""Woah."" The art is beautiful, unlike what I generally expect from games that go as low as this. I'm a bit of a puzzle and hidden object man myself so I decided to give this a try. I spent my first minute [after clicking on the first chapter] thinking about what the hell do I do because there's nothing that tells you how things work at all off the bat, not even any in-game settings. The hint button helped out a lot though, until I've gotten the hang of it. The whole thing is pretty short, even for its full price, but my overall experience was great. The only negative thing that I could say about this game is that with respect to the kind of bug you're controlling, you [the bug] just move too slowly. I didn't mind the progress in the chapter not being saved when you exit as I was able to finish it in one sitting (with a lot of alt-tabbing) anyways.Full to heavily discounted price, you get what you paid for, and then some.9/10"
76561198071591920,Recommended,314020,21375857,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,bucketman,"An artsy bugcrawling simulator with no discernible plot. Much like Neverending Nightmares but way shorter, better-looking, with things to actually do and from time to time a tired mathematics puzzle jumps out of nowhere to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you when you least expect it. Overall a pretty decent experience for its price tag."
76561198048514027,Not Recommended,314020,16819304,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,dwb,Not my type of game... Its like a point and click game you would play in a bar.
76561198015425994,Not Recommended,314020,16848298,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bcdegptv3,Boring but easy to get a perfect game.
76561198129447711,Not Recommended,314020,16822293,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,c0sm0s,"I think the best part about this game is the art, but that is not even enough to enjoy it. For the first few minutes into the game I don't even understand what I'm supposed to do, click on a caterpiller? This game also seems a little buggy, I couldn't exit without crashing the program."
,Recommended,314020,24340855,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ruben_eduardo,"Im a sucker for these games, i always love them and this one is no exception. Really good art."
,Recommended,314020,29834810,Posted: 10 February,all,Melwen,"Nice short puzzle game. You find some creature on the screen and you must search other screens for the objects it needs, clicking them. When you do this, a path opens or a puzzle is shown for you to solve it.I had some issues moving the insect and the Bettle Mask puzzle was counterintuitive, but overall this game was beautiful and interesting."
,Recommended,314020,28412021,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sandalwood,"A 'hidden object' game blended with minor lateral thinking puzzles, Morphopolis is best summarised as a scavenger hunt within a living painting of the micro-scale insect world.  The interface is minimalistic--there is no options menu of which to speak and only a couple of pointing fingers at the very beginning will provide hints to start you on your way.  Perhaps in an effort to compel the player to savour the environment and explore it, objectives are kept vague and unintuitive, often discovered simply by frantically clicking all over the place until some unremarkable object triggers another collection quest.  It is not a failure--this hands-off approach of function and clear paths of progression does accomplish the task of encouraging exploration, but the developer was a little too loose with it.Despite these minor flaws, the music and art style are soothing and most of the puzzles, once discovered are simple enough to lend to that same tranquil atmosphere, and each challenge is varied enough to be equally as challenging as rewarding to complete.If you enjoy hidden object games, you may enjoy Morphopolis as a quick snack, but you'll quickly complete it and find yourself searching for more filling meals afterward.  Morphopolis is right for the price, given that it provides two or three hours of gameplay, and may be plucked for less than a dollar during most Steam sales, so I do recommend it if environmental and casual puzzles or scavenger hunts interest you."
,Recommended,314020,28498783,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Indigo Awakening,"If you're into cerebral point-and-clickers in a vibrant atmosphere, look no further! Morphopolis delivers just that. You're taken into a short-lived adventure of 5 different insects trying to find shelter while scavenging through foliage for items and other insects while solving puzzles.Truly a unique gaming experience; however, I felt the game to be rather slow-paced and frustrating at times (e.g. the game's lack of surrounding area guidance and awkward controlling). That said, it was definitely worth the price of 2 quarters.Additionally, it might be worth taking a break once in a while since the color pallete of the background could prove overwhelming for one sitting. I got a mild headache after 45 minutes.Score:(4/5) for an Indie Game(5/5) for Achievement Hunters(1/5) for Replay ValueBonus:(5/5) for the Price"
76561198092365425,Not Recommended,314020,29257736,Posted: 14 January,all,HeartOfDarkness7,"It's not a bad game outright, and the art is okay, I guess.  I'm giving this a thumbs-down because there really isn't much to it at all.  You click on the items on the screen to move forward with the game.  It isn't hard.  The music is alright as well.  The main reason I am giving this a thumbs-down is because there just isn't much to it.  You play for a bit, scratch your head and say, ""Well, that was it I suppose."" The price is okay, but I apart from that I don't know if it is worth the time.  I got it, because I thought it would be like Botanicula, but it isn't."
76561197983550854,Recommended,314020,15369031,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zamboni -  fotzepolitic,"Marvelous game and holy crap how could you not spend $0.25 on this gem. Its true the mouse controls can be a bit slow to respond and annoying at times but the the music, art and puzzles are what make this well worth the 1 or 2 of your time it takes to finish based on your puzzle prowness.  One I think must have solved due soley based on Murphy's Law.  Anyhow the music is stellar with its insect like stacatto beats and windchimey quality dancing off the crazy flora.  Not much story other than being a metaphormasizing insect peramedic.  Some of the puzzles are gruelly hard why other are just so beautiful and clever they will make you smile.  Dr. Seuss would definately approve this game."
,Not Recommended,314020,31164973,Posted: 15 April,all,Element,"The creators of Morphopolis slowed the game down to make up for it's shortness, meaning that you'll fall asleep five minutes through at this dull gameplay. Also, a glitch in one of the missions caused me to have to restart level 2. So that's pretty much all that needs to be said. Great artwork but a repetitive soundtrack makes the game even more boring."
,Recommended,314020,30991244,Posted: 6 April,all,Anjesen,"A beautiful yet very short game.The graphics are very artsy and the ambiental music is soothing.There are some easy puzzles and the Steam achievements are pretty straightforward (you can't finish the game without achieving all of them).There's only 5 short levels in Morpholis, all of them totally playable through click and drag with a 1-button mouse.If you like artsy short games with no story, maybe you will like this game."
,Recommended,314020,15522572,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,"Boots, the Prophet","Very similar to The Tiny Bang Story, and I don't say refer to this as a negative aspect due to the fact that I really enjoyed TTBS. Basically you are an insect and each game's level represents a metamorphosis stage in the bug's life. The art style is amazing in Morphopolis and I really enjoyed it's concept. The gameplay is pretty similar to TTBS where you have to pick up certain items to have the chance to solve a certain puzzle. The hint system is well setup in a way that it cannot be overused and only utilized in a emergency situation. The game itself has 5 stages, and it's about two hours long. The soundtrack is very relaxing. I feel like I should have payed the full price, in order to motivate the developers to make more of this type of games, but instead I purchased Morphopolis for a ridiculous amount of 24 cents... Anyways, I naturally recommend Morphopolis for the point&click gamer.PS: It's one of those games you get all the achievements simply by beating the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=431272125"
76561198091040795,Recommended,314020,16774837,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Indigoslayer,"Wonderful beautiful game. The music and art style are fantastic. It's fairly short - I beat it in less than two hours. But the achievements are impossible to miss, so it's an easy 100% completion on one playthrough. Some of the puzzles were challenging, and it took me a few minutes to get an idea for the play style (point and click adventure/puzzles). But I had never played anything like it before. 10/10 would recommend for a bug filled fun world."
,Recommended,314020,17782276,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,♣ Coraline Castell ♣,"Short review:Morphopolisis beautiful, but it islacking. I'm glad it's short because otherwise it would berepetitive. The puzzles are as beautiful as the game, but as repetitive as the same could become - for anyone who is into puzzles will have seen those same puzzles before.I recommend this game to be bought onsale. Casual gamers, puzzlers, art enthusiasts and patient people should be fond of this gem.The music is relaxing and beautiful, soheadphonesare surely recommended."
,Not Recommended,314020,15757275,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,delmoth_darmark,Just click randomly until you win.  It will take less than an hour.
,Not Recommended,314020,17504059,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,MyMoustache,"It was quite fun, very nice illustrations and a chilling soundtrack, but there is a major problem: I had to restart the game after every level because the framerate droped to about 2fps. Anyoing somehow..No quicksave druing a level and if you start a puzzle, there is no way to cancle and go back to try it later."
,Recommended,314020,15339336,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Vepyr,"A lovely puzzle-game with a sweet soundtrack! Just a relaxing game, beautifully drawn and every single Level looks like a painting..."
,Recommended,314020,17487047,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Marceloid,A game about Bugfixing.9/10 The game's so slow-paced...
,Not Recommended,314020,29574044,Posted: 29 January,all,margaret_friday,"This would be a very pleasant game, I love the artwork and the music. However, the awful gameplay ruins all the fun. First of all, one cannot save the game mid-level - if I cannot complete the level for whatever reason, my whole progress on it is gone, I have to start the level all over. Secondly, controls are very corny and counter-intuitive. Finally, the mini-games are not only hard (which is fair enough, obviously I have only my own mind to blame for that), but sometimes it's nearly impossible to figure out their objective in the first place. Do yourself a favour and buy a game by Amanita instead (Samorost series, Botanicula, Machinarium) - equally intricate art-wise and much better in gameplay department."
76561198200670434,Not Recommended,314020,32005587,Posted: 27 May,all,Ossido84,The game is cheap and the art is nice. Maybe it s suited for little children to spend an afternoon looking at the picture and listening to the music. The puzzles are unfortunately unsolvable for colorblind people.
76561198150131109,Recommended,314020,16879163,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SaintDam,"Ok, i just finished this litle gem, in about 70-80 mins, taking my time to see the amazing artworkAs said by other reviews this is essentially a hidden object game with some easy puzzles. The music is amazing and completes its theme. Definately worth to buy on sale even if you are not big fun of this genre. I only wish it was longer!The only negative i can think of is the fact that if you want the steam cards you have to leave it open and running without any other game launched, after you have finished it. (lol)"
,Recommended,314020,16875998,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,paX,"Morphopolis is a very beautiful little puzzle game with five (sometimes challenging) levels.Especially the art is great, the whole game looks like a crazy (moving) abstract painting.The gameplay contains some ""hidden-object-style click-and-collect puzzles"" mixed with one or two oldschool-adventure-game puzzles per level. Most of these puzzles are very simple, still they could be frustrating ;-)Dont expect more than 2 hours gameplay, the game is really short!"
,Recommended,314020,25132650,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bandai Namco Entertainment,"Where to begin?The game is very much for your appearance. Here you will be cut eye pixels.All models and environment worked out very nicely.Music - 10.Few poor management, but the gameplay is all overlaps.10 of 10 grasshoppers"
,Recommended,314020,21350770,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bodhsativa,"It's a hidden object game with some light puzzle elements. I didn't care much for the gameplay, but I bought it for the visual feast. The art is vibrant and detailed. The game is a pleasure to view.The music is also enjoyable."
,Recommended,314020,25320929,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Angry Owl,"Just a short little game about life of bugs. Has some lovely art, animation though is lackluster.Basically you get regular hidden object gameplay and few puzzles for 2 bucks.Kinda average, but potenital is there."
,Not Recommended,314020,16230089,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Vaibhav Vishal,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ the worm(or whatever it was) moves so slow. Dear developers we don't have whole day just waiting for the worn to reach from one end of screen to the other, while we are continuously holding the left mouse button, why can't we just click.Puzzles were a little difficult(those in later levels) but fun."
,Recommended,314020,18906600,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Luxurychoccie,"Morphopolis is a beautiful slow paced hidden object puzzle game. The artwork is mesmerising, the music is calming, and although the controls can be a little awkward at times, I love how smooth the transition between panels is- including the ability to grab last second object as you're already moving offscreen.With regards to the puzzles- the tangled string and beetle swap ones being the best in my opinion, were well thought out and had a challenging yet fun level of difficulty. In retrospect one thing I loved (Though hated at the time) was the complete lack of instruction within the puzzles. On more than one or two I would be sat there wondering what the heck I was even supposed to do (Flower placement puzzle), but it's a great way to get you thinking and working hard for your achievements.All in all, I got this game for about 15p in the Halloween sale, and I really wish I'd paid more for it. £4 would have been a stretch, but I'd say this one is definitely worth £3. At almost 2 hours long, it's a perfect game for a nice chill evening :)"
,Recommended,314020,25989651,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,rambrozle,"Quick, fun, and easy puzzle game with beautiful visuals."
,Recommended,314020,29240684,Posted: 13 January,all,Rexy⓻⓿⓹,"Very beautiful game with very detailed backgrounds. Although it's just a point-and-click game sometimes I would click somewhere and the character would just get stuck moving back and forth. The puzzles were the best part of the game since the rest of it was just collecting stuff. It'll entertain you for an hour or two, worth it for such a low price. If you can do that final puzzle without searching it up, I applaud you."
,Recommended,314020,26052231,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rengerais™,This game is such a beauty.Nice game with long enough gameplay. Beautiful graphics and relaxing gameplay.
,Recommended,314020,25401106,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mandelbrot,"A nice short game where you must search for various hidden objects. At times the controls can be a bit bad. Also the insect you control moves around agonizingly slowly. The final puzzle is very difficult, if you really don't get it then visitmeekee7.github.io/beetlepuzzlesolverfor a solution (this link works as of 8th September 2016). The music is also somewhat nice."
,Recommended,314020,15391032,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,★ faXcooL #DRŽAVA,nice game =)
,Recommended,314020,16061121,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SpoopyDoops,"Morphopolis is a great game for a one session experience. The art is great, the music is okay at pulling you in, and it goes on sale for less than a dollar sometimes. Plus (and this part is sneaky), although it doesn't say it comes with the soundtrack, if you go into your local files all the music is segmented into tracks and in mp3 format, so free sountrack! Overall get this game if you can get it for less than a dollar."
,Recommended,314020,16379748,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CaffeinatedSunflower,"It is beautiful, not your average game, but it is worth it."
,Recommended,314020,16847940,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Misora,Visually stunning! Enjoyed the music very well too. A simple game for anyone to enjoy.
,Recommended,314020,16826094,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ruphine,"I hate insects, but I had no idea they can make a good puzzle gamesDon't buy this game if you don't like puzzles, or can't stand the insects.Otherwise, buy it while it on sale.Worth it...There are many nice puzzles in this gameHint can't be used for puzzle, so it'll hard to solveHints are only for finding objectsPretty short game, I finished it for 2 hours"
76561198133811080,Recommended,314020,16841457,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chihiro Fushimi [On PS4],10/10 will buy because of this huge discount
76561198134223967,Recommended,314020,16851504,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Nariel,"Very beautiful game, original soundtracks, you can get stuck sometimes not knowing what to do, although you get the hang of it.The only complaim I have is that the game is too short, when I finally understood the game it was over and I was like""wait a minute..............what the..h..."""
76561198008196389,Recommended,314020,16323429,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NoodleSlinger,"Never thought I'd describe a game this way, but this game is RELAXING. The music and trippy artwork mixed with the fact that you're playing as a bug does something nice for a tired overworked brain.This is a mild puzzle game with no real instructions, but don't let that drive you off. It's actually really fun and the music is superb.You have to find your ""quests"" by clicking on the more interesting pieces of the scenery then once you've found all the required items (it counts down) you click on the completed item bubble and it'll show you ""who"" to turn it in to.This aspect of the game is very much like Where's Waldo. You have to look in the background to find your ""quest"" objects. Some will be easy and some will be tucked away. When your ""hero"" bug glows green you have to find what else is glowing green and try to sit on it.It's very short (if you're good at the puzzles about 2 hrs),  but worth it if you like Where's Waldo and medium difficulty puzzles."
,Recommended,314020,16370891,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Meshich,"Beautiful game with excellent atmosphere.Not that hard to solve all puzzles, except last one.All achievements are easy to get, which is good.Totally recommended to buy this game, especially when it's on sale."
76561198079943386,Recommended,314020,16826403,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Beki710,Picked this game up for £0.15 and it's given me a nice 2 hours of gameplay.Gorgeous graphics and I enjoyed the point and click puzzle elements.The only frustrating bit is that the puzzles have no instructions and the hint button doesn't work when you are completing one so the first bit of many of the puzzles is clicking around the screen to try and get something to work. Also if you quit halfway through a level it doesn't save it for you.It's a nice game whilst it's on sale but I don't think I would have purchased it full price.
,Recommended,314020,30344235,Posted: 5 March,all,Mike,"Calm and slow puzzle game. Beautiful graphics (if you like bugs and other insects), suitable for children :-)Mechanic is sometimes a little bit annoying, game can be solved in around an hour and a half I'd say."
,Recommended,314020,21282078,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"Morphopolisis a short, pleasant hidden-object game rendered in a vivid and lovely art style.  Takes about 1-2 hours to complete.  There's no story, just five chapters that wordlessly depict scenes from the everyday lives of various insects.  Aside from the hidden-object searches, each chapter contains a puzzle or two that I would place on the easy-to-moderate end of the difficulty spectrum.  Fun, relaxing, and unique;  it's definitely worth the price."
76561198022966154,Recommended,314020,24292738,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Backseatgamern,"This game is going to bring you about 1-2 hours of enjoyment and some struggle for the brain. It dosen't tell you anything with text which makes the struggle harder than it could be, and all in all that works out for the better. It's not one of those games I feel like I'll ever get back to run again. But it has a lot going for it both in the musicscore and visually. It kindof feels like looking at and analysing a painting and suddenly the painting comes to life, take that and add on some puzzles that are tricky, but simple enough for anyone to figure them out.For the price I'd say it's really worth picking up, if not then look at a let's play of it so you can enjoy it that way."
,Recommended,314020,16928463,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Vortiene,"Take a break from those daunting, 100 hour RPG games for a quick, fairly enjoyable, somewhat atmospheric and artistically stimulating game about insects and nature. It's a hidden object game, essentially, with some progressively more difficult puzzle solving elements. The game itself will likely take a maximum of 2 hours to complete but is enjoyable for its low pricing. Not going to be a deep, thought provoking narrative, per se, but the raw feel of the minimal hand holding and discovery is enjoyable. The art style works well with the game's simplicity, and the idea of continuously going through a sort of metamorphosis through levels makes the game more interesting.My one qualm with the game is that as it seems to be designed for touch devices, clicking the direction to move is the only option rather than key input (which would seem somewhat more natural for this game)."
76561197977670949,Recommended,314020,16355052,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,biostudent,"Visually, this game is nice. Control and documentation/instructions, this game is not so good.I picked this up on sale for $0.19 USD during Steam Summer Sale 2015. The value of the entertainment provided is at least worth a dollar, so this was in my opinion a good value.This is basically a hidden object/click and find game with a few puzzles thrown in. There are 5 levels. A short game, but fun enough. The puzzles are a nice easy casual level. The hidden object portion is clunky. You usually have at least two different screens to look for your objects. Your insect starts in one corner of a screen, you click and hold to tell it where to go. You have a hint box in the upper right corner. You can use it if you get a bit lost. It takes time to replenish. The insect moves slow and the paths are not always clear/easy to navigate. You spend a lot of time going back and forth.Some of the puzzles are not so evident as far as what you're supposed to do. For example, there is a puzzle that is basically a peg game. You have a grid of objects with the center unoccupied. You need to jump one object over another to remove it from the grid. Repeat until you only have one object remaining. Pretty simple. The problem was that there were no instructions telling you how to do this. You need to click and hold then drag. Artifact of being a mobile app/game for a touch screen?The background music, is just that, background music. It's not an epic fighting game, it's a puzzle game, so the music is repetitive new age sounding instrumentals. Easy to ignore, but really, nothing bad.Overall, get it on sale and it's worth a few minutes of distraction."
,Recommended,314020,34146462,Posted: 10 August,all,demofusion,"A visually gorgeous little game with a surprising and original premise, some decent puzzles and above all else, lovely design and soundtrack. It was offered at a tiny fraction of its already low price via a gift coupon from Steam, so I gave it a go.The developers say it was inspired by games like Machinarium and The Tiny Bang Story, but here the idea is taken to a totally different level. The ""protagonist"" is a little larva which gradually transforms (hence ""Morpho""-polis, also a reference to the iconic film Metropolis by Fritz Lang) into a perfectly grown insect, all the while helping other creatures and plants in its environment find food or complete their own development. The pretty much repetitive process in each part of the story (five in total) is interspersed with full-screen puzzles of varied styles, not too hard to solve once you have got the hang of it, but where what you are supposed to do isn't always obvious or straightforward.That, and some occasional difficulty in moving the main ""character"" around and interacting with the surrounding objects could be considered as a very small drawback to an otherwise exceptionally beautiful, relaxing and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,314020,33019136,Posted: 29 June,all,Nick,A horribly twisted game in which you are a small bug that must scavenge the corpses of increasingly larger bugs so that you may re-animate them to rule the bug kingdom with an iron tarsus.Just kidding. It's a fun puzzle/hidden-object game with fantastic art. Recommended.Seriously though I wasn't kidding about that scavenging bit.
,Recommended,314020,16873937,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lemures,"Comes with cards so It's basically free at the discounted price, takes about 60-90 minutes to complete so long as you don't get stuck on any of the puzzles and is everything Spore should have been!+ Puzzles+ Resource Gathering+ Creature Management+ Pretty Graphics+++ Bug Necromancy and Possession!- Puzzles- I've no idea why it takes over 1GB to install.Also if you actually take in the scenery and backgrounds it's pretty grim being a bug."
76561198077429566,Not Recommended,314020,33191989,Posted: 3 July,all,Chickenbowser,"Beautiful art but gameplay is poorly optimized for play on PC with puzzles and objects being extremely unresponsive when clicked with a mouse. Puzzles are generaly simple but can be unintuative at times.Also there is no saving, no backing out of puzzles to get a clean start and no music volume. The last one was particularly annoying because I wanted to throw on a podcast (since the game has such a slow pace) but the game's music completly drowned out anything else I played on my computer."
76561198070745657,Recommended,314020,25771072,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,czernuski,"If you really had a hard day and do not want to play any dynamic stuff, this is just the game. A bit monotonous, with a soundtrack that gets stuck in your ear after a while, maybe a little tiring/boring, sometimes even a bit sinister. Slow movements, lots of insects. The visual style is rather interesting, through. Some puzzles may get you stuck, I struggled at least twice and had to consult a guide.Takes a couple of hours to finish all five levels. A game to walk through and put away forever. Not bad, not at all, but I wouldn't call it a gem.Just finished it and don't even know what else to say. Seems like I'm turning into an insect, too. Meh.PS I'm giving it a thumbs up but it's more like shrugging my shoulders."
,Not Recommended,314020,35111076,Posted: 21 September,all,mike,"The idea is not bad, the art is interesting, but it's a very frustring game which ignores some of your mouse clicks where you click on stuff you think should be relevant, nothing happens so you search around at the super slow pace of your insect, then you give up and click the ""?"" button which happily shows where you originically clicked and magically now it works.This pretty much removed all the enjoyment the game could have provided.Also the fact there's no explanation of any kind makes you miss some stuff until you realize it by mistake... like you can click on the insect to trigger some effects. That was not obvious, and it's necessary in a number of places."
,Recommended,314020,26449576,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Genrin619,"I absolutely love this game. It's a must if you like puzzles. I played it through in one sitting.Gameplay:The game is a bit slow to start with, but after clicking around a bit, it's pretty easy to figure out the overall goals. You move through one insect body to the next (in each stage),clicking flowers and other insects along the way. You'll need to retrive things for them. Bringing items to the insects (usually) makes them move out of your way, while bringing items to the flowers (usually) results in puzzles with a much needed item granted after. The items are listed on the left of the screen after clicking on a bug/flower and a question mark in the top left gives hints; it will just make a noise if there's nothing you need to do on the current screen.The puzzles require a bit of fiddling with, but once you figure out what to do they're straightforward with just enough challenge.Controls:Just point and click/drag. Sometimes your bug will have atinybit of trouble figuring out if you want it to turn around or go up/down, but it's nothing major and adjusts quickly. Doesn't really affect gameplay.Achievements:If you play the game through, you'll get them all. They're awarded for milestones rather than special circumstances or secrets.Graphics:The graphics are gorgeous. Colorful and 2D, layered for depth. It makes it difficult to find what you're looking for sometimes, but in a good way. And nottoodifficult, unless you're colorblind; this seemed to give some of my friends trouble when they saw the game; they couldn't play it and didn't see most of the things I was trying to find. I'm rather in love with the art. It makes me glad there's an art appreciation pack available for purchase.Music:Simple, ambient instrumental melodies. I wish there was a soundtrack for the game.Replay:I think if enough time passed, I would be able to play it again. But with 5 stages and knowing all the puzzles/where to go, there's not much to be said for playing it over and over, unless you want to show off to your friends.Overall 10/10. Definitely worth $1.99!"
76561198079017859,Recommended,314020,17931952,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Aira,"This game is beautiful. The art is beautiful, the sound is beautiful. It's a beautiful game. It was clearly made by artists, and talented ones at that.Sadly, aritsts do not always make the best game designers. The controls are awkward and confusing, movement is painfully slow and difficult to control, and there are times when a little guidance would be helpful - but none is offered. I'm thinking in particular of one puzzle where the pieces can only be moved as they are in those peg solitaire games - but there is absolutely no indication given of this. There's a whole forum thread full of people wondering why they can't do anything in this puzzle, assuming it's a bug. Difficulty is good, but obtuseness is... less good. Given how many ""alpha testers"" they list on their credits, I'd have expected them to realize and repair some of these large flawsStill, it's quite short, and as I said, it's very beautiful. At the extremely steep discount it regularly goes for on Steam, I'd say it's worth one play through. If nothing else, it's got trading cards. So I'm recommending it - at a discounted price. I'd like to see more from this developer, but I'd like to see these brilliant artists team up with someone who knows how to design a game."
76561198082490006,Recommended,314020,15372816,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,b6ph6m6t,"It is very short, simple and cute hidden objects game.Main characters there are insects. From level to level you just should find some stuff for pave the way further or help your folks. Also you will find there different kinds of puzzles, which can solve even kids.Music and locations in this game are wonderful and plunge you in atmosphere of world of insects.If you like what you saw and heard in trailer - you definitely must buy this game, because there is nothing, except this brilliant graphic, music and simple puzzles, which dont take a lot of time. Enjoy it!"
,Recommended,314020,22712451,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,normalsauce,"The puzzles, seek n' finds, artwork and music are wonderful. The game mechanics of moving your little guy around kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but it's not enough to avoid the game. Good, short puzzle game."
,Recommended,314020,19886041,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RedRaven,"Every once in a while one needs a game where he can just shut down, listen to some relaxing music and enjoying nicely drawn art.Morphopolis is short, but its definitely worth it's price.There isn't really much else to say about it... hiddeon object game, some small riddles. Soothes the nerves.Really, you have to see on your ow instead of reading a review. All I can say it: It's nice."
,Not Recommended,314020,16801963,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Phrostbyte21,"Broke the game on the second level. Had the grass hoper move up, but the screen didn't scroll. After that any time I clicked  a little bell would chime. Best game ever."
,Recommended,314020,22896216,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Corwid,That last puzzle was just infuriating and made me cry few times. I needed more than a year to gather strength but I finally made it after so much time! Feeling too squeezed to write some nice review so I'll just say it's a very strange game but you'll love it's awesome visuals. And hate that last puzzle lol.
,Recommended,314020,15616848,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lin,"Visually fascinating, with some brilliant sound design, this is an immersive lush world to get lost into for an hour or two, surreal and unsettling yet soothing at the same time. It's a game allright, but it's really not about the gameplay, that's just a superficial excuse to spend some time in this eery atmosphere.Stripped of its artstyle this would be a mediocre HOG, with some of the most unimaginative puzzles ever. Worse even, the controls are really bad - though it gets less noticeable after the first level (stick it out). Basically, translating the (clearly originally for touchscreens) tap / drag into click / click&drag means the game can't really tell what your input is half the time, which will be quite frustrating for some people.Personally, I wanted to be annoyed by another half baked mobile port and couldn't, and I don't even like insects and flowers that much. It looks stunning on a big screen, the images here hardly do it justice. The music and sound design have the same eerie, mildly unsettling quality as the visuals. The loving attention to detail in both the art and the sound design is really impressive, as is the way they blend and flow together, completely overshadowing everything the gameplay is lacking. I also found the slow pace and even the length (it's short) fitting and appropriate.I enjoyed my time with it, and for anyone after the experience rather than the game, it's definitely worth checking out."
76561198223587096,Not Recommended,314020,16325209,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,John the Badger,"Beautifully animated, but that's pretty much the only good thing I can say about this. Very unintuitive point and click game.  Some of the puzzles are fun, but mostly the same tired ones you see in other games, such as pairs and tic-tac-toe. Terrible sound design and music is incredibly repetitive."
76561198065200496,Recommended,314020,24419053,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Roland The Jabberwocky,"Game like this are why I wish steam had a middle option for reviews.Pros:-AMAZING ART this game is stunning in its art and design-Surprisingly fun yet difficult puzzles (with one exception)-Rather cheap, though it s up to you as it is shortCons:-DONT BUY THIS IF YOU DONT LIKE BUGS, its bug centric and would be very creepy for those who dont enjoy them.-Movement is terrible, you will shift screens often by accident and movement is slow enough to be very irksome.-Length, its only about an hour-hour 1/2 of gameplay if you are good at puzzles, with only the last puzzle take a long time and being rather annoying rather than fun.So while ill put it as recommend, its very much up to the player to decide if it was good or not."
,Not Recommended,314020,30231022,Posted: 27 February,all,Dr. McCoy,"Morphopolis is an incredibly indulgent and simple game. It is plagued with downright unpleasant controls and confusing mechanics. The first level is the most enjoyable - mostly because it makes sense. You start out as a caterpillar that needs to collect some food, and make another bug move out of your way, so that the caterpillar can get into the right spot, and go into the chrysalis stage. This is not explained in any real fashion - you have to figure the objective out for yourself. I'm okay with not spoonfeeding a player with information, especially in a puzzle game, but Morphopolis does not even explain the controls well enough for you to grasp what you are doing, or are supposed to be doing. It exacerbates this issue by only using one button (the left mouse button) to do every single thing in the game.The second level (through the fourth level) does not have you going through a real stage of metamorphosis, but instead crawling into the head of a larger (dead) insect. Now, I know that there are a couple species of parasites that do this, but not just any cricket or bee can walk into the corpse of another insect like it was the sliding door of a Walgreen's and pilot said insect like that alien from the Men In Black movie - so this idea very much catches you off guard. In practical terms it means you really are just wandering around, completing minor tasks, unsure of where all of your actions are leading until you get there. To make matters worse, the actual mechanics of getting to your new, squishy corpus are painfully slow.For some unknown reason, no matter what form you take, you are the slowest insect to have ever lived. Perhaps it is because your former self is using some kind of Rube Goldberg lever and pulley system to move the new shell? Maybe it is because the insect from the first level is having to manually move each successive leg inside of each body like Ace Ventura inside of a matryoshka doll of rhinos? I digress - the in-game reason matters not, it is the end user experience, that matters. The game forces you to hold the left click button down for the duration of movement until you reach your destination. This mechanic is made all the more painful because, aside from the time spent actually moving, you really only need to spend about 15-20 seconds on each map before needing to switch to another one.The reason for the minimal amount of time needed on each map is is that the bulk of what you do involves collecting objects to appease the other insects on the level so they will let you pass. They demand this of you even though completing the task seems to not actually benefit them in any way. These tasks are mostly fetchquests where the Ace Ventura player-insect shows up on the map and then stands there without interacting with the environment in any way as the player (left) clicks on each bauble. The other tasks involve bringing the baubles to some point on the map and then rearranging them until you solve the ""puzzle"" they constitute. Sadly, you cannot actually collect these objects as you see them. Instead must wait until you have collected all of the objects for the previous task, return to the insect that gave you the task, and then go find the next insect with the next, inconsequential taskI could honestly go on about the failings of this game - but it really boils down to this: it took me two hours to complete an entire game that easily contained less than half an hour of content. It's too slow, too inexplicable, and too unrewarding to make me feel good about the $.19 I spent on it."
,Recommended,314020,18928740,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Strategius4,"I didn't find the game funny or something like. I just liked that it was so easy to 100% and make a perfect game and it did only cost me 0,19€. Furtermore the trading cards are cheap, therefore you have cheap 500xp. So this were the advantages of this game, I really can't see others."
,Recommended,314020,20465807,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BrianBoitano,Beat your insect phobia with great artwork and not-so-difficult puzzles!
,Not Recommended,314020,30384014,Posted: 7 March,all,Klokwurk,"Bad, inconsistent, glitchy and confusing HOG/puzzle game with poor controls, frustratingly slow movement and dull, unoriginal puzzles. Also at least one of the puzzles has been put together wrongly so the 'correct' answer is impossible."
76561198054469963,Not Recommended,314020,31555707,Posted: 5 May,all,rymalla,"I was, despite the downvote, quite charmed by the game. The few annoyances were just so significant I can't recommed this without major caveats.If you do buy this, make sure to have the internet handy to get past those puzzles you find unplayable.The art is gorgeous with it's precise lineart and psychedelic colours. The hidden object puzzles are satisfying enough, allthough the colour scheme makes them easier than they'd otherwise be. The story, the little bit that there is, I found amusing and bizarre in equal measure.The controls are survivaqble but annoying. It is so easy to accidentally click off the screen  you just arrived in. This could have been avoided by separating the controllight of the character from clicks on the hidden objects. Some of the puzzles lack signposting as to what you need to do. This can lead to satisfying discoveries or frustrate the hell out of you, as it did for me in one situation. I would have liked more of an optional challenge system, hints and such.There is no save function in level, which I would've liked simply because some of the puzzles can make you rage quit. If you do, you have to do the whole level again instead of just returning to the puzzle. There are also no hint option during the puzzles, even though for the hidden object portions they are available.Also, I hate slider puzzles. Personal opinion, but apparently shared by many. That last puzzle was probably the main thing that tipped my scale over to not recommending this."
76561198251176700,Recommended,314020,30644936,Posted: 20 March,all,sa.fruitesse,Perfect for relaxing in the evening. Worth every penny.
76561198031341988,Not Recommended,314020,23818822,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,| Avaritia,"The gameplay is too slow for me personally. You backtrack way too much with your slow speed and puzzles do not explain how they are played, resulting in even slower gameplay. I would recommend this to people who are looking for calm and relaxing gameplay."
,Recommended,314020,22338618,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TARRARPAUN,"When I first entered Morphopolis, I found myself inside a painting. Gentle background music embraced me, and I felt safe.This game is a soothing emotional experience. It's about forgetting all your troubles and let yourself immerse in the colors, in the heart-warming atmosphere.More on a technical side, Morphopolis is a 'hidden object' game, where you need to look around to find all the items from a list... and resolve puzzles.It's one of those sweet, slow-paced relaxing games to play before bed, sipping a cup of tea.Oh and it's only 0.99 Euro."
,Recommended,314020,15408810,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bonnie Elizabeth Parker,"I played this game in one sitting. And what I can say is.What. The. ♥♥♥♥.  It's so messed up, so strange. It explains nothing and is a huge mind♥♥♥♥.But I'd so play it again.However, do expect to get really frustrated with it."
,Not Recommended,314020,18160439,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,sharky,"Morphopolis is a really pretty game, but unfortunately it is barely playable.For a click-and-find type of adventure -- pretty mindless, for the most part -- it is pretty interesting. I bought it (on sale) due to my interest in the graphics, and I wasn't disappointed by them. However, I was disappointed by the gameplay itself. The click-and-drag meant I was constantly putting pressure on my mouse and it got uncomfortable -- it could be made better by utilizing a ""tap-to-move"" function. Further, it was very slow-moving and the insect seemed to get ""confused"", direction-wise, making it even more of a hassle to move around.The only part of this game that I did really enjoy was the puzzle parts. They were clever, it was fun having no instructions so you just kind of had to figure them out, and they were a welcome break from the otherwise monotonous game.Unfortunately, the puzzles themselves are not enough for me to recommend this game. If you're looking to buy a pretty game that's also pretty dysfunctional, then look no further; however, if you want a game that you can actually play for fun more than once, I'd definitely look elsewhere."
,Recommended,314020,23407611,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cremo,"Atmospheric point and click puzzle gamePuzzle games are awesome, so is this one. I've never played any puzzle game like this, so, this is kind of innovative for me. Feel free to give it a try, the price tag is a joke, it worth much more."
,Recommended,314020,25716627,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＮＥＴＷＯＲＫ,Fun to play on the Steam link 8/10
,Not Recommended,314020,28677112,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ErradiC,"(Review writed with 2 hours gaming and all achievements unlocked - Dec 26th, 2015).Morphopolis let you control of various insects over the course of five stages solving puzzles so that you may progress. You lead your bug down the paths, clicking on the eggs, flowers, and disembodied grasshopper legs hidden in the busy, detailed environments until you collect the prescribed number.Pros:- Looks great;Cons:- Strange/Slow gameplay;- Few levels;- Very easy to solve the puzzles;- Boring challenges.5,0/10."
76561198112059304,Not Recommended,314020,18964161,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pannacone,"I was originally drawn in by Morphopolis's vibrant, hand-drawn art. It's color palettes are rich, the environments are complex, and its cast of flora is so lush it almost borders on surreal. It is, without a doubt, one of the most visually stunning hidden object games that I've played  to date.Unfortunately, those stunning visuals make for unclear level layouts and hidden objects that are almost indecipherable from the scenery. The game's graphic elements encourage rampant clicking and inspire frustration in the player when they suddenly discover there's a whole new area they would have known they could explore if they had just climbed up one particular branch (that is, of course, identical to all the other branches that you can't climb). Many of the levels were aesthetically pleasing, but irritatingly busy.The biggest flaw in Morphopolis, however, is the movement speed of your character. Your bug crawls at an agonizingly slow pace and is often confused by the clicks of your mouse, causing them to ""dance"" back and forth wildly. On top of that, despite being able to spot many hidden objects as you advance through the screens of the level, you can't collect them until you've received a task from another bug. The game forces you to walk back and forth several more times than necessary to collect items you already knew were there.If you can get it for cheap and are a fan of hidden object games I would pick it up just for the art, but otherwise there are more polished hidden object games to spend your time and money on in the Steam store that are guaranteed to give you more fun than the slow, trudging pace of Morphopolis."
,Recommended,314020,18951093,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jitana_Lian,It's a nice game regarding to its price. Nice concept and beautiful design. One commend is why the insect walks so slowly and it is a waste of time to watch it walking.
76561198022635906,Recommended,314020,18854879,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,joaoarena,"If you like discover as you go games, this is for you.Loved the art and music, and to be able to discover the mechanics of the game.This is a self paced, no stress dicvober and puzzle game."
,Recommended,314020,18926747,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,HikaruJoe,game : 7 / 10i like music level 4 : 10 / 10ez puzzle :D
,Recommended,314020,18780480,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tuprewm,"It's a very ambient, relaxing game, with a beautiful set of visuals and simplistic puzzles. I don't even LIKE the genre and I kinda am liking this game. It's smooth, it's relaxing, it's beautiful, and it's great just as a relaxation.EDIT:There IS a way to find out what paths you can take! You do so by clicking on the bug you are using at the time, and it displays a shower of little tiny virvles that show the paths you can take."
,Recommended,314020,18803725,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SMoKeY_VeT,"Liked this game, it has amazing scenarios and defiant puzzles!!DEV's should have made a better ending for this game!8/10"
,Recommended,314020,18853841,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Literal Cancer,"An amazing and small little game with Beutiful artwork and soothing soundtrack, this game is amazing but is a little more of clicking everywhere to find stuff. I reccomend this game BUT only if its on discount.PROS-Amazing Music-Amazing Art-Nice PuzzlesCONS-Click Simulator-Some puzzles are very vague-Click everywhereYou have to buy this game if its on discount."
76561198067690980,Recommended,314020,19444841,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rurity,"Worst game ever. Because I CANT ♥♥♥♥ING SOLVE THE LAST PUZZLE! ISHKAJHSKJAHSJ After months, Im still super salty about that last puzzle. ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ everything. Worst 50 cent or smth ever! ):Im sad.But at the other hand, you are a ♥♥♥♥ing insect or whatever that is, and you do stuffs. Amazing, such wow. Wow just wow, buy it."
76561197983740996,Recommended,314020,20162176,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Chane,"Wow, what an amazing game!I just bought Morphopolis today, it was very cheap on sale and the game was an amazing experience.You play as an insect and you have to salvage other insects that are dead or almost dead, not quite sure about that. To do so you have to solve puzzles. Most of them are easy except the very last one.Beautiful graphics, nice music and the fact that the game does not guide you is a plus in this case. This games makes it fun to find out what you have to do. But you need a little patience. Morphopolis is not for restless players. And it's short, you can finish the game in about 2.5 hours."
,Not Recommended,314020,17902525,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,thinreaper,"If you like your hidden object games with obtuse puzzles, obscure objectives, painfully inept controls, contrived parameters for progression, incessant backtracking between screens along with movement so painfully slow it will take literally 20 seconds to move between said screens then this game is for you.Personally I don't enjoy that kind of thing, in fact I found this game such torture I'd recommend its use on prisoners in Guantanamo Bay; I think it would be far more effective than waterboarding."
,Recommended,314020,15665527,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Hierophant,I have a headache from these puzzles.
76561198067750119,Recommended,314020,22333876,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Herbert o mito,Da umas carta daora
76561198116570513,Recommended,314020,24059730,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,cezar,"I would recommend, although I found quite a lot of bugs in the game."
,Recommended,314020,24955013,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TheQuantumTantrum,"Morphopolis is a stunningly beautiful point and click/hidden object game. Now I usually have some dislike towards hidden object games, but the style presented within Morphopolis makes up for that.There really is no story in Morphopolis. You are an insect who goes through several metamorphic changes. However Morphopolis should not be played for the story. It should be played for the atmosphere. Adding to the very colourful and fantastical world is the soundtrack. Now even though the soundtrack is not quite remarkable or rememberable, it does add to the atmosphere.As with many puzzle games, the learning curve is important. The puzzles within Morphopolis are common throughout the genre. Thus, being common, they are fairly easy, with the last one being the most difficult. That is great for the learning curve, however Morphopolis does not have any creative or new puzzles, which are always welcome in a point and click game. Another flaw is that you move incredibly slowly throughout the level, and if you miss something and have to back track it becomes tedious.With all that being said, Morphopolis is a colourful world on a bare bones hidden object/point and click game. If you want a casual and bright experience, I would pick up Morphopolis on sale as part of the Art Appreciation Pack."
,Recommended,314020,22331647,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Trust Me I'm a Pilot,Have PATIENCE and you can get to the final.Lovely game :)
,Recommended,314020,15581949,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jermurhu,"Morphopolis is asadisticpuzzle game, in which you control the movements of a specimen from the next level of insect evolution. This insect tracks down notably larger dying insects, then patches them up and feeds them, pretends to be their friend. But as soon as the larger insect is healed and ready to move again, the one you controlpenetrates it's head, burrows it's way inside the poor insects' brain cavity and takes control over their body. Afterwards, you begin to track down the next pray whom to repeat the process on.The game ends in you going inside a tunnel. It is understandable that the developers cut out the following part in which you take over a human, go lay your eggs in the newborn wing of a hospital and watch your children taking control of the newborn humans, and eventually, your race turning every other specie on the planet to mindless controllable puppets.Not recommended for underage audiences."
,Recommended,314020,16587981,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,@BatsMeat65 | zLucKyClem,"Stunning Graphic/Artworks , and the BGM is marvellous .Definitely worth every penny , plus I bought it on Summer Sale (96% yo) ...definetely makes my day :DMorphopolis is a game about bugs, some of the smallest creatures in the world and they are rather fascinating and very important to our environment aswell.This game is a point and click game with puzzles to solve and hidden objects to discover and find, this will help the small bug on its journey of life. This is a very pretty and colourful game, and not very difficult to play.Also you must complete each chapter, if you decide to stop halfway through you will have to start from the beginning of that chapter, as there is no exit feature while in a level so I just completed them and exited the game afterwards.Morphopolis is a very short game and the achievements are easy to earn. I found the last puzzle rather challenging, but I won't doubt that anyone can't managed to solve it and get 100% of theachievements :)"
76561198057433278,Recommended,314020,17634673,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,S00P,"Very colorful, very detailed, relatively easy, short, relaxing and slightly humorous.€5 Is about the limit this is worth. And that's if you really apreaciate the art. Which I did... but I paid  €0.19.It comes with hints if you're stuck, but you'll likely never will be. It's a lot of collecting of various items and every once in a while you'll go to a puzzle screen. Some items are very well hidden and I do think I got a few lucky clicks in.The puzzles are very easy and I only got stuck once, because I didn't know about a mechanic.Very nice game for a relaxing evening with a glass of wine. Get it on sale, though. Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,314020,19997495,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,L.C.L.,It's pretty relaxing. So pretty. It makes real nature look like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,314020,15589442,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,zsec,This gave me something to do on my day off.+Challenging puzzles+Amazing art and graphics-Clunky game play+Nice musicI would let the giant beetle head butt me again any time.9/10
76561197977893329,Not Recommended,314020,26238026,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jtpowell162,"I really wanted to enjoy this short little game (I'm a fan of Tiny Bang Story) but the lack of even basic control instructions makes the experience far more frustrating than fun. Each level has one mini-game that you must complete to continue. However, there are no indications of any kind to tell you what you are supposed to do in the mini-game, and much worse, there is no exit button from the level! You must tab out to the desktop then use Task Manager to close the game. That is horrible game design!At least Morphopolis is very cheap so you won't feel like a fool for spending too much money if you become frustrated to the point of quitting before finishing."
,Not Recommended,314020,26202484,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,cjcrashoveride,Beautiful game but so unintuitive and unresponsive that it was entirely unplayable beyond the first stage.
,Recommended,314020,18511153,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dasdad,Do shrooms before playing this game.
76561198105985512,Recommended,314020,26802631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Radovid of Redania,I recommend Morphopolis to anyone who enjoys puzzle and hidden object games.The puzzles in particular are quite hard and at least for me this is a plus.Another plus is the beautiful hand drawn art of the game as well as the low price.Also you can play as an insect and help other insects to find lost limps of theirs and that is quite fun.For all this reasons i do recommend this game and i think its decent enough.
,Not Recommended,314020,17917193,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Eldeejay,Its too buggy.
76561198085724979,Recommended,314020,22629046,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Pépepew,It is so calm and peaceful. I have loved the soudtrack it is  wonderful. Awesome
76561198186586782,Recommended,314020,20493966,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,(SNL)Jam24,I now understand art!!!
,Recommended,314020,20941256,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Elemental Knife Enthusiast,"This game is pleasant, relaxing and can be completed in about an hour, it's cheap and pretty.  However it doesn't seem to save progress and can be a bit tedious having to keep flipping through screens.  Without instructions the puzzles can take a bit of working out.  The question mark in the top right hand of the screen will help if you get stuck.  It's a good game for those who like insects and like to find 'hidden' items. I was 50/50 on reccomending this game so flipped a coin and heads was affirmative."
,Recommended,314020,25110852,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,eadam960,People should take less drug. Yea. I'm sure.
,Recommended,314020,16105584,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ronald duck,cant get over first puzzle - mistic flower11/10would change colors for days again
76561198007688772,Recommended,314020,17954525,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Aargh,"It's a hidden object game that's very different from most games in this genre.Gameplay-wise this is very similar to Tiny Bang Story but it's much better - the objects are not so difficult to find and hints recharge automatically. Part of the game is also figuring out what to do, there are no tasks or instructions, not even for puzzle mini-games. I usually don't like this but here it's ok.And the game has fantastic music and almost mystical atmosphere. Graphics are ok, animations could have been better.Note: 5€ price tag is a bit high for such a short and simple game. I recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198080337500,Not Recommended,314020,17273875,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Аня,"Thanks for no saves. Played for an hour, get tired an closed the game. What did I see when come back? Too boring"
76561198013529169,Recommended,314020,17493738,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Rodario,"PROS+Artwork+Music+Basically Freeif you buy it as part of the currently offeredArt Appreciation PackBundle and sell the dropped cards.+1 Perfect game in about 1.5 hours(The rest of my playtime consists of the game idling in the background, waiting for the card drops.)+Relaxingif you manage to not let the terrible controls annoy you.CONS-Terrible Controls:Can you call it ""controls"" if it's just one button? LMB is used to both direct your bug (hold) and activate stuff (click). Well, your bug constantly gets stuck somewhere, spinning around until you find the perfect angle to unstick him. Also, it sometimes just turns around and walks out of the zone you're in when you click on something. If it weren't for these issues and the incredibly slow walking speed of the bugs, the game could probably be completed in half an hour.-The Puzzle Difficultyseems to be aimed at children, while the complete lack of direction or explanations certainly is not. There's also bugs crawling inside the husks of dead, bigger bugs to somehow take control of their body. So I have no idea what to think.CONCLUSIONIf there were a ""meh"" option, this would be the game to use it for. If you're really into it after looking at the gameplay trailer, get it (on sale, if possible). What you see is what you get, i.e. slowly crawling through slightly animated drawings and solving undemanding puzzles in between.It definitely has its uses for playing the Steam Meta Game, so I'm recommending it for that reason alone."
,Recommended,314020,15766109,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,eltee,"(7.5/10)Cute little 'adventure' type game, with a very distinctive art style.  Probably most targeted for those with kids as the cute colors and all the various bugs will definitely be something compatible with kids (though you might want to hang around to help them with the puzzles).The difficulty of the non puzzle bits is a bit easier, making for a relatively relaxed play through.  The only possible frustration is how slow some of your bugs will move, it can drag some levels on when you know you have to collect a certain number of things and you know where they are, but it takes ages for yer bug to crawl from screen to screen.Overall though I did have fun and would come back for more of the art and chill music."
76561198154757644,Recommended,314020,16487556,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,simdel,"Great little puzzler. Amazing price.What an enjoyable game this is! There are 5 very colourful levels, with the aim being to 'evolve' It's a hidden object game with a lot of charm.The music is one of the best features. It's a kind of New Age musical rhythm and very apt for the task.Most of the puzzles are very simple, though the last one, in level 5,  was quite tricky and took me the longest. The puzzle in level 4 was easy once I had worked out what I was supposed to be doing.I bought the game for the incredibly low price of  $0.19  and it came with Steam cards. For those that like Steam achievements, the achievemnts in Morphopolis are very starightforward, with all being unlocked as you progress."
76561198113574414,Recommended,314020,16876471,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lucky,The  beautiest game I've ever play probably. The handmaded drawings made me eyes like new. 100% recomended for all those visuals org*asms You will have playing this game!
,Recommended,314020,16883132,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,=CID=Gribbiy,"This is a pretty cool game. Not only is it aesthetically pleasing, but it's somewhat simple. No language or readable instructions - just a cookie crumb trail of hints.What I got from it is this: You're a good little bug (and later become bigger bug) that goes around trying to help other bugs by giving back their appendages, planting eggs, putting leaves on plants, etc.Best $0.19 I've spent.Get it."
,Recommended,314020,16885614,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,fisH,"Morphopolis is a game of transforming into a higher being. An art game at its core Morphopolis tells the tale of a caterpillar who transforms into the insect god. Since this is an art game the meaning of it can differ from person to person. I interpreted it as the rags to riches tale of a business, as you go further up the food chain the puzzles get longer and larger which can relate to financial problems from being a start up to being a corporation.As you ascend the food chain you are greeted by a very smooth and calming song which complements the artistic coloring of the scenery. While the animations and controls were a bit funky at times I found them to be only slightly detracting from the overall experience.With the colorful scenery and the swell music playing I found it hard to figure out what I was doing and why I was doing it. All I knew was that there were puzzles to be solved and levels to progress. Thankfully while searching for everything I needed to get to the next step, whenever I would not know what to do, the help button saved me from going into a frustration based rage.Like many puzzle games before it, the Help button only shows one thing hidden in the scene or one thing you have to click on to get the mission from. Unlike many other games you cannot abuse the help button. If you need help the game will show you one thing in the scene that is needed to continue and then it goes on cooldown for the next 30 seconds.While the help button is present while on the scavenger hunt portion of the game, the puzzle part does not include a help button. For two of the puzzles I had to read the walkthrough to simply understand what I needed to do. Once I figured out what to do the puzzles still possessed a challenge. Though some puzzles are drop dead easy and others are fairly hard, I got through each of them in under five minutes.Overall, enjoyed playing through Morphopolis and I recommend it to any gamer who likes to play puzzle games, scavenger hunt games, and art games. While I know this game isn't for everybody I recommend giving it a try for the overall gametime is only about an hour.My price tag for this game is a solid $7.00, the music and the scenery were enough to carry the game through the occasional slow part and it was not very difficult overall making this game a pleasurable game to play when you have an hour to kill. While this game does not possess a lot of replay value, it is worth it for the single play through.Score: 68/100"
,Recommended,314020,16889165,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,PINK✧OMEGA,"If you are wondering what this game is, it's a ""Find the object"" and Puzzle game mostly. The graphics are this nice hand drawn kinda look, the music is a good soothing asian sounding track, and the sound effects are horrid when you have to hear them. The controlles are pretty akward moving your ""Player"" by dragging the mouse but you get used to it. The ""Find the object"" part of the game is drop dead simple and the puzzles are sometimes easy and sometimes pretty hard but the WORST part about them is they will time-out after a certain amount of time and just say you did it and give you the achievement -_-  The worst part about the game is its lack of any instuctions at all, some of the puzzles they put in your face with no explanation of what the goal is at all and it's not always obvious. I also wonder about when you repeatedly chick on your character, it makes noise and little balls go everywhere which seemingly does nothing and dropped my FPS from 60 to 22 if you can click fast enough to produce many little balls (With two 7870s, yeah seriously). 100% completion time was 1.5hours. I am only recommending this game because I got it on sale for $0.19 TOTAL and got 3 card drops from it, 1 being a HALO worth $0.19, haha... I wouldn't spend more than $1 or $2 on this game if your looking to buy it."
76561198169817286,Recommended,314020,16890395,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mrs.Flibble,"Came across this game for £0.15. The artistic look of the game I found intriguing so thought I'd give it a go.Beautiful stylised graphics, guiding various insects around the screen, point and click puzzles.If you've played point and click puzzles games previously and want something a little quirky, I would give this a go.I haven't had any problems with the games mechanics as other people have commented on and found it to be pretty intuitive."
,Recommended,314020,16917056,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Xavis,"Very short game but a nice jewel to pass on to your younger siblings once you are done with it. If you like point and click games, puzzles, and hidden items, then you'll enjoy your short stay in this game. The graphical artwork and soundtrack immerse you in it's environment and lets you enjoy the game while you solve it's puzzles. Truly such a shame that this game is quite short but for it's price (especially when on sale) one cannot complain."
,Recommended,314020,16864316,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Louise,"ok ok as much as i hate bugs this game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautifuli dont usually write serious reviews but i saw people who bought it on sale whine about how they need to play at least 2 hours to get their cards (tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ the point of buying games is to play them, not get cards) and a bunch of other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they're supposed to figure out. it's a puzzle game for a reason. the first level explains the controls and you even have a hint button in the top right corner if you get stuck. if the music annoys you that much you can always tab out and mute the game. it's that simple.just buy this if you enjoy art, point and click games or puzzles. if you're in it for the cards at least dont ♥♥♥♥♥ about how you dont like something that's obviously not your cup of tea."
,Recommended,314020,16866584,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Alice,"Great, relaxing game."
76561198105951771,Recommended,314020,16435523,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,omgpwnies,"Definitely worth $0.19.  Beautiful artwork, fun puzzles (and some really challenging ones) .. a little buggy (haha pun) but hey, 19 cents.  2 hours to complete."
76561198040118835,Recommended,314020,16810953,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ivan Karamazov,"It is a series of beautiful animated paintings featuring the quiet alien world of an insect, full of organic shapes and vibrant colors. The interaction is minimal (look for objects and solve simple puzzles), but it forces you to pay attention, appreciate the art, and possibly tune yourself on the strange mood and slow pace of the surroundings."
,Recommended,314020,15886330,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pi,"It gets a marginal thumbs up because I got it for 50 cents, it has cards,  and it is what it advertises.It's a hidden object game with some very rudimentary puzzles baked into it.You can get perfect achievements with one play through if that's something that drives you.The con to me were slow movement - most of the game is waiting for the bug to move.I know it's supposed to be atmospheric but with all the back tracking to find things, just a tiny bit more pace to the bug would have made it more enjoyable."
,Recommended,314020,20891388,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Viper,10/10 music10/10 joyGreat 2 hours of chilling
,Recommended,314020,19076238,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Davtastic,"In the time the insects moved from one side of the screen to the other, I had watched 4 Harry Potter films and built a shed."
,Recommended,314020,18926813,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fieel,"Morphopolis is a stunning point and click mini-adventure where you start as a really small insect and gradually become a bigger one.The colors and the art in this game are really really awesome, i bought it for 0,19€, 10/10."
76561198084910075,Recommended,314020,18186425,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ChrominX,>Bought this game at 95% off for 19 cents>Played for a bit over 2 hours>Got trading cards>Sold trading cards>Earned 21 cents10/10 would make 2 cents profit again
,Recommended,314020,17513128,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"A slow-paced, peaceful point-and-click adventure. The art and ambient sounds created a meaningful world to immerse myself in for a couple of hours. Finding objects and solving the puzzles were difficult enough to be engaging without feeling undoable.I liked that there were no missable achievements because that allowed me to focus on the game without having to worry about missing something."
,Recommended,314020,17490063,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Roots,This game is so calming. Great art and the music just suit the enviroment.Simply beautiful.
,Recommended,314020,18404027,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,█ ▀█▀,Good little 6+ casual game. :D
,Recommended,314020,20833556,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,WINASKIN.COM kickback.com,I brught this game to get cards 11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,314020,18481319,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BlackSkyAbidingZ,"It's a great short game , i finished it within 2 hours (and it's because i'm kinda dumb)The gameplay is fun and not that boring at all,Creative puzzles with gorgeous color.WORTH TO BUY WHILE IT STILL ON SALES"
,Recommended,314020,20484973,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,psychobunny89,"Not a bad little puzzle game, cute artsy pictures and the music goes really well with it. Got it on a special and completed all achievements so i'm very happy :)"
76561198276271257,Recommended,314020,20895770,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,☺,"so trippy I dont even need my drugs, yeah"
,Recommended,314020,29109683,Posted: 7 January,all,Nikorama,1. Beautiful artwork.2. Not every move can be pointed by hint tool. Nice!3. Quite tiring when you have to move your main insect.4. Simple mini game but sure need brain.Add more stage please :) I really need light game like this since my laptop is not too high end.
76561198297473084,Recommended,314020,27555467,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pilotikus,"This is the most visually stunning game I've ever seen - in its own style. We are not speaking of realistic, 3D perfect graphics here, but rather of an immersive Art Nouveau flair (think of Alphonse Mucha works here) which makes you stop and just enjoy the picture.The gameplay is easy and leisured, the music is very nice, even meditative, and the whole piece is invaluable when you just want to relax after a hard day's work."
,Recommended,314020,29938248,Posted: 15 February,all,Vies Contdom,Pretty good puzzles.
,Recommended,314020,29103159,Posted: 7 January,all,tarianaamelia,"This game is a hidden-object game.I have to say, I love how it looks. The sceneries are amazing and look so idyllic. The music fits perfectly to the graphics and creates an incredible atmosphere.The puzzles are not too difficult, sometimes it's just difficult to find all the objects, as everything is so colourful, but with the quotationmark button in the right top corner, everything is much easier when you are stuck.I would have loved to get some instructions in the beginning of the game, because I felt quite helpless and clueless because you get not tutorial or some hints on how what works.But after one or two puzzles it's not that bad anylonger.All in all I would give 4 out of 5 stars. Not full, because of the missing tutorial which i really would have liked to have (as the game is so short it takes away a lot of play time, just to find out how you do stuff)."
76561198057858190,Recommended,314020,25531892,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lightneh,"This game is short and fun, cheap games are usually bad but morphopolis is really good for just 0,33 atm.It looks wierd at first but once you try it you won't regret it"
76561198067071491,Recommended,314020,29037783,Posted: 5 January,all,damien8laporte,"Nice short game if you're into hidden objects in a beautiful environment (check if you like it with screenshots, I really enjoyed it) and puzzles (although there aren't that many).Music and art are nice, and objects are never hidden to the point where it becomes unpleasant, the only con I found is that one puzzle wasn't reactive enough for me to get its rules intuitivly, which is a little bit frustrating, but it happened only once and because I wasn't used to that puzzle.Puzzles aren't that original or difficult, though they are nice and not without any challenge (you won't either spend hours on any). I think it should take between 1 or 2 hours to finish without pause, so it's just a short nice experience."
,Recommended,314020,29224172,Posted: 13 January,all,Harix,"I bought this game with sale coupon, it's worth the money :)+Trading cards"
,Recommended,314020,29234749,Posted: 13 January,all,Fayde,"Afraid of bugs? not anymore.This game have certain vibe in it, it's calming and relaxing, but the puzzle able to make you think hard. (took me a while solving the last puzzle) the hand drawn artwork is dope. BGM is great.A bit confused with objectives and control at the beginning because lack of tutorial. But eventually you'll get used to it in no time.lastly, it's cheap."
,Recommended,314020,29221007,Posted: 13 January,all,Evengiolon,"The game was a bit short, and not very difficult... as it is, it is a one go play through, get all the achievements, and never play again...That said, it was a lot of fun to play this hidden object puzzle game, and I think it was worth getting it while it was on special. Not too difficult to get through, and had to think on some of the puzzles as well! Great for something quick to play!"
,Recommended,314020,26377693,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Adiplier,"Gorgeous art style, simple mechanics and a very fulfilling experience, absolutely worth the price."
,Recommended,314020,15895185,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,✪VenomJoe™✪,"I hate bugs... Nonetheless, I loved this game, beutiful art to challenging I spies and puzzles. Easy game to get all achievs for also and trading cards. Good game on sale."
76561198121573185,Recommended,314020,20404103,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Poney de Nuit,Good little game - fun puzzles and relaxing
76561198053913200,Recommended,314020,17892692,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheTime,No real stroy but anyway a nice and beautiful game. Especially the soundtrack is relaxing and fits to the overall style of the game. Only about 2 hours of gameplay but these hours are nice.
,Not Recommended,314020,16069386,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Gargoranss,"I was interested in the puzzle game and the indie looking graphics. The game is pretty to look at but, the ""story"" is boring and it's not replayable at all. I got it for like 49 cents so it's not a big deal but, still.4/10"
76561197995142404,Not Recommended,314020,21596412,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sarxis,"It's a very beautifully illustrated puzzle game.  But if you don't like the types of puzzles it incorporates, you may be frustrated by the gameplay."
,Recommended,314020,22724228,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,osirish,"Pretty, bordering on the surreal. Enchanting music. No tutorial, you just need to figure out things for yourself.The game is a cross between an art project, a point and click adventure, and a hidden object game, as you take your insect on a journey through 5 levels of undergrowth. The puzzles fit the theme, and while some are easy, others are trickier due to no instructions. The final puzzle made me rip my hair out before I finally managed it.The game is short, at just around 2 hours, but the price is unbeatable. At full price, it's worth it, but you can usually pick it up for just a few cents. At the time of writing, it's only 24 cents! It makes it worth buying just to try it, even if you don't think you'll like it.Recommended!"
,Recommended,314020,21874166,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Point and click hidden object game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThe game has no options.You can't change the resolution size.About the game.You have to find the hidden objects and click them. Sometimes you have to solve puzzles too.There is not much things about to be said, it's just a basic point and click game. Graphics are alright and well drawn. Music is calm but could be a bit repetitive. You don't get any help during puzzles and there is no tutorial. The game is not that extremely long aswell. it has like 5 levels or so. You have to use the backgrounds sometimes to move to a different area. Which could be overlooked. I think the game is nice, idea is nice - it's a bit short.There is no tutorial.There is a help system.Music is calming but loud?Graphics are nicely drawn.Other things.You could be like ""ok, wtf do i have to do now?""-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,314020,18180970,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Klankers,"Morphopolis knows what it wants to do.  Provide a game that runs off the player's curiosity, and provide a few simple puzzles for the player to figure out on their own.  Ilovehow it had no dialogue, leaving me to try and figure out what the heck I was doing for most of the time.  Though it's controls are restricted to the mouse, the game still feels like the antithesis of a lot of modern games, and feels like it pays tribute to an era lost in gaming where hand holding wasn't mandatory.ProsVery pleasing asthetic.  From what I understand, it was hand-drawn, and looked very good.  A lot of life from a soft palette, and I didn't feel like any problematic circumstances were due to the visuals.Again, I had a lot of freedom (even though the gameplay was technically on rails) to explore and tackle the puzzles as they came.  You don't see that often nowadays.ConsThe music was a bit of a wash.  My experience only lasted about an hour and a half, but most of the music is just some percussion and a xylophone - which wasn't as immersive when it hasn't noticibly changed 80% through the game.  I think there were other types of music at the start of the levels, but they inevitably sounded the same.My VerdictI think anyone who is considering buying this should understand what it was made for - a brief session of immersive puzzle solving in a visualy pleasing art style.  I personally, enjoyed my experience with it (where others clearly have not).  It's short, sweet, and - though I don't think of it as a particularly memorable experience - believe it was worth my time.7 / 10"
,Recommended,314020,21000908,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bumblebugbee3,"Morphopolis is an ""art game"" if ever there was one.  I say that because I believe for this particular game the art is the priority.  That's not to say there isn't interaction but its gameplay is quite simple.  I'd go as far to say that the gameplay is designed to make sure you focus on and absorb the art.  The eye candy is nice but it takes more then that to design a good game.In Morphopolis you play as different bugs who are kind enough to help out there neighbors with different chores.   Then at the end of each stage it appears you transfer yourself into a larger bug whom you'll play as in the following stage.  There isn't any written story instead the game leaves it up to you to interrupt the meaning behind you're actions.  Even beyond story-telling there isn't even guides to tell you where to go or what to do.  Restricted movement and actions is enough to let you figure out for yourself what you need to accomplish.This game is super stylized.  The consistency of the art work between each stage is spot on.  The stages split across multiple screens which connect seamlessly.  The art is this Morphopolis is stunning.  The paintings are incredible and make you really focus when trying to find the objects you need.  You'll be looking at every little detail as your eyes slowly inspect the image.Essentially, this is a find the objects game.  As you play you'll come across particular plants and bugs that stick out from the backgrounds.  Each of them will ask you to find a set amount of particular items for them.  You'll need to carefully scan the backgrounds and gather up all the items.  Then proceed to deliver them in order to clear a path or initiate a special mini-game puzzle.  All the puzzles are very different and I believe this is were Morphopolis loses it consistency.  Until this point the game is fairly easy and relaxing but a couple of the puzzles are incredibly challenging.  This very bizarre difficulty curve takes you out of what is otherwise an immersive and enjoyable game.Very stylized and original, the only thing holding this game back from is it's struggle balancing.  If you think this might be a game you'll enjoy don't let that hold you back.  That being said I'm sure some people will really enjoy that added challenge.  Those who are worried about getting frustrated can always minimize the game a bring up walk-through for the really tough puzzles.  As I said before art is at the core of this game.  This is an array of visual stimulation that will let you relax and lose yourself in the world.  Look else where for a more interactive and more traditional ""game like"" experience."
76561198189530194,Recommended,314020,33226448,Posted: 4 July,all,Wolgun The Duck,A experience more that a game
76561198098195599,Recommended,314020,33494308,Posted: 12 July,all,MundiMori,"This game is exactly what I wanted 90% of the time, but that last element is a nightmare: the mini puzzles. In every level of delightful, beautifully illustrated hidden image, there's a separate puzzle. A few I really liked (a jigsaw puzzle that you have to do only by shape) but others were way too frustrating for what I had so far been enjoying as a relaxing game. The objectives aren't even clearly defined, so you're putting a ton of work in and hoping that what you think you're supposed to be doing, actually is.If people have written github code to solve your final puzzle, it may be too hard.Other than the nightmare of a last puzzle that is forever going to leave this game uncompleted for me, I did enjoy this game, though. Its imagery is extraordinary, and I was happy to see a bug game with NO SPIDERS!!!"
,Not Recommended,314020,17136601,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Ariandel,"An incredibly beautiful game, with an interesting concept of insect ""metamorphosis"" gameplay. While the HOGs are quite difficult at times, other puzzles are overly easy, and the game itself is more tedious than fun.Buy it on sale if you want the cards or the achievements, but the gameplay is nothing amazing."
,Recommended,314020,19049998,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,[REEEE]Normie,"Not too bad a game. Puzzles are somewhat difficult, but not impossible. Artsyle is ok, though it is not one of my strong suit to critique on. And not a very long game,and so all in all a good buy."
,Recommended,314020,33739194,Posted: 23 July,all,nujumkey,"Cute little game, and i surprised myself with how much i enjoyed the first few levels.The basic gimmick is that you are an insect and your job is to interact with things to ... i'm not sure. Grow up i guess? Transform? Beat all five levels in total? Whatever the purpose, you spend half your time playing a sort of hidden objects game where you're hunting through the cluttered and messy backdrops for materials to help or hurt other bugs and open areas of the map. If you ever get stuck and can't find the objects you need, you can click the question mark on the topright to get a freebie. This is really good at getting your brain unstuck when you're frusterated cause you can't find all the materials you need to go forward. The insect aeshtetic gives this game a really nice vibe of just being a little guy roaming the woods. The second part of the game is the puzzles, and there are a lot of them. Mostly they pop up when you finish finding an amount of resources. They're always visually tied into the game but but the puzzles are very abstract in what they are and how they will affect the world. I really enjoyed some of the puzzles i came across, but the way to solve them is completely unexplained. A bit more direction in these would be nice, i constantly found myself going to the walkthrough to try and figure out what i should even try to do to solve the puzzle.The main problem i had with the game was the walking speed. It's painfully slow, and in the later levels the stages get rather large making it take ages to walk from place to place. Presumably you can spend this time looking in the background for goodies but it just feels unnecessary. As a secondary problem, i found the later levels quite slow and dull, maybe the hidden object game had grinded me down because i could not find the effort to finish the game. Also menus suck.Nice aesthertic combined with good ideas that don't last very long, but it's enjoyable when you first encounter it."
,Recommended,314020,33814327,Posted: 26 July,all,Vova,A fun ISpy-ish puzzle with nice aesthetics about stages of life of a bug. Took me ~2 hours to complete. Best part: it costed ~30 pennies
,Recommended,314020,33924611,Posted: 31 July,all,Chick_N_Fist,Visually Stunning!! Too bad it's too short!
,Recommended,314020,34037968,Posted: 5 August,all,Dave²STV,"Very good art game! Graphics are beautiful, music is perfect, game is enough challenging (to find hidden things)."
,Recommended,314020,33053947,Posted: 30 June,all,ArcaneM37,Beautiful but short game. Worth a play through especially when on sale. Very casual and relaxing game.
,Recommended,314020,35008768,Posted: 16 September,all,Bean Friend,"Pros:> super nice art> relaxing music> insects if you like them [i do, hence why this is not in the cons]Possible cons:> a bit unclear where to go at times> bug takes its time crawling placesAll in all, a definite rec."
,Recommended,314020,33488160,Posted: 12 July,all,Hazelnut,"Fun and frustrating. The UI is awful, very little did what i expected. Maybe because it was designed for a touch device. Quite a fun diversion."
,Recommended,314020,16712980,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,eveningghost,Beautiful game with difficult puzzles.
,Recommended,314020,16654033,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bouncy Castle Conqueror,"One of the most visually stimulating puzzle games I've ever played. The puzzles vary in difficulty, most can be completed quickly but a few of the more challenging ones can take a while. For me the illustration style of this game combined with the music earns a 10/10 rating. Short but quite satisfying. For 19 cents during the 2015 Steam Summer Sale, I consider it a steal, not sure if I'd pay $4.99 for it though."
76561198055617336,Recommended,314020,16801961,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xemnas,I would recommend this game for its value of $0.21 cents. You get your money's worth mainly from the last puzzle: Prepare to cry.
,Recommended,314020,15799352,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dragon,"Beautiful hand-drawn art, combined with melancholic music and atmosphere, and a mix of HOPA and point & click gameplay with a little bit of puzzle games, creates one great game.Sure, there are some minor flaws (like clumsy movements, slow moving from one scene to another and lack of save game during levels), but they still can't ruin this little gem."
,Recommended,314020,17794700,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Larikan,"Decent puzzle game,"
,Recommended,314020,17699099,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bloodgroove,"Morphopolis is a non-traditional hidden object adventure that is more about mood, balance, and aesthetics than your more garden variety story and character driven gaming experience.  Artwork and innovation are its strong points from the beautifully hand drawn look to the unusual tasks you go about setting nature right.  Although slightly frustrating controls and sorely lacking tutorials make the game a little confusing at points, it is still a development achievement in its own right.  I recommend Morphopolist for it for someone who wants to try something unusual and those who are diehard adventure completionists, while those who are easily frustrated or confused should stay clear."
,Not Recommended,314020,34860754,Posted: 10 September,all,Miqude /Luv U<3 ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ,"Pros:- Nice art- Relaxing musicCons:- No graphic options, runs <30 fps on my potato- Horribly slow movement- Game is dragged out with having to go every level back-and-forth multiple times- Disgusting responsiveness- Item placement is not clever, it's just frustrating- Has no story, moral or anything, ends very abruptly- Too pricey, should be 1€This is a good example of how not to make a game. Should've been a short animation instead."
76561198037197299,Recommended,314020,17497310,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Orb87Bro,"After playing this game i will never kill insects again, 10/10."
,Recommended,314020,15541803,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,prwnd,"Well, I didn't expected anything from this game, however when I checked what this is, I just couldn't stop playing until I finished the game and got all the achievements! :D Recommended."
,Recommended,314020,18998028,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,[WTF] Biffo,"3/5A nice dive into bugs' world. This short game (~2hrs) has 5 levels with puzzles and brainteasers, but what stands out is the beautiful art, a nice soundtrack and its minimalistic style in general. No instructions or texts are given at all, you have to figure out everything by yourself exploring the world with your bug. Very reccomended at this price."
,Recommended,314020,20024480,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HorrorBunny,"I had bought this game on sale for like 15 cents. I beat it, and got all achievements, and all cards. I sold those cards for like 20 cents in total. This game pays for itself.But I really enjoyed the relaxing music and easy game play. Some of the puzzles were a little hard, but were possible to beat. I beat it in under an hour, but liked it so much that I played it multiple times.If you ever wanted to see the life cycle of a bug, this is your chance.Play god, get achievements, sell cards, get cash. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,314020,19862053,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sHMEX,"One of the best indie games i have ever played!This is a simple point and click game where you play as insects and you need to solve puzzles and find hidden objects to obtain all the levels (5 in total).The art its just beautiful and well made, it will certainly keep you focus until the end of the game.If you appreciate a good point and click with some original screenplay and gorgeus graphics, this iS the GAME FOR YOU!RECOMMENDED TO THE END OF THE WORLD! :D"
,Recommended,314020,24250446,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Privat3man,"Original short game, I chilled from the beginning to the end."
,Recommended,314020,16823379,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,schzr,"This game gives you 3 advantages:1. Cheap game (buy it when on sale -96%)2. Cards3. Easy Perfect Game (Youtube it!)""If at last you do succeed, never try again."" - Predestination"
,Recommended,314020,33125850,Posted: 2 July,all,~Xsertein~,"According to all known lawsof aviation,there is no way a beeshould be able to fly.Its wings are too small to getits fat little body off the ground.The bee, of course, flies anywaybecause bees don't carewhat humans think is impossible.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Ooh, black and yellow!Let's shake it up a little.Barry! Breakfast is ready!Ooming!Hang on a second.Hello?- Barry?- Adam?- Oan you believe this is happening?- I can't. I'll pick you up.Looking sharp.Use the stairs. Your fatherpaid good money for those.Sorry. I'm excited.Here's the graduate.We're very proud of you, son.A perfect report card, all B's.Very proud.Ma! I got a thing going here.- You got lint on your fuzz.- Ow! That's me!- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.- Bye!Barry, I told you,stop flying in the house!- Hey, Adam.- Hey, Barry.- Is that fuzz gel?- A little. Special day, graduation.Never thought I'd make it.Three days grade school,three days high school.Those were awkward.Three days college. I'm glad I tooka day and hitchhiked around the hive.You did come back different.- Hi, Barry.- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.- Hear about Frankie?- Yeah.- You going to the funeral?- No, I'm not going.Everybody knows,sting someone, you die.Don't waste it on a squirrel.Such a hothead.I guess he could havejust gotten out of the way.I love this incorporatingan amusement park into our day.That's why we don't need vacations.Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under the circumstances.- Well, Adam, today we are men.- We are!- Bee-men.- Amen!Hallelujah!Students, faculty, distinguished bees,please welcome Dean Buzzwell.Welcome, New Hive Oitygraduating class of......9:15.That concludes our ceremonies.And begins your careerat Honex Industries!Will we pick ourjob today?I heard it's just orientation.Heads up! Here we go.Keep your hands and antennasinside the tram at all times.- Wonder what it'll be like?- A little scary.Welcome to Honex,a division of Honescoand a part of the Hexagon Group.This is it!Wow.Wow.We know that you, as a bee,have worked your whole lifeto get to the point where youcan work for your whole life.Honey begins when our valiant PollenJocks bring the nectar to the hive.Our top-secret formulais automatically color-corrected,scent-adjusted and bubble-contouredinto this soothing sweet syrupwith its distinctivegolden glow you know as...Honey!- That girl was hot.- She's my cousin!- She is?- Yes, we're all cousins.- Right. You're right.- At Honex, we constantly striveto improve every aspectof bee existence.These bees are stress-testinga new helmet technology.- What do you think he makes?- Not enough.Here we have our latest advancement,the Krelman.- What does that do?- Oatches that little strand of honeythat hangs after you pour it.Saves us millions.Oan anyone work on the Krelman?Of course. Most bee jobs aresmall ones. But bees knowthat every small job,if it's done well, means a lot.But choose carefullybecause you'll stay in the jobyou pick for the rest of your life.The same job the rest of your life?I didn't know that.What's the difference?You'll be happy to know that bees,as a species, haven't had one day offin 27 million years.So you'll just work us to death?We'll sure try.Wow! That blew my mind!""What's the difference?""How can you say that?One job forever?That's an insane choice to have to make.I'm relieved. Now we only haveto make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could theynever have told us that?Why would you question anything?We're bees.We're the most perfectlyfunctioning society on Earth.You ever think maybe thingswork a little too well here?Like what? Give me one example.I don't know. But you knowwhat I'm talking about.Please clear the gate.Royal Nectar Force on approach.Wait a second. Oheck it out.- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!- Wow.I've never seen them this close.They know what it's likeoutside the hive.Yeah, but some don't come back.- Hey, Jocks!- Hi, Jocks!You guys did great!You're monsters!You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!- I wonder where they were.- I don't know.Their day's not planned.Outside the hive, flying who knowswhere, doing who knows what.You can'tjust decide to be a PollenJock. You have to be bred for that.Right.Look. That's more pollenthan you and I will see in a lifetime.It's just a status symbol.Bees make too much of it.Perhaps. Unless you're wearing itand the ladies see you wearing it.Those ladies?Aren't they our cousins too?Distant. Distant.Look at these two.- Oouple of Hive Harrys.- Let's have fun with them.It must be dangerousbeing a Pollen Jock.Yeah. Once a bear pinned meagainst a mushroom!He had a paw on my throat,and with the other, he was slapping me!- Oh, my!- I never thought I'd knock him out.What were you doing during this?Trying to alert the authorities."
76561198169334671,Recommended,314020,23722548,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cross,Awesome artwork and background music.  Worth if you want to relax!
,Recommended,314020,28561527,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Poison Lady,"Morphopolis is a refreshing and relaxing experience, and truly a STUNNING visual masterpiece.Not really difficult, the game can be completed in less than two hours. Short, for sure, however still a good experience, and worth its price especially since it doesn't costs much.There are two types of gameplay in Morphopolis. The first is a point-n'click, where you explore the wonderful backgrounds looking for whatever can be useful. You'll soon have a to-gather list of differents items to use on a particular thing (a bigger bug than yours, a flower...) which will either open you a new path or open a puzzle minigame.These puzzles are the second part of Morphopolis and are as various as a visual memory game, an audio memory game, a ""classic"" puzzle, a mix-n'-match logical puzzle, and so on.There are two puzzles per level, and five levels in total.The moving system could have been more intuitive and will make you grunt sometimes (by example when you want to go somewhere and end on another panel), but is finally no big deal.The only really annoying thing is that the game doesn't allows you to save your progression while you're in a level, forcing you to restart from scratch the next time.Not the game of the year, but a nicely breath of fresh air.Just avoid it if even 2D bugs make you feel uneasy."
,Recommended,314020,15472001,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Glypha,"Finally, a game that allows you to crawl inside insects' heads and then be those insects."
,Recommended,314020,15473110,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,404_Not_Found,"More clunky Tiny Bang Story. Moving between screens is awkward and a little frustrating and one of the puzzles in level 2 doesnt make any sense to me at all, but it's playable, has a nice OST, and that surreal feeling of games like Botanicula and Tiny bang Story."
,Recommended,314020,15604535,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"I never thought that a game about insects could be so beautiful!Great music, amazing colors and nice graphics!Play it!"
,Recommended,314020,15451623,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Milan,I ended up in first level.2logical4me
,Not Recommended,314020,16805651,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,mad1Z - マディス,this game makes you fall asleep
,Recommended,314020,33790802,Posted: 25 July,all,┼ CBlade ┼,"★★★☆☆Nice quick little game to play through to get 100% achievements for a game easy and quick, it also has cards and is very cheap.The gameplay for me consisted of trying to figure out what to interact with and then giving up and clicking everywhere on the screen until something happens, I am not proud of it but hey I get impatient.Now that being said most of what you need to do to progress is fairly straight forward, it just isn’t always clear what is part of something you need and what isn't, like 5% of the time I looked past something that was needed because it blended in with the environment too much, but that IS the point after all.So for a different unique approach to the Hidden Object game genre, I would recommend this game, and it is fun seeing what your bug evolves into the whole time, hey it kept me playing to the end.So for cheap quick fun (no not that kind you perv) see about picking this game up 3/5!"
,Not Recommended,314020,29047645,Posted: 5 January,all,[CULT]大根野郎,"While the game is very pretty, it's also rather frustrating. The controls are wonky and I only knew what I was doing about 20% of the time. Direction is pretty lacking, the hint button is useless, and I had to google how to interact with the puzzles multiple times. Player speed made the game drag on and on.A+ For art, F- for programming. At least the price is right.Definitely hope to see more games involving this artist, but maybe with a different programmer."
,Recommended,314020,31032165,Posted: 8 April,all,LNT.战争女神,Beautiful and timeless. It's worth every dollar you've paid if you're into point-and-click games that are breathtakingly scenic.
76561198302360800,Recommended,314020,31311019,Posted: 22 April,all,sessyayumilover,"I enjoyed the art style and the music makes you feel like you're imersed in the natural setting or being a tiny bug. That being said some of the puzzles are annoyingly hard such as the one where you fix the flowers which by the end I had two left and was just clicking around hoping they would stick somewhere(looking nothing like the other pieces) and the Chinese Checkers like one where I swear I clicked and dragged diagonally with nothing happening and then *poof* it worked. Which brings me to the gameplay. Having to click and hold to move is a pain, especially when you're trying to make the character go a certain direction and he just seems to get stuck on nothing, or when trying to click on an object and he moves down or up to the next screen instead; I really feel this would do better with using the arrow keys or atleast WASD. There wasn't really much to the story other than bugs possessing each other which is weird to say the least. So in the end was it frustrating yes, I recommend having a walkthrough on hand, but if you like puzzles I'd say give it a try."
,Not Recommended,314020,17863551,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,advancedspuds,"It's pretty, but boringly slow.  Rediculously boringly slow in an attempt to create atmosphere."
76561198175985199,Not Recommended,314020,17859414,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DevintheboX,"Game is intesresting and can be fun, but a few major problems made it tedious. Movement is WAAAAY too slow. Puzzles don't have any directions as to what they are oor how they work, so it becomes an exercise in clicking around the screen until something happens. I got this for 19 cents and can only recommend this game if you get it at the same price. Otherwise, not worth it."
76561198018697188,Recommended,314020,20475480,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,almostaleks,"Extremely pretty, relaxing. Paid $.50 for the game, definitely got my money's worth."
,Recommended,314020,33372075,Posted: 8 July,all,hentai_priest,A nice puzzle/hidden objects game if you don't mind insects. Cool art style.
,Recommended,314020,32919227,Posted: 28 June,all,Zeramy,I let my little brother plays this.Simple artistic puzzle game.Calm and relaxing music.Great idea. The devs had really done a good job on the idea!
76561198072429209,Recommended,314020,23207440,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ConArtistMC,"A simple point and click game. Gorgeus graphics and a relaxing soundtrack. Acquire fruit, mushrooms and severed bug limbs to morph into the dead carcass of a bigger bug. Includes some puzzles, so you will need to poke your brain a bit.8/10"
,Not Recommended,314020,15473844,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,foxyshadis,"Lukewarm recommendation, at the price I got it for (25 cents), and even then I'm not sure it's worth the time. At full price it's a waste of money, but at least it has cards and achievements.It's mostly a simple hidden object game and fetch quest, with a few low-rent common puzzles (pipe, jigsaw, slider, etc) that have been seen a million times to draw out the game time. For the most part, the hidden objects are blatant, but I had trouble with some green ones given that there's just so much green everywhere. I didn't see anything original anywhere.It's somewhat pretty, in a 1998 Newgrounds original sort of way, but it certainly isn't awe-inspiring art. Its Flash roots are very obvious. The music is good, in an unmemorable way. The controls are abominably bad, though, requiring you to hold down the mouse button to keep moving and regularly move your mouse around because the pathing is so bad and your bug gets confused. You move at a snail's pace, too. Too bad you don't get to play as one....A much better game in the same vein is Violett. Do yourself a favor and play that instead."
,Not Recommended,314020,31495458,Posted: 1 May,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"I do like the art style, and it`s a relaxing feel..but I just can`t enjoy the gameplay, it`s not a bad concept, but the execution just doesn't seem there to me. Controls are also a bit annoying imo"
,Recommended,314020,25415965,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ChickenBalls,What do i need to do to enjoy playing this game?Get drunk? Get high? or play it in a lony bin?I totally love wasting time therefore i totally recommend this game
76561198063561512,Not Recommended,314020,32526924,Posted: 17 June,all,Arbutus,"As much as I liked the art style, I'd only give this game a 5/10 because it was more frusterating (due to lack of instructions and stupid controls) than clever puzzles. That last beetle puzzle is actually the reason I can't reccomend this game to others. Since puzzles have no instructions on how to control things or what the goals are, I spent a while on the glowbug one just trying to figure out what I was supposed to be doing. Dragging the mouse for movement is not a great way to control your player, keyboard controls (or at least the options of arrow keys or wasd would have been appreciated. That last beetle ""puzzle"" wasn't fun at all. Actually fun puzzles like the butterfly jigsaw and the flower shape/colourone were far more enjoyable."
,Recommended,314020,20540825,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"7.2/10 - Beautifully Artful; Short and StellarThis game is usually really cheap so I recommend it. The art style is one of a kind. You are tasked with finding items and making things happen. Most things believe it or not have to do with metamorphism; collect pollen... watch flower grow... collect the end product.There are also puzzles thrown in make you think, but are in no way too difficult to enjoy. Only 5-6 stages on this game so it's pretty short. I'd grab this on sale or in a bundle if possible.Worth $3ishAccidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,314020,31347579,Posted: 24 April,all,"Nevertheless, she","The art style is lovely and the music is very pleasant. This game provides a relaxing experience for a few minutes until UGH YOU REALIZE HOW BROKEN AND FRUSTRATING THE DARN RSI-INDUCING CONTROLS ARE.My wrist hurts.Until Morphopolis' creators come back to this game and improve the gameplay, I strongly suggest getting Botanicula instead, it's a much more polished and inventive game with a somewhat similar vibe."
,Recommended,314020,33106831,Posted: 1 July,all,Logical,A Chill Game 🦋
,Not Recommended,314020,28779371,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mars84,The pretty art and relaxing music are there to keep you from raging at the inconsistent controls and obtuse level structures.
76561198357614753,Not Recommended,314020,29262001,Posted: 14 January,all,skylight,"it's not bad, but also not that good, it's a boring game"
76561198059737240,Not Recommended,314020,29270740,Posted: 15 January,all,Spoopy HL3476,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,314020,29262687,Posted: 14 January,all,ZoBi,Nice?i guess
,Recommended,314020,27149906,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Psychic,best game to unlock your steam account for using community market.
76561198116612374,Recommended,314020,21096513,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Valkyrion,I can't see anything
,Recommended,314020,21097721,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Inmos,"Beautiful game , Perfect for for layed back mornings Sippin on coffee Highly recommend this game :)<3"
76561198044258778,Not Recommended,314020,24106483,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Paperinukke,A pile of trash in a nice-looking package.
76561197988986250,Recommended,314020,22748170,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,sandro the necromancer,"This is a wonderfull little game feturing a lot of bugs & plants. a pitty not more games center around our little companions.its almost solely about atmosphere: butifull art, soft music & ambient sounds create a plessant feeling of forest undergrowth.the gameplay is basicly a cross between where-is-waldo and some puzzles. the puzzles are short & easy but dosent get anoying or boring, they mostly serve to add to the feel of the game rather then preset challange.there could be said to be a story here, but its only told throu you actions and nothing else so its very open to interpitation.Its certanly worth an hour or two of your time."
76561198179163911,Recommended,314020,21884695,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jos.har,PRO:- setting / graphics- riddlesCON:- about 1.5 hours to finish- more levels would be niceNEUTRAL:- casual / to relax- no hints / tutorial / etc
,Recommended,314020,22958306,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,danielhackson,"5 levels, very nice artwork & sound.. could blow through in an hour, nice to revisit & just enjoy the art.  calm. beautiful."
,Recommended,314020,25854277,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Espllen,"I would like to stay neutral between recommending this game and not because of difference between cons and pros. But speaking shortly - If you are a fan of puzzle games, you can surely have it for price like this. If you are not a fan like me then I don`t recommend it because it will probably just drive you crazy[depends on your patience level].+ Puzzles can make you take some time which is a + if you are a fan of these kind of games+ Beautifully made artistic levels+ Atmospheric and relaxing music+ For achievment hunters/trading cards/low price- Point & Click system in this game feels a bit buggy and [CAN DRIVE U CRAZY a bit]Also It gives wierd feeling because you have to actually hold the mouse button pressed to move around and you know you will use a lot of pressure.... yeah, like it will make the bug move faster- Moving speed of little bug is so slow that it..... [CAN DRIVE U CRAZY a bit]- For puzzle fans it could be a bit too short. There are 5 levels [Although it`s acceptable for this price range]- No settings/options- Can`t save in middle of doing level. If you exit you will need to re-do level again next time- No instructions/guidanceWhy review as positive? Because most of people search for low price and easy 100% achievments."
,Recommended,314020,23740357,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[Vox],"Nicely drawn world. Mix of HOG and point and click. Feel like most of the playtime is spent walking slowly from screen to screen but for .50c sale price, you couldn't ask for much more."
,Recommended,314020,23913950,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bread,A short hidden object game about bugs. I really like the art. I'd compare the game to the Amanita Design games. Like a less cute Botanicula (less cute because there are a lot of dead bug parts). My only knock against it is that moving your character around is kind of slow and confusing.
,Recommended,314020,16368697,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fpsKorean,"This game only took two hours for me to complete, which made me pay roughly €0.09 per hour, which I got back by gaining three cards which can be sold for roughly €0.2~, buit I would have spent €5 for this game, and here’s why.First off, there’s no real option menu, which annoyed me at first since there’s no way to change the volume nor a real interface. Clearly this is more suited for an iPad where you can sit and relax with just your index finger but I’m so happy that I played it on 1920x1080p since the graphics are amazing. The artstyle is colorful and it helps when it comes to how the puzzles are built, forcing you to admire the artstyle while playing. This game is slowing down the pace, forcing you to actually study the environment in search for clues or hidden key all while listening to a wonderful soundtrack that’s soothing and mysterious at the same time.There’s a downside though, the controls can be clunky and the insect you’re playing is moving so slow which makes it mildly infuriating when it comes to running back and forward when it comes to solving puzzles. Yet, this was an amazing gaming experience, and this is coming from someone who usually ignores the puzzles and ragequit while pretending to be intellectually superior since I haven’t let the game prove me wrong.HIGHLY recommend."
76561198007906083,Not Recommended,314020,16818716,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Donald Grump,this game is booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring.
76561198077679570,Recommended,314020,17504948,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,KantaSlaus,"Great game , buy on sale , not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,314020,16946714,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ncys,I FINISHED THE GAMEEE!!!! YAAYYYY!!!!!!!! At the end is that beetle lock puzzle..i stay 3 hours to make it..3/10
76561198057723186,Recommended,314020,17014340,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Razk,"Nice game to play if u want chill out a bit.+ amazing artwork+ good music/fibrations+ challenging, but not to hard puzzles- short playing timeGet it when its reduced"
,Not Recommended,314020,24705493,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lep,"It's got very good artwork, however, that doesn't excuse it for having poor gameplay. A point and click game needs to have responsive clicks. There were many times that I had to click multiple times to get the game to register them. Moving your character around was a pain, occasionally he would start dancing back and forth instead of heading in the direction you had your mouse in. The characters movement speed was painfully slow, which made the levels annoying when they started requiring you to go back and forth between screens collecting things. Finally, it's extremely short, less than 2 hours of content, most of that is waiting for your character to make it to the next screen.If you want to appreciate the artwork, just find some screenshots. There's so few levels that it would only take you a minute to see the whole game."
,Recommended,314020,24407308,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Murf,"-rep scammer, It all started in 6th grade.....This is how ""HE"" scammed me, He told me to send him pics.......you know......the bad kind and I said ""naw bra, I anit live dat life"" then he said ""Braaaaaa I am fina suing ya"" I quickly left my seat.......and took the pics......after I took the pics I sent them. He showed every one......I did not know what else to do, I felt alone......defeted.....all my emotions got to me......The only thing I thought to do was..............To take more pics.....but better, this time in 1080P and after I took them I sent them and he got jelly, so he sent me some pics, I said ""hal naw bra, that dope af pics"", I lied to him.......I told him they were good.......but in my heart I knew they were bad. every one at school made fun of him and I got his back, he started hangout with the bad kids, at school. they started selling drugs and stealing, I knew it was all my fault. I called the po-po and they caught them selling dope, He went to jail. 20 years later I saw him on facebook, he said we were all good. and he wanted to hang, we meet at a bar and he told me he had steam.....so did I, so I sent him a freind request and we started playing csgo, I bought a csgo key and I got some kind of factory new knife, I always grew up thinking that kinfes were danger! so I was going to sell it, but he told me that they were only worth 3 cents.....and I have ODC and I can only sell stuff for even numbers so I got upset and I took a knife and.......and.....I could not control my self........I just could not.....and got arrest......I got arrested for going into a mattres store, and i asked the store onwer where is the best one, he took me to it, I went to sit in it and it felt rock hard.....and was angry at him, I pulled out my knife and I pulled off the sheets and (You know that lable on the mattres that says ""DO NOT REMOVE) well I removed that. and the mave called 911 and I got sent to downtown. I was in there for about 72 days, worst 71 days of my life, (the first day was the best becuase some cool guy put his hand in my pocket.....but I stared to get odd so I punched him and everyone in jail say I was worthless and stared calling me names. after my jail time was done, I came back online to play csgo and I told him what had happend, he said ""lol loser I scammed you that knife you had was worth $50.00, an even number"" I went to the commuity market and I saw it was worth $53.87 the price had changed since my jail time....then he said, that he had a trading card that was worth $2.00 and the card was NEVER going to change price, so I traded then the card went to $1.69 and i got so mad and said trade back, he said ""Naw bra, a trades a trade and a baby is a baby"" (it was a really good quote not going to lie) then I got so angry and reported him then steam called and they said what did he do, I told them and then they were craking up and called me a loser! so Thats the story about how He scammed me."
,Not Recommended,314020,17819683,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Debiddo,Its a point and click game that doesn't allow you to point and click. Worst $0.19 ever spent.
76561198117374265,Not Recommended,314020,17780841,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,BatGirlJack,"The Good: Pretty, relaxing music (assuming you're into that)Everything else: Boring. Puzzles with absolutely no instructions on what you're supposed to be doing. Short. Character walks soooooooo slow. It's really hard figuring out where you're supposed to move the character.Give this one a pass."
76561198084316539,Recommended,314020,17855133,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Letizia,A nice game.
,Recommended,314020,15347290,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Leedle-lee,"Such an elegant game, such representation of tranquility, truly. I like to think of this game as a pick-me-up, in case I ever feel down, or in case I just want to relax. Definitely recommend, as the stunning graphics and audio quality will surely lull you to peace."
76561198033102868,Recommended,314020,16646985,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SericaRose,"Love this game! And it is great fun to play with the grandchildren. They all stand around and point to the hidden objects they've found.Yes, your creature is slow and the controls are a bit wonky, but personally I feel it adds to the feel of the game.  Insects are known to be ""not smart"".  And then a bunch of little voices are all yelling ""NO!!! UP, up, up! Not down!The only really difficult puzzel is one on level 4, the rest are pretty easy.There is no save on each level, which is pretty common. Once you have finished a level you can go back any time an redo it.Music is nice and graphics are lovely - and NO violence OR unnecessarily buxom girls at all!Lovely family game. 10/10"
,Recommended,314020,16764595,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,渡辺梨加,Good game..
,Recommended,314020,17871573,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Al Bino,This game is a work of art. I really liked it
,Not Recommended,314020,17821968,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Bitchcakes,"The controls in this game are beyond awful.  Too bad, because the artwork is really pretty and I wanted to play."
,Not Recommended,314020,16723296,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,User,"Beat the game in 1.4 hours wit h all achivemens unlocked.  It was a fun puzzle game....HOWEVER...the addition of cards and a badge to this game are almost insulting, and as such I am giving this game a NO.Maybe the developers can speak to Steam about their new card policy that doesn't drop a card for at LEAST 2 hours of minimum gameplay.I'll change this review to a yes IF the steam policy is reversed."
76561198124445710,Recommended,314020,17868027,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,pearl diver,"I thoroughly enjoyed the experience of playing Morphopolis. The concept was pretty straight-forward and the puzzles were stimulating enough without being too over-demanding. I actually found it easy to unwind whilst playing this - the colours and sounds created a soothing effect.Morphopolis was compared somewhere to The Room (another game I loved immensely). My experience of the two games differed in that I completed Morphopolis in one sitting, whilst with The Room I reached several points where I became stuck and had to take a break before resuming.When I played Morphopolis there were  five levels and they didn't take too long to get through. It would be nice if more levels were added or a follow-up released.This is a great game and I highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198001524903,Not Recommended,314020,23419048,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GiftingPhoenix,"It's not really much of a game, it's slow paced and you pick up items that set up extremely easy puzzles. Steam is already flooded with games like this.It's possibly a good game for people 8 or under and the price shouldn't really be more than 10 cents for the quality.This is another example of one of the annoying coupons crafting provides for a lame purchase."
,Recommended,314020,23589833,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,シ,It's one of those short games with a great soundtrack and a cool story. Free up 2 hours to Morphopolis and Chill.
,Not Recommended,314020,23535101,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,okpoj,"This game sucks big floppy donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥I didn't finish it, it's that bad. Artwork is nice to look at, but that's it.A point and click adventure, which the pointing didn't seem to work. Even the hint button didn't work.That's ok, I paid $.10 for it on sale. I'll sell the cards and make a profit off this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198178183959,Recommended,314020,18780242,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,∀∫εχ,"Just got it earlier and its a really cool game, only problem is controlling the bug is a bit difficult but the artwork and music are amazing 8/10"
,Recommended,314020,28514952,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BocciardoLight,"One of the most relaxing, short but cheap indie games I have ever played. It has a beautiful art design and the music is exactly what you need for this type of game. It's not a particularly hard game, maybe you get stuck once or twice but overall it's more of an engaging but pleasant and relaxing experience.Metacritic:tbd / 100 Metascore7.2 / 10 User Score"
,Recommended,314020,16378383,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kirino Kousaka,♥♥♥♥♥♥my eyes more thangay pornGud game. Great puzzle. Much wow
,Not Recommended,314020,33112391,Posted: 1 July,all,The Neal,"Morphopolis is an absolutely gorgeous, though *painfully* slow-paced game, lacking intuitive controls and a clear objective. It's nice to look at, and enjoyable overall--if you like being patient. Basic mechanics are unnecessarily confusing, and the game is full of hidden puzzles which take some time to figure out. I found myself ultimately frustrated with the inadequate sense of direction and quirky touchscreen-oriented controls. In my opinion, Morphopolis ultimately falls short of the hype and leaves me feeling like my time has been wasted."
76561198084508894,Recommended,314020,15455780,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,kekuana,"Morphopolis is a wonderfully beautifull game appearance wise and music wise. The puzzles, although confusing at first where relaxing and wonderfully well creafted. In ceartain areas however, the insect had gotten stuck or got confused on where to go, but it was always something fixable. The game is point and click all the way through and there is a lot of walking the insect through the same areas over and over again. Even so, every time I walked through the space again I would always notice something that I hadn't seen before. Furthermore, allow me to again express how beautifull this game is. It has very original graphics as well as a 3D aspect in some levels. There is also a wide variety of different creatures and plants to look at and interact with. In addition there is different music for each level and each puzzle, and I enjoyed every track. The levels usually took 10-30  minutes to complete but I never got bored of the soundtrack.  I would recommend this game to people who like puzzle games and would like to enjoy a couple of hours of relaxing entertainment."
,Recommended,314020,15459649,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ajmicek,"Let me start by saying that this is definitely the prettiest Hidden Object game that I have ever played. The graphics are just beautiful to look at and the music is very pleasant. However, I must point out that the interface can be very clunky at times. There are no directions in the game, and no text at all. This can lead to frustration when you don't realize that you could have been double clicking on your character to interact with something, or when you are staring at a puzzle with little or no idea of what you are meant to do... so I don't really recommend this game to anyone that doesn't have the patience to experiment and figure things out on their own. For what I paid, I really did get my money's worth and more."
,Recommended,314020,15462618,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pappagentil,"Honestly I bought it 'cause it was very cheap, I didn't think I could actually enjoy the game.It is short, a bit slow, but the nice animations bring you forward.The story isn't that much of a plot, but still you wanna know how it ends.The point and click system is not perfect as it often happen not to do what it's told to.Overall: it is good to spend an hour or two. (For the OCDs reading: it's easy to get all the achievements)6.5/10"
,Recommended,314020,17180528,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,PizzaPal,I think this game is pretty good only because i paid 20 cents for it. You'd probably spend more time eating a candy bar than playing this game.
,Recommended,314020,15394661,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Gotaki,"Its like 24c atm (4/16/15), go get itPros-Beautiful Visuals-Fantastic Soundtrack-Calming feel to the entire game-Soundtrack makes you want to take your time through it all-TradingCards-Pretty Cheap-Pretty fun find-a-something game-Hint system-Quick downloadCons-Pretty ShortOverall, this game is good cheap download, cheap game but it delivers more than enough.Final Verdict: Worth a Buy!Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,314020,15414715,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Mitsukuni,Hidden object and puzzle game.Definitely a piece of art.Cute segment design.Short but relaxing.Worth playing.
,Recommended,314020,15443538,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,_gordon,"Really nice piece of puzzle gaming, and at least something other than that dam* TF2, but why so short game play? To Developer: please add few more ""parts"" :)"
,Recommended,314020,15463793,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,CAHIM-I CAFII,Vakit geçirebilecek bir oyun. Its recommended for free times :))
,Recommended,314020,15434990,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Funnycats,Funish.
,Recommended,314020,15488343,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,zhivcheg,"Bought this game, completed in 2 hours and no achievements recieved, lol. But it's a bright and interesting puzzle game. OK now with the 2nd completion they can be achieved."
76561197963164050,Recommended,314020,18589705,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,NighT WolF,"Short, but colorful hidden Object game with some puzzles, good music, almost no sound effects, insects and flowers. Don't know what else i could say about it."
,Recommended,314020,18267493,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[LUE] SwiftCrack,"Great art, tedious controls, extremely boring puzzler.Just get it for cheap to look at the pretty drawings."
,Recommended,314020,15357408,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gypplez,pretty good/challenging for the 24 cents i spent on it xD
76561198055621814,Recommended,314020,34299038,Posted: 16 August,all,Klagent,"this was a good game, but sometimes it was unclear what to do, so a guide is recomended"
76561198074031391,Recommended,314020,33785199,Posted: 25 July,all,mmxhappy,"Relaxing game, I can feel the Zen gathering inside me.Recomended game 10/10."
,Recommended,314020,24970601,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kredorish,How did I even get this game in my library?
76561198157078437,Recommended,314020,31563940,Posted: 5 May,all,Vulkis,"Nice point-and-click-adventure.It's quite short but the art and music are very pleasing and create a great atmosphere.Movement could be smoother, but I hadn't too many problems with it.Puzzles could be a bit harder though."
,Not Recommended,314020,31108911,Posted: 12 April,all,Pookie,"I paid about 25 cents for this and I feel cheated. Half the puzzles don't make any logical sense and rely on you mindlessly clicking everywhere until you get what you need. Also the bug you control is extremely slow and will enter transitional momenets when you click too far on the screen trying to get what you want, so the bug will spend 10 seconds moving to the next area and all you can do is watch.This is far from relaxing.I will say the art is nice and the one song it seems to have is decent but when the bug turns around (which is all the goddamn time) the animation looks bad since the bug is just a flat image being warped around, you'd think they woulda added some frames in between so turning around but they didn't bother.Theres also tons of insect and plant and fungi parts you need to collect but they wont let you collect them until you need them. So there are certain things you know you will have to collect to complete the level but you can't until you've already done everything else."
76561198304035924,Recommended,314020,31061141,Posted: 10 April,all,Paczi,Pleasant game with amazing artistic quality. I recommend to everyone who is looking for restful game for one hour.
76561198274306944,Recommended,314020,31334095,Posted: 23 April,all,Colettika,"Simple, relaxing, visually and musically lovely"
76561198174863353,Recommended,314020,31203051,Posted: 17 April,all,mayvillezac,It's a fun little game.
,Recommended,314020,31265080,Posted: 20 April,all,Lychee_The_Bone_Collector,"I don't write alot of reviews, but reading some of the negative reviews on this game compelled me to share some positives.  This is a cute little puzzle and hidden object game.  I really enjoyed the artistic style of the insects and foliage for each scene/level.  I would say this game is a slow moving, relaxing, atmospheric type game.  I played this while sitting in bed and it was perfect just for that.  Some of the puzzles are challenging, but not to the point of being frustrating, and solved them all without using any cheats.  The only problems I had with the game is the lack of a save game option in the middle of the level and also it took me a while to figure out I had to ""walk into the light"" at the end of the level.  I bought this game on sale and do not regret killing a couple hours with it."
76561198117124319,Recommended,314020,31932515,Posted: 24 May,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"MorphopolisIs about transformation as an insect and discovery; the discovery you get from point & clcik and puzzle solving.Set in a beautiful insect world, lovely art design.The art and music is everything, and the slow gameplay makes sure you take in and focus on it. Since it is a hidden object game apart of a puzzle game, you are sure to look at every little detail of this artwork.It will absorb you as you absorb it, and you will create a symbiosis aimed for relaxation. Open your mind and make it bloom!Boom!Spring Thumbs UpHighly visual with a great art.Nice and relaxing music & a nice and relaxing atmosphere.The puzzles are not too difficult, but will make your mind morphopolise.Cheap + Steam cards and cheevs.Slowpaced; but in a good way.Autumn SadfaceI experienced a few bugs - Pun intendedNo save function, so if you quit a level, you need to restart that level.Also you can't quit puzzles at will.The movement of the bug can be a bit difficult and frustrating.Closing CommentsThis game is save to play - It contains no spiders!"
,Recommended,314020,15350913,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Krazedlion,"Morpholopolis has an interesting artstyle, some difficult puzzles and controlling your insect can a bit frustrating. Its easy to get 100% achievements and it has trading cards. Overall a fun little game. 6/10"
,Recommended,314020,16924842,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,By Aline,"Wow, wow and wow... what a great art work and music... Loved to play it thanks for making this wonderful game..."
,Recommended,314020,14006738,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mike,This game is incredible if you just need to relax like I do.
76561197969683432,Not Recommended,314020,33476677,Posted: 12 July,all,yidaki53,"The graphics are classic vector graphics, similar to Flash/Shockwave animation. If you like that, cool.The music is very repetetive and unoriginal, but calming and does the job.The idea is quite novel, as far as ""hidden items""-games go.Considering the extremely short game time, and the complete lack of plot and character development, I would only recommend this game if you find it on sale or have a coupon."
,Recommended,314020,15392796,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Guatemalan Insanity Pepper,"For a game that I spent 24 cents on, it was a pretty fun romp. Probably not going to play it again though."
,Recommended,314020,16340858,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Stonium,"I could totally refund this game I 100%ed if I wanted to. Not going to though, because it was really pretty and only 19 cents."
,Not Recommended,314020,28939638,Posted: 2 January,all,Uberbeard,"It's just a simple point and click come hidden object game and can be completed within a few hours. There really isn't much here past a pretty aesthetic.The visuals to this reminded me of a well made Flash game and mid 2000s Adobe videos like Of Montreal's ""Gronlandic Edit"". Not really worth trying, the only thing that sets it apart is the well done visuals and that's mostly because they're sort of weirdly nostalgic."
,Not Recommended,314020,28929399,Posted: 1 January,all,Sophuni,"Although the graphics of the game are stunning, the key binds and gameplay could've gone better. I spent 22 minutes on level 1 and 5 of those minutes was trying to click on this pollen thing to collect, which it simply could not detect for some reason, so I refunded the game. Nice concept but horrible key binds."
76561197962044143,Recommended,314020,23551995,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Quarantine^,Discovery 100/10
,Recommended,314020,20874777,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MiSOKA⁴,"Point and click beautifully rendered puzzle game that will appeal to kids and adults alike. It will take you back to your picture book days.The gameplay is pretty straight forward with varying degrees of difficulty. You will need to solve puzzles using clues and gather items based on hints presented in your environment.When purchased on sale, the price and enjoyment far outweigh the short length.Definitely needs and deserves a sequelPros:Gorgeous worldDifficulty is just rightMildly addictiveEasy achievementsLow number of achievementsCons:ShortSometimes figuring out where you can and can't go becomes a choreRecurring odd, non intuitive tasks (like gathering legs for dead insects)It ends9/10 - Would happily gather insect legs and re attach them again."
76561197978131107,Not Recommended,314020,16867136,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Superbeef,Shove it up your butt
,Not Recommended,314020,11735531,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Zedd's dead,Easy and very very very short. Mechanics are very cumbersome and slow on a PC. Music is ok but very repetitive and art was fine.  Way not worth $10.  I appreciate the effort that goes into these games and applaud the attempt but this was just not worth it at all.
,Recommended,314020,15616052,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ramirez85,"Morphopolis is a fine example of good design that is perfect combination of relaxing casual gameplay, pleasant music and beautiful graphics. Sadly it's too short. ;)Huge thanks to developers!Would like to see more games like this on Steam."
,Recommended,314020,31280144,Posted: 21 April,all,[V]ermille,Morphopolis more like More-Nope-Polis because the more I solve the puzzle the more nopes I seeNope/10
,Recommended,314020,15350827,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RoXeT,10/10
76561197993402955,Not Recommended,314020,22031774,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Bring back Psychic Force,bad
76561198307167376,Not Recommended,314020,28736768,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,harry.washello,"Beautiful hidden-object game with limited gameplay4/10★★★★★★☆☆☆☆GameplayMorphopolisneeds some decent mechanics despretly. What's there instead of it at the moment is not only basic, but contrasts with stunning aesthetics painfully. Gameplay is constrained to basic movement along fixed routes, clicking here and there, and a few simple puzzles. It is not enough, even for a game not aiming at providing challange, but relax.PresentationThe game is bueatiful. Backgrounds are detailed, full of vivid colors, well-drawn. It is a feast to the eyes; a feast, which cries:I'm ready to please gamers - when the gameplay is about to arrive?Audio is matching and competent, but a mere backgroud for the graphics.Summing upEmpty shell - great graphics with extremely limited gameplay.positivebeatutifulrelaxingnegativeextremely limited gameplayrepetitivnessshortzero replayabilityAesthetic experience - not a game. Cannot recommend."
76561198161262629,Not Recommended,314020,24554298,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rayy PNW,GAME IS BROKEN. Some missions are currnetly incompletable
,Recommended,314020,23736465,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,VirginBoy2003,Less bugs than AC UnityUbisoft/10
,Not Recommended,314020,21092093,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,selfnoise,"This is a beautiful work of art that I would be willing to stare at for hours, but it's not a good game.  The puzzles are inconsistent and uninspired, the controls are really awful, and I never really felt a sense of accomplishment."
76561198088025010,Not Recommended,314020,28482915,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,Not a very fun game. You just click all over the screen.
,Not Recommended,314020,16921071,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Art of the Rat,"First off, let me preface this by saying that I don't normally take the time to write a review unless I feel strongly about a game, and this one definitely has that covered. I just can't sit here and let anyone else fall into the ratings trap that this game is.This game is fun for about the first five minutes. From then on it becomes infuriatingly slow, tedious, and downright annoying. On top of that it has pretty much no playability, it took me just over an hour (it felt like five) to complete this game and get all of the achievements. Even after i have beaten the game and have literally nothing else to do on it, it didn't even drop me one of the trading cards.In short, there are plenty of things you could spend your money on instead of this game, like a soda, or a candy bar, or just throwing your money into the garbage. I would never recommend this game to anyone and now that I am through with it, I will never touch this game again, not even to try for the card drops."
,Recommended,314020,21921301,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,N O O C X,"Beautiful and charming small puzzle game. I've really enjoyed the calming trip through five maps, full of very detailed, wonderful handdrawn art and hypnotic music, In terms of gameplay this is mostly a hidden object game, with some classic sliding puzzles here and there, varying from easy to tricky. The sometimes troublesome controls, double walking pathes and the lack of real originality in puzzles could weaken my overall very positive impression, but somehow they don't do and I'm sure I will replay this at some point!7/10"
,Recommended,314020,28933409,Posted: 2 January,all,KAPPA Farmskins.com:,it a beautiful and made me confused of naturalso hard at puzzle lv5 i cant pass itlv5 so hard omg
,Recommended,314020,28226709,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dan,Not bad
,Not Recommended,314020,28165931,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Admiral Sunshine,"unresponsive controls on touch screen. had to double tap everything on the screen to figure out what to do. double tapping turned into quad tapping due to poor control response. pretty frustrating experience.nice art... nonsensical game. collect 20 balls, collect 6 legs, collect 3 mandibles, collect everything and click on everything a hundred times."
76561198268814014,Recommended,314020,22014867,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lunya,"Beautiful game, every screen is filled with art.The game could be a little longer, but it is ok for it's price."
76561198035511315,Not Recommended,314020,15386906,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Purpleater,"I recommend this game only for people looking to get an easy 100% achievement game and some trading cards.  I got it for $0.24, and at that price it was worth it to me for the achievements and the cards.This is a fairly easy puzzle game.  There was only one puzzle (the last one) that I considered difficult.  I found the controls for moving my insect (point and click with mouse) to be annoying.  Most of the time you are looking for hidden objects on the screen.  After finding the required objects on each level, there is then a puzzle or two to move on.  There are five levels.  It's very casual, there are no real risks or ways to mess anything up.  You just keep trying until you find the objects or solve the puzzle.  Maybe about 2 hours of total gameplay for 100% achievements, possibly longer if you get stuck on some of the puzzles."
76561197995205213,Recommended,314020,15461323,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Yzil,At a 95% discount there's not much risk in the purchase. Use your steam wallet to pick this up and check out the art then make the money back with more trading cards.
76561197974265242,Not Recommended,314020,15464363,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Grimn,"First of all: I'm not a fan of point and click'ers, so you can dismiss my opinion purely based on that. No hard feelings.It is kinda pretty. It kinda has a story. Puzzles are kinda good.It does not have good music. It is not unique. You expect something to change gameplay-wise, but it won't.It's short and when I played i through i was relieved that it was over. The game didn't evoke feelings that were positive or melancholic, which I think it tries to do.I'm giving this one a strong MEH."
,Not Recommended,314020,33246069,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ swag -iwni-,tupo
,Recommended,314020,16527064,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Potato D. Ace,This game has bugs. Lot of bugs. Infact you are a bug. This game is about bugs.The game has cute graphics and all but its just a one time play.The last puzzle was made by satan himself.
76561198074486659,Not Recommended,314020,15417619,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Theotician,This game is a click until you finally get what on earth is happening.The puzzles then are relatively easy.Back and forth and back and forth wasting your time.I want my quarter back.
76561198113195226,Not Recommended,314020,28912670,Posted: 1 January,all,Many dog,"A very pretty waste of time.Every second I play this ""Game"" feels like I paid for pretty art rather than intresting gameplay.It has a find all the hidden objects style of play that I hate.So if you are intrested in all flash, and no substance than get this game, I just don't enjoy it."
,Recommended,314020,16378813,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/CamBlaBen,WOW .... JUST BREATH with the muic and gameplay and it will surely change your life. 1st level down.
,Recommended,314020,15361341,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Noostyche,"Атмосферная и очень красивая игра, которую можно пройти менее чем за час, но этому препятствует ряд недоработок. В целом игра стоит потраченного времени.Главная её проблема это откровенно слабый геймдизайн - многие вещи слабо очевидны в плане механики, что вынуждает производить слишком много ""научного тыка"". Складывается впечатление, что игру кроме самого разработчка и его кошки никто не тестировал.Второй проблемой является непосредственное управление персонажем. Тут сказывается ""привет"" от мобильных платформ: залипания, вяленькая отзывчивость, недостаточная очевидность доступного маршрута.Третьей проблемой является критическая ошибка r6010 при старте игры (на момент 14.04.2015).РЕШЕНИЕ:ЗАПУСКАЙТЕ project.exe В РЕЖИМЕ СОВМЕСТИМОСТИ Win98/ME."
,Not Recommended,314020,15462416,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Gayroy Drum&bass,Да пошло оно все!
,Recommended,314020,18067177,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"wierd, pretty pics, has cards and achievements so not as total waste...clunky controls and bad UI but interesting."
76561198002046847,Not Recommended,314020,28102451,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,schweinsbratenmitkloes,"Nope.Irritates and frustrates me too much.Impossible to solve some puzzles without guides.Too often I had no clue, not only I didn't know the solution, I did not even understand how it works or what the puzzle even wants from me.On the plus side:Beautiful graphics, mouse only movement (bug crawls too slowly), relaxing music."
,Recommended,314020,19204491,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BlobfishGoneWild,"Very hard, rage-inducing10/10~Blob"
,Not Recommended,314020,19081659,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,D.Morok,"well, this game has beautiful art - but boring gameplay."
,Not Recommended,314020,19237131,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,The Obscuricom,"Other reviews of this game have stated that Morphopolis is better as a work of art than a game, but I have to disagree because having bought primarily for the aesthetic of it I found out very quickly that this fails as both a game and as an art project.First, throughout the game there are huge lags in frame rate, which I initially thought was just part of the trippy look of the whole thing, then I thought it was a problem with my computer. But nope, I can run Skyrim with no drop in frame rate on my laptop but this simplistic thing jarrs just by having your insect change direction or if there are too much stuff going on in a particular level.The art work that made me buy the game in the first place quickly became irritating the more I played, the style is not well integrated into the gameplay at all, the title screen made the animation look fluid but when playing the game you often just have your legs animated while they drag your whole immovable body through the levels, the same type of animation cheats they use on most of the non-playable insects and environments, making the whole experience look clumpy and ugly.The controls are equally awkward, you don't use wasd keys because I guess that would not be “arty” enough for the developers, you have to hold the left mouse button in the direction you want to go and there's a 50% chance you might actually get there if you don't have to find something to click on to solve a tiresome puzzle. Most of my playthrough was spent just trying to get my bug in the right direction so that I could crawl on a narrow route through invisible walls just to collect foliage to open the next level. Only to find I had to backtrack to collect a different set of items to actually move on, if they had individual puzzles open every time I had to do this that might have been barely tolerable, many times it's just busy work to pad the game.I spent on average more than 20 minutes doing this alone nearly every level, this is already a short game and most of playing it is navigating nonsensical pre-determined pathways that made me want to kick my laptop into the ocean, if it wasn't through my stubbornness and the promise of achievements and trading cards I would have given up much earlier.The hidden object portion of Morphopolis is really difficult, and not in a challenging or clever way, just in a frustrating eye-squinting way. This is where the art work really works against game, the objects you need often blend too well into the background or are so small you really have to get close to the screen to truly see them, or you have to access them by clicking the bug you control at a specific time, I only found this out through randomly clicking everything in sight and looking at let's plays, the game does not give you any of this information.Most of the levels are a homogeneous mass of art, which would be fine if it was just a very detailed background for a different kind of game, as something you have to slog through in order to complete the game it's a sickening and confusing mess that I tired of very quickly.Which brings me to the puzzles, you don't get much help in this game, that's not necessarily a bad thing, but it is if finding the hidden objects you need often comes down to clicking everywhere and hoping you get what you need, looking through a walkthrough (where many of the let's players seemed just as lost as I was), or hitting the hint button which straight up tells you where objects are but only when it's charged up and when you're in the right area. Can't find how to access the area you need to be in through the invisible walls? Hint button not fully charged until the next minute? Well tough, you have to wait for the hint button to charge and if no hints are available just wonder about hoping that you can reach where you need to be by clicking on anything, maybe the game will help you find how to complete the level, maybe it won't, maybe you'll figure it out through trial and error, you probably won't, there is no merciful god here.And while we're on the subject, “immersion” does not mean slow and ponderous, being “arty” doesn't mean just plodding through weird surroundings with a weird non-story, you can't layer your game with arty visuals and call it immersive without any further effort on story, character or playability. While I'm sure many defenders of this game found it beautiful and meaningful, I and many others were praying for a skip button or any kind of save feature where we didn't have to go at a snails pace through the same level over and over again because we had the audacity to want to do stuff we enjoyed or look up a guide. Even an option to get out of some of puzzle modes so you can come back to it later or save so you don't have to repeat everything up until that point would have been a logical thing for this game to have, but I guess functionality doesn't win you illustrator awards so that isn't a feature. If the game wasn't so short it would be completely unplayable because of this, as it is it just makes the game annoying.This game even fails to do a jigsaw puzzle properly, the art style while pretty (depending on taste) made what should have been a straightforward jigsaw puzzle into a frustrating rage game. Some of the pieces simply did not look like they were supposed to fit, lumps and bumps that were on pieces slotted perfectly into smoother areas, if it wasn't through a process of elimination I doubt I could have solved the puzzle. If this was unintentional then the developers cannot even develop the simplest puzzle with their art style properly, if it was intentional all it did was baffle me and frustrate me further, either way it made what should have been a beautiful game into an ugly experience. This isn't “challenging”, some of the puzzles fundamentally don't follow reasonable rules, there is no skill involved in these, only guesswork and irritation.I simply did not care what was going on by level 4, there was no incentive to fully complete level 5 for me, Morphopolis gave me no investment in the gameplay, the story (what little it has) and what few characters we see (if you can call them that since we know nothing about these insects and we can't know anything about them because “art”). I wasn't relaxed or charmed, I was bored and angry, even if the game's conclusion was so mind-blowing that it completely made all the flaws I found in it meaningful I simply cannot muster any energy to give a damn about it at this point.As a further insult, the achievements feel hollow because they are awarded for just the level and puzzle completions, no easter eggs or prizes for additional effort seem to be on offer, and the trading card drops for me were only available towards the end of the game and are worth squat on the market.This isn't what a puzzle game should be, this isn't what a hidden object game should be, and it is not what an art game should be. It failed to be good at any of these things, and even though I spent less than 50p on it at the time I still feel ripped off, the developers should feel incredibly lucky to have gotten a positive rating for this."
,Recommended,314020,22449807,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Allahead,"Very nice game, very very nice musics and very very very nice puzzles"
,Recommended,314020,19107014,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,suseonhwa,Morphopolis is a wonderful game. Beautiful environments and amazing puzzles make this a must play.
,Not Recommended,314020,20503585,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cloptata,bad
,Recommended,314020,21099097,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nono,beautiful artwork like game
,Recommended,314020,21124634,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ETHERIUM,"game is fine and fun, but everytime i do alt+tab the game always force close."
76561198237657514,Recommended,314020,21139510,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,God Chungha,A really stunningly beautiful game. I would recommend to many people.
,Not Recommended,314020,21046077,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dolphin,pretty boring
,Recommended,314020,21057247,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tom Spartel,"it's a good game, it looks amazing but you'll be done in 30 minutes to 1 hour. would wait for a sale to before buying it."
,Recommended,314020,21066899,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,onekilua,"morphopolis is one game that you enjoy visually and mentally. the sound also does make it feel like you are in jungle.pro:1. Buy it with bundle, is cheap.2. Have Trading Cards.3. Puzzle is great, don't use walkthrough first time and just enjoy the game.4. You can get perfect Achievement.cons:1. Nothing really, unless you can't stand seeing bugs"
,Recommended,314020,16812132,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Donner Kevin,"Morphopolis a beautiful artistic GameI think that the relaxing Music and the beautiful colors in this Game are the Best. I like it too to search for things and to solve puzzles and other liitle Games. When you play you will often ask yourself the question, what the game just wants from you. The Game was too short I think but for this price it is ok."
76561198036462708,Not Recommended,314020,23636145,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,andries1990,"Morphopolis is graphically great, but the gameplay is mainly hidden object seeking. It ultimately felt more like a set of beautiful drawings than a game to me."
,Recommended,314020,17505670,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Twitch/zMoonya,They left the best puzzle for last! 10/10
76561198120878924,Recommended,314020,25409212,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MONIMONA,"This game is very classic , I like to play"
76561198256980250,Recommended,314020,23433728,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,babypikelin,Amazing artwork. absolutely love the style. Puzzles are the right level of difficulty.Great one for artists who can appreciate the amount of work and creative thinking that has gone into it
76561198176301233,Not Recommended,314020,20134028,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NS Plover,"Visually gorgeous and deadly dull. Pleasant calming music. Whoever wrote this did not understand that most people would like to have an exit or quit button on the ""puzzles"". I'm not a fan of having to end task things because I'd like to leave and do something else. Puts a whole new meaning to the term ""captivating puzzle""."
76561198077083121,Not Recommended,314020,29089557,Posted: 7 January,all,BACON WARRIOR,"Buy it in the 50cent bundle for cards but on its own, it just made me fall asleep"
76561198084508829,Not Recommended,314020,29128748,Posted: 8 January,all,V-Rzell,"The game looks great, but the ""gameplay"" is empty and simple. To reach the 100% I spent the most boring 2 hours of my life..."
76561198170429059,Recommended,314020,29737541,Posted: 6 February,all,Alucard257,This was a strange game lol no real story but strangly entertaining. If you like spending a few hours on a game to get a perfect game for your profile this is a good game to play.
,Recommended,314020,25759323,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,altF7,it seems i've put 6x more time in this game than the average does.im depressed.
76561197971457854,Not Recommended,314020,25916776,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,toast_1_now,Freezes up; puzzles don't always work; not worth my time.
76561198062209988,Not Recommended,314020,25654940,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,deii,boring 80 minutes and that's all
,Not Recommended,314020,15929791,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Smokes lets go,I wasted like 30 cents on this game.0/10
76561198276533895,Recommended,314020,24232715,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DaKingRCD,"great art style, gameplay, design and puzzles... that's enough to be said on this game"
,Recommended,314020,16406395,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,xG Hanney,This game is amazing so far
76561198044457534,Not Recommended,314020,16391562,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Banditking,"The flower puzzle is a leap frog game, but you wouldn't know that unless you look it up. it has a reset button.The final puzzle you gotta move parts of colored beetles (intaked on a wheel) into the right spot, it takes hours to fix one mistake, it does not have a reset button. The bug moves very slow.Finding multiples of the same object through 3/4 screens, most not placed in any clever way, is not fun.The art style is nice, but limb/bugs/objects don't stick to the laws of depth.exp, moths in the forground flew up and then behind my bug, who was on a root, behind the moths.The bug flips himself constintly when I tell him to go anywhere off his path line and it looks bad.I like the music, reminds me of Age of Empires. The bug moves very slow....The bug moves very slow."
76561198017387816,Not Recommended,314020,17063594,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,spektyr,"If you want to run this on a PC with a mouse, good luck.There are no instructions.There are no settings. You cannot control resolution, windowed mode, and so on.There are no controls, effectively. You're supposed to click and hold to make the caterpillar move. It'll do that a little, but you'll get stuck at some point and wherever it is that you're supposed to click and hold to make it move again is completely, utterly, counter-intuitive.I'm uninstalling before full-on nerdrage kicks in."
,Recommended,314020,24863338,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,l1ttle_f1sh,nice game
76561198130498685,Not Recommended,314020,26500627,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Headshot101,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,314020,18266457,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SupDos,I don't understand how to pass the first level. There is no tutorial. Nothing.
76561198024972696,Not Recommended,314020,16344128,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"Ummm.  I guess I'll start with the positives for ""Morphopolis.""  It's graphically well done and pretty.  It's short (2.3 hours).  I bought it dirt cheap ($0.19 instead of its list price of $4.99).  And, that's about it.Now for the negative.  For the most part, while playing it, you usually have no idea what you're supposed to be doing or how to do it.  It's one of those artsy-craftsy games that's exploring the boundaries of gaming.  Hand-in-hand with that, there is no win state.  You get to the end and say:  ""Is that it?"" (I actually had to check that I'd got 100% Achievements to figure out that it was over).  And, it's SLOW.  You move an insect from screen to screen, and the game cleverly animates that movement.  At a crawl.  It's and exercise in frustration because you have to crawl from screen to screen over and over again looking for little sprites buried in the scenery.  And, along with all of that, during the game, you don't even know if you can quit and save your state.  After an hour of this frustration, I really wanted to put it aside and recover.  But, I was afraid to quit because I was worried I'd have to repeat everything up to that point again.So, if you want an ""interesting"" game with ""interesting"" art and ""interesting"" mechanics and can find this at practically nothing, go ahead and buy it.  Otherwise, just pass on by."
,Recommended,314020,17930753,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kimchi Tea,"A hidden object puzzle game with no text, so you can play even if you don't speak English. No text = no tutorials or instructions, but the puzzles are straightforward enough that figuring out what you're supposed to do feels like part of the gameplay rather than a roadblock.Gorgeous art and music make me forgive Morphopolis's faults -- primarily lack of a save function and poor movement controls."
,Not Recommended,314020,24759289,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Blacktommer35,"Pro's: Art and MusicCons: Everything else- The game is super short.- The gameplay is bad, it's the definition of a bad mobile port.- Your movement is irritatibly slow.- There are no instructions where to go, which is a problem 'cause you have no idea what is path and what is background. So you basically click aimlessly until you figure out what happens next.- Lots of pointless backtracking.- Puzzles start out simple but without any instructions on what to ""solve"" they become painfully annoying. By the end they change for the worst in an absolutely horrible pointless clickfest sliderpuzzle.- No ending, finished the last puzzle, fade to black, main screen.Got it for €0,66. The art is most definitely worth that, the game around it is not."
,Not Recommended,314020,24765094,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Corpse Eater,"2/10Sorry I know a LOT of work I could never do went into this game, but I just wouldn't recommend it.Things I Liked- The soothing music.- The art.- A couple of the puzzles were a challenge.-The Idea of the next stage being controlling the insect that ate the previous bug you played as.Things I Didn't Like- The controls. I was sat slumped in my chair holding the mouse button watching my bug crawl agonisingly slowly across the screen.- The gamplay. Aside form the puzzles, most of the gameplay is based around looking at the screen to spot things to collect in order to progress.- The hint question mark in the top corner really stood out as looking unfinished against the lovely vibrant level design.- After stage 2 (of 5) I was hoping for a new element to come and wake me up, but it never did."
76561198088190767,Not Recommended,314020,27750270,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kara Redwing,"The art is interesting but the gameplay leaves quite a bit to be desired.  The few puzzles in the game are not very challenging and much of the game is spent searching for the paths you can walk along.  That was more challenging than finding the barely hidden objects.  Then when you do find the paths, the bug moves very slowly along them, and you have to click and hold while it crawls or it stops.  That combined with the bug's tendancy to end up on the wrong path and get caught in battles against your mouse at path junctions makes the game extremely frustrating.  Were is not for the mechanics issues, this would be a 30 minute game.  As is, it drags into an hour and a half+ game with a questionable story that suggests the authors had an intersting concept for the bug world, but it was never articulated beyond ""The bug eats things and disguises itself.""  Again, good concept, nice art, but the game part of the game was not well executed and I see zero replay value in it.  Considering the generally positive reviews, this game was a let down for me."
,Recommended,314020,15642199,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nu Grah A,"game of bugs.it's a point & click, hidden object, and puzzle game with a gorgeous looking art & good music too.it's about how to solve a bug's daily life."
,Recommended,314020,19786515,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,S7ЯIDΞЯ,"Short, hidden object, mildly challenging. Fun game. I like the artwork. Mouse movement can get a little frustrating, but not bad."
76561197969749884,Recommended,314020,23567395,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"A 2 hours journey of metamorphosis. Very gorgeous art design, good music, relaxing gameplay. Basically a steal."
,Recommended,314020,19123756,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Emblem Parade,"Morphopolis is a beautiful and very short hidden-object game with some puzzles of various levels of difficulty. There is no real story, but rather a sequence of scenes that more-or-less overlap with an insect's life.As you can see from the screenshots, it is a delight to behold! Just be aware that, unfortunately, it is also frustrating to play: the controls are terrible, as you move very slowly and it's too easy to move to the next screen by mistake. Luckily, the game is short enough that the frustration will soon end.Also, note that the final puzzle is devilishly hard. Because it's randomized, there is no single walkthrough that would work for everyone. You have to understand it the old-fashioned way and patiently figure it out!"
76561198023712888,Recommended,314020,15522995,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Darth Andy,"If you just feel like relaxing for a good two hours with an atmospheric game, this is the one for you. It's calming and very enjoyable!"
76561198064378233,Recommended,314020,16815667,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Saurodocus,"Looks very nice, I'm telling you this because I'm nice and i just said it's nice, so now I'm even nicer."
,Not Recommended,314020,16788707,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Tomato ass,"Good god was this boring as ♥♥♥♥. Everything is way more prolonged than it should be. I'm fine with slow paced games just as long as they aren't this slow. You or supposed to collect items to get farther in, but whenever you collect anything it takes its sweet time flying from one side of the damn screen to your inventory. 5 minuets in and i only got past the first part due to a dumb♥♥♥♥♥bug. I give this game a 2/10. worse than Uncrowded."
,Recommended,314020,16812151,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Element Finland,"Want to get mixed emotions? Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥and you'll feel mad and relaxed at the same time. In the end, this is a great experience."
,Recommended,314020,18723427,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Power King,"Morphopolis is a very short, but oh so beautiful game. I enjoyed it from the beginning to the end. I love the beautiful artwork and I really like the ""story"", if one can call it that. The mini-games are kinda fun, some are easy while others are difficult as♥♥♥♥♥♥ And the game provides no kind of hints or help, which can be frustrating, but overall it is a fun game."
,Recommended,314020,17280344,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,314020,15485710,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Cap'n Crazy,"An interesting little game with very impressive art and some clever puzzles- Definitely a deal for a quarter and an hour or two of your time. I wouldn't pay full price, but knowing how pretty it is, especially in motion, I would've paid a dollar or two for it."
,Recommended,314020,15505147,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Wrecker,bug simulator
,Not Recommended,314020,17905271,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sheep!,"In Morphopolis, you play a sort of microscopic parisitic intelligence that seeks progressively larger corpses to inhabit and animate, which is a very cool concept.  You accomplish this by painstakingly crawling your zombie bug of the moment around a few few screens of a fantastical insect realm, all drawn in a psychedelic art style, clicking on a lot of not-particularly-hidden objects and playing a couple of minigames.You may at first find that the game is very, horribly slow, but understand that this is your fault, gamer.  Just because Morphopolis was described as a ""game,"" you thought that it would be something you could ""play,"" while having ""fun"" and worst of all, maybe even ""win"" it.  Those are your preconceptions and they are wrong, wrong, wrong!  Morphopolis is not a game to play, it is a game toexperience!  See the fantastical setting?  You didn't see it enough!  An artist went to a lot of work to draw those environments, and you will look at them properly!  Your avatar will keep crossing back into previous screens, where you didn't intend to go, just to ensure that you have properly appreciated the art!  The object-collecting quests will send you creeping back and forth again and again, so youwillspend sufficient time staring at the art to demonstrate proper respect.Hear the beautiful, trippy soundtrack?  No!  You weren't paying sufficient attention, what with your gameplayer attitude of rushing through looking for enemies to kill and goals to accomplish!  The developers will helpfully correct you by slowing everything down to the pace of a slug crawling through wet cement, to ensure that you have the time to correctly appreciate the music!There are also no instructions, other than some pictograms, which sometimes makes the nature of the game a bit unclear -- that was to make the experience more immersive, and not in any way a cheap trick for saving money on localization.So don't play Morphopolis,experienceit.  It has beautiful art and sound.  If you were expecting to havefun, well, that's your selfish attitude.  Shame on you."
,Recommended,314020,15438649,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bunny🐰,"I enjoyed this game! Love the music, love the challenge, and not to mention the gorgeous artwork!If you enjoy problem solving and puzzle adventure type games, this is for you! Highly recommended for casual gamers.Do note that if you are stuck in a puzzle, there is no way to get out of it but to quit the game and restart. So, don't give up, give it a go and get your brains cracking!"
76561198075108160,Recommended,314020,15458893,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Steve Spooky,"This game is amazing.It's not the kind you usually see on Steam. It's usually either hat simulators or rock simulators, so seeing something so artistic was new. The art in this game is beautiful, and so is the music. I would honestly pay for an OST also.The game has a cute, melancholy feel to it, and the art and music are very fitting with each other. It's essentially a hidden object game, but there's also some puzzles and point and click. The gameplay is hard enough to keep it a challenge, but easy enough to make it casual and fun.The one downfall this game has is the shortness of it. I've beaten the game in my playtime, which is 2.5 hours. (Well, almost. I kind of ragequit on that last puzzle, but I'll beat it later lol.) I'm not sure if the price is worth it. The art, music, and gameplay is tremendous, but the shortness is kind of upsetting. Hopefully there's a sequel or update in the future.So overall, yes. I do recommend this game, even for the original price. But, if it is on sale, buy it, because it's a steal. (I got it for 24 cents.)"
76561197980156403,Recommended,314020,15421915,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Csta,"Snagged this guy on sale for only $0.24. Beautiful, hand-drawn graphics and peaceful music. The puzzle gameplay kept me going til the end. The mechanics are a little whacko at times, which kinda makes maneuvering a little clunky. Overall good game though. I would've paid more for it. Maybe as much as half price and it wouldn't have been a waste. Only took a couple hours to finish it. (I have 6.2 hours on record but I left it running during a long nap once. The piano music was soothing.) Not much replayability in this game, be aware."
,Recommended,314020,15424898,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,PlasmaPulverizer,"It was 104 minutes well spent. Awesome visuals, great soundtrack, and an atmosphere that fans of games like Machinarium will love."
76561198141534407,Recommended,314020,15459580,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Probably the NSA,"If it's on sale, you can get cards, and basically play the game for free, and the game is quite good."
76561198129751905,Recommended,314020,15463076,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Tiny Trooper ^_^,"if you have patience and you like puzzel and HoG games, this one is for you!I am in part 3 and until now it's not difficult to solve puzzles and find hidden objects.And i bought it for 0,24 cents, so buy it !The negative thing is that you can't save anything, you just have to finish each level, otherwise you have to do it all over again."
,Recommended,314020,15420995,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Cernel Joson,"My time is a bit inflated because I left the game running when I had to leave the computer, but you get a good hour to an hour and a half of gameplay, depending on how much you use hints and how readily you solve the puzzles. Most of the puzzles are simple, as is the hidden object main part of the game, but the art direction is quite nice. If you can get it when it's on sale for less than a quarter, as I did, it's certainly worth it. I would never recommend paying five bucks for it, though."
,Recommended,314020,15473853,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,2KI,"Totally recommended, game is awesome but has, in my opinion, just one flaw: it's far too short.Even with more or less one hour and half complete time (if you're good at it even much less) I'd like to recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,314020,15482137,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,glunya,"Quite enjoyable, but extremely short"
,Recommended,314020,23691499,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,oddguy [C&NB],"1 - 3 hour game about insects; Point and click ""adventure"" with some puzzles sewn in.For $1.99, it's pretty alright."
,Recommended,314020,15578690,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,FreeZey,I like it. Playing the game makes me feel slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ But its NB.
,Recommended,314020,16657460,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Do-Sho,"I fairly short point and click at around 90 minutes for 100%. Movement of your bug character is slow and only moves along set paths. Despite the poor controls and lack of story (there is none really), I found the game to be quite enjoyable. At full price it doesn't really meet my $1/hour rule but if you can get it on sale pick it up. Also note cards do not seem to drop."
,Recommended,314020,17858392,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,neophytegod,a pretty interesting puzzle type game. i felt smart when i found the right things to click and placed the other peices int he right positions...i beat the game before even a single card dropped... so tweak the drop rate maybe?
,Recommended,314020,32012748,Posted: 27 May,all,Kentucky Fried Rum,Wierd game. Fun experience. Very short.
,Recommended,314020,32008503,Posted: 27 May,all,A S T R O,Really nice art style accompanied by chill music. Pretty relaxing point and click if you want a good puzzle for a while.
,Recommended,314020,31156149,Posted: 15 April,all,Manycolours,"Nice and Calming but OMG the last puzzel was super hard to complete (Refered to Walkthough.. after an hour of failing attempts) Short game, but great visuals!"
76561198116403348,Recommended,314020,31943872,Posted: 24 May,all,DeatheCheshire,"Colorful, great puzzles, and relatively short so it can be easily played in one sitting."
,Recommended,314020,31938748,Posted: 24 May,all,Cassiopeia,"[recommending, but not a positive review]This is a very beautiful game, both visually and in sound, however, I would only recommend it to people who have a good amount of patience  and are not scared of bugs :D And without 21:9 widescreen monitors.. :/Controls are terrible. The bug gets stuck in places, very slow moving and on widescreens you can't even click on the object (in a point&click game!) because they don't scale with your monitor - You have to click in 2inch radius around the object to ""get"" it. I could not play it on my main monitor, so I had to turn on the old one.There is absolutely no meniu, no settings (for example resolution, or windowed mode), no explanations, no saving the game during the level. So You have to complete the level fully before turning off the game.Puzzles are very easy, more like childish (except 2). I didn't want to click ""not recommending"" becaues it is still worth Your time in a beautiful sense, just.. don't expect to be very calm when that bug gets stuck :P"
,Recommended,314020,31570150,Posted: 5 May,all,King,"While the controls are a bit unintuitive and can be annoying, this mostly isn't a bad game for the price. It's a nice chill time with some bugs, and that's pretty much what i went in expecting. The only thing that really annoyed me was that I misread some of the UI and accidentally quit a level, and had to start from the beginning, but it's not like the levels are a huge undertaking to begin with."
,Recommended,314020,31619034,Posted: 7 May,all,agriba,"Morphopolis doesn't tell you a lot as you start, so I'm going to be as vague as possible, because the most fun I had was when I had no clue what was going on.What can I say?  Morphopolis is a very pretty puzzle game.  The puzzles are easy, except for one towards the end, but that doesn't count as a strike against the game.  The presentation here is everything, which is not something I would normally say.Down with the bugs and plants, youre tasked with slowly moving up the food chain, and thats all you really have to go on.  It is straightforward what it wants, but that is a matter of hindsight.Morphopolis can best be described as an experience.  It isn't the greatest puzzle game around, but it is still worthwhile to check out if you are looking for something different for a couple hours."
,Recommended,314020,32186227,Posted: 4 June,all,P5ych0path,Great game. Very relaxing and fun.
,Recommended,314020,30240268,Posted: 28 February,all,Duke Silver,"Morphopolis is a great point and click puzzle game that has an amazing artistic atmosphere. The puzzles can be challenging at some points but the game, for its short duration, is worthwhile."
,Recommended,314020,32663589,Posted: 22 June,all,Atreides,Morpheeuuus
76561198053644420,Not Recommended,314020,29342267,Posted: 18 January,all,Kim Jong-zen,You will need some Morphine after this game.
76561198170423950,Not Recommended,314020,35205917,Posted: 25 September,all,Galactic Pepe,ne
,Recommended,314020,25261380,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,King_Of_Cool,This game has very simple gameplay but yet it still has a few puzzles that really make you think. It can be confusing at times because of the lack of instructions. The artwork in this game is beautiful. At a cheap price it is a very relaxing game. The game takes about 2 hours to beat completely so it is very short. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this game.
76561198145256791,Recommended,314020,27295564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WowCraft,Weird :d
,Recommended,314020,33259262,Posted: 4 July,all,Negative Creep,- Game biology that learns about insects
,Recommended,314020,22244486,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,XNyst,Good game
,Recommended,314020,29450523,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,Nice puzzles and trading cards.
76561198228662472,Recommended,314020,33464320,Posted: 11 July,all,ivy_l,This game is about insects which at first glance you might be put off but give it a try its a beautiful game the music is great.. I can't say enough about how i loved the way this game looks yes it does involve bugs and i guess for some disturbing things lol but its a really great puzzle casual adventure game
,Recommended,314020,21739949,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Crys3125,"Wonderful hidden object game.  The movement mechanics (and animations) are a bit rough, but the actual design is really lovely. Took a fair amount of time for such a cheap game, definitely got my money's worth.  Wish there were more chapters, honestly!"
76561198170633027,Recommended,314020,28573204,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The sentient fedora,"Normally i tend to stay away from from the whole hidden item genre so I have no idea why I purchased this game to begin with. Maybe it was the gorgeous visuals, the intresting puzzles or just pure boredom.Whatever it was I am very glad I made the purchase as I enjoyed this game immensely.However it is not without its flaws, firstly the movement of your little aphid is very awkward and slow. It takes some getting used to. Some puzzles are very frustrating not due to difficulty but to poor control. For example one puzzle sees you try to turn piles of seeds into 1 pile using checkers moves. It takes 3 or 4 swipes to make a move and makes what is a fairly simple puzzle a hard slog.Final Rating 8/10"
76561198044911792,Recommended,314020,15793957,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Eveaustria,"Would I recommend this game? Whenever the price drops for a while again, then yes, especially if you feel charmed by the look of the game. However everything above 2 Euro would seem too much pricy n my opinion... Here's why:Pro:* the artful drawings and likable meditation-inducing piano-sound give off a very nice and enjoyable atmosphere* this game is in reality a Hidden Object Game - search for half-hidden stuff in 2D-sceneries filled to the rim with details and in between play a number of different minigames. Which is great in my opinion because I love HOGs. Well, if you don't, that might not be a Plus for you then...* if you have ever played a bunch of HOGs, you will immediately recognize the minigames and will know what you have to do, as they are all very typical and not too hard to solve* Morphopolis also has elements of an adventure as you have to ""control"" an insect and make it crawl around a bit plus you'll have to click on some cratures or plants to ""hand in"" stuff you've found/collected. But this is very little adventure-like gameplay all in all, much less than most modern HOGs feature actually. Not even as much ""adventure"" as in Botanicula or Samorost, although Morphopolis might make you think of games like that instinctivelyContra:* the game is extremely short. E.x.t.r.e.m.e.l.y. I finished it within 2 hours, which included a coffee-break. To be more precisely: Morphopolis only has 5 ""chapters"", consisting of 17 screens/scenes and 7 minigames in total (if I did not miscalculate).I really wonder why it has to be so short? It couldn't have been so hard to add many more sceneries, more stuff to collect, and perhaps also more of the re-usable types of minigames - especially the beautiful butterfly jigsaw or the ""plant repair""-game. Did the developers just lose interest all of a sudden whilst making the game, or did they have a fight and decided to stop working together instantly?* if Morphopolis was just a point-and-click-game I would have finished it within 1 hour. But the developers had this ""brilliant"" *coughs* idea to make the game ""last longer"" by letting your insectoid avatar crawl only very, very slowly. Painfully slowly :(* the controls add to your discomfort - the way how to move and where to move your insect are horribly rigid. It does not help much that by clicking and holding your left mouse button on the insect it will emit dark greenish ... uh... I really think it looks like dung ... to give a hint about possible paths it can take next within a close radius* it takes a lot of patience to make your insect go where you want it to, but then you make one wrong click and your insect will quickly switch to the next/former screen even if you didn't want that -_-* in chapter two your insect has to eat/suck three egglike things, which you can only find out by sheer luck like by clicking around wildly and hitting one of the eggs per chance. And there's this one minigame in chapter 5 where you have to ""swipe"" with the cursor to let a small heap of seeds ""jump"" over others. It took me quite a while and luck to find out how to move these piles of seed :( No explanations for the controls to be found for minigames anywhere. Is this supposed to be ""part of the fun""? Well, not for me, sorry.* you also cannot skip any minigames, which can be really frustrating for some people. Well, but if you could, then the game would be over in the blink of an eye; so I guess that's why you can't... Pity.* for an Hidden Object Game the stuff you have to find is not ""hidden"" well nor cleverly. Sometimes it is nearly invisible, which will make you click wildly all over your screen after a while - that will do the trick, but will leave you unsatisfied. With this kind of interesting, detailled and colorful background, blending stuff in could have been done 100 times better* the ""story"" about transformation lacks a bit too in my opinion, as in three levels the ""goal"" of your insect is to meet with a much larger insect and seemingly to dig into it's head, which does not make much sense...Conclusion: there are many beautiful hand-drawn artistic games with relaxing music and interesting ideas out there. Morphopolis definitely has the potential to be a real gem of this genre. But it turned out to be a mere sherd. Makes me want to replay Botanicula and sing along with the frogs ;)"
,Recommended,314020,21038795,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[SBE]~Jontz | Aposentado~,"Nice game idea, some bugs on movement but a nice game to play!Gameplay: 7.5/10comment: One of the problems of this game is that newbies wont know how to play it,because of poor instructions in-gamea below 5$ must play game!"
,Recommended,314020,27456836,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arkan01d,"If you've ever looked at a fly and said, ""Bring me 20 jelly beans!"" Then this is your game"
,Recommended,314020,17826117,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,Amazing and relaxing game. <3
,Not Recommended,314020,32513204,Posted: 17 June,all,DeathSaves,This game blows. Just get the cards and move on. It's horrible UI design. No clues that make any sense and the music is highly highly annoying.
,Not Recommended,314020,31784773,Posted: 16 May,all,And_DOt,"Artistic, controls suck, short, gameplay suck 4/10."
,Recommended,314020,18378343,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,cursed_genjik,"Well, I know there's a friend that will give me thumb down on anything I write as a review, so I'll make this review as simple as I can.Like most people say, this game is full of bugs."
,Not Recommended,314020,23525540,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Poison Dart ☠,Didn't like it.
,Not Recommended,314020,24693787,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,<HF> ☠Shonem☠,"Got this on sale for 50 cents.I think 50 cents or so would of been a fair price for what I got, but I still can't reccomend it based on the price tag and content alone.If you're really bad at puzzles, the game might take you an hour at most.It took me about 20-30 minutes to beat this game however.Achievements didn't work right away though so I had to beat it 2 more times.The only really hard puzzle for those who have never done them before is the beatle puzzle.It's not as hard as it looks however as you're really just swapping out things in order till it's in the order you need it in.Bottom line is though.1. Not enough content for what it is.2. Puzzles are too easy.3. Music cannot be muted4. 2 dollars for 20 minutes of content with 0 replayability.If you snag a discount card and can snag it for under a dollar, and you like puzzle games with some atmosphere, then I would get it.It's got steam cards as well too so there is that.But even then you'll play it once and never looks back."
76561198043602961,Not Recommended,314020,31332873,Posted: 23 April,all,Zynera,ghvj
76561198119598306,Recommended,314020,32348198,Posted: 11 June,all,dripkidd,"Watercolor biohorror hideen object game. Nice visual and audio design, bit clunky controls. Remarkable color schemes. Tough puzzles."
76561197960406672,Not Recommended,314020,15469394,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jower,Possibly the worst game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,314020,20126797,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,racism is correct,"Pretty pictures and relaxing music, but it's a Hidden Object ""game"" interspersed with occasional abstract Myst-style puzzles. The artwork is pretty but it's extremely poor at highlighting the objects you're supposed to click - so poor that the game has to throw up giant flashing Click Here Next Arrows, which render the ""game"" portion completely pointless.Bottom line, it's great at being a screensaver, but pretty awful at being a game. Considering the low price, I'd vote ""neutral"" if such a concept were allowed."
,Not Recommended,314020,16758501,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zervo,"it filled with bugs.. disgusting bugs all over the place. and with other disgusting looking flower and plant that i don't know if it really exist or not.the point and click puzzle is pointless, frustrating, and unrewarding.i don't know why people say that the art and music are beautiful.I felt dizzy and annoy by the art, music, and the sound effect (at the point that i mute it)the interface is terrible, gameplay sucks.one time, I almost clear the level, but got frustrated in the last puzzle (prob the last).I started clicking button to see what it will do. and one of the button bring me to the home menu without warning and I need to start the damn whole level from the start.Well, f* you.. I quit. You can f* yourself with your stupid game.5-6 hours playtime, waiting for the damn cards to drop."
,Recommended,314020,29328363,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,Don't want to get invested into it so here's a review
,Recommended,314020,17864791,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chrüterchraft,"Ho acquistato questo gioco a 0,19€ durante il saldo di steam del 96% e devo dire che è un puzzle game molto carino, consigliato a questo prezzo ma non certo a 4,99€.Nonostante ci sono solo 5 livelli il gameplay è molto simpatico."
,Not Recommended,314020,34721950,Posted: 3 September,all,Scott ★ Printers,I did not use this game to farm trading cards.
76561198185473837,Not Recommended,314020,22357051,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SHINOGEKAI,Worst game ever!
,Recommended,314020,30359460,Posted: 6 March,all,MissCocoPops ♥.,Beautiful puzzle game ♥
,Recommended,314020,16875201,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Som3Tyng,Gameplay(1/5)History(3/5)Graphics(3/5)Soundtrack(4/5)Characters(3/5)Setting(5/5)Multiplayer / Co-op(-/-)Difficulty(1/5)Fun(3/5)
,Not Recommended,314020,24253568,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Cheddarmunky,"Pros:Relaxing music.Cons:There is more content in the original flip phones than there is this game. lolMovement is wretched, and i mean WRETCHED!The ""search and find"" system is about hard enough for my 2 year oldThe puzzles are generic and have been done many times before.The description of the game says an ""EPIC"" journey... notAll in all....If they added instructions to puzzles the game would take 15 mins instead of an hour.1/10"
,Not Recommended,314020,24608028,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,sykl0ps,"Very nice artwork, neat sense of depth.  Music is fitting and sets the mood.  It's half hidden object half puzzle game with puzzles that are not very fun or unique.  I did enjoy the last puzzle and would of liked more of that.  About an hour and a half of playtime.  Artwork doesn't make a game even though it is really nice, I even liked just looking at the menu screen.  Neat to look at; not very fun."
,Not Recommended,314020,19498463,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Emaxmagnus,My dead grandma is more responsitive than this game controls
,Recommended,314020,15432802,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,Mushishi The Game 10/10
76561198141109111,Recommended,314020,15423389,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Goat Boy,"Morphopolis is a visually beautiful game that puts you in the simple life of an insect. You complete puzzles, collect seeds, and perform ""quests"" for other bugs to advance through levels. The colors in this game are great and it you can get a very rewardng feeling from completing some of the challenges. While this game is fun it does have some flaws. The title/level select screen is really simple and really could be better. Also, this game is not something you can play for very long since there really are not many levels and many of them are a cake walk. I personally picked this game up while it was on sale for 24 cents and have no regrets (who would?). I reccomend this game to anyone who would like a break from the shooters for a little bit, anyone who enjoys taking control of insects, or anyone who is in to drugs."
,Not Recommended,314020,15395859,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,AlienDuckSkull,i find this to be very boring
76561198102790823,Not Recommended,314020,22367091,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cyberglyph,"This games looks really beautiful.   After playing it for a little bit, I did get bored, the game does not give you really any direction on what you are doing or how to interact with the puzzles.  I would say google is going to be your best friend in this game.  To me this is a bad concept, I don't want me hand holding, but googling to figure how to play a game is silly.  The music is very soothing but turn it down for best results, graphics are very beautiful, and the puzzles well, hit and miss.  I may not have played the game very long, but this is going on the do not play list in my library for sure.I would give this game a do not recommend because of the vague nature of how to play and puzzle mechanics are just straight up unexplainable.  Only buy this when Steam has it on sale for less than .50 cents its not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,314020,16434278,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GrayGL,"Gameplay sucked♥♥♥♥♥♥ artwork was good, -10/-100"
,Recommended,314020,32195159,Posted: 5 June,all,Shockbust,"One of the most relaxing, short but cheap indie games I have ever played. It has a beautiful art design and the music is exactly what you need for this type of game. It's not a particularly hard game, maybe you get stuck once or twice but overall it's a relaxing and fun experience."
,Recommended,314020,20572693,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,LL KooL K,Live as a bug and enjoy !!
76561198310413555,Not Recommended,314020,34382638,Posted: 20 August,all,gar0ero,for some reason it doesnt work on my cp
76561197989421071,Not Recommended,314020,19695590,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,TheStoryteller01,"?/? - morphine comes to mindThe late film critic Roger Ebert once refused to rate ""The Human Centipede"". As a movie he found it unbearable but he asked himself if maybe the author/director was only using the medium film to make a statement, that maybe it was art  - and art is nothing that a film critic could judge.I am kind of in the same place now. As a game it is a complete fail in my opinion - but maybe it's some weird kind of art, or a Zen statement, or maybe it's meant as an animated music video, or maybe it's the ""Lucy in the Sky"" for PC games - honestly I have no clue.All I know, is that I would NOT recommend it to the 'regular' gamer that makes up 99% of the Steam user base."
76561198152212728,Not Recommended,314020,28988888,Posted: 3 January,all,Lemanx7,Tedious....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Not Recommended,314020,23638936,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Frogburt,i dont even know what to say other than this game isnt that good3/10
76561198035997588,Recommended,314020,24166021,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Zwaffeldin,Short but funny. and it looks really creative and artful!bought it on sale (€0.24) totally worth it :D
,Not Recommended,314020,20683160,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nevermind,pretty boring
76561198202330858,Not Recommended,314020,25765808,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,happyhomemaker,"I am utterly shocked that this game has received such high reviews.   This is a point and click with a different sort of artsy backdrop of bugs and plants.  The artistry is nice, but it really stops there.  I really tried to like this game and even completed it, hoping for some redeeming value.  getting the bug to move from screen to screen was tedious, having to go back to old screens to collect items you weren't allowed to collect originally (even knowing it would be necessary later), and having to figure out what you were to do on each screen became monotonous. And the bug was SLOW.  getting the puzzles to start was also slow (the lightening bugs, for example).  There was a good 15 second delay.  Does not seem like much in the scheme of things, but just sit there waiting to understand what the game is doing, and it seems like an eternity.By the end of the game, when I wasn't sure what was next, my thought was, ""it had better not make me go through all of the screens on this level to collect the water drops.  If it does, its over!""  It did not, thankfully, but that did not make the game any more fun.There is no guide, except a little question mark in the upper right corner to ""help"" you when you are stuck.  But, it does not always help you.  It ONLY helps when looking for a collectable item and it is on the page you are on, otherwise it gongs.  If there is another step (a branch, for instance) it does not help you find it.  Time was wasted on trying to figure out what the many puzzles wanted.  Once I understood them, it was fine, but it was not intuitive.My final though was, ""did I really spend money on this game?""  I bought it on sale, but, that does not make me any happier.  I buy most of my games based on the very positive ratings they receive.  I would not pay money for this game unless I were a point and click collector.  There are plenty of other point and clicks (even free) that are much more enjoyable.  The two hours I lost on the game were not enjoyable ones."
,Recommended,314020,16440930,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Riveroo,"keep scrolling,...in the bottom of my review maybe can answer your question,..."
,Not Recommended,314020,16520163,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[SKFP] m0rg,"Bought the game for the art style, and on that it delivers. In all other aspects though, it really doesn't.You control a bug that goes from larvae to some form of avian insect reminiscent of a bumblebee. To do this you crawl (very slowly) from screen to screen through out five short chapters, collecting objects to manipulate the world in different ways. This part is pretty much a hidden objects-game. Sometimes when you have collected all the parts for one of the objectives you are rewarded with a small puzzle. These puzzles aren't anything special. The difficulty of the puzzles are for the most part trivial, but I got stuck twice because of a couple of very misleading or unintuitive elements. And that is all there is to it.I paid 0,19€ for it, and for that price I think it's worth a play through just for the art. For the regular asking price though, I would not recommend it, for that price I'd expect more game for my money."
,Recommended,314020,17842057,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,𝐅𝐨𝐤𝐳,-96% and has cards
,Not Recommended,314020,30211159,Posted: 26 February,all,sbondo1234,DOG SAYS BAD!
76561198106895978,Recommended,314020,15469142,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Dark,Bought this game on sale for 96% off. Already got the booster pack after a few days. Already earned back what I paid for it.10/10
76561198112669681,Recommended,314020,23275621,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,314020,17928246,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,LittlePig,"A very simple & short puzzle/hide & seek game.Took a little over 2hours to complete start to finish. Would be much quicker if I wasn't colourblind so the last level was a hit & miss for me.However, for the sale price of 15p and easy to obtain 100% achievements it's fun while it last's.Nice vibrant colours & has a beautiful soundtrack to it to make it an even more relaxing game. ^^"
,Recommended,314020,20908749,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Emperor ♛,Good Game!!!
,Recommended,314020,22019561,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,TPI | Ketobbey,Very Pretty. Small amount of puzzle. Loved the music <3 It was a very chill game to play. I liekd the idea and it was a joy.
,Not Recommended,314020,23023289,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,NAIF.XEN,"I HATE THIS GODDAMN GAME!!! TRY NOT TO BUY IT!!!If you are a perfectism wanna complete all of it after completing the first trophy, then don't even open it.Goddamn boring music with goddamn-who-know-how-to-solve puzzles will drain every brain cell and tears from you.Some says the graphic is good. Well, if you do stare at a shadow of a small leaf and try to guess where the leaf comes from a goddamn silly plant for one hour, you will never say so. That's not gonna be a problem though, because you are half blind after doing so.I know many got it in a bundle, DO NOT OPEN IT or you will waste at least 2 hours of your precious life. Go enjoy GTA or DOTA or even goat simulator, don't waste time on this hell."
,Recommended,314020,24144605,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
,Recommended,314020,15384546,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lance Corporal Boiled Egg,"This is an absolutely beautiful game, perfect for casual gamers and puzzle solvers. Sometimes the puzzles and such can be frustrating to do, but thatI'm no good at puzzles! There are now achievements and trading cards for this title, which adds a bit extra to the experience.Overall I would say that this is a satisfying (although short) game, and I definitely recommend it, so grab it while it's on sale!"
,Not Recommended,314020,29264977,Posted: 14 January,all,SOCOM,apparently when the game crashed it never really closed so i ended up running it the entire time my pc was on
,Recommended,314020,30257136,Posted: 1 March,all,dm,k
,Recommended,314020,26213778,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ryuu,beautiful and relaxing game that's kinda hidden object+puzzle. no more than 2 hours to complete
76561198004915708,Recommended,314020,15269145,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,SunOfABreach,:D
,Recommended,314020,15704167,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,moonlight,I just wanted to get the cards.?/10
,Recommended,314020,31564335,Posted: 5 May,all,,"________´$$$$`_____________________________,,,________´$$$$$$$`_________________________´$$$`________`$$$$$$$`______,,________,,_______´$$$$´_________`$$$$$$$`____´$$`_____´$$`____´$$$$$´__________`$$$$$$$`_´$$$$$`_´$$$$$`__´$$$$$$$´___________`$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_´$$$$$$$´_____________`$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$`´$$$$$$´____,,,,,,______`$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$´__´$$$$$`____`$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$´_´$$$$$$$$$`´$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$´_´$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$´____`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$_$$$$$$_$$$$$$´_______`$$$$$$$$$$$$$_$$$$$__$$_$$$$$$_$$´________`$$$$$$$$$$$$,___,$$$$,_____,$$$$$´__________`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$´___________`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$´_____________`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$´________________`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$´_"
,Not Recommended,314020,19639383,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zerenade,"Pretty wierd game, I got this game in a bundle, but I wonder who literally just buy this game! XD"
01101110011000010,Not Recommended,314020,30845158,Posted: 30 March,all,Elzbieta,"Terrible controls, framerate goes to 5fps after 1 minute of gameplay, the puzzles are cool, though. Best traumatizing experience i've ever had.  10/10 - Simply unplayable unless you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198087912961,Not Recommended,314020,14529050,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sandhouse,A short game. A slow game. Simple puzzles. Okay music. Just wasn't fun.
,Not Recommended,314020,25674455,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Chaken,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄This game ▄▐▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Posted June 15.
76561198047988603,Recommended,314020,17087585,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jason,"I can't complain since I bought this for 19 cents.  That's basically me selling two steam trading cards.The feeling the game gives off... I don't how many of you remember ""The Very Hungry Caterpillar,"" but it invokes that same kind of nostalgic blast of color, something that mesmerizes you.  It is more than ten times as bright and vivid as that book, but as adults that's what it takes to overload your senses.  At the same time there is an ever-present sensation of faded-ness.  Like the bright colors are constantly waning and all your efforts is only leading you to the end of both the game and your buggy life.The game play is nothing special.  It is just a point and click with a few puzzles.Note:  Screw the beetle lock!  That took me half an hour.  That's 25% of the time spent on this game wasted on a bland rock with five bugs on it!"
,Recommended,314020,17095025,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ＴＩＡＬ,Good game!
,Recommended,314020,16957156,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Good Cop,"A colourful and relaxing hidden object / mini-puzzle game with a smooth soundtrack and an enjoyable atmosphere. Difficulty seemed just right to me and overall looks are fresh and creative. Will click2relax again!seems really short, though"
76561198096106609,Recommended,314020,16962634,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Aryiss,"Feels like I'm tripping balls while trying to do a hidden pictures/ puzzles clicky game.LIke i've consumed too much tea at the mad Hatters tea party and smoked too much with the talking caterpillar.Then ate a shinking cookie.Thus was able to view insect life while high.Fastinating. :)Pros:> beautiful> relaxing> Teh music>  If the movie ""Bugs LIfe"" and ""Alice in Wonderlands"" had a love childCon:> A very snail paced game.> Seriously, it takes so ♥♥♥♥ing long to get from point A to point B.Over all i score it a 10/10.Would bug out again."
,Recommended,314020,16950077,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Matthias_Wlkp,"This is a really neat game. Quite short unfortunately, but if you see it on a sale for approx $.20, it's definetly worth it.I really enjoyed the graphics. They are well done and create a complete aesthetic feel.Controls are a bit glitchy, but after a while you are able to overcome any imperfections.My 6 y.o. daughter is able to play this after we did one playthrough together. She has hard time with one or two puzzles, but the rest is just right."
,Recommended,314020,16952468,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,banyonhanner,Enjoyed this little game and wish it was longer. Would love to have all those mini puzzles in a game by themselves. I will be looking for any updates and or a second edition.
,Not Recommended,314020,17399591,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DyingHobo,"I want to like this, I really do. Decent music and vibrant art, but that alone does not make a game. When the gameplay is just a hidden object search with horrible tablet interface movement that is painfully slow between screens, I found it more monotonous than entertaining. This game could also be called ""How evolution does NOT work"", though I know it's artsy and not intending to be accurate. If you can get under $1, sure, might be worth it. Any more? Don't waste your time or money."
,Recommended,314020,17236224,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,samgirl18,This is just so beautiful to play. The atmosphere and the artwork are so pretty to look at and it's really relaxing and calm to play.
,Recommended,314020,17234182,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,./dopamiиe,Beautiful game although is very short and can be finished in ~80 min. I paid about 2€ for it and it's ok for this price but I don't think is worth 5€.
,Recommended,314020,17990162,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,|-|19|-|j4|<|<00R,love it.
76561198164176469,Not Recommended,314020,30525605,Posted: 15 March,all,Sneaky Chinese Guy,"I guess the money pays for the art, nothing else"
,Recommended,314020,17974428,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Cap'n Suchi,"Can't say it's like any other game I've played before. However it was vey interesting. The puzzles weren't super difficult nor were they easy, and I like puzzles so that was a big plus for me. It's a good game, grab it next time it goes on sale."
,Recommended,314020,17950479,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sir BBP,"Fun, interesting, good puzzles, takes a little brain juice but not too much, and nice art. A little slow, but it adds to the atmosphere. I got it on sale, and I don't know if I'd pay full price for it, pick it up on discount if you can!"
,Recommended,314020,17972333,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Prince Vegeta,"Beautiful scenarios, hard puzzles, nice music... worth the $ spent.I'm almost ending the game... i want more. :\"
76561198010113885,Recommended,314020,18038565,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Woogawoman,"Morphopolis is a very short game, but I really enjoyed it. For the first few moments, I was frustrated, but then you have that ""aha"" satisfaction for figuring out the mechanisms without being told. Yes, there is a lot of moving back and forth. But the soundtrack is lovely, the visuals are delightful, and it was a very relaxing experience. I do wish there were more levels, though. I finished the game too quickly to even get one card drop (which isn't a big deal for me but gives a sense of how short it is). Definitely consider it if you like puzzle games and it's on sale."
,Recommended,314020,17828534,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,w0049749,"I bought this game at 96% off, that makes it about 20c.It took an hour and a half to complete and it was more a calming meditative experience than a puzzle game. It'd be great if you have children that you want to calm down and chill out for about twenty minutes (how long each level takes).It's a very simple game, but it's something you buy for the artwork and mood rather than as something to conquer and complete."
,Recommended,314020,17830493,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hawk,"Generally a nice little game, but it has a horrible user interface and sometimes you have no idea what you're supposed to do as there are very few onscreen prompts, in addition your control is through the mouse alone, which to move the insect you have to keep the mouse button held down. This normally wouldn't be an issue for most, however for someone who has RSI and arthritis in my wrist, it can be a bit of a hell to play, still a silly little game for a few pence, I can't complain too much."
,Recommended,314020,17830608,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,UXU,"The graphic art, illustration and aesthetics are very good. The puzzles are interesting. The music is not bad, the loops could be longer. That's the good thing about the game. Its gameplay is mediocre, the animation is basic and not very good. They are only 5 levels. I recommend buying one if you are in and their cards offer traiding.El arte grafico, la ilustración y la estética estan muy bien. Los puzzles son interesantes. La música no esta mal, los loops podrían ser mas largos. Eso es lo bueno que tiene el juego. Su jugabilidad es mediocre, la animacion es basica y no muy buena.  Son solo 5 niveles. Recomiendo comprarlo solo si esta en oferta y por sus traiding cards."
,Not Recommended,314020,17507243,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bestey,"Picked this up on sale because it seemed somewhat interesting and had Steam cards.  Short game (finished in under 2 hours) with little in the way of entertainment value.  It's basically a hidden object game with a few puzzles thrown in.  That being said, the controls are at times frustrating, the bug is slow to move (had the bug moved faster, it'd be complete in minutes I guess) and the few puzzles that exist are nothing new."
76561198002541740,Recommended,314020,17825623,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Azagaar,The art is gorgeous. Music fits into this game perfectly. Plus the idea is really nice. Puzzles are not very challenging once you figure out how they work.All in all I recomend this game.
,Recommended,314020,17823417,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,"This is a very plesant short game. Relaxing music, fun puzzles, very pretty art work and a very reasonable price. The game wasn't too hard but wasn't too easy and really made you think at times. Over all, it is a great game. One thing I really liked about it is how you can get all the achievements from one play through. No need to go through monotonous stuff just to unlock and achievement.Would I recommend the game? Definitally. The game has been over all a pleasurable experience and missing an oppertunity to play such a beautiful game would be a let down."
76561198026051943,Not Recommended,314020,17844431,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gonzo,"Very Artistic.  I like Point & Click Games, I like Hidden Object Games, at least most of those give you an idea of what needs to be done to progress....  the controls in this are frustrating, the puzzles, are simple enough, once you work you need to do in the puzzle.Glad i got it on a huge sale.Looks good, nice atmospheric music, but can't recommend the game"
76561198075918163,Recommended,314020,17916231,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Xplode,"Bought the game because was on sale.Was amazed by it.The colors are beautifull, the puzzles challenging, especially the last one, took me about an hour to solve.Sometimes it can be frustating, there's no instrunctions, no way to know what are you suppose to do, or where you should go.But overall, dont regret buy it."
,Recommended,314020,17916244,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Strenling,It's a cute game with some nice puzzles and artwork - If you manage to find it on sale (I did for $.19 USD) then it's worth nabbing it!
,Recommended,314020,17923454,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tenshi Okami,"This game is actually really interesting. It’s a beautiful piece of art with high details and bright colors. No, I am not talking about a painting; I’m talking about the game although the game is like a painting in a way. It has a very calming feel that helps you relax as you try to work out the puzzles and find the items in which you’re looking for. It’s a very short game, only about an hour or two depending on how good you are at puzzles and hidden object games. Behind the puzzles and artwork, we have an interesting sort of story that is abstract enough for you to take what you want from it. It is one of those games that might have a deeper meaning if you really want to look for it.They don’t really explain a story line for the game much, you are thrust straight into the game as a little larva or caterpillar wiggling around. It keeps you in that insect world as you go from a small larva to a grasshopper to a bee and so on. There aren’t any times that you actually fly or jump which is kind of strange but you walk around gathering items and the end of the stage is crawling into what looks like a carcass of the bug you will be next. I know the game is called morphopolis and is supposed to be about metamorphosis but this feels more like you taking over the dead bug instead.The game play is… at times its pretty good when you get into the puzzles but the movement of the character walking around is a little hard to deal with. Times when I am clicking to find the objects, the little character that I was playing would move and go into a different scene when I am not ready for it. That’s the problem with clicking the screen being both for finding items and moving your character. There are times when my character also had trouble finding the pathways I wanted him to go on.  I think it would have been a bit easier if they had the arrow keys to move the character as I could hit the down button or up to go on those paths. The character moves very slowly which can make that part of the game boring when you have to go back and forward to collect items. There is a lot of back tracking in this and it would have been nice to be able to have the character speed up. There is one other problem that I do have with the puzzles. The puzzles don’t tell you how to do them, you sort of just have to try different things to figure it out. There was one puzzle I got stuck on because nothing I did was actually working that I had to look up what the puzzle was supposed to be so I could play it.The artwork is so amazing. It’s very high detail and is almost like a surreal painting with how playful the colors and designs are. The problem with this though is that there are times you can’t find the path you need to go on most of the time. The paths just blend in with the background or are really hard to figure out. They luckily have it so that when you click your character, a couple green sparkles will resonate from him and travel a little way along the path though sometimes its hard to see depending on how high detailed the area is around them. On the other hand, the high detail does make finding the objects your looking for all the more rewarding as it is hard to see them.The music is so calming and a little mysterious. There is one track through the whole thing and yet I never got bored of it. It’s a piano solo that almost put me to sleep a couple of times during the long walk parts. That is all I can really say on it as its just calming.Overall, it was a nice little game to play. Is it worth the money that it is on steam right now? Maybe not. I got the game on a steam sale and It was worth the amount I paid for but I’m not sure if it’s the full $4.99 worth. My recommendation is to get it on sale because it is a good game, and it is beautiful. If you get it for the normal price, then you’re mostly paying for the artwork."
76561198131152580,Recommended,314020,17935912,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MR.J,A fun experience
,Recommended,314020,17919638,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tabascofanatikerin,"The game ""Morphopolis"" is a pretty little, short puzzle/hidden objects game that builds on a relaxing atmosphere in a natural, colourful environment (to be more exact: the world of insects).In five levels you take control of an insect trying to get to the end of the level but a row of obstacles get in your way. To get rid of them you need to solve a few puzzles or find a certain amount of objects (which is more challenging than it sounds considering the detailed backgrounds you have to look at to find the objects).What's nice is that the game is quite relaxing which is because of the soothing easy-listening soundtrack and the design which make you feel you're in some sort of jungle right now.You won't get any help in the game on what a puzzle is about but most of the time it's easy to find out. Only the very last puzzle in level 5 is very tricky.Aside from the lack of game help in the game, it can get very annoying when the screen moves and you have to way until the next screen slowly appears (because your insect moves slowly, too).So if you like a short puzzle/hidden objects game for about 1-2 hours and if you don't dislike insects, feel free to entertain yourself. But because it's so short, better keep your eyes open for a discount offer instead of paying full 4,99 € for this game."
,Not Recommended,314020,17945320,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Kaymuhr,"I wanted to like this game and it has some beautiful aspects to it. The music is very well done and there is a lot of attention to detail. Unfortunately, I found it was very let down by the gameplay as movement is far too slow. The puzzles are not hard, but is is often not clear what is expected and ultimately, to me, they were rather dull. The colours are garish, and some of the confirmation noises are irritating. Worth picking up if in sale, leave it if not!"
76561198065887629,Recommended,314020,18020030,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,idolatrine,Like solving puzzles that almost make you rage quit ?Love vibrant colors and want to calm yourself down ?Buy It.
76561198247680442,Recommended,314020,18058032,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Gerald The Shrew,"Really beautiful design, as well as some challenging puzzles, shame it didn't last longer"
,Not Recommended,314020,18295731,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,mysticmynstrel,"It's short, the characters move awkwardly, and the puzzles are mostly pretty simple. It's pretty-ish, but the art seems to get in the way of the game at times."
76561198146029658,Recommended,314020,18180265,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,amoshiggs,"This is how you elevate a game above most others in its genre.A standard point-and-click puzzle/hidden object game, except with superb visuals and an interesting world to navigate. The game is simple (uncomplicated), yet somewhat challenging with some of the puzzles. The appeal of the unique surroundings is enough to keep me interested in playing, but the actual gameplay is also very good."
,Not Recommended,314020,18092114,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Persian Gulf,not bad some good art and nice graphic but i recommend this game for 5 to 12 ~ 15 years old :Dim just playing it for achivements but something is worng with this game my saves go away.
76561198171388381,Recommended,314020,18226606,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,spielerinchen,"it's a game mainly about patience & miniscule observation. very pretty done, relaxing & somewhat disturbingly eerie too.the music alone is already stunningly hypnotic, i like it very much & instead of the art i would prefer the soundtrack as an additional content, but that's just me. it reminds me of some pieces by Future 3.the only negative thing i have to say about Morphopolis is that it's very short, 5 chapters only. it's a pity.because it's that kind of a game where you could go on & on & when stuck, then you put it aside frustrated & come back later to finish the next small piece of the path.i played months ago a game with exactly the same principle, Tiny Big Bang Story, which is fortunately much longer.in any case a game one should take time for, at least internally.i highly recommend it, only, rather at a somewhat lowered price, it's too short for the full amount of 5€.it is also available for iPad, which i will probably buy too, i think, it's just one of those rare little games one has to own & enjoy for their own sake."
76561198126939378,Recommended,314020,18248228,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Morphopolis is a beautiful little 'game', if you are not too afraid of insects and everything that crawls.Pros:- easy puzzler- gorgeous levels- great sound/soundtrack- it's weird, me likeyCons:- not quite sure if there are anyVerdict:the little time I spent with the game was rather pleasant and relaxing.Morphopolis is sure not the game to hook you for hours or challenge your every witt, but it offers a welcome distraction around the lines of 'Among Ripples' that will make you appreciate your surroundings a littler more.on a sale I would definitely recommend it, for the full price: be aware that this is a different kind of 'game', which should be fine in the world of Steam refunds ;)"
76561198204407044,Recommended,314020,18247516,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Conrad the Corsair,Like Masturbating with sandpaper 10/10
76561198053259351,Recommended,314020,16983742,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Fenris84,"This is an artistic hidden object game, with lots of colors and insects. Its interesting and looks great, but too short.No doubt it was worth the bundle price."
,Recommended,314020,17035220,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Shaft,"""Morphopolis"", or ""A Bug's Life"", is a short hidden object game with slight point-and-click elements, mainly in directing your character, which is a bug, by pointing and clicking. The bug grows from larvae to bigger buggy forms, while collecting hidden items and solving occasional puzzles.The game features 5 stages, a soothing soundtrack, beautiful artwork, sluggish and unresponsive controls, and a frustrating last puzzle which may take you minutes or hours to complete, based on your luck. I was lucky and finished it in about 10 minutes, completely by accident.Since I got it for €0.19 on sale, I consider it money well spent. At its full price of €4.99, eh, not so much. Beautiful audio-visuals aside, the core gameplay is really boring and at times frustrating because,(a) the bug moves really slowly, and(b) the boundaries of the playable area and paths to take are often not clearly visible.All in all, expect some 1.5 - 3 hrs of playtime, with no replay value. Overall, OK, but ""Would not morph into a cricket again,"" to use the lame review trope."
,Recommended,314020,17039546,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tallulah,"A collection game. Reminds me of what I used to play as a kid in the 90s where you just get given things to look for and they are hidden in places, sometimes in plain sight, and sometimes there is a puzzle you have to figure out to get one of the items.Enjoyable, though absolutely no replay value and not very challenging; you'll find yourself alt-tabbing and leaving it alone just to rack up enough play time to get the cards after you've completed it.At £3.99 it's a rip off and the creators should be ashamed of themselves, but for something picked up on the summer sales for 10p it is good."
,Not Recommended,314020,17012869,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Goat Master,"Not really worth the full price. Get it cheap, it might be worth your time, but that is a very short time. A good portion of the time I spent in this game, I was distracted texting my girlfriend. It's kinda like a really pretty game of I Spy, but it's really over very quickly, and some of the features aren't very intuitive. For instance, to solve one puzzle you have to collect several of what I assume to be little pebbles of food. To find them,you have to move your insect to little pods on the branch, and click on your insect to make the green particle thing happen. Either that, or you click (and drag, maybe) on the pods to open them.Here's the thing that really disappointed me at the end of the game: I found out there was card drops. I have no motivation to play the game to actually collect them! I got one, but I don't even want to play the game again to get the other two, because it's done, there's no more adventure, and I'm just not interested. If you get the game on sale and cheap, fine, play it, enjoy the visuals and music, it's nice. However, other than that it's just not worth it."
76561198017488207,Recommended,314020,17015980,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Yoyoma1910,"A brief beautiful window into... puzzles.Insect and plant puzzles.Put on those birkenstocks and break out your rainsticks....The controls are a bit basic and occasionally awkward, and sometimes in the puzzles you might stare at it a say, OK, what am I supposed to do here, as there aren't any direction given, But then again, it is a puzzle, right?  If you play around, you'll likely figure out what's going on a fter a couple minutes.  Or, ya know, GTS.It will probably give most people around 2 hours of gameplay.All in all a relaxing little fun game, with wonderfully done art."
,Not Recommended,314020,17016513,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ShockwaveNN,"The game looks beautiful and gameplay simple but very relaxing.But two things grind my gears:1. CONTROL IS AWFUL. It's worst control scheme on desktop game ever. It expect touch screen input, but I use mouse. It very slow movement and a lot of wrong input.2. Last puzzle. Whole game was pretty easy and slow-paced. But not last puzzle. No-no. My brain melted trying to solve it. There a lot guides for this puzzle, but poor visual design make it worse - there is a lot of colors that man can recognize, but game develop choose 5 color, two pairs of which are Green and Light Green, and Yellow and Greenish Yellow. No black, no white, no whatsovere.I liked this game, but in same time it burn a lot of my nerves."
,Recommended,314020,17021253,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DiegoInDiego,"i do recommend this, but just as a visual y sound experience.it´s very short, i spent like 1:20 h but most of time was just going from screen to screen (the bugs are really slow).like a game is awful :(visual and sound are amazing :3"
,Not Recommended,314020,17021644,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Orlendis,"Easy to get 100% achievements and trading cards. Nice atmospehere. A couple of the puzzles are VERY annoying, but with online help it isn't too bad. It took me 1 hour and 50 minutes to get 100% everything. So if you're looking for a game with replay value, don't waste your money. If you're looking to just get some easy stat boosts, then buy this when it's cheap. It's certainly NOT worth the $5."
76561198031875543,Recommended,314020,17335234,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Poliban,"There's nothing like this, love the art style"
76561198082147294,Recommended,314020,17342203,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Proxy-senpai,"A really short Hidden Object game yet quite unique.Pros:- Unique art style- Interesting puzzles.Cons:- Too short, in fact, you may finish and gett all of the achievements before getting the cards- The game rarely gives you an insight of what you can do- No story, just levels and not even an acknowlegement for finishing the game- No replayability- Having to wait for the insect to walk all the way across the stage to change screens is annoying- The soundtrack is a little repetitive.I liked it, but wouldn't pay too much for it. There may be a lot of cons, but they don't ruin the experience.6,5"
76561198036732153,Recommended,314020,17253663,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Proxy,Basically a Bug and plant Puzzle game
,Not Recommended,314020,17277012,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,KathWeis95,Slow and repetitive
76561198010761598,Recommended,314020,17220446,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,deerstop,"The glitch at lvl 4 kind of ruined the game for me, but I liked it anyway."
76561198184056370,Recommended,314020,17223357,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[Faded]RockAlex™,This is a very intresting little game in which you play as bugs in your enviroment.Its pretty fun and it also has some small puzzles.Also the background and all the graphics in the game are really good.Very relaxing and fun!
,Not Recommended,314020,17367196,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,° MakaroneN,40/100
,Not Recommended,314020,17376329,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ryan4585,This is one of thouse find the object in the picture things with like 5 puzzles shoved in there. The story is not in the least inspiring and the movement speed of your character pisses me off.no-What puzzle?-This game has no challenge-It takes 3 hours to finish because the character really moves that slow!yes-IT HAS CARDS!-The ahivments are to compleate the game(3 hours) and theres another perfect game for your profile.
,Recommended,314020,17448814,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Landon's Döner Van,"Short and sweet hidden object game where you get to be a set of cool insects. Art style is fantastic, and some of the puzzles are very nicely done, although there was one where it took me forever to figure out how to interact with it! Well worth the price IMO"
,Recommended,314020,17449838,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,PerksHunter,"Thought it was gonna be a cute hidden object/ive game, was plesantly surprised by the bizzare aspects of it. The objectives and puzzles are pretty straight forward, only two parts weren't as clear as they should be instruction-wise. and by that I mean the pollen exchange nodes (there aren't any cues to jump over and that you can jump around the edges too) and the stick bug bridge (his cammoflage was too good lol).Would definitely play a longer version :DAlso, amazing soundtrack!!"
,Recommended,314020,17823722,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dinan18,A nice game for time killer! the art is good! 8.5/10
,Recommended,314020,17624174,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,KipofMudd,Simple and pretty. Only problem is not being able to pick up items you know you'll need for future bugs before you talk to them. But that doesn't really affect anything except adding a little bit more playtime.
,Recommended,314020,17737939,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,friendpatine,"Art is gorgeous and the concept is great. Though it is kind of disturbing that your insect burrows into another dead/almost dead insect and starts controlling them. Made me think of some Las Plagas shiz.The puzzles can be a bit frustrating and the insect you control moves really really slowly, but I'd still recommend it for the beautiful music + art.Buy it when it's on sale tho."
,Recommended,314020,17748673,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Minzoku Bokumetsu,"So Morphopolis is like if Myst were a hidden object game about bugs. Also, short. While it's refreshing being able to discover the puzzles vs. having them explained to death before even getting to them, I do find the controls a bit strange, as though this was designed for mobile (maybe it is, I didn't check); after the second stage, everything starts to look like fetch quest items (they are); and I found the ""repair the plant"" puzzle slightly annoying because it's unclear how to solve even when you know what to do... plus, it emphasizes the weirdness of your quest to basically resurrect dead things.Still, it's very pretty (if you like bugs), and if you got it super cheap like I did, it's worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,314020,17639692,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,WTFitsPauL,A Bug's Life!  A gorgeous but short game. Is it worth it? Get it on sale.
,Not Recommended,314020,18481160,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Birdd,"The camera controls are bad, like really badLike clicking on the item you need to pickup but transitioning to the panel you just came from instead for 15 minutes bad"
,Not Recommended,314020,18480821,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,NAISU nutty frags,"scavenger hunt eyecandy at the cost of cooking your CPU+Cool concept.+Unique artwork.+supports 1080p resolution+easy achievements-Somewhat frustrating puzzles.-puzzles lack hints-non intuitive controls-terrible map design, pathing and movement-my stock core i7 4790k runs at 32 idle and this brings it to 50.Makes no sense considering that's the temp i run CSGO 600 fps at.-Does not have built-in graphic options or a graphics menu.-no built in volume control menu.-Vsync enabled and cannot be disabled.bottom line:just to play it once is irritating.hardly a game, inexcusably bad controls and limited movment options make this game a very frustrating point and click to move scavenger hunt."
,Recommended,314020,18455093,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,hendrikk1,Great art and sound even it's a short game.
76561197999050704,Not Recommended,314020,18509710,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mursapel,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. On the one hand, it's very pretty, and the puzzles and scavenger hunts are mostly fun and clever, which is usually all I ask for in a game like this. The setting is gorgeously done and sucks you in right away. When I first started playing, I was thrilled with this game; my only complaint for the first three levels would have been that the puzzles were too easy, and that's highly forgivable in a game meant to attract players of all ranges in age and skill. On the other, the inability to either back out of a puzzle once it was initiated (short of forcing the game to minimize/quit) or save midlevel meant every new puzzle involved a level of commitment and occasional stress I really wasn't looking for in a casual point-and-click. Since the only two puzzles I had real trouble with were at the end of their levels, I had to redo those entire levels just to get at the puzzles again, which was kind of aggravating since this is the kind of game that's only fun when you don't already know the answers.Despite the extreme minimalism in terms of storytelling, I was also intrigued by the narrative, and disappointed when there was no real closure to the story. The last level ended about like any other. Did my weird glowy bug spirit make it to where they were going? What was the ultimate point of this strange and arduous journey? I'm not saying I want concrete answers, but some kind of closure would have been nice. It's similar to the problem I had with Lilly Looking Through, which played like the demo to a game I'd love to play in full.I wish Steam reviews didn't require you to say whether you recommend or don't recommend a game, because there's enough good in here that I'd like to recommend it but enough bad that I'd have heavy caveats. I picked Morphopolis up for ten cents during a Steam sale. For ten cents, if you like puzzles and scavenger hunts, it's pretty good. For the current price, I'm going to not recommend it. Maybe keep an eye on the folks who made Morphopolis to see what they do next, instead of getting too excited about Morphopolis itself."
,Recommended,314020,18509833,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,GHoST,"Beautiful eye candy point-and-click puzzle game. Shame it's not longer, but definately worth the sale price.The gameplay consists of object hunting and simple puzzles - good for kids, and adults in need of a bit of relaxing stress-free playable art therapy."
76561198118194432,Not Recommended,314020,18528652,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,noyanozlu,Good art and nice music. But that is all of it. And it just ends with nothing.
,Recommended,314020,18515498,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ROAIME,This game by far has the coolest art style I've ever played. I extremly recomend it.
,Recommended,314020,18351363,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CassU,Thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,314020,18392488,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kordy,Nightmare for colorblind people
,Not Recommended,314020,18355552,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Alex,A dull game about clikcing on random things to do mediocre puzzles.  The entire game seems like its padding.  I want my 19 cents back.
,Recommended,314020,18437520,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,cris ♋   -nsr,"Its not a game to buy in the total price. It's a game to grab on sales, that's the only way to be worth cause its too short.I'll recomment this just for kids or nature lovers cause it's a slow slow game, but full of nature artwork and bugs."
,Not Recommended,314020,18364802,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,big orange gourd,"Looks nice, but boring and clunky. There isn't really any motivation to complete anything and the puzzles are not all that challenging. A third of the game is you holding mouse 1 and watching a bug for five minutes crawl on a stick back to another section of a stage. If it is on sale get it, but not a $5.00 game."
76561198063812142,Recommended,314020,18654247,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,damdam100 :^),"this a a very relaxing and short game. I personally really enjoyed it.exept for that one final puzzle. really, ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥ing puzzle. like half of the time I spent on this game is in that final puzzle.but ignoring That One Puzzle, it is a cheap and very enjoyable game. if you have the money I recommend you buy it."
,Not Recommended,314020,18667498,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Frozen Fireball,"Positives:-The music is very relaxing.-The art is pretty.-Some of the puzzles are pretty fun, and you feel pretty smart for having solved them.-Nice if you like ""find the hidden object""-type games.Negatives:-The controls for moving are crap.  Half the time you won't even realize you can go somewhere until you accidentally hold the mouse in the wrong area.  Other times, your bug keeps moving back and forth in the same spot as you try to find the place that'll make it go not just right, but right and downwards.  Sometimes you'll try clicking an object and end up moving your bug back over to the other screen for no apparent reason, even though you weren't clicking in that direction.-On a similar note, you are SLOW.  Slow, slow, slow, slow, SLOW.  Which wouldn't be SO bad, but since you're constantly moving back and forth between screens (using the same crummy controls) to find stuff you missed, it's just unbearable.  I feel like the game would have been at least a half an hour shorter if I could change screens faster.-So much random clicking to figure out what's important.  See, you don't actually find out what you need to collect until you click on something, like another bug, or a plant.  Sorta like they're giving you a quest.  Usually it's easy enough to figure out what needs clicking, but other times, you have no freaking idea how you're supposed to progress without taking a hint.-By level three, you'll start to recognize that the weird orange orbs are gonna need collecting before you can burrow into your next target's brain.  But no, you can't grab anything you know you're gonna need until after the 'quest' is given to you, forcing you to slowly, SLOWLY backtrack through all of the screens to grab them.  I don't mean to sound impatient, but God.  Crawl across the screen a little faster, bug.  Come on!  Hustle, hustle!-No idea where the ""pathways"" to the next screen are.  Have fun crawling (SLOWLY) across the screen, only to realize it's a dead end.  Then crawl (SLOWLY) back, not sure whether there's another screen, or if you're just bad at finding items.-Did I mention that you're slow?  Because you're slow.  SO FREAKING SLOW.-A couple puzzles are really annoying for the wrong reasons.  For example, the flower puzzle gives you no indication of the controls.  I spent ages clicking around and hoping something would happen, but nope!  It's actually a Chinese Checkers-style puzzle where you have to try and get all but one of the seed thingies to disappear, but without a walkthrough, I never would have figured out the rules and controls.  Figuring out what the freaking puzzle is isn't a puzzle.-No mid-level saves.  Levels aren't usually that long, but if you get stuck on something and call it quits for the night, have fun slowly, slowly, SLOWLY crawling across the screen several more times to complete the initial collection quests again.  SLOWLY.-I don't know if I just accidentally skipped it, or what (in which case it shouldn't be so easy to accidentally skip, because I'm not gonna freaking replay that last puzzle just to see it) but I went into the place I was supposed to go, and... That was it.  The game just ended.  I got an achievement, and then I was back at the menu.  Ghosts 'n' Goblins had a better ending than that!Summary:If you can get it on sale and really, REALLY like hidden object games, it might be worth it, but there are plenty of free games on the internet that aren't so, well, SLOW.  Seriously, I'm not kidding, it's really gonna get on your nerves.  Don't even think about paying the full five dollars for this.  I mean, I appreciate the effort the developers put into it, and everything, but this isn't worth two dollars and fifty cents per hour."
76561198061462280,Not Recommended,314020,18632449,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Harvey,"Game won't last you more than 2 hours. It has Steam cards though, so it might be worth picking up on sale."
76561198106933971,Not Recommended,314020,18734207,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Fat Goy Slim,"Not all that good, worth it if I paid under £0.20 for it but not full price"
,Not Recommended,314020,18804249,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,JPicasso,"This is not a game.  This is an exercise of click what I tell you, when I tell you.  so sad.  The graphics are very nice, the music is pleasant.  If they made this more of a click what you want, watch the wonderful things happen, it would have been at least entertaining at some level.  But that's not how it works.  You click WHAT they say, WHEN they say it.  Ugh.Also, the ""tips"" are either completly missing, or won't go away once it's tipped you off to what it wants you to do.  Un-nice.Maybe this is pleasant played on a tablet?"
,Recommended,314020,18811551,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Elf Lord 69,"Great artwork and fun puzzles. Waiting for your bug to move to different locations got really tiring, and the last level at the end just brings you back to the main menu, the ending feels unfinished. Would recommend buying on sale, I think I only payed 20 cents or so."
76561198014043371,Recommended,314020,18566650,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ninka the Strawberry Vampire,"I know there are some parts of the game as others have pointed out that are a bit annoying, but when I started they didn't bother me that much as the beautiful art and music kept me captivated for the short duration of the game."
,Recommended,314020,21732061,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,blueneuron,"short and  simple but relaxing, delightful and a bit artistic"
76561198162204620,Recommended,314020,21704423,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,LeMinhLam,"Hidden object games with puzzles,but it worth to play due nice graphic stylization,soundtrack and smooth gameplay. Gameplay is very relaxed and every screen is original and full of life."
,Recommended,314020,21886927,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Schareazar,"7/10It is a very good, soothing experience to chill after playing competitive games.Well drawn graphics, fitting music and easy to 100% if you want achievements.Had fun, would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,314020,22039195,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TEA,Short and sweet with charming visuals and a simple but relaxing soundtrack. Scratches that puzzle solving itch well since there are no hints to help you cheat. Controls however are unresponsive at times which can get frustrating.
,Recommended,314020,22078829,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AmyDeerie,"Overall, do I recommend this game? Yes, I would just say wait till its on special though. I did enjoy my time with it. It was fairly easy, a god little time killer without being too full on. Just click and point to make your bug move, and collect the objects. Every now and then you'll have to do a puzzel (jump the seeds, make a puzzle, etc)The graphics are cute and the music is nice. However, the music gets really reptitive fast. I also did not finish - I gave up on level 5 with the bug body spinning thing. But, the controls were ""buggy"" (lol) and my little bug often got stuck (worst bits were level 4 with the branch in front of the bug guarding the hole, and level 5 going either up the wall or down into the cave)."
,Recommended,314020,16928053,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sigrif Joestar,"Do you like insects? Do you like to got them? And you do not mind to sit and wait for the card for another hour or two after a variety of activities with the beetles?Welcome to Morfopolis!Unfortunately, the game does not live up to expectations. After seeing pictures from the store pages, I decided that this is an addiction, bestiality and such a colorful image of the world. But it's just a fascinating puzzle that will help you while away the hour.It is recommended to purchase!"
,Recommended,314020,21966157,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Vertigo,"What a beautiful little pearl it is <3Lovely artwork, nice music. At level 2 i already became a little sad, sad it would soon end :pThank you !"
,Recommended,314020,22105050,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Green Tea Dragon,"In Morphopolis, you never really know what exactly you're looking for or where to find it. But it's a pretty (and short) little puzzle game that will make you look around and explore the jungly bug-land that it's set in. You should be armed with patience, a clever mind, a pair of glasses and a younger sibling/kid to help you out, just in case. (If you have none of those, a cat, an owl or a toad would work, too, I guess.)I'd say it's worth the 99 cents you'd pay for it (or definitely worth the 33 cents, if you got it on sale). But that's just my opinion."
,Recommended,314020,21956049,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,"Actually game has good graphics and those mind games are cool. However, only 5 level ? Are you kidding me thats not enough! This is also a problem for trading cards because even you finish the game, 3 cards cannot be dropped immediately. Of course you will be achieved all achievements so I dont know how to get them. I guess I will open the game at night until morning it will record as I played :D+ Good graphics+ Enjoyful game-  Need more leves"
,Not Recommended,314020,21958379,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,NullSaint,"A maddening ""game"".  They most feedbackyou get is a grating and irritating ""dong"" when you try to do the wrong the thing. But there is no guide as to what you are supposed to do. Your avatar moves to slowly that you will have to fight the urge to fling your monitor across the room. Additionally, it will often decide to move entirely of it's own--you'll click on the image at the bottom of the screen and the game interprets this to mean that you wanted to move your bug to the top--and then locks all control while it sloooooooooooowly transitions to the screen above before you can click (IN THE SAME SPOT!!!) and then wait for it to sloooooooooooowly transition back down again.When I reached a point that nothing I clicked on worked, and the in-game hint button also ""dong""-ed at me, I decided I had enough. Save your money."
,Recommended,314020,21945229,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mistabullit,Very beautiful Bedtime story esque game. Worth playing to relax and the puzzles are an added bonus in what should set the benchmark for discovery and games with a low text requirement.
,Recommended,314020,21917988,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,P90.Caesar,"It is simply not recommended to most people, but it's not that bad not to be recommended. Why ? If you're not into adventure games, this is not for you. If you are not into point and click, this is not for you. However, if you like beautiful painted pictures, watching small bugs interact, etc then give it a shot. But be mindful, it has no instructions whatsoever, nor it has a hint system - for me, it didn't work. you can either try to think your actions, or simply click like nuts around the screen .It has trading cards, that go at around 0.08 /piece, maybe more, and it has easy achievements, that may be a plus point for someNot recommended for 1 USD. I got it for around 30 cents, which I guess it is ok."
76561198123939930,Recommended,314020,21916392,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Omnirose,"After finishing the game, I was rather neutral on the whole experience. Several aspects were done very well, but unfortunately just as many aspects were poorly executed.ProsGreat art, always a wonder to look at.High variety in puzzles.Unique and clever game design.Cheap, and even on sale often!Perfect for your biology gooroo/lover.Puzzle lovers will have a blast with this game.Sticks to its format and its formulated basics down to a perfection.ConsNo explanation on how controls work outside a brief cursor swipe or two.Music is, albeit well made, annoying and repetitive after hearing the same instruments used repeadetly.Certain puzzles can become infurriating difficult while others are extremely simple, losing any feel of progressive difficulty.Some sound effects are loud and annoying, especially the fluttering bugs at the last levelThis may be done on purpose, though it is still a conThe game turned black once I beat the last level and got the achievment, making the ending anti-climatic (I'm not sure if this was a glitch or not...?)Movement is really slow and tedious, and moving from environment-to-environment is forced, so one mistake and you'll be stuck watching your bug move to an undesired location.Neutral/extrasThe game was short (1.2 hours at the most for me). Means you won't take much time to finish this (this may be a pro or con depending on the person)Scientific names for each level achievement! Cool!No story involved here, just a play and watch game.Has card drops for trading cards! (More games need these...)A little difficult to reccomend to many people with the varies of biological and puzzle elements mixed together.VerdictSince the game is hard to recommend and has some bugs and issues here and there, but gets the basics down very well, I'd say this is a mixed rating. If puzzle games and wildlife peak your interest, then go for it, else you won't be missing much if you skip this game.Rating: 6/10, slightly above average."
,Not Recommended,314020,21877742,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Hemlock Tea,"The gorgeous artwork and breathtaking color palette are the only reasons to play this game. I'd add the soothing music, but that gets repetitive after a while. There is next to no guidance from the game on what to do, which would be fine if gameplay were at all intuitive, which it definitely isn't. There's not even any help on using the menu system; I found out the hard way that clicking the menu icon would lose me all progress on the level, with no warning at all. The puzzles aren't very well designed, and although it's touch screen compatible, the touch screen function doesn't work that well, sometimes taking several tries to get it to respond, so I ended up just using my mouse. I'd stay away from this unless you are really into the eye candy aspect."
76561198157075270,Recommended,314020,30734033,Posted: 25 March,all,AvocadoSquid,Great game!Wonderful puzzles with a lot of thought put behind them. The music is calming yet catchy and fits each new puzzle perfectly. (I must admit I sometimes just put on the game so I can listen to the music) 10/10 would recommend for insect loving puzzle friends :-)
76561198067322786,Recommended,314020,22291268,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Maegaranthelas,"A wonderful yet short puzzle game. Only took me an hour, but it was a lovely hour indeed."
,Recommended,314020,21936922,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Pirran,"While this game is very short (I completed it in under two hours without any guides or walkthroughs), it has a gorgeous sense of style and the puzzles are fun and intuitive. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys relaxing games and studying beautifully rendered backdrops, animals and insects. I'd love to play more of this game if any more content is released in the future, though it's also a game that can be replayed several times for casual gaming."
76561198122887413,Recommended,314020,22301063,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Jive Plunket,"The art stlye is so beautiful, I could look at this game forever. The gameplay is a point and click search and find sort of deal, which I think for the length doesn't have enough time to get too boring or annoying. It's about 1.5-2 hours long, not much of a story or anything. If you're buying this game, it's probably for the art. Still enjoyed it though!"
,Recommended,314020,22815264,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Riley The Direwolf,I love this game. Sort of puzzly (or im just dumb) and relaxing. Bad day at work? Bright colours to boost the mood. Next on my to do list is play this while high
,Recommended,314020,22930674,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TrainRain,"Not a particularly fun game, but it has clever puzzles and stunning visual art. It has a ""Where's Wally"" feel to it, only with insects, plants and pollen instead. For the games asking price it's worth a look. The games main problem is the incredibly slow gameplay which can be very frustrasting while collecting things, as you need to go back and forth all the time. When it comes to this aspect, pollen is your enemy. I am pretty sure the developer of this game has pollen allergy.+ Visually stunning+ Relaxing, much due to the music+ Easy 100% achievements- Very slow gameplay- The gameplay is sometimes a bit unresponsive- Brutal last puzzle"
,Recommended,314020,19576452,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Aikeko,"Pretty. Very short. Has puzzles and bugs.What I got from this is that you're a pregnant slow bug that needs to lay eggs into some dead insect. Probably not what this really is, that would be pretty creepy. You slooowly move around and find hidden objects on the screen to interact with other bugs and plants, and unlock puzzles. No tips in this game, no tricks and no tutorials. Have a bug, figure out the rest.Get this if you like pretty things, because as an art book this is great. Fails a bit as a game though, better off as an experience."
76561198120528226,Not Recommended,314020,19675323,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Pamela Lillian Isley,"Disclaimer: Review written by an impatient person!What the hell am I supposed to do???!!!Sorry but it do not think it is relaxing or nice or whatever to click on a caterpillar forever and nothing happens and there is no clue on what I am supposed to do (or let´s say following the ""clues"" does nothing). I have played point and click games before, I´ve played a lot of puzzle games before. I liked Machinarium but I have no clue how this compares to that game here.Probably nice backgrounds but honestly I have to agree to the person suggesting you could rather look at pretty pictures on google than ""playing"" this ""game""."
,Recommended,314020,19982748,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TR1CH89,"8/10 objective ratingPROS:- Visually rich- Puzzles are varied enough- Soundtrack is pleasant to listen to- Sound design is solid- PriceCONS:- A little short (can be completed in 2-3 hours)- May take the entire first level to understand how this game wants to be played (there are no word prompts so some may find it difficult to understand what is being asked of them)- Some may find the pacing slow---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Morphopolis isn't the most challenging game I've played, nor is it the most interesting ""story"" wise, but I really enjoyed the art style and the overall feel. The music playing throughout was excellent and very pleasant to listen to. It varies with each level but sounds like one cohesive series.It IS a slow paced game, with 5 levels taking about 2 hours, but I still liked this, as it allowed me to really soak in the artistry and look a everything in detail. That being said, there were times I was sighing at the slowness of the insect I was controlling when I went up a plant for the 4th time. You will have to crawl back and forth between areas often.There isn't a proper tutorial and without word prompting, it was initially difficult to understand what the game wanted me to do. There was also no indication of what my insect character's ""powers"" were so I got stuck a few times and wasted time going between spots looking for things that I could not see without using said ""powers"" I discovered these abilities entirely by accident. Note that this could just be my fault and not the game's. This was my first game of this genre since the 90's and maybe I just required a little more hand-holding than most for the beginning.Adjust expectations before starting this game and I think anyone who likes puzzle games will thoroughly enjoy Morphopolis. If you expect action and puzzles that really get you scratching your head for 30 minutes each, you will likely be disappointed!Would have loved 10 levels instead of 5 so I could spend a little more time in this world, but for a quarter (yes, just 25 cents!) I definitely got my money's worth!"
76561198019095474,Recommended,314020,19891224,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Capretta,"Pretty cool artstyle, some ok puzzles, if you can live with the horrible charactor path finding/movement you will have a nice time. Very chilled game consisting mostly of ''find an object'' to play with the kids."
,Recommended,314020,20043066,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bhcalcutta,"I bought this during the winter sale, for the princely sum of £0.19, so I wasn't really expecting much.The artistry is beautiful, and whilst the puzzles aren't particularly challenging, the lack of instruction can leave you scratching your head for a few minutes. There is a hint button if you get really stuckA short game, which a seasoned puzzler would complete in less than an hour. The downside of this is Steams current 2 hour refund policy, if you collect trading cards, you have to play beyond the cut off point before the cards start dropping85/100"
76561198020756311,Recommended,314020,19902520,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SiLveR,A view from different insect's perspectives and some interesting puzzle games!
,Recommended,314020,19849680,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Filip,"Short and good. I played with a video projector, so my whole wall felt like a huge interactive painting."
,Recommended,314020,19852205,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cernunnos,"-Already worth to get just for the atmosphere, music and art (obviously, if these are not important to you, then the major attraction here is lost on you)- Some will mention the lack of a story as a negative, but I feel it is part of the artistic aesthetic here. If there was explanatory text, it would pull you right out of mentioned atmosphere...And any intelligent human should understand what this is about while playing anyway.- Unfortunately, the controls get weird a few times, making it slower to progress by mere fact of your insect not going where you want it to.- Perhaps it could be a little longer.- Maybe it's just me, but the difficulty curve was strange, the game is very easy throughout, and then bamm, the last puzzle is quite time-consuming measured to all others before."
,Recommended,314020,19990280,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hoe Malone,Peaceful background music and beautiful artwork making you feel relax while completing the objectives of the game. Gameplay is short and slow paced but I like it and would want to play more if there's any.I still hate bugs.
,Recommended,314020,19992313,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sleepwalking -M-,เป็นเกมส์ที่สุนกมาก เล่นเพลิดดี  ผมให้ 7.5/10
76561198063483477,Recommended,314020,20061296,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skanderbeg,"Morphopolis is an atmospheric game where you partially control an insect in an environment, collecting specific items by clicking on them, somewhat reminiscient of those old I Spy games. I certainly had a bit of a nostalgia hard-on while playing this game, full disclaimer on that one.I'd certainly say Morphopolis is quite therapeutic (unless you hate bugs), it has calming music, a vibrant environment that somehow feels huge, empty, and filled to the brim at the same time through its artistic use of the whole bug-world. There are plenty of times where you'll feel like the game is moving way too slow, and you will be stumped heavily on a puzzle or two here and there, perhaps to a point of rage, but in the end it makes you feel more accomplished. There even is a noticable progression between levels which gives you an air on familiarity in a new, strange environment.In the end, the game doesn't take too long to beat. But the apprehension and depiction of the whole game makes it feel longer, it gives you a feeling of being accomplished and completed. It's not a wonderful, 10/10 game, but for someone who's willing to take the time and mild frustration to complete the game, it can be a nice gaming/art experience.Is ok."
,Recommended,314020,20064697,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,islami salami,"This game is odd, but in a good way.I can't tell what it's trying to be; whether it's a child's game, with dark, underlying themes, or whether it's an adventure into a mystical world just below normal human perception. But whatever it is, it's incredible. The puzzles were mostly easy (with the exception of the trickier final puzzle) and the gameplay was point and click, which searching aspects. But this, for me, was less of a game, and more of an experience. The art was absolutely awesome, and gave the world a unique and intriguing twist I haven't seen in a story game before.Should you buy it? That depends. If you're the kind of person who sits down for five minutes, leaves, and comes back, don't buy this. But if you like to take your time, and involve yourself in a game, this story without words would appeal to you like no other.The soundtrack made me just sit down and listen to the music, while the screen displayed just a menu, for about five minutes before starting the game. Each environment gave me a new sense of accomplishment, and I just look back on it and smile. That is, until I play it again.It is a short game, but it will change you."
76561198037284947,Recommended,314020,20123418,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,eiriee,The most beautiful game I've ever played about being an insect crawling inside the bodies of other insects to explore a colourful world.
,Not Recommended,314020,20118526,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,「R-dJ」ΦωΦ,"While the game art is indeed really beautiful, I sadly can't say the same thing for the gameplay.Character movement is painfully slow. I understand that it's supposed to be a relaxing game, but come on.The ""hold-click this part of the screen to make your bug move to a general direction of where you're clicking at"" PnC system is really awkward to do, causing the bug to sometimes end up dancing back and forth, confused of where it should go.The roots/pipes puzzle made almost no sense, while the other puzzles on the other hand are pretty okay. The flower draughts could use a bit of an in-game hint because NOT EVERYONE HAS PLAYED DRAUGHTS BEFORE.Some hidden objects are ""too well-hidden"", rendering looking for one without a hint is almost impossible. But that was probably just me.The ""story"" itself. What is this game about? An insect version of the body snatcher?Still, despite all the gripes on the gameplay, it was indeed an eye-pleasing experience. I'm glad it was also very cheap."
,Recommended,314020,20252864,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jelmer,"For the money it's a nice game to keep you busy for a few hours. The game is very soothing and has a great artstyle and relaxing music. The puzzles are quite simple, except for the last one: that one was really a living hell for me. But still a great game, especially for the low price."
,Recommended,314020,20213224,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blanch,"good one,for casual player"
,Recommended,314020,20254106,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Molkwerum,"Morphopolis has a great art style, I bought this game for 0,25 cents during the Steam Winter Sale and I must say that it was more enjoyable then I expected. It is an hidden item game with some puzzles."
,Recommended,314020,20519051,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Airadium,"If you love 'Find Hidden Objects' game, you will love this game.Pro : BeautifulCons : Object animation is slow, sluggish. To move the insect from one place to another take a lot of patient"
,Not Recommended,314020,20516834,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ForceReaper,"Literly most ♥♥♥♥ing boring game ever.Pros- Its a game, its cheap, you can watch a intense, look away and you miss it movie, and play this game at the same time and it would make a good screen saverCons- You cant eat and play it, have any fun wat so ever, and it incorages suicide just by existing. I would pay money to stop people from buying this."
76561198151393809,Recommended,314020,20703856,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,CutiePie,Great little game! :)
,Recommended,314020,20966043,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Unity,"If you like Machinarium or Tiny Bang Story, this game is for you. Kinda similar to these two, but images are very beautiful and different, music is also cute. At first I thought this game is to easy for me, but then I found some places, where I had to think a bit more.Anyway, game has cards, cost is pretty small, achievements are not very hard to get, so why not dive in this beautiful small world of flowers and weird bugs.Would buy again."
,Recommended,314020,21032612,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[PFB] DagenDaDragon,"Morphopolis, a beautiful hidden object game.ProsThe artwork is stunning, as an art piece, this game achieves everything I would want.The hidden objects are for the most part, fairly easy to indentify. allowing you to take in the artworkThe music slides into the background easily.ConsThe controls are rough. They work perfectly fine, but many times I found them rather counter-intuitive.You move painfully slow, and for many of the levels, you need to do a bit of backtracking to find objects previously obscured. Combined, this leads to a very relaxed, and on occasion too relaxed travel time.Overall, I loved it.I would definitely recommend it, especially if you enjoy the hidden object genre.However, if this is going to be your first forey into this style of game, put it on your wishlist, play some of the many more polished, and/or free games that are around. And come back to this one later."
,Recommended,314020,20940453,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DEMONiZER™,"The game has very nice, psychedelic-esque graphics and the puzzles are of mildly difficultly. But on the down side the game-play is a bit boring - the insect (your character) moves really, really slow. So, to enjoy the game to it's fullest, I'd recommend getting high. ^^"
76561198014270987,Recommended,314020,21063433,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fern,"This is the kind of game that need a ""~"" option. It has good and bad points.Good :- smooth music- awesome art- interesting ""evolution""Bad :- Awful control.- No explanation at all. (Those little hand shape pointers don't help)- Slow movement with a lot of back and forth, not really a good idea.And the game is short. I didn't get all the cards because I finish it too fast...It's not a bad game, but for something with such beautiful art it was kind of dull."
,Recommended,314020,21160682,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[OvO]wl,"This is more of a piece of interactive artwork than a game. I got stuck on Level 2. I wasn't clear at all what I had to do.Visually though, the game is stunning."
76561198063136305,Recommended,314020,21208580,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Paprion,"Fun, simple game. Totally worth the price, and some nice puzzles. Altough I had some troubles advancing, such as the ""?"" button not revealing every single thing do. Got stuck a couple times, but it was very entertaining. I just didn't like how the bug was so slow to walk through the scenarios.Actually, I hate bugs. brrrrrrrrrr."
,Not Recommended,314020,20268502,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ShekelGnome,Pretty drawings and colours. thats it.  11/9 -IGN
,Not Recommended,314020,20265345,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ariako,"One of the most terrible ""games"" I've ever seen.  It's almost worse than Bad Rats."
,Not Recommended,314020,20320029,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ivan Zoh,"I'd have to describe this as ""a pretty poor game"". That is to say, ""it's pretty"", and ""it's a poor game"". I picked it up dirt cheap because my never-plays-computer-games girlfriend (and I) enjoyed Machinariam and The Tiny Bang Story, the advertised equivalents, but aside from the nice art style there was no comparison. She lost interest in under ten minutes, and I only persevered because I didn't want to waste my 20 cents...It's nice-looking, searching out the grubs and beetles to collect is about as entertaining as finding the goals in any other such game, and the occasional puzzles you unlock are adequate (though few), but the pointless requirement to click-and-hold on invisible paths to compel the insect to transition between screens was surely intended to draw out a game that could otherwise be finished in half the time. Naturally, you have to page back-and-forth to trigger new requests to satisfy, but making me wait doing nothing with the mouse button pressed was an annoyance. It didn't help that on my ageing PC the game often ran like a three-legged dog with terminal asthma; I finished it in 2 hours, but it could have been 30 minutes.This is five levels of hide-and-seek that offers no reward for the ultimate completion: beat the last puzzle, it just goes back to the level-selection screen and that's it. Literally no indicator that you've finished the game, other than the absence of a Number 6 to click on. Not even a pretty picture, and given that the art is this thing's only selling point that just seems lazy. It feels like something that was made by a team who watched games being played without ever playing one themselves. Nice art is not enough, not nearly."
,Recommended,314020,20606627,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SimonTNG,"What can I say about the game ? This game is about a caterpillar and it tries to survive and solve puzzles . The game makes you wonder about insects ! After all, they too are living beings ! A funny game !"
,Not Recommended,314020,20387084,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ramsay,"Is it fun? ... Maybe?The music is alright, the art is ok... but as a game it doesn't perform very well.Clunky controls, annoying point and click requires you to ""figure out"" where to go next, puzzles are too cryptic at times.Worth to buy for cards if its on sale, other than that, pass."
76561198030707783,Recommended,314020,20387202,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Flaming Badger,"Play as an insect, find objects hidden in the lovely artwork to give to other insects so you can find more objects. Broken up with some fairly traditional puzzles. Gameplay is slow, simple and repetitive, which  is good if you just want to relax and enjoy the art, less so if you're looking for constant stimulation.UI is minimilistic, with no text and only the vaguest of instruction. Some of the objects and puzzles can be a little hard to find or complete. There is a timer based hint system for the objects, but no such luck for the puzzles.Should take an hour and a half to two hours to complete as long as you don't get completely stuck on any of the puzzles and/or you're colourblind."
,Recommended,314020,20407971,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,22RII the super disguised Fluffy,"Short but good gameplay.The overall art looks lovely colorful and well good looking, the movement was a bit laggy and crappy and slow that makes me hurt my brain but not a big deal. I really like the calm and relaxing music, great for people who needs some mind-clear up. The puzzles was a bit between easy and hard but quite nice and not so complicated, even if there's no instruction for that, takes time to figured it out how that works. At the end, it's cheap and it's nice to play it so... go get it if you need some fun. 4/5!"
,Recommended,314020,20412198,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,maalorn,"A very beautiful and calming game. While the puzzles aren't really all that challenging, and the movement speed is damn near glacial, the biggest let down is the ending. There is none. You simply finish. Overall though, it's a nice little bit of time eating art for the price."
76561198047013465,Not Recommended,314020,20598211,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kurzarian,"This game is pretty, but it makes no flippin' sense."
,Recommended,314020,20593644,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mangumm,"Totally worth it! (Trading cards worth as much as game itself, what can go wrong?)Pros:Beautiful artGood musicChill after long day ;)Cons:""Slow"" gameplayMoving can get a bit glitchy, nothing annoying thoughLast puzzle can give you headache ;>"
76561198004839075,Not Recommended,314020,20569285,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Moosey Fate,"Visual experience and unique experamentation are pluses.  The integration of clickable objects blending in with the background is well implimented artistically.Gameplay controls are exceedingly clunky.  No way to part way through a level (re-playing the first part isn't a challenge, but is tedious), once you are in a puzzle.  But the worst part of the game, is that once you are in a mini-puzzle, you are STUCK.  We're talking CTRL+ALT+DELETE to get out of the game.  The game desperately needs polish in these areas is it's going to be a sold product."
,Recommended,314020,20571659,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TheDarkPlebian,Morphopolis is a great game. it is very unique compared to other games i have played. it is a very good puzzle game that really makes you think. you should get it
,Not Recommended,314020,20561380,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BlishBlash,"For being one of three games in a 50 cent pack, you could do worse, but it's the definition of style over substance.+Great art+Bug theme~Decent music (but it gets old)-Gameplay is basically pixel hunting, with the occasional uninspired puzzle-Nonsensical story-Unsatisfying (and arguably unfinished) ending-Extremely short-Goal is often unclear, basically forces you to use the hint system (which doesn't even explain certain things)-Puzzles can be frustrating, or a joke-Slow movement-Navigation sometimes confusingAgain, if you can get this cheaply, go for it, but I really can't recommend this game. There was never a time I really had ""fun"" with it. It felt like a talented artist made a bunch of nice-looking art, and a dev made an uninspired game out of it."
76561198083355860,Not Recommended,314020,20512355,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Empress Simmz,"PROS:- I bought it on sale for $0.13CONS: Where do I start?- took me just over an hour to complete the game (i had left it running while i went sammich hunting)- the art it werid and looks like some one on lsd made it- its not even hard!- people are comparing it to "" The Tiny Bang Story"" but honestly that game was way better, it was a lot harder and it at least took me a coupe of days to complete it.- the actual movement of your bug thingy is stupid and tidious. it takes forever for them to move anywhere and you actually have to raise your cursor up and down to go over a rock. its highly annoying.- and the storyline. WHAT IS IT!? i dont even know. all i know is to move onto the next level you have to find the missing pieces of the bug and then let your current bug be absorbed (for a lack of a better word) by the new bug. :/dont buy this game. soo many things that are just wrong with this. :/"
,Not Recommended,314020,20507357,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,randolf,"Morphopolis has some nice artwork but suffers from terrible usability issues.Gameplay is ""Hidden Object"" clicking; the objects are usually not very hidden at all, but they are progress-gated so that you cannot click on them until the game lets you.Character movement is a nightmare. The game forces you to backtrack and just walking from screen to screen feels like a battle of wills.A fullscreen puzzle on level 4 (flower pollen) cannot be exited without force-quitting the game and provides so little feedback that it caused an immediate flurry of users begging the devs to fix it upon release; over six months later there have been no updates.I cannot recommend this at any price in its current state."
76561198070991937,Recommended,314020,20760867,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lord Ice Hole,Best grasshopper simulator i have ever played.
,Recommended,314020,20866587,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,PanT3485PzKpfw6,Artwork: 10/10Puzzles: 10/10Difficulty: IntermediateOverall it was great. It could've been longer though. I'm not sure why everyone says the last puzzle was really difficult but the fourt one with the seeds for me are harder than the last one.
,Recommended,314020,20881802,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,txster,"Adorable little thing, can't go wrong at that price.Took 1.5h to do 100%, reminded of Botanicula (plants, critters) with hidden objects elements and a couple of puzzles.Just wished exits were indicated, movement is sluggish and unclear."
,Recommended,314020,20881843,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,pr0bus,Nice game!
,Recommended,314020,21358268,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Metsushiro,"+ beautiful colourful art style+ easy 100% achievement+ gameplay feels intuitive+ puzzles can be challenging+ however, easy enough to figure them out on your own+ you can obtain discount coupon for this game by completing badges, or visiting the trade forums/groups- the poor bug getting eaten at the end of each level left me a wee bit creeped out!- i want more please! :)"
,Recommended,314020,21397540,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bunny,Just wanted to say I really enjoyed these puzzles and the different way you brought them about. Relaxing and interesting at the sametime.
76561198146196947,Recommended,314020,21374823,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Meluna,"Beautiful art. Very unique game in the category of HOG. It has no text, but it is fun to figure out what to do and in most cases self-explanatory. It is very short, but the price reflects that. A good buy, definitely a new experience for fans of the HOG genre."
76561198245270016,Not Recommended,314020,21354774,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,virtualbill,"It's pretty, I guess, but so are lots of things.  This is a poor hidden object game with different scenery.  Instead of  evil sorcerers, you have insects.  Instead of a helpless girl or kid, you have an insect.  Instead of monsters and unicorns, you have insects.   It is vaguely interesting for a few minutes, then it gets tedious."
,Recommended,314020,18901417,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,batbogeyhex,"I paid 19 cents for three things: beautiful art, teeth clenching puzzles, and a very slow bug."
76561198089743541,Recommended,314020,18901476,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,comet_racer,"One word: SHORT.The only reason I don't regret is because it was dirty cheap.It is beautiful, but gameplay is annoying."
76561198033561626,Recommended,314020,18889875,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,"""Pudge""","Let's be honest, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time.Or is it cool just for chill?However, it is visually great, good job guysWalk as an insect simulator 10/10Would walk again"
76561198091390849,Recommended,314020,18866579,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rruni1,"If you like walking around as a bug that uses the reanimated corpses of other bugs as a mean of transportation, then boy howdy do I have a game for you. However, if you don't like spending 55% of your time waiting for your slow♥♥♥♥♥bug to work its way across the screens, then this game probably isn't going to be one of your favourites. The controls are honestly horrible, but the overall gameplay isn't bad. The puzzles are solid and make you stop and think. However, I could have done without the overly minimalist ""tutorial"" and buttons. I don't even know why the help button is there, because it didn't ever do anything. I don't even know if it was actually a help button. Maybe it was just a question mark that you can press repeatedly to get your frustration out when you just can't figure out what to do next. Who knows. Overall I'd give this game like a 6/10."
,Not Recommended,314020,18971276,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,cunda pojeru,hard :cc
76561198097001084,Recommended,314020,18970671,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mayo xD,"easy game, i like story and images."
76561197962400812,Recommended,314020,30598943,Posted: 18 March,all,Peter Red,"Unique, beautiful and relaxing!Need more stages and puzzles..."
,Recommended,314020,18978439,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Fug Cod,The artwork is beautiful and amazing. It is easy to get lost in the idea that you are a small creature completing a simple quest.
,Recommended,314020,18974215,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Billaras,Prety good with great music
,Recommended,314020,18961246,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,¢υ¢кє∂ уσυя ∂α∂,"£0.15? Get it, worth it."
,Recommended,314020,18964260,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Foma,"Heard Erik Satie's ""Gymnopédie No. 3"" in the trailer, knew I had to have it. A cool short puzzler game with soothing music and visuals. Good to relax to, not too intense."
,Recommended,314020,18964354,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DOMENISHI,"Beautiful artwork, wonderful gameplay, and cheap for a game as high quality as this!"
,Not Recommended,314020,18964489,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,AlphaBeatX,"The thing is, it looks beautifull but, is boring as hell, i like contemplative games, but this one should be like that cake's game included in windows vista that nobody played"
,Recommended,314020,18885387,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Guitar Hero,Prosits an awesome big puzzlelooks amazingnice and originalColorfulbugsconsThe last puzzle was so cancer growing it litterally took me ♥♥♥♥ING TWO ENTIRE HOURS yes and i have no idea how i did it.
,Recommended,314020,18895161,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,r0b0t45,"Nice game, really relaxing (worth to try). I'm glad that my friend gifted it to me! ^^"
76561198010588582,Not Recommended,314020,18893456,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kauri,would not recommend this game very buggy charshed after 3 min.also poor interface
76561198024932434,Recommended,314020,18923819,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KINGSKIN.ORG BOT,The Fantasy Game :)
76561198056739662,Recommended,314020,18923686,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Eienlanzer,"This was a fantastic short game to play on the side. I found it challenging enough, but it is only 5 levels long.A lot of the negative reviews complain about it being difficult to find things. (well no $^!#). 'Back in my day, I had to walk 50 miles to the store in my barefeet just to look up cheats and strategies...."
,Recommended,314020,18921676,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,razbar32,this game is more of an experience than your ordinary p&c gameit plays much like an ios game which is my main drawback about itbut it compromise with its unusual graphics and astonishing artstyleI enjoyed it a lot!
,Recommended,314020,18916406,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HeadShot,"Such Colour, so wow.+ : nice relaxing soundtrack, relaxing gameplay, brain teaser, nice puzzles.- : 5 levels7/10 would morphose again"
76561198259060509,Recommended,314020,27406187,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,labored,Da
,Recommended,314020,27492383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blaithe,"Great artwork, interesting yet sometimes (rarely) frustrating puzzles.Good ambient music.Not too happy with the ending though."
76561198130030029,Recommended,314020,27278376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Malyenki,"A simple enough game that draws you in fantastically. highly recomended for anyone that wants to sit back and relax, yet enjoy and immersive experience"
,Recommended,314020,27117805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mad Piggy :8 || CSGO500,10/10
,Recommended,314020,27359565,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pandalicious,a little good game
,Not Recommended,314020,30914028,Posted: 2 April,all,404HattyNotFound,"Don't spend your time or money playing this game, you're better off buying something else that lets you walk away and think ""ay that's pretty good."" This will likely just leave a sour taste in your mouth. And if you don't heed my advice here's a solver for the last puzzle, if you need it and you probably will.https://meekee7.github.io/beetlepuzzlesolver/"
76561198280829941,Recommended,314020,26998129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sofia,The art is beautiful!!
,Recommended,314020,27016635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fac3 ツ ۞ csgoatse.com,wew!!
,Recommended,314020,27664120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Suncrash,Minimalistic and beatiful.
,Recommended,314020,16869210,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,battlejuby,"Beautiful stained-glass like artwork.A game that takes you on a wee journey into an innovative world, it stands out throgh the lack of a GUI and (as far as I could tell), a lack of hints. Just a mouse cursor and a world yo can explore.Think of it this way - it's about the same price as a beer - maybe two beers. It takes the same amount of time to finish either. But unlike the beers, it has its charm and particularity.Definently a recommeonded game!edit: achievement thingie."
76561198057161870,Recommended,314020,25208245,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mr Gutsy,"My wife and just spent two hours playing this game. We spent 1 Chinese Yuan on it and two others on the steam sale. It was worth the price and then some! Insanely hard puzzle game! Don't expect much help though, we got stuck a few times and it took us a while to get out. But I want to thank the developers for a game that brought my wife and I closer together, as this is the first game we've played together for 2 hours, usually one of us gets bored much sooner. The art is beautiful and the mini puzzles were all so completely different it was great!"
76561198000872979,Recommended,314020,30854872,Posted: 31 March,all,"USNcb, P.E.",Fun and unique game.  Some of the puzzles were challenging yet still enjoyable.  Not too long either.  Recommended.
,Not Recommended,314020,25185963,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Betovsky,"The drawing is very pretty. But the UI is horrible, almost umberable.If the game was longer I would have just uninstall it instead of going with it til the end. Finished the game almost in rage fighting the UI."
,Recommended,314020,24934486,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Z0neX9,short gameplay finished in 2 hrs
,Recommended,314020,25094545,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kyrie72,A fun little puzzle game with astounding visuals.Morophopolis combines hidden object platform with other logic puzzles ranging from tangram jigsaws to tricky Rubick's Cube style teasers.Many of the puzzles are quick to get through and the formula is repetitive but the game is short enough that is doesn't get tedious.Having paid only $0.37 for a 3-game bundle I would say it was a morning well spent.
76561198044648477,Recommended,314020,25157966,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SimoonGryphon,"Play a carapace-changing bug necromancer that plays nice to other bugs and plants by finding hidden things for them.  A fun little puzzle game with no words at all!  Also, no instructions at all, except that there is a handy little hint button (a question mark) in the upper right.  But for the really hard puzzles, no hints for you!"
,Recommended,314020,25157070,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Berlioz,Most of my game time was spent trying to solve the last puzzle without a walkthrough.
,Not Recommended,314020,30847677,Posted: 30 March,all,ChoGGi,Unplayable in nv surround/eyefinity
76561198081123564,Recommended,314020,25047288,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Danny,Short but satisfying
,Recommended,314020,25195862,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Noise.,Verybeautifulgame!
76561198260293931,Recommended,314020,23530029,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Fletchda,Fun puzzle game. Got it with 2 other games from the dev for $0.37. Totally worth it for that. controls are slow and a bit clunky but its fun. Good for an hour and a half of play time.
,Recommended,314020,23987633,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Adä,beautiful game!
,Recommended,314020,23985837,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ iPrologue csgobig.com,I Really Appreciated the game art!
76561198146102422,Recommended,314020,16004880,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Saint Cancer,This game is interesting... It's very vivid and colorful with multicolored seeds and bugs crawling all over the place. If you have extra steam money left over from a big buying spree I recommend you pick it up.
,Recommended,314020,25247398,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Wen(n)ix,"Wonderful game, with beautiful music. The length is a bit disappointing but for the price this is a gem"
76561197998847278,Not Recommended,314020,25560851,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,specificinstance,"Another tablet port. yay. The art is fairly pretty and the music unobjectionable. But needing to swipe game elemets with the mouse, the lack of any user interface (including a quit button - I had to Alt-Ctrl-Del to Task Manager to get out) and the first puzzle having little rhyme or reason all combine to make me not want to find the second puzzle."
,Not Recommended,314020,25558627,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,☕  em0_tion,stupid af 2/3
76561198046472958,Recommended,314020,25589227,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,annanonymous,"If you like puzzles this ones great, beautiful art style, really relaxed atmosphere, great way to pass the time.Bit difficult at times since they don't give you hints on how to solve the minigames, but not too hard to figure it out. Quite a bit of slow walking around the screen while you're figuring stuff out, but would still reccomend it to those of you who like puzzles."
76561198303295681,Recommended,314020,25438836,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GilCroix,Great ArtworkCalming SoundtrackFinger ExerciseAble to Complete All ACHIEVEMENTS!More Finger ExerciseThinking...
,Recommended,314020,25582897,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,StrandedCat,Good but clueless
,Recommended,314020,25605285,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Nonsensical Nao,Short and sweet. A relaxing casual game with lovely artwork and great music.
,Not Recommended,314020,25607149,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,THE IRAQI SOLDIER,"Didnt like it , or maybe i just dont like the puzzle and hidden objecitve games."
,Recommended,314020,26323260,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Eternal Darkness,For a puzzle its pretty ok..6/10 - because .
,Not Recommended,314020,25710693,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[LCS] Tom,"Doesnt like being run in 1920 x 1080, it displays full screen but runs in a box, i know this because my mouse only works in the top left corner of the screen and if i click too far right the game minimises!"
,Recommended,314020,24048029,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,【Tainted】,"I dont fancy insects myself, especially every end of the level they eat the insect's brain (Did they?)This game can give confusions, yet strangely addicting puzzles. Worth an hour or two of my life. 7/10 to play. Although theclimbing up and down could tick you off a little if you're an impatient person"
,Recommended,314020,24063011,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LithiumTigress,"bought this game in summer sale, beautiful art and levels finding the hidden items you need to go on etc. i got so in to it and now ive completed it lmao . 5 wonderful levels im glad i didnt have to play as a spider though . get the game even if its just to add to your collection."
,Recommended,314020,24116106,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Surprise4u ^-^,"This game is absolutely a masterpiece. Basicly u start as a caterpillar and then you go into other bugs and control them as slaves, but first you have to be a slave you have to bring stuff to other bugs, because they are to lazy to do it themselfs. You move extra slowly and there is not tutorial which there should be at least some explanation. 5 levels of finding items and solving puzzles. The ending is truly amazing 10/10 better than Witcher 3 and Skyrim and other amazing games. Graphics are from the future the bugs are annoying as in real life and don't shut up. You are a slave and then you eat your master.9/11 its cheap and fun, bought it only for the ending! <3"
,Recommended,314020,24097274,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cr3mR,This game is amazing and looks amazing. Get it on sale for $0.49 so you to can be amazed. I highly recommend this game! Even for $2 its still a pretty good game for the price 8/10
76561198006626799,Recommended,314020,23893470,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Orion,"WoW I didn't expect that but this game learned me a lot. Much more than any other ""educational"" games which we can find in internet. This game is like real life you have to walk slowly, be patient and alert all the time because our senses can fool us and we can miss the oportunities, beautiful views and good stuff by rushing. Game shows us life which we slowly forget that is here with us. Great music make this game even better for a very cheap price. In my opinion everyone of you should buy this game and feel this atmosphere. Then you should go outside and find some grasshoppers if we still have some grass... I think it is worth to stop for a moment to reflect on all of this.It's simple point and click game but really well done.Good luck and don't miss anything :)"
,Recommended,314020,23884349,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fraze,"Took me just over an hour and a half to complete this game. Really enjoyed the simple design and the puzzles! Just bought it during the summer sale to get the playing cards and craft some badges, was great fun for the short amount of time."
,Recommended,314020,23880483,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eli the Grey,"I'm going to give Morphopolis a lukewarm recommendation, because the artwork is gorgeous, and I'm a sucker for both point-and-click adventures and games with a unique visual style.  If those things sound up your alley, then definitely give Morphopolis a try.  I do have reservations though, as the game can become very tedious, as it basically consists of navigating very slow-moving insects between various screens as you look for hidden objects, and solving small puzzles.  The controls are also frustrating at times.  There are five segments to play through, but there is no real ending once you've completed the final puzzle.  Speaking of the final puzzle, it almost caused the game to lose my recommendation, as it is basically an annoying slider puzzle, and I really can't stand when these show up in games.  All of that being said, however, Morphopolis remains a beautiful, relaxing experience, and it's likely worth your time."
,Not Recommended,314020,23911108,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,getinmycarigotcandy x_o,Bought it for my parents who love to play hidden-objects-games. They both hated this game. They send their regards! -head
76561198259922157,Recommended,314020,23927576,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Faye,"Üliilus väike mänguke. Mõni etapp nõudis juutuubi abi, aga enivei kunstiliselt ja ajaviiteks ideaalne.9/10"
,Recommended,314020,23856067,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Recaiden,This is the best hidden object game that I have ever played.  It is beautiful and surprising and clever.It is slow.It has hidden object elements.It is very linear.But it was definitely worth 50 cents.
,Recommended,314020,23837921,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,roadman shaq,ваще чотка
,Recommended,314020,24105639,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Haller*BigRain228,ez cards
,Recommended,314020,24164120,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nscape,"A beautiful, but short experience, featuring moderately challenging puzzles and lots of insects."
,Recommended,314020,24176375,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all, iNFWRNAL,"Enjoyable and stunning puzzle game. Only downside was that it was short.I got this game in a bundle that was on sale, I'm happy with it for the price I payed.Would recommend to buy if you can find it cheap."
76561198104367778,Recommended,314020,24176885,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Coolgamevampman,"This game is a bug type Puzzle/Problem slover. It doesn't tell you anything about the puzzles, how to solve them, or anything such as that, which is an aspect of the game that I hate. If it gets too hard then there are guides to the game which I advise looking at. The game is a beautiful peice of PC harware. It's very beautiful and for an artist, it's eye candy. If you are looking for a short puzzler (Which I beat in under 2 hours) that is lovely, then try this game out."
76561198258493505,Recommended,314020,24175119,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mirakose,"Picked this up for 24 cents during summer sales, a quick little game with some cute art :)"
76561198115931236,Recommended,314020,25538620,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,fantasha,If you like taking psychedelic's and bugs this game is for you
,Recommended,314020,19207590,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,「 Vαиĭℓℓα 」,I love it :)Nice graphic and good music...
,Recommended,314020,19352366,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Veganjustin,"Very visually appealing game. There isn't much storyline, and the game isn't difficult, but it is great for casual gamers. Worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,314020,19354908,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gluten-Free Meth,"This game's art is its real focal point. I would not honestly reccommend it at all from a technical standpoint, but the premise is promising. 7.5/10 - not quite there."
,Recommended,314020,19147988,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Emperor Second ♛,Merita jucat!
,Not Recommended,314020,19139480,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Anna,"Glorified Hidden Object Game with fetch quests for work-shy insects.It looks adorable, but there's only 1,5hr of content. I spent the other 1,5 hour trying to do the last ♥♥♥♥ing puzzle."
,Recommended,314020,18058065,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Konato_K,"EditSeems like the price of the game has changed, and now it actually has a price that seems to fit better the duration of the game, so I decided to change the review to a positive vote instead.Original ReviewI really didn't know if give a thumbs up or thumbs down to this game.The graphics are awesome, the puzzles are entertaining and the music is very relaxing, it's an awesome game to spend around 2 hours (I finished it in 90 minutes) of relaxing puzzles and really nice looking draws.However, the game is really expensive considering the small amount of playtime it gives you, either they need to add more levels or you should get it when it's on sale, otherwise stay away from it since it will be money wasted.The game is awesome, but it's not worth the full price."
76561198220378097,Recommended,314020,19167608,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Chryssyling,"At $1 you can't go wrong (though I got this for like 30 cents during a weekly sale). It's a short hidden object game, only 5 levels, and quite relaxing...up until the final puzzle. I see others have made mention of the final puzzle as well. All the other puzzles are a breeze and shouldn't take much to get through, but the last one is a b****. It has 13 achievements and they are all easy to get, so if you are someone who likes 100% completing games, this one will make you happy.3/5 stars from me."
76561198059379452,Recommended,314020,19336153,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Flying Pig,"One of greatest games i ever played.Music, drawings, style and atmosphere, all is at highest level.It is kind and relaxing, greatest game for kids and adults.My respect to creator.The only thing is making me sad, that it is too short!Please make a next part!My verdict - 10 of insects tarsus of 10!"
,Recommended,314020,19376964,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Yggdrasiln,"Beautiful art, music and puzzels. Frustratingly slow however."
,Recommended,314020,20917454,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Luken™,"Nice game, will a second game come?"
,Recommended,314020,20909414,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jon Snow,Great arts
,Recommended,314020,20925758,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,hazelnaught,"I loved this game. It was beautiful to look at and the music was calming. Some of the puzzles are tricky, especially the beetle puzzle on level 5. Once I finished the beetle puzzle, I was actually a little sad because I wanted the game to go on longer."
,Not Recommended,314020,20902423,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Duke Cybran (Never-ending CF,A flash-liked game which has no clue to solve rediculous epic puzzles.Not worth even donating for it.
76561198247696040,Recommended,314020,20902988,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,mitchellwodz,i know nothing of this game other than it has trading cards~
76561198277598516,Recommended,314020,20916219,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AFSkilz,"Morphopolis is a game that takes you through different transformations. You play as a variety of insects that collect different parts to evolve. Very colorful and great scenery. Recommended for those who like hidden object, and challenging puzzle games."
76561198199334225,Not Recommended,314020,21263643,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rkalo,"Horribly designed game. Controls are confusing. Don't let the amazing art sell you on this game, it is not fun. A lot of the game is clicking, clicking, clicking. The puzzles give you zero direction.  A lot of game elements that are necessary to advance I discovered by boringly clicking around the screen to see if anything would happen. Unless your time is absolutely worthless do not invest it in this game.Not to mention, NO SAVES.  So if you are stuck in a level and you need to stop gaming for whatever reason, you literally have to start over since your only pause options are to go to the main menu or quit the game. I mean its mind boggling how many design flaws this game has while still managing to have a popular rating."
,Not Recommended,314020,21309918,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Clovis,"The game and music are absolutely beautiful, but I think this is the rare game that would benefit by being a more traditional hidden object game. Looking for the items is nice, and there's a hint system. But then you hit the ""puzzles"" which are a who's who of the most boring Adventure game tropes: a game of Memory, Simon Says, a couple of simple jigsaw puzzles, a ""turn the things to make various paths line up"", draughts (the peg game from Cracker Barrel), and one of those ""turn the dials to match everything up, but as you try to match them it messes the others up"". At best, these kinds of puzzles add very little to a game, but at worst, like here, they add a completely unnecesary level of boredome and frustration.I'm all for ""difficult"" games like Dark Souls, but this game should have stuck the relaxing formula of other hidden object games."
,Recommended,314020,21299002,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,vinz,Awesome puzzle game with slowass moving insect
76561198089718922,Recommended,314020,21285117,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Smoochie Wallace,"This game is very relaxing, perfect when you have a couple of minutes to kill."
76561197978667988,Recommended,314020,21318920,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,adamlandyathome,"Another great value game that gives more time that the cost would indicate.  It is visually very nice and the soundtrack is really soothing.  Yes it is very simple, well, mostly; however, it is pitched at just the right level that it can keep you entertained.  The puzzles as well as the hidden object element are a nice touch.  My only gripe is that the movement can be somewhat annoying at times and there is no direction, so you really do have to feel your way around.  The value it offers more than compensates and is worthy of recommending."
,Recommended,314020,21470549,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,LadyG,Eye candy! Quite beautiful and relaxing. Find the hidden objects and solve the puzzles.
,Recommended,314020,21471488,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Wakdikyat,Interesting art style.  Worth the $2 asking price.
,Not Recommended,314020,21617383,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,他媽的,I laugh when i hear it's name
,Recommended,314020,21717216,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,grappler902,"Morphopolis is a very interesting, and unique game that takes place in the world of insects. There are very few games of this variety. At first glance you might think that this is just an artificial life simulator type of game (Examples of such games are Simlife, Simant, and Spore). But, you would be wrong. Because this is actually a 2D, point and click game with puzzles (LOTS of them to say the least). You start the game off by playing as a caterpillar, and you must help the caterpillar create a cocoon in order to proceed to the next level. Don't start thinking that you'll play as a caterpillar in every level, there actually are other insects in this game you can play as later on. Don't worry, I won't give away the names of the other insects or describe their appearances (assuming you're a gamer who likes surprises). There are puzzles in every level of Morphopolis. A puzzle can be accessed by collecting a certain amount of items (Sticks, berries, pollen, etc.). Some puzzles are easily solved in a matter of minutes, while others will have you leaning your head against your hand wondering how on earth you can find a solution to the current puzzle. The artwork in this game is absolutely beautiful. But the animation is somewhat cheap (Seems like the kind of animation you'd see in a Newgrounds game). Now as for the soundtrack, it's very atmospheric, and fits the game like a glove. The only complaint I have with this game is that it's too short! I managed to complete this game in a single day (I'm not kidding). Partly because the puzzles in this game are very similar to puzzles I've seen in other games. Now if you're a casual gamer, then chances are you're probably going to be playing this game much longer then I would. Overall, Morphopolis is a very well designed game that I wish could have a sequel or an expansion pack. If you like Professor Layton or any other puzzle game in general, give this one a try."
,Recommended,314020,21847447,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Airabee,"Very pretty, but very short. I would certainly buy it durring a sale. The puzzles are creative, and the art is really unique, so it's definitely worth a few hours of your time."
76561198025171737,Recommended,314020,20961258,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Maloth,"I absolutely love this game.  It's simple, it's short, and it's very relaxing to play.  I finished the whole thing in one sitting and was left wanting so much more.  While I'm not typically a fan of the find-the-thing game category, this one was beautiful.  It's exotic, innocent, the art is great and the music matches it exquisitely.  I feel like I ripped them off for paying so little.  It's only good for maybe an hour or two of actual play time but good god it's fun while it lasts.  The only downside, and I say this with no disparagement, is that some of the puzzles are not self-evident.  This isn't usually too much of a condemnation except that the game provides virtually no instructions at any point.  Of course, there's Google.  If you're at an absolute loss, do that.  There's a brief how to move sequence at the very beginning and the rest is up for you to figure out.  That being said, just get it.  It's so cheap.  There's really no way to go wrong with this one.  Even if it was just an art and music pack without a game at all it'd still be worthwhile.  If I can pay a dollar for over an hour of childlike wonder then I just won and that's exactly what Morphopolis brings to the table in the most beautiful, multicoloured and delightful way possible.  It's such a beautifully and richly put together game that I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,314020,23378526,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Scribble.,"peacefull, kinda makes you apriciate life."
76561198161807496,Recommended,314020,23401552,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,UniqueDetective,Excellent game very atmosheric and very hard in sοme points!
,Recommended,314020,23261120,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,JiYongee,"Really neat game! It kinf of takes a while to get from place to place, but the atmosphere is really incredible"
,Recommended,314020,23259949,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dut420,Good game plus cool art its worth it as long as its on sale
,Recommended,314020,23143818,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[-SoL-] wipefeetnmat,I found it enjoyable. Relaxing. Not too easy nor too difficult. Achievement completion.
,Recommended,314020,23254832,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Greg,"Are you an entomologist or botanist who believes in reincarnation and enjoys hallucinogens? Have I got a game for you!Morphopolis is a hidden object type game with some puzzles thrown in intermittently. The puzzles are fairly typical, and not that difficult. I beat the 5 levels in about an hour.While a little psychedelic, the artwork is beautful. The music is also very nice.There are no words in the game, so I'm not exactly clear on the ""plot,"" but it seems to be about a bug that brings larger, dead bugs back to life and inhabits them somehow, which is curious and slightly disturbing, but just try not to focus on that part.All in all, I'd give it a 6 out of 10. Pretty, but otherwise pretty uninteresting. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,314020,23364421,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[310] алксо,"Pros: Good visuals , Puzzles make you use your brain.Cons: No guidance, music gets old fast. No settingsAlso steam cards"
76561198119813602,Recommended,314020,23396084,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Alizea,"It's a pretty fun game. I got it as part of the art pack and I did enjoy the art. I like to be efficient though, so it was difficult for me to enjoy the game when my character moved death-cravingly slow. It drove me nuts. I recommend this game for people who aren't impatient, it was an interesting game."
,Recommended,314020,23437457,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,PurpleTartan,"A short and artistic point and click about the evolution of an insect. Lovely visauls, though I will say now that some items of interest are a similar colour to the background, so might not be suitable for those with colour blindness or eye problems."
,Recommended,314020,23299043,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TorpidDragons,"Such a beautiful game. If your into casual and visual stimulation, then those would be a good game to buy."
,Recommended,314020,23359694,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lord Selrahc,"Interesting game, great art, and good puzzles."
76561198192993305,Recommended,314020,23361359,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,TheCactusMan,Very good artistic style in this game. And you get to play as da bugsss. Would reccomend to fellow herpetologists
76561198058163388,Not Recommended,314020,23352606,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Bandit,"wow, played the game for 20 mins and deleted it.  Right from the start, no explanation what to do.got through the 1st part and went right into a puzzle.  Again, no explanation to what to accomplish.There is no pause feature or help button avail. Even when I used ""esc"" the game wouldn't close. Had to do the famous ctrl   alt   del   to get out of the game.It was cheap enough, so I didn't really waste my money, but boy, what a poor design."
,Recommended,314020,23318395,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ixen08,"Hey Grumpy Owls, today I played \""Morphopolis\"" and AMAZINGLY relaxing game with incredible Art, Music, and playability.  HIGHLY Recommended.  Check out the video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q9RZWW2L9Q"
76561198111751392,Recommended,314020,23279671,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,CHERRU,This game is p cool
,Recommended,314020,23136589,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Borge,"A very short and beautiful game. Some difficult puzzles but not to hard. It has some problems with the controls because it only uses one button for everything, I walked to another screen when I wanted pick up something."
,Recommended,314020,23209867,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,_____________,"Thumbs up!I like the background(Those are so beautiful)and the backgroud song(It could makes me fall asleep)The last puzzle takes my time about an hour! I'm so damn tired with that!!!I was crying for the last puzzle(no,I'm kidding)"
,Recommended,314020,23275217,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kate M,"Really good, a euro for 2 hours as well, definitely worth the price."
76561198210396061,Recommended,314020,23631049,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Angel With A Crossbow,"I got this game in a bundle for... 0,11€. For that price, you just have to buy  it. And i do not regret it. The game is short, i played throught it completely in about two hours, but those were two hours of fun. It is a beautiful game, a hidden gem, with some challenging puzzles (the last puzzle really got me, it took me a long long time to get it).It is worth it, the game has astonishing beautiful sceneries, and also some pretty good music.So, go buy it, if it's on sale, do not hesitate, it's a fun game!"
,Not Recommended,314020,22731568,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,danweL,"This game is an easy 100%, but the controls and speed of the character are infuriating. Some of the clunkiest movement I've ever seen and the only button you use is Left Mouse.  Insufferable."
,Recommended,314020,17292576,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,S7RAF3,"PROS - A point & click visual acid trip...WITH BUGS!! eeeeeyyewwwww!!CONS- Short, and theres a glitch where the game minimizes and maximized real fast just about anytime you double click something fastOverall good game 7/10"
,Not Recommended,314020,22712519,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Codename: Dry Driller,"i hate this.the collect-a-thon aspect of it is annoying + the worst thing ever, the music repeats itself too much, the puzzles would make no sense without looking up the tutorials and the gameplay is dull and boring as hell. the bugs are slow and that slows everything down, not to mention the fact that the game has 4 screens which take a lot of time to get done with.only good things about this are the achievements and the nice art, which makes me sad, because it's just too good to be in a boring game like this.there is also another window which opened up before the game and as far as i know it counts the time i've been playing the game and something else.it looks like this -http://prntscr.com/ayi2cgand is annoying."
,Recommended,314020,21386680,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Buieruwen,"Very beautiful and interesting short puzzle game, nice difficulty progression on the puzzle minigames"
76561198035262345,Recommended,314020,22786278,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BAKugAn VR,"Full of art, this is only mini games of 5 but u will actually very like that.Original and inspired :D Love this game... Overall 8/10(+) Original Puzzle GameBeautiful ArtGreat SoundtrackSteam achievment in 1 play through and trading cards(-) Short only 1.5 hours to finishBig size for mini gameNeed to stand by for trading cards"
76561198033164319,Recommended,314020,22667779,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Cormandy,"Loved playing this with my four-year-old. Cool and colorful art. Makes dirt, plants, and bugs interesting. Game length was just fine (ie. not too short) if you play patiently with a kid. We would buy more levels or games like this."
,Recommended,314020,22603104,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,stoyrm!,"this game has 5 sets of puzzles that will take you just over one hour to complete. 6/10but really, please you slow buggy, move FASTER!!"
,Recommended,314020,22602397,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,shangzealot,I'm not sure if I'm learning anything related to science or biology but the art is dope enough to keep you entertained through the puzzles. The game is short and it's a good decision as I'll puke if I'm gonna go through a few more hours of gameplay. And easy achievements!
76561198254626623,Recommended,314020,22588195,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Juliejulez,"Beautiful game and just such an excitement to play. The downside? It doesn't go past level 5. I really really just wanted more. The puzzles in order for your ""insect"" to evolve from gets harder as you pass levels, but the game was completed in a weekend."
,Recommended,314020,22719101,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,N!ghTM@Re$*%,There two types of people in this world.1.) Ew! Bugs!2.) Cool! Bugs!
76561198091974816,Recommended,314020,23009853,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MartiniLinguine,Great game
,Recommended,314020,22995881,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Meowinx,This is a game you buy to complete once you start playing. The artwork is amazing and the game is point and click and comes with challenges. Not too complicated and casual.
,Recommended,314020,22863482,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,anemochore,Really gorgeous art. Really cool.There's just one flaw that it doesn't support 21:9 resoultion appropriately.
76561198071143256,Recommended,314020,22855683,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rand.ohmguy,This game is very easy to play and has appealing graphics. No replay value. Just a visually stimulating puzzle game. Only reccomend at a discount.
76561198243405078,Recommended,314020,23029591,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,why_so_tender,"Just finished the game for the first time and I must say - it's a beautiful piece of art. It's not long, took me just about 2 hours to finish but the thing with it is that you don't want to rush when you play it. It's a calm experience, cute in a way, with ambient music and beautiful graphics. Not for people who dislike insects and puzzles but otherwise - definitely worth to try it out."
,Recommended,314020,23076111,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tristan,It's something different.Quite beautiful.Not very challenging but enjoyable still.
,Recommended,314020,23040525,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Deodorante,"A doggo tryin to finish into transforming to 5 diffirent and biggers doggos,10/10(Just doing this cuz cards and achevements)"
,Recommended,314020,23052648,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Karki,Cute little hidden object game with a slightly infuriating last puzzle.
76561198039796635,Recommended,314020,30777515,Posted: 27 March,all,gabigrier,"Intensely beautiful art, a great soundtrack, and a nice collection of moderately challenging puzzles, but frustrating to the highest degree when it comes to the controls.Really, the only thing missing is one more page -- one more beautifully illustrated page -- with some blasted words on it to let you know how to control your brainless bug avatar."
,Recommended,314020,24142808,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Staghoul 👻,"Simple, yet somewhat challenging. The art style of the game is very nice, so it's nice to look at while you play. It's fairly cheap, so it's worth the buy. Personally it only took around two hours to complete, it's short but good."
,Recommended,314020,24189033,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,lydian,good art nice chill
76561198314648903,Recommended,314020,24203856,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Goldberry,"Amazing game! Great graphic, music and puzzles!"
76561198108183039,Recommended,314020,24364204,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DiabolicalDude,"Not exactly sure what just happened but it wasn’t bad.Story:You’re a bug that needs to give eggs to a different bug and then in the next level you play it? I’m not sure if I understood that correctly but overall, no story.Gameplay:It’s a point and click where the objective is to collect things. You get quests by clicking on insects which tell you to collect things which open paths (sometimes) to other insects and collectibles. It’s a simple process really. The fetch quests aren’t too bad as the entire game is about exploration. At the end, you just move on to a different level. Each level has about 4 rooms and you backtrack a lot which isn’t too much of a problem as they are small but your speed is low. Controlling the movement of the bug seems really not that accurate but you usually just use it to move to a different screen. Sometimes there are mini puzzles that show up like connecting ropes, matching colors, or a literal puzzle. They aren’t too annoying but just seem like time lengthens (except the last one can go ♥♥♥♥ itself).Overall, the gameplay is simple and not that bad.Graphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)The game looks fantastic and maintains a solid 60. Everything seems handdrawn and the sheer detail is just amazing. However, there are black bars around the top and bottom which are annoying. There isn’t a setting menu for resolution, controls (although a mouse is all you need), or music which is annoying. The music itself is really nice and nature-y (?) while having a sense of foreboding.Final Thoughts:I liked it. It was different and interesting. Overall, worth a look although wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,314020,24371522,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ted Whi†e,"Well its short, only 5 levels and its kinda easy.The plants remind me of the nausicaa anime movie.Point and click small puzzle, not much going for this game at all.I would give a thumbs up if there was many more levels and puzzles."
76561198076483830,Recommended,314020,24380889,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,VITAS [Woona Music],"Short, nice and easy point and click game, with a bit of a puzzle. Well, movement could be better, but the price is not bad. Overall reccomended."
76561198049366708,Recommended,314020,24382445,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pafferton,"Pretty, -pretty- game with very relaxing music. It was nice to just sit back and chill out with some simple puzzles."
76561198123289109,Recommended,314020,24335016,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rijona,Beautiful little game! Some great puzzles to get lost in for a few hours. Feel like i got my money's worth!
,Recommended,314020,24296754,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Aurora292,"I purchased Morphopolis while on sale for 25c. A really beautiful game, with a relaxing soundtrack. I didn't expect for it to pose much of a challenge, but I was WRONG!The gameplay combines finding hidden objects and puzzles, which ramp up in difficulty. The puzzles aren't terribly original, but enjoyable nonetheless.I would be more than happy to pay full price as it really is gorgeous. Definitely something enjoyable to take your time with.The only negative would be at some points what you actually have to do is unclear, there are no instructions, but there is a help button which recharges over time if you get stuck in the finding objects parts."
,Recommended,314020,24296787,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,elBez,"Visually stunning and wonderfully immersive, this is a nice, cheap, and fun game good for a few hours of casual brain teasing."
,Recommended,314020,24266600,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ΩCheshireSH̶R̴̷O̶OMॐ,What a pretty tiny world!Also recommended by Psychonautic Gaming Collective
,Recommended,314020,24290198,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cappaco,"A very pleasant hour or two. The movement (as I'm sure you've heard in the reviews already) is really slow and kinda frustrating, but the puzzles have just the right amount of complexity and aren't too hard (once you figure out what you need to do, there are no instructions at all).Would recommend, since it's cheap."
76561198093014461,Recommended,314020,24267891,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bassmatrix,"Not sure how to explain this... Wouldn't really call it a game, it can be frustrating at times, but it is a beautiful experience and so cheap."
,Recommended,314020,24262021,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Abe Simpson,This is a strange game. Great art and sounds. Extremely relaxing. Don't expect intense gameplay. My first impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cA9XAJxTVB4PRO:CheapRelaxingDifferent from the normCON:No settings (for anything!)Doesn't have much replayability
,Not Recommended,314020,24196437,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,gh0stg1rl,"A good chunk of the 1.6 hours it took me to play this game was spent swearing and watching my bug walk back and forth over the same spot because I angled my mouse slightly wrong.Nice art, but there are virtually no directions, and I feel in some spots it was necessary. I expected this to be easy enough for a kid to play, but I definitely don't think that's the case due to the lac of directions and one of the puzzles (the pipe/root one) actually being configured wrong. Feels like a phone game."
,Recommended,314020,24177414,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A very short but colourful simple point and click puzzle game. Easy, but nice artwork."
,Not Recommended,314020,24138803,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,m0scht,too much backtracking :)
,Recommended,314020,20869975,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PurpleSuit,"This game is amazing. Full of vibrant colours, challenging puzzle and beautiful art style. However I was a bit dissapointed at the lack of levels. There are only five and that left me unsatisfied. I really do hope that more levels with be added in the future."
76561198119918427,Recommended,314020,21022263,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,IcyHam,"Visually appealing game, with a hidden object twist. Takes less than 2 hours to complete. Only objection is that moving your character is slow and unresponsive."
,Recommended,314020,21002507,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nemixia,A slow paced click and point puzzle game with mesmerising scenery and relaxing music.
76561198171333565,Not Recommended,314020,20970734,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cicatrix,Slow and imposibru controls `bugged` me from the start and completely stucked at Level 3 because of inability to open the seed holder by clicking. Enough frustration for a small game.
,Recommended,314020,21010170,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Melumebelle,This game has beautiful graphics and soothing music. It's a fairly simple point and click hidden object game with a puzzle aspect (nothing too difficult). A quick playthrough but completely worth it!
76561198280037559,Recommended,314020,22232928,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,wielkicien,"I have to admit: I have not finished this game. I had to give up when I encountered the last puzzle. Was too hard to overcome for me. But will I come back sometime to finish what I started? Indeed I think so.Morphopolis is very simple game. You only need to click at certain objects in order to move ""story"" forward. It uses oldschool mechanics from simillar games, so it is not innovative at any point. I have a feeling that it is specially designed to be longer than it had to be. You will often find yourself wandering around the same locations just to pick a mushroom that you couldn't pick last time you were there. Also game is very short in it's core ""story"".But Morphopolis is beautiful. Really. And has so relaxing and nice music. It is great way to spend 2/3 hours. Not more though, unless you won't be bored doing the same thing over and over again.I can easily recommend this game and give it 7/10.Pro:- price- graphics- music- conceptCon:- too short- takes too much space- is designed to be longer than it should be"
76561198131883434,Recommended,314020,18605635,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dizzyfred69,A very pretty puzzle game. Something you would imagine parents playing with their children to settle them down.
76561198157047494,Recommended,314020,18564855,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,IRISH_DEVIL13,this is truely a masterpiece in its own stunning and beautiful way
,Recommended,314020,18682895,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Celta,"I started as a caterpillar, ended up being a grasshopper, nice way to get ahead in life"
,Recommended,314020,18753368,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Diddyyst,"For £0.15 this game was worth it, but by god the last puzzle with the bugs you have to slide around made me want to stick pins in my own eyes. Whether it sounds salty or not - it ruined the game for me.You have this beautiful landscape to look at, and sure, the bug moves along at the slowest pace imaginable - I can deal with that, I just look at the pretties and whatever, but the last puzzle? Good god, seriously, if you removed the last puzzle or changed it or something, I'd pay more, I really would.The other puzzles throughout the game are great, they get a bit difficult at times and I know from the game forums that people who are colour blind struggle with some parts, so to have such a road block right at the end of an otherwise peaceful, chilled game just♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it for me personally.The music is lovely, the game looks wonderful. Your little bug dude moves at a snail's pace and while the game has hidden object elements it's relatively straightforward. Get ready to back track quite a lot however as these objects are strewn across several screens.I personally wouldn't have minded less game time in return for less back tracking, it feels like you're being forced to just play for longer sometimes and that's never enjoyable in a game that is already pretty short. I would say the achievements are easy to get but I still just can't get past the last puzzle so I can't 100% :(Also, the game doesn't feature a proper save system, so if you get mid way through a scene,DON'Tquit, because you'll be forced to start the entire level again from the beginning (again, wouldn't be as much of a ball ache if the bug didn't move so slow). At present I can't bring myself to stare at that last puzzle for the 15 minutes I've already sank into the activity, but I recommend the game based on its otherwise pleasant presentation.(....but really I want to be a petty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and click 'no' purely because of that goddamn bug puzzle...can you taste the salt?)"
76561198114511975,Recommended,314020,18773714,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vidfarne,Oddly calming and atmospheric. Beautiful even with simplistic graphics. Play it through after a stressful day.Should have been longer...
,Recommended,314020,22295913,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BuckTheStar,"A beautiful game with nice pacing, a wonderful ability to show you what you need to do without words, and the the theme of transformation is very prevelant. The puzzles are a nice mix of medium to hard to solve."
76561198143795073,Recommended,314020,23088790,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mitrixlance,"A game that is made to rellax, there are things that can be explained better but its good i mean the art the music and concept it simple so its made to enjoy."
76561198031758729,Recommended,314020,25474520,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,sligocki,Pretty and fun little game. I had a lot of fun playing with my girlfriend who's not a gamer.
76561198302675777,Recommended,314020,25441958,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kuliyamasan,The fifth CH's beetles are terrible.
,Recommended,314020,25459563,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Leo Danial,"If you hate or dislike art style, or have phobia/hate/fear of insects, you'll probably dislike this gameThis is very good, puzzled game. Morphopolis is a click game, and you need to click to control/find any insects/item to complete or unlock some puzzles.The art also pretty amazing. If you like puzzled, click games, and yet like to have a great challenging mini game which only show you a less hint about puzzle, this game is might for you."
76561197993488562,Recommended,314020,25491394,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,sbe123,"Decent game. A pretty and relaxing object finder and puzzle game. The bug moves slow, but that fits the tone of the game. Most of the game is pretty intuitive, which is good ‘cuz there’s no instructions.Kinda short, only takes about 1-2 hours to complete. Also little replay value, but you can get it pretty cheap, so not too unreasonable.Pretty sure you get all the achievements just by playing though the game once, so a good game for people who care about that sort of thing.Only real problem I had is once you open one of the puzzles afaik you have to either solve it or ctrl-alt-delete out of the game. Seems like poor game design.Spoilers! One content warning: The bug you are / are guiding eats its way into a few dead bugs. It’s not graphic in any way, and it is perfectly natural for a bug, but it might disturb someone who is very easily grossed out, or someone who really doesn’t like bugs."
76561198104834708,Recommended,314020,25494930,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,mecho,"Nice little puzzle game with a mix of easy and tougher puzzles, great artwork and more than worth what you have to pay for the game."
,Recommended,314020,25505023,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,crabapples97,"Very fun, cute little game about bugs. The art style is adorable and very pleasing and while yes it has some tough puzzles, all in all it is great."
76561198020477062,Recommended,314020,25389479,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Raph,"It's cute, it feels like you are in a coloring book.The puzzles are easy, but two puzzles in particular were frustrating like hell; made me almost hesitate to give the game a good review... but considering its prettiness I had no other choice.You have to explore around and search for items, that was pleasant.The controls are not very responsive but considering I paid 0,13$ for this game I can't complain..."
,Not Recommended,314020,25305886,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jessica simpson,"full disclosure - i don't play hidden object games, and didn't realise this was one when i decided to play it next. i thought it was a puzzle game. i was wrong.i won't criticise it for it's hidden object content (though i do not understand the appeal at all) as it's unfair to mark down a game for being the genre it is. however, the other aspects are incredibly frustrating. the character model moves so slowly, which feels like unnecessary padding. pathing is terrible. there's no indication of where you can and can't go, so you have to wait an eternity for the character model to walk to a point only to find you can't go that way. the game doesn't explain any of the mechanics or puzzles - not an issue for the most part, but in 2 instances i had no idea what i had to do to move the game along and had to look at a guide to simply progress the game (oh, that mechanic that i discovered by accident that did nothing now does something in select spots on one single level? ugh). that's not clever game design.the puzzles were fairly bland - nothing that hasn't been done a million times before. but i have to mention the last one in the game...if you're colour blind, like i am - GOOD BLOODY LUCK. it was nearly impossible for me to distinguish some of the colours. terrible puzzle design.the music is nice enough, but loops too soon.visually - A+. absolutely beautiful to look at. just wish the graphics were married to a better game."
,Not Recommended,314020,25298135,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,2O2G-vires_astris,"very simple puzzle game. it's very artsy and has calming music. Personally tho i hated it, but if u like simple colorful calming games here ya go."
,Recommended,314020,25407974,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Blingtron,"TLDR: The art alone is worth the price of this game (especially on sale), but don't expect to be blown away by the gameplay.----------------------Long review:First off let me say that I love puzzle games, and I'm always a sucker for an artistic or atmospheric game, even if the gameplay is trivial. I was ready to love this game. Unfortunately it has some serious shortcomings that prohibit me from loving it.The art is amazing, we all agree on that. The artists spent a lot of time on it, and it's obvious that the whole team had a great idea for a game. The bad part is the controls. They are so bad. Like why, WHY can't I just use WASD to control the bug? Click and hold is terrible. Even if it's designed for touch screen, that is still a terrible way to move around. Frequently (the whole time) I would be clicking for an item, and accidentally move to the adjacent frame. Which you can't cancel, you have to wait for the animation, then go back to where you were. Super annoying.Also getting around the environment is not very intuitive, and it's not always clear that there are pathways to other areas. This could be considered a pro if you're into exploration, but the controls are so slow and annoying that it isn't fun at all to explore. Then many of the puzzles suffer from♥♥♥♥♥♥controls as well. The last puzzle was infuriating, and would have been pretty easy with proper controls.Which leads into another downfall... poor puzzle design. Some were good. The moth mosaic was very satisfying, and I would absolutely play a game consisting solely of that puzzle. Others were just straight up annoying or felt like busy work.In any case, this game is cheap, and it was worth it to me to support the devs with less money than I would give to a homeless person, even if it was for the art alone. I had some fun in the short amount of time it took me to beat it. I look forward to what they come up with in the future, and I hope that they manage the gameplay a little better for future projects."
,Recommended,314020,25410624,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bob,"An enjoyable game.  The music and art were well done.  I enjoyed the puzzles.  It's an intentionally slow-paced game, but even so, it's pretty short.  Relaxing and fun."
,Recommended,314020,21025240,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Defender of Asa Bay,Great little game with a beautiful artstyle and a very interesting idea behind it.
76561198062283645,Recommended,314020,30715935,Posted: 24 March,all,Demolition,Unique short atmospheric adventure / hidden object game. Some puzzles are very hard and two bugs in the game prevented solving it in a single evening. Beautiful graphics with a touch of eew-bugs creep factor. Worth every penny when purchased at a 80% discount.
76561197976028334,Recommended,314020,17591631,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Get Burned!,"This was a fun little puzzle game that reminds me a lot of botanicula, only not as good. The art style is well done. The controls stink. Moving the character in a direction requires holding down the mouse button on the screen vaguely in the direction until the character slowly moves to that location."
,Recommended,314020,20385985,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Viporion,"It is an interesting game.The art style is uniqe. The puzzles can be irritating if you want to finish things quickly, but if you just sit down and really look at things, it is simple and elegant.This game is not for everyone, but I owuld advice people to atleast try it.It is not long and the paths you can take are not always clear, but somehow it is not irritating."
,Recommended,314020,20353315,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TimeCarnival,"You're an insect that gathers insects for other insects, which give you an insect puzzle to solve so you can evolve into another insect.Just don't buy it if you don't like insects. Also wait for it to be on sale."
,Not Recommended,314020,20393277,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,blankplanet,"Confusion. No button to exit the game - unforgivable. Tootling music, you may use it for your yoga lessons."
,Recommended,314020,20139249,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Subhuman Eric,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game rips so hard the last boss fight is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥yo them beetles are the root of evil yo you feel me
,Recommended,314020,16998514,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Uuu... Barracuda,"Beautifull and relaxing, mmm,,, maybe it's even more more better playing when you on trip ha ha ha ha,,,,"
,Recommended,314020,16998637,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Raven Venefica,"Morphopolis is incredibly beautiful and lush. It is a piece of art teeming with detail and depth. The game, on the other hand, is simple and short. It took me about 2.3 hours to complete all five stages (my additional time played was to get the rest of my card drops). I wouldn't say there is any story in the traditional sense, but there is definitely a depth to the game tapping into the micro/macrocosm that can let the player think about the environment they are playing in or just become immersed in the beautiful backgrounds. The actual puzzles are interesting and varied, but it would have been nice to see more of them per stage. I bought this when it was on sale for 19 cents and it was absolutely worth it. If you are looking for a short point and click-puzzle hybrid, then you should give this a try."
,Recommended,314020,17001191,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ovaltine,THIS GAME TOOK 6 HRS TO GET 3 CARDS
76561198074763789,Not Recommended,314020,17003009,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Da Fancy Antelope,"Oh wonderful, a glitchy find an object game for 5 god damn dollars.11/10"
76561198049371722,Not Recommended,314020,17006395,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,nobodywonder,have a really annoying game crash bug...guiding the bug is really annoying...otherwise would like this bug game3 bug/5 bug
,Recommended,314020,16935463,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,czech 2,0/10 - Too many bugs.
,Recommended,314020,15670484,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Raff,"Beautiful artwork and music and the puzzles are at a good level of difficulty, though not for the easily frustrated. The gameplay's nothing special but the atmosphere is amazing. Probably not worth $5 but definitely worth picking up on sale."
76561198097725522,Recommended,314020,15680717,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,data30001,"Wow ! Surreal Bug's lifeRemind me to ""Fantastic Planet"" Movie awww7.5/10"
,Recommended,314020,15749406,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"Artsy hidden object points&click game. The puzzles are decent and the objects are hard enough to find. There is a hint button with a fairly low cooldown that points to a missed object if there is one in the area of use, or plays a sound meaning there is no hidden object here. There is no introduction or hints to the puzzles; you'll have to figure it all out yourself.Very clunky movement/pathing. Have to hold down the mouse button to move. A lot of backtracking and the bug is really slow.The art and music are fantastically atmospheric though. Play for a meditation type entertainment rather than mentally challenging, though some of the puzzles do take some brain work.All achievements are earned on first run. The ingame menu consists of 'to title menu' and 'return to game' and the title menu of chapter select and exit game. So options are extremely limited. There is no save button, and the puzzles have no exit button, so you'll have to restart level if you have to quit.The game is short; only five small levels with 2-6 areas in each.Recommended for the artsy, atmospheric, meditational feeling it has. All the small nuisances makes it not worth its price unless on sale though."
76561198039652077,Recommended,314020,15735305,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lurchis,"The gameplay is lacking and it is short, but it is relaxing and the art is really nice.  I wouldn't pay full price for it."
,Recommended,314020,16898171,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Da Vinci,Awesomne GAME !
,Not Recommended,314020,16901556,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,WhatDothLife,"I want to like this game but I cant get past the incredible annoyance the point/click (hold left mouse button forever) mechanic caused me. Competly took me out of what would've been an extremely plesent experience. Not to mention that this annoyance is blown out of proportion by the makers not providing any sort of instruction any puzzle save the first inital scene. What was wonder and happiness turned to bitter yelling due to the same mouse button being used to move as to click on mission items causing you to move everytime you went to click on anything, its hard to explain with words, but once you get to the second level, you will understand. The speed at which the characters walk it is absurdly slow at points, adds to the rage of accidently exiting to a different screen.Decent in-game ambient music, a bit too serene for my liking, but it has its charm, quite possibly worth the purchase for the music and art itself. Entertaining game just stressful for people who like to the point games (myself included).NOT INTEDED FOR PEOPLE WHO SUFFER FROM HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE AND QUICK TEMPERS, YOU COULD POSSIBLY DIE!!!!"
,Recommended,314020,16904406,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,dealer,"A very laid back gaming experience, you go through a point&click adventure beginning as a small catapillar and then morphing into larger insects as you go throughout the game. You will find yourself looking for objects in a certain amount, and when you reach that amount of objects it takes you to a small puzzle. Complete the puzzles and move further in the game by going inside the insect you're helping.The Puzzles are very simple if you take the time to think things through, and the only downfall of the game is the walking animation takes FOREVER. Seriously, these insects walk slow, and it will make you become very impatient. (If you're like me).I recommend using the walking animation time to check out the amazing art done for the game, the backgrounds are really beautiful with lots of color and imagination, the game itself is of beautiful design.Achievements are very easy to come by, I know I felt very refreshed when getting all the achievements in one go.You will not regret playing!"
,Recommended,314020,16907300,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,xerxeArt,"This is a short fun game with find-the-object and a few puzzlesPROS:+ The music is nice+ The graphics are colourful+ PuzzlesCONS:- Some parts are so SLOW and require much patience- The final puzzle is very tedious- Insects, insects everywhere!"
,Recommended,314020,16867997,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,hedgemaze,"I felt compelled to check out this game when it was on sale for $.19, because how could such a beautiful looking puzzler be only $.19? I'm so glad I did. This is a very small, quirky game, but it's a beautiful little gem well worth your time.The music and hand-drawn insect and nature art create a very peaceful, otherworldly atmosphere to explore. There are no words or text instructions, but the game has a hint button which will highlight your next step if you can't figure out what to do next. Gameplay is basically hidden item-gathering exploration, interspersed with a puzzle in each chapter. The game progresses in a way that feels natural to understand. The puzzles can be tricky, but not impossible, and everything about the game is satisfying when you figure things out on your own. That said, if you get totally stuck on a puzzle and need a nudge in the right direction, check out the excellent Steam guides people have written.Some caveats: There are five chapters, and if you close the game in the middle of a chapter, you'll have to start from the beginning of that chapter again. I can't find this as a flaw since the chapters take so little time to complete (you can finish the game with all achievements in 2-3 hours), but it's something to know before you play.You also can't close the game during a puzzle, but again, most of them don't take very long to solve. One reviewer complained that puzzles have no reset button if you mess them up, but none of them can be messed up except the chapter 4 puzzle, which does have a reset button (the yellow spot on the right of the puzzle).This is a very small, lovely little world to spend a couple of hours in, and I recommend it."
76561197975985893,Recommended,314020,16869040,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gallifrey,"Beautiful graphics.  Takes about 3 hours to guide your 'insect' through 5 stages.  You have to collect things blended into the background and solve several puzzles.  The game saves after each stage but there is no manual save.  In most cases I dislike that but in this case it would have been excessive.  You just have to relax and imagine you're exploring a new world and take it as it comes.  If you're completely stuck, there is help to find the hidden items but the puzzles just have to be solved.  Great deal for the quality!"
,Recommended,314020,16870618,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,!rx3bv00nk,"Very peaceful and atmospheric)) I like insects as much as any other living beings, including plants, mushrooms and yogurt/cheese bacterial cultures)))"
76561198125306332,Recommended,314020,16872131,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AudienceSmile,"Amazing Art Style but the controls and gameplay is funky and boring, it's fun when you're bored AF. 7/10"
76561198046881600,Recommended,314020,16872950,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,crossfiredude,"First off, know that this is an ""art game"". It is extremely laid-back and casual, and there is no rush or time limits. The character movements are a bit buggy (pun intented) and jerky at times, which really takes away from the game as a whole.Play this game if you enjoy artsy games like Flow and Flower, or even the 1st level of Spore. It feels a bit like you're looking at a beautiful painting and imagining all the movements in your mind, but they ARE actually happening. Speaking of the graphics, they are very well done, with close up and background objects blurry, and the midground in-focus.This game left me wanting more, as the ending was a bit abrupt. Totally room for expansion if the developers wanted to pursue that, but who knows if that will happen."
76561198042495962,Not Recommended,314020,16874696,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Freeboot,"The only satisfying part of the game was feeling like you were 'cleaning up'. Infuriatingly anti-intuitive, the game would have taken less than 30 minutes to complete if the bug you control (why is this even a thing?) wasn't so damn slow/bad a path-finding/going the wrong direction. I bought it for the pretty art style and the (inaccurate) comparison to Botanicula, maybe it would have been better as a dynamic desktop wallpaper. If you're looking for an artsy, relaxing, point-and-click puzzle game of similar length, play Windowsill. If you want to play something like Botanicula, play Botanicula again."
,Recommended,314020,16788581,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,B2H,"Feels like a game you would play at the museum of natural history on a touch screen monitor. Which is great because I LOVE MUSEUMS!Pro's- Well designed, eductive and only costs 0,19$.Con's- Some audiences would call it boring.- Broke down once already in my 20 minutes of play (got stuck with no options to exit)."
76561198067152484,Recommended,314020,16799608,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,FlawlessAzn,This game is really fun for those who want a 100% achievement collection and trading cards. You can easily beat the game in 3 hours. The last puzzle is pretty hard though.
76561198045242996,Recommended,314020,16799693,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Skeletor,Acid the game...
,Recommended,314020,16800653,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,skeyesogrey,Very Cute little game. Simple UI with some find hidden objects and logic puzzles. On sale this one's a no brainer. Even if you buy it at full price you're probably looking at a dollar per hour of game play. $2 to rattle your brain for a little while and look at some nice artwork isn't bad.
,Not Recommended,314020,16804695,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jarna,"Yes, the artwork is very pretty, but unless you are a masochist and enjoy vast amounts of aimless clicking in the hope that something will happen, or watching an insect crawl painfully slowly across the screen, do not buy this game. Take your money and give it to the homeless man down the street instead - it will be much more rewarding.If you do have a moment of madness and buy it, note that it is obviously designed for touchscreens, and if you're using a mouse you'll need to hold it about two inches further along than where you're trying to move in order to get there."
76561198101452651,Recommended,314020,16807342,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ajax,"Very nice game. It has a variety of relatively easy but interesting puzzles, soothing background music and great artwork as others have already mentioned. The slow movement of your insect may be a little frustrating if you are stuck at the same level for a long time but it is not very big of a deal. I recommend it."
,Recommended,314020,16808583,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,iceicebaby,Vibrant colors and pleasant music to the ears. Simple puzzle games which can be completed without hints. Though hints are provided if you are stuck. Can be completed within 2 hours. Definitely worth the $0.22 I paid for Morphopolis! Will recommend my friends this game (Y)
,Recommended,314020,17481930,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MxDem,"This is one of those ""Is this a game?"" kind of adventures. But who cares anymore? It's a beautiful piece of art, there are some things to consider before buying it for the full price:Pros:* Absolutely beautiful to see* Some nice and not too hard find-the-objects action* Original and clever little puzzlesCons:* Didn't have any sound for me, for some reason* Some puzzles are way too hard, I found myself clicking randomly in two of them* It can ve reaaaaally slow to go from A to B* Even with all the puzzles and walking around it is very short, took me 1.6 hours to complete (Please don't refund it, guys)* Achievements are meaningless, you get them just by progressing and there's 100% possibility in having all of them just by finishing the game* No replay valueAll in all, I liked it. Even though there are more Cons than Pros it is still a refreshing piece of adventure but I wouldn't spend the retail price on it. Good thing I bought it as a sale"
,Recommended,314020,17483109,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Solid Snake,"I wouldn't buy it for $5. but for a buck, it's a great puzzler for about two hours.  Don't buy if you don't like bugs."
76561198109565005,Recommended,314020,17487068,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,simshady,"Bueatiful, gentle game with a lovely soundtrack. One to play when you want some peace in your life. :)"
76561198068099933,Recommended,314020,15367034,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kg,"A short and relaxing point-and-click with gorgeous art style and some minor puzzles thrown in for good measure. I breezed through most of the puzzles, most are very easy, but the last one had me scratching my head for a while.The art style and atmosphere alone makes this one worthwhile."
76561198056324539,Not Recommended,314020,15448675,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jimbeaux2,I would like very much to recommend this game.  The colors are vivid.  The drawing is beautiful.  The music is good.  It is the mechanics.  My copy keeps locking upl  I use a mouse and the insects do not move.  The help finger does not always work.  I am using Windows 7 and have reloaded it a second time.  Nothing seems to work.
,Recommended,314020,15513417,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Infen Zenex,"Neat, easy game. Good buy for the price. Probably better for younger people (?). For us nerds, it's an easy single-sitting 100% achievement title that also has trading cards. Not a bad deal overall."
,Not Recommended,314020,15515528,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Rhy,"Another stupid, short, easy 100%3/10Horrible point and click interface too."
,Recommended,314020,15517563,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SwordProdigy,"Its a cute little puzzle game with good music and good artstyle!I recommend this game if you want to pass the time.Only downside, i wish this game was a little longer.."
76561198001156514,Recommended,314020,15388055,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,pcmikeoftheup,"Great game, challenging, but not to the point of frustration. Only wish it had more levels. Probably for the best as it tends to make hours go by like minutes."
76561198082713460,Recommended,314020,15389002,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,REMAG-7 CS.MONEY,good
76561198019024094,Recommended,314020,15394648,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Gilad,"Very nice to look at, but controls can be furstrating, lots of unintended moves that needs to be completed before you can attempt to move again."
76561197972076777,Recommended,314020,15403548,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"A very nice little game with incredible graphics and beautiful music. Simple logical puzzles and searching for hidden objects in the insect microcosm. However, it's a pity the game teaches nearly nothing about entomology. Too bad that such an opportuinity was wasted."
,Recommended,314020,15406055,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Frosty Grin,"Gorgeous art and music, interesting gameplay, somewhat similar to Botanicula. But it's a little fatiguing with a mouse - would likely feel better on a touchscreen display (not surprising, considering that it's a port from tablets)."
76561198079069274,Recommended,314020,15355121,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,~Sandwidges~,"This is a great short game, very reaxing and very, very beautiful.I had great enjoyment out of this game and I do believe that it could have the potential to become great with a seqel it would just need a gripping story and a more grasping feel to it."
76561198073566422,Recommended,314020,15357296,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Assassinamento,"Very Short, but really fun to play!Reminds me of Botanicula9/10"
,Recommended,314020,15419877,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Nothins,"I dont wanna give spoliers, but its a little creepy at the endings of all but hte last level if you think about it. Makes my bug phobia a hell of a lot worse, and it really doesnt need that. Other then that, its a simple game, not really boring, or anything, and the puzzels can take a little bit of time. its nice.Worth it if you like hide n seek type games. but its also only 5 levels long"
,Recommended,314020,15615325,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sharpeye468,"This game would be well worth the 5.50 that you paid for it. I got it on sale for 21 cents from the steam sales, and originally thought it would just be an alt-tab out game and just farm the trading cards, but it turned into an actually decent and fun game.Pros:-The game was cheap-Gameplay was pretty fun-Puzzles that made you think hardCons:-Fairly short game-There could have been more explaining done for tasks.Overall is was a solid 8/10 game in my books, and should be in your steam library!"
,Recommended,314020,16012016,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,lische,"Morphopolis in a nutshell: an aggregation ofitem search, puzzle,andinteractive graphic novel. There is actually no story to speak of, by the time you play the first chapter, it may seemvaguewhat the objectives are, and it will certainly be the casethe entire game. A little warning though, this game is not for everyone (especially if you aren't a fan ofpatient, slow pacedgames. But I'm sure some will be proselyted by the game's visual and auditory appeal.8/10"
,Recommended,314020,18863691,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,C@$H--[1138],"Beautiful game, would be amazing if the game was playable & had more than 2FPS. Other than the broken gameplay this would be an amazing game with even better artwork."
,Not Recommended,314020,18882802,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,LazyLame,"Is this children game? Puzzles are extremely easy but you are hijacking dead bugs that you have assembly first.This game should be marked as pointing simulator because that is everything you do. Just point to right top corner and wait for your extremely slow zombie bug to get there so you can collect few colorful bugs and than back down again.Only positive thing of this game is beautiful design, but otherwise..."
,Recommended,314020,18894082,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,"Easy, pretty game. Takes a relaxing 1 hour to reach last of level 5. Where they sadly put a way to hard puzzle"
,Recommended,314020,23288370,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,JeffJackleberry,"As someone who is actively working with designs that require hours of work, I can say that this game is a work of art. I loved the designs! Just a little bit further into the game and it becomes obvious that every inch of Morphopolis was created with dedication and enthusiasm wrapped with art.If you're into a slow-paced, relaxing, artsy game with a side of puzzle stuff, I'd recommend it. 7/10"
76561198017642220,Recommended,314020,23577697,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,queenmoreta,Well I enjoyed this game. It was a lovely little romp through a pretty environment. The gameplay and music is relaxing and the visuals are beautiful. Just a shame it is rather short.
76561198168421210,Recommended,314020,23288721,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Volvet,"The game is beautiful, very colorful and imaginative, and that is all that you would want from a game like this.I'm pretty sure that If you are very bored this could consume 2 hours of your time just looking at the artwork.The mechanics are nothing to write home about and the puzzles are kinda neat... but very simple (also the bug is slow AF).Overall I would rate Morphopolis an 7.5/10"
,Recommended,314020,24444220,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LUTHER,i like it. play now !
,Recommended,314020,29110993,Posted: 8 January,all,[hlife] Hotdog,"An interesting spin on the old hidden object puzzle game, you control an insect that can follow set paths to get to different screens to find the hidden objects. This was actually really difficult. The art style means that there aren't any 'visual anomalies' to look for that you often find in other traditional hidden object games. Some objects will also be hidden behind another object that you have to solve its puzzle to make it move. On top of that, there's a puzzle to solve in each chapter which proved to be really difficult.It's not perfect. There's little to no explanation on how to do anything in the game. The scenes are very crowded and it can be frustrating to move the insect around or even figure out where to go. I had to use a walkthrough once or twice because game mechanics were not explained and I couldn't progress.Surprisingly enjoyable though."
,Recommended,314020,22513505,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,NoLimit,"Went in with the same expectations as Tiny Bang Story and Botanicula, but it wasn't quite up there.GameplayYou take control of small insects and you crawl into bigger insects to revive them, which then crawl into bigger insects etc. The game is inspired by games likeMachinarium, Botanicula and Tiny Bang Story. It definitely shows! The biggest flaw this game are the controls. They feel stiff and sometimes boring. Your character moves slow and it can be quite frustrating to collect stuff, because you have to wait for the next picture to pan.GraphicsCartoonish art style is the best way to describe this game. It is obvious to see it is drawn by hand with these lucid and fantasy colors. It is a perfect interpretation of what is like being on drugs. It's not my cup of tea, but it definitely has an unique art style.SoundSoundtrack is relaxing, just as it should. You can tell it is here they drew a lot of inspiration from Tiny Bang Story, which is one my favorite soundtracks of all time. Beautiful piano medleys throughout the whole game.VerdictIt is definitely not as good as the more mainstream point-and-click adventure games, but it never claims to be. It is a fun and short game, which all fans of these types of game should experience. The price is definitely worth it too."
,Recommended,314020,29997044,Posted: 17 February,all,BoomerScott,"Fun, casual game, chill atmospere. This game is quite short, but still worth two bucks and 49 cents is a bargain. Challenging in spots but easy enough to figure out without help if you're persistent."
,Recommended,314020,29550611,Posted: 28 January,all,[NL] GreenComp [Greenline™],"Nice puzzle game for a few hours bored time, got it at a 90% sale, for that its worth it"
76561198031529307,Not Recommended,314020,23771105,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,actionorb,"4/10+++ It's a puzzle game with challenging puzzles, which is good an worth it's price if you like puzzles. would rate it 4/10 because of that, but:--- horrible controlls--- character moves annoyingly slow- the game could be cleared in half the time (about 45-60mins instead of 120mins) if the character would move faster and if the controlls were better-- I dont like the art style very much and I dont like insects- boring story (haha, there is none: solve riddles, crawl inside a giant insect, repeat x5)- unsatisfiying ending (crawl inside a cave)"
,Not Recommended,314020,29306319,Posted: 16 January,all,Lt. Labcoat,"So it's a pretty standard hidden object with added occasional puzzles game, but with two MAJOR problems: firstly, it's slow. Both the animations and, more importantly, how long it takes to just move to the next screen. Secondly, the puzzles are really lame, basic ones that you'd expect from a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥flash game (I mean, we're talking Simon and Memorisation Cards levels of lame). The art is cool, but the slowness means you'll be staring at the same images for quite some time.In other words, even at it's really low price, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561197998471501,Not Recommended,314020,29395777,Posted: 21 January,all,the_abyss_walker,"This game is a beautiful creation. Artistically, it's stunning.  But the amount of backtracking is killing it. Also devs made goals nad puzzles so unclear that you discover solutions either by mistake or following a walktru.I wanted to like this game, its looks so good and relaxing, but bad gameplay made it silmply annoying."
,Not Recommended,314020,29377894,Posted: 20 January,all,KDD!^agof,"Short inconsistent HOPA with unclear goals, incoherent narrative, unfitting control method, bad hiboxes and underwhelming ending.Level-design mostly consistent of slow backtracking with occasional puzzle bit. But art is somewhat nice.If you are ready to tolerate all that — the price is rather fitting."
76561198335403099,Recommended,314020,29380581,Posted: 20 January,all,Pavkata,Awesome
,Recommended,314020,29343502,Posted: 18 January,all,Kayn,"MorphopolisIts a very chilled laid back game. The puzzles and hard but mamageble, the graphics aren very nice and the art style is very neat. The pros of this game are that is very cheap, its very nice to play in your free time when ou are stressed or just not having a good day. The cons however are that the game is very short, i found myself completeing it in 1.3 hours and i felt sad that its over, also , your character i found it moves way to slow. Overall I really enjoied my experience playing this game and I woud give this game a 7/10 woud recomend if you had nothing else to do."
,Recommended,314020,29334229,Posted: 18 January,all,Lebenberg,Juicy graphical design.Pretty simple but satisfying puzzles.~40 min of gameplay.
,Recommended,314020,29296364,Posted: 16 January,all,Rich Kristofer,"This game tastes like Paisley!Very short, point and click, easy puzzle game.Trundle your bug around and randomly click on things in your path.. or that just look different; to reveal collectables needed to start the puzzles; and move you forward through the scenes.Easy 100%."
,Recommended,314020,29308209,Posted: 16 January,all,dewbertb,"This cute, visually-attractive short game reminds me of a cross between Where's Waldo and Myst with bugs. The variety in the puzzles kept things from getting too repetitive and tedious. I really like the artistic style of this little game!"
,Recommended,314020,29510627,Posted: 26 January,all,Belemon,"Great art, lovely animation. The insects are correctly drawn (sometimes they lack legs and wings on the other side of the body, but it's ok), plants are like in old medieval books.Just a little piece of art. Nothing extremely special."
76561198160778142,Recommended,314020,29523206,Posted: 27 January,all,Paws,"It's a nice game. The art is stunning, and as much as it seems simple, it does challenge your brain with the riddles, tickling different brain areas. It's still a well made game and a pleasant way to spend your timeif you don't have anything better to do."
,Recommended,314020,29525051,Posted: 27 January,all,DoomPickle,Beautiful artwork.
76561198069492320,Recommended,314020,29497486,Posted: 26 January,all,baskaajis,"Quite simple and not very long, but still gives a bit of a chllenge with the puzzles. The music is very atmospheric and artwork is stunning."
76561198097611047,Recommended,314020,29498369,Posted: 26 January,all,sammoticus proximo,"Pros:> funky cool art> very relaxing music> relatively quick puzzle solvingCons:> pretty sure each level ends with your bug self getting eaten by the next rung in the food chain> lack of clear direction> that ♥♥♥♥ing beetle slider puzzle> no replay valueAnother easy 100% for your achievement stats. Not bad for the price if you grab it on sale. However, it's not engaging and it's difficult to go and figure out what's next or some puzzle goals without checking a guide as there's zero instruction anywhere. For a simple enough game like this, most of the time it's not necessary but one or two puzzles aren't clear off the bat."
,Recommended,314020,29734245,Posted: 5 February,all,Bxbx,cool animated game xd
76561198005271335,Recommended,314020,29779870,Posted: 8 February,all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:A very simple and very unique point-and-click puzzle game.So, this is a short game about the life of the insects (but not really). It's point&click puzzle game, with very chill vibe to it. The story (if one may call it) is really short and consists of 5 missions, each taking anything from 5 to 20 minutes to complete.Controls are a bit lackluster, but absolutely nothing to worry about in such a short game. Puzzles are pretty simple, except for the very last one (took me around 15 minutes to solve).Visual aesthetics are the main selling point of the game, I think -- hand-drawn insects look pretty unique, I don't think I've seen anything like this game before. It looks an illustration that came alive out of some some old biology book.Overall, this game is a great way to spend an hour, if you don't have anything better to do. I would definitely recommend it to people who enjoy an occasional puzzle or two.Extra points for not having any bugs (except for those that are, you know, actual bugs -- as in, insects)!"
,Recommended,314020,29661214,Posted: 2 February,all,01100110,"Nope.... Nope Simulator.... (with puzzle of course)really relaxing, not too bad for a spare time killer game, easy achivement (way too easy). no direction, no menu, no objective no tutorial. this game is quite stressful in some part. tricky enough."
76561198101597174,Recommended,314020,28886857,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,curtis,不容易上手，开始不清楚开发者给的玩家定的规则，美术可以，虫子太多太多了，解谜不算难
76561197993699812,Recommended,314020,29190822,Posted: 11 January,all,[Mb] Killian,Morphopolis is an amazing Flash stile puzzle.
,Recommended,314020,32966826,Posted: 28 June,all,kitteneyejo,"4/5relaxing, colorful, and makes you work your brainonly complaints are that at times the player character's speed is frustratingly slow, and that i want more!"
76561198372064534,Recommended,314020,32480247,Posted: 16 June,all,Rebecca,This game is just beautiful and great made. But it is short and not really complicated. This game is for people who enjoy dreamng while playing and try to relax.  In this case the game is perfect.
,Recommended,314020,32744896,Posted: 24 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,sick puzzle game for crazy men. Not for colorblind gamers!
76561198151151395,Recommended,314020,32836839,Posted: 26 June,all,el.lalotreto,Beautiful little game.
76561198165533399,Not Recommended,314020,32826099,Posted: 26 June,all,bognairenea,"Starting from best to worst:1) Fresh idea - I played as many things, but never a bug.2) Minigames are fine - nothing I haven't seen before, but nicely done.3) Visualy the game is no masterpiece. Hand-drawn, OK, but the shapes and colours seem random, chaotic.4) Music is so boring and repetitive that it literally put an innocent bystander to sleep. That's what's supposed to be relaxing here, I guess.5) Each chapter is pretty much the same. At second one you already know what to click, what will be gathered and what creature you're be biting into.6) The controls are made in HELL ITSELF.a) There are some random points near corners on some boards that makes the bug go in unpredicted direction (eg. you click at the bottom of last board and it goes up to the next).b) Once you start crossing from board to board, there's no stopping or going back until it's on the other side - and that takes AGES (so does waiting for gathered items to float to inventory).c) If you hold the mouse clicked a second too long while going to next board, you might get sent back to the previous one (again, no stopping before the action is completed).d) There's no saying where you can pass and where not.e) Changing direction is animated as a sudden flip that personally flips me out. The whole game is soooo sloooow and then you have those random jumps out of nowhere. Vietnam flashbacks or what?f) You have to drag the bug every step of the way (and it's moving very slowly), each time, every time.g) You can't stop in between boards (although they are fully drawn and animated) and you can't skip to them either.Enough, this is getting too long.TL;DR: the game is not relaxing, it's just extremly slow, repetitive and frustrating."
76561198131515132,Recommended,314020,32858653,Posted: 27 June,all,The Stalking Chicken,"Morphopolis is an adorable adventure/puzzle-solving game that takes you into the world of a small bug! I highly recommend this game- not just because of the lovely story-book-drawing-like backrounds - but also because the puzzles are creative, and some are accually quite challenging. It might be short, but I got it on sale for 50c so I think it's definitly worth that.Enjoy! :)"
,Recommended,314020,32810559,Posted: 26 June,all,Hunterants,Best puzzle game ever.
,Recommended,314020,16196370,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[BOT],Its more like an art than a game.
76561198289103905,Recommended,314020,30142557,Posted: 24 February,all,Zorux,A unique and peaceful game. Well done.
,Not Recommended,314020,25296543,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fractal Fischer,"Within 5 seconds of starting there is literally no interaction. It becomes a wallpaper with music. I pulled up a community guide to see what I was doing wrong, and the whole first section is a thesis on how to keep it from crashing.Yeah, I'm just gonna go ahead and cut my losses here..."
,Recommended,314020,29456472,Posted: 23 January,all,Gamer In The Shell,This is one of the most beauitful puzzle/hidden object hybrid games I have ever played. Every scenery or level you come upon feels like it could be a painting.Games basically a steal at $1 for how much gameplay you get out of it.
,Not Recommended,314020,30095621,Posted: 22 February,all,Frygar,"It's going to make you want to re-play Botanicula. It's artstyle is definitly it's strongest point, It's got sort of a yellow submarine vibe. Soundtrack fits and that's pretty much it.It's your standard point and click kleptomaniac adventure, you play as an insect who's trying to do an impression of russian nesting dolls by routinely taking over the brains of vegative insects and piloting them into larger insects. There are a couple of clever minigames inbetween the cleptomainiac collecting but there just aren't enough. Sort of my problem with the whole game really, it feels way too short and yet still feels incredibly  padded in every area.Point and click adventure games are one of the oldest forms of game, yet developers still manage to ♥♥♥♥ them up. The walk speed is horrible and the puzzles are never based off logic, although I do like how the game just tells you what objects you need to progress, (rather than doing the normal adventure game rigamarole of throwing every item at a door in the hope it somehow creates progress) it does get pretty boring.It's a shame really, I like the concept, and the art style and music are good and it's got a lot of heart in it; it just stumbles, tripps and♥♥♥♥♥♥s itself in the gameplay and story division."
76561198177049714,Not Recommended,314020,30200171,Posted: 26 February,all,gingerrocketeer,UGH! How frustrating can a game be?! There is logic behind this game. Glad that I got it on sale and didn't pay full price for it. I feel like I missed the instructions or tutorial.... Oh wait. There are no instruction. Its the most frustrating guessing game.
76561198143106848,Recommended,314020,30251181,Posted: 28 February,all,mariajawl,"Morphopolis combines classic puzzles with searching for hidden object, I'm not the massive fan of the latter but I haven't played any in a while so I enjoyed it. Visuals were really nice, totally the game's best point. Controlling the bug is a bit flawed and sometimes it wasn't clear how to interact with objects and I have to admit it could get annoying but still my overall impression is good. It doesn't take much time to crack the game but considering the price it was more than enough."
76561198126711608,Recommended,314020,24764840,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Javos,"Pros-Great Art.-Awesome Music.-Cheap Game.-Beautiful Atmosphere.-Play as an insect.Cons-Too short.Summary: Really enjoyed this game, got the soundtrack in my favorite playlist in YouTube. 10/10"
,Recommended,314020,30304245,Posted: 3 March,all,VomAdminEditiert,"The game itself is really beautiful. However, it becomes unplayable after a certain amount of time, simple because the whole game slowes down. I know, i've read that this can happen if you click on yourself too often, but it happens generally for me.EDIT: So I finally found a fix for my Problem. It seems like the game exe was set to compatiblity mode, unmarked the box and now it works perfectly."
,Not Recommended,314020,23448770,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Clone,"Lacks a mid-level save feature, and some levels are very lengthy. Easy to accidentally 'quit' through the use of non-sense arbitrary menu icons instead of text. Does not warn you that you will lose what may amount to 45-60 minutes of gameplay. Controls are god-awful, your insect moves painfully slowly, and will often refuse to follow the commnds of your cursor, deciding to go whichever way it wants. The game has you crawling (craaaawling) around collecting hidden objects, only to find out, after 'beating' the boss, you must go back to collect all these amber blobs around the map. Since it takes forever to navigate through the levels of a screen it's a horrible experience. Walking slowly, trudging up and down the plants. Most of this game feels like filler. One of the puzzles is literally impossible to accomplish without a video (Reconstruct a Plant in Level 4). Some of the puzzles are interesting and well designed, others feel like unguided nonsense. Overall, this is a miss.Great visual design, bad game design."
,Recommended,314020,20863547,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ＷｒａｔｈＨＤ,"This game is awesome I have got to say, I mean the soundtrack is just relaxing and the art just matches the music. The Developers did a great job on this one."
,Recommended,314020,25208964,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Edvardius,"Very pretty, little and aesthetic experience."
,Recommended,314020,33671447,Posted: 20 July,all,Marujo,"This game has nice puzzles !Practically the game consists of collecting objects on the map and solve puzzles.The collecting part requires patience. Although, It was fun."
76561198059924077,Recommended,314020,27679716,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Recovering Ice cream addict,Just amazing i've spent 3 hours playing this game and im still struck. From its calming soundtrack to its striking artwork.Buy this game if you want an experince of a life time
,Recommended,314020,34299638,Posted: 16 August,all,Bionicnudeboy,1 word:WOW
,Recommended,314020,34723877,Posted: 3 September,all,Catt the Unicorn,"Short, sweet, and entertaining."
76561198081014900,Recommended,314020,35010505,Posted: 16 September,all,HapukaDutchman,artistic. very pretty
76561198194147245,Recommended,314020,35230143,Posted: 26 September,all,jolex,"Short, relaxing hidden object game with small puzzles set in the marvelous hand-drawn world of flora and insects."
76561198016487911,Not Recommended,314020,35268755,Posted: 28 September,all,CargoRunner,"I bought this as it was an honorary mention in an online ""best games of the year"" set of awards. So maybe it was good on a tablet. It is just not good on a PC.It has a unique art style which is the best feature of the game. It certainly looks good. There are no instructions, no clues on what the menu options are, how to save the game or if it autosaves. I lost my level progress several times pressing random icons hoping one was a save game option. I don't think there is a save game option. If you are mid level and something comes up and you need to go out. You lose all your progress. It is just frustrating. But what kills the game dead are the frustrating controls. They are slow to respond. The bug moves very slowly. or the bug doesn't move and just turns left-right-left-right like crazy. You can hold the mouse down to the right of the bug, and the bug will move left. The art is nice to look at, but you have no clue where the bug can go. You guess what you need to do, or where you need to go. But it just doesn't seem to work. You eventually find out it was what you guessed all along. So you seem to fight the controls to complete the level. The ambient background music was fine, nothing special, but did not seem to relate to the world itself and so did not make the world feel alive.I expected the game to have a relaxing, fun, mysterious, exploration type feeling but I guess I was so frustrated by the controls I just wasn't enjoying the exploration at all. And it was just a feeling of ""No, please don't make me go all the way up to the top and back down again, not again.."". The world is just a static background, no leaf movements. There are no wind or ""plant"" sound effects. It just does not feel like a living world you are exploring. And when you finish the game there is no ending, you enter the temple and the screen goes dark. I was hoping to at least see the inside of the temple!Really creative unique art, unique idea. But I just cannot recommend playing this game at all, there are just so many other indie games out there that do the mystery and exploration genre better and without the frustrating controls."
76561197998647125,Not Recommended,314020,35282934,Posted: 28 September,all,Ominousfiber,"Colorful and interesting, but doesn't meet the 4$ price point. 2$ at best."
