user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314070,18414982,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,=(eG)= Sloan,I love this game. I have just lost my mom and mother in-law and my old faithful dog within 3 month period and the only thing that keeps me sane is Super Mega Baseball. The game stands true to every aspect of the real game. The way you can customize is absolutely a laugh a minute. I have put in over 200 hrs. Playing and I don’t look at stopping anytime soon. Great fun and recommended to all ages.
76561198132906873,Recommended,314070,17651241,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,TickleTh1sElmo,"TL;DR: You can tell that every ♥♥♥♥ing part of the game is made with a love of baseballI have been wanting a baseball game on PC for years, and it's no secret to PC gamers who are also huge baseball lovers that there is a huge lack of games for us. Sure, we have OOTP Baseball, but it's not a baseball game. I love it as much as the next sabermetric fan, but I wanted a game to actually play baseball. And then we had RBI Baseball, which was a letdown. So naturally, I was excited when Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings was announced. And now that it's finally here, it feels like after years of being deprived of a good baseball game has finally come to an end.Now, I only really have three complaints about the game, but they're sort of not even complaints at all. More like a couple of things I want added to the game in future updates.Let's get those CONS out of the way first:- Lack of sabermetric statsBaseball fans LOVE stats. We love OPS, WHIP, AVG, and ERA, and I'm glad those ones are in the game, but over the years, baseball has evolved to embrace much more in depth stats. I want to know the WAR, BB/K, ISOP, BB/PA, RC27, and G/F of my players.- Lack of customizing optionsI want some of those Chris Archer stirrups. I want my player to look like that 20-something Jaden Smith-looking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. My nasty slider needs the player look to match.- Lack of online multiplayerI want to have my Harry Butts dominate another man's bat. I mean, he has a 1.45 ERA, 11.4 K/9, and .122 OPP AVG. Let me show him off.And now we get to the PROS list:-The game is beautifulThe player models are clean and fun. the graphics are vibrant. And the stadiums. Oh the stadiums are gorgeous.- The gameplay is funIT'S BASEBALL. IT'S INSANELY FUN.- There are no special pitches or swingsTake notes, Backyard Sports. Nobody likes to play against a pitcher who makes the ball corkscrew while it digs underground and pop up only to burst into flames and then into the batter's♥♥♥♥♥ Super Mega Baseball is cartoony, but it's never cartoony in an unfair way.- Ego difficulty sliderI love this. You don't have an option of easy, medium, and hard difficulties to play on. You have an actual slider that sets the difficulty in small amounts.- The names of the playersYou know the names you think of when you think of baseball? Babe Ruth, Clayton Kershaw, Sandy Koufax, Wade Boggs, Joe Dimaggio, Mickey Mantle, Rollie Fingers, Gaylord Perry etc. They're baseball names. Their parents looked at them and thought, ""Bob doesn't sound like a name for a future Hall of Fame catcher. Let's name him Buster."" Well, in this game EVERY player has a baseball-sounding name. It's awesome.-It's a game-It's a baseball game-It's a baseball game on PC-It's a fantastic baseball game on PCWHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS REVIEW. BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.9 out of 10"
76561197993457856,Recommended,314070,18277758,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,skye,"Do you want a realistic, fully-featured, MLB-licensed game? Go play The Show. Do you want a super-detailed simulation of life in the front office? Play Out of the Park Baseball. Do you want a damn fine arcade-style baseball game that's easy to pick up but difficult to master, has insanely fun pitching mechancis, and a fine-tuned difficulty setting to ensure the AI is always giving you a good fight? Play this."
,Recommended,314070,17651374,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,chesticles,It's like Backyard Baseball all grown up!Slightly more involved than simply picking Pablo and dominating.
,Recommended,314070,17733606,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Gryer,"10/10 would KO a batter again!This game is one of the most surprising titles I have ever picked up on Steam.I got it under the assumption that this would probably be a super simplified game with the bare minimums by how it looked and hoped for the best...What I ended up buying was not only an amazingly fun and addictive baseball game, but a game with one heck of a lot more depth to it than you would assume by judging this game by it's cover.=== Gird your loins ye who read the full review below ===The batting in this game, completely on point.  The physics feel super tight and even in higher difficulties you don't feel like you're getting cheesed when you ground out or pop the ball a mile high.  If you swing on that pitch down in the strike zone and haven't reacted quick enough you know damn well you're going to ground out.  Everything feels very organic and proper as far as how the ball reacts. There are two different types of swings (plus bunting) : power and contact. You are also able to check your swing with both styles.For the most part the same can be said about the AI as far as their hitting goes; If you make your pitches and place them well you will get your outs and K's.  Again, feels very realistic despite it's cartoony graphics and light-hearted attitude.The pitching, my favorite part.  You have a plethora of pitches (8) to choose from, which is way more than enough considering every pitcher has the same choices. The pitches available are:  4 seam fastball (so-called Meatball), Cut fastball, 2 seam fastball, Slider, Screwball, Curveball, Changeup and a Forkball which is like a split finger fastball or Sinker as far as the movement goes.  You perform the pitch by first aiming for the spot you wish the ball to begin it's trajectory and then following the break of the ball.  You attempt to come as close to the break point marker (which appears after you start your windup) with your aim marker.   The closer to that spot you get the higher quality a pitch you perform. As with batting you have two different pitching styles available to you. Normal pitching and Power pitching. It is a very well done and fun system which I find more interesting than the common methods found in other baseball games like power sliders and such.As much as I appreciate and love the pitching in this game, I also feel it is an area of the game that has a lot of potential to be made better.  Not so with how you perform your pitches but that each pitcher should have their own set of pitches. Along with that system it would more easily open the doors to having upgradeable pitches for each of the pitchers as well.If you're familiar with baseball games and the game of baseball itself there is not much to go over with baserunning and fielding so I will not say much here.The fielding feels good but I can see people getting a little frustrated with how quickly (or slowly in this case) your fielders will move.  It feels very laborious at first but it is something you get used to and everyone's on the same playing field in that regard for the most part.  You can make awesome diving plays if you time it correctly as well as jump walls to reel in those homers you'd all but given up on.The baserunning, less to say here than the fielding.  Pretty much your basic baseball game here except you cannot be picked off on base by the pitcher.  The game uses an adaptive method, if it notices you are stealing a lot of bases it will start to give your runners less and less of a lead off.  That is one point of the game where it is lacking and unfortunately simplistic.The depth.Yes, depth! In case you haven't been convinced so far that there is more to this game than meets the eye, hopefully this will make it a bit more evident.As you play the game with your team in season mode you will be able to hire staff to help your team on their way.   Each member of staff you hire will have 3 modifiers to offer your players in four different categories.  Gear vendors, Trainers, Coaches and Stylists.  Your players will start out with a few slots open and available to have modifiers placed in and their stats will improve according to the type of modifier you set.  Each player can have up to a maximum of 7  slots for different types of modifiers that will be made available as you play through your seasons.  Any extra slots and bonus modifications you have done will persist from season to season with that team and you will eventually be able to make your players superstars, for lack of a better term.There is a bit of strategy behind this feature and you will also see the opposing teams players' improving in the same way as well.  In some cases even quicker than your own players if you did not approach the proper staff or applied your modifiers poorly.  For this part of the game I would recommend looking at SMB websites forums for a more in-depth description of the system itself just for a better understanding.There is also a decent amount of statistics in the game including (but not limited to ;) ) BABIP, AB/HR ratios, walk and XBH percentages, OPS/OBP/Slugging, Total Bases, etc.  And if by chance you don't know what any of these actually mean it is described in game.One more thing that adds to the depth of this game is the highly adjustable and customizable difficulty system, called ""Ego"".You can adjust the difficulty across the board, or you can go into what's called Ego mode and adjust the difficulty based on the positions you're playing.  For example, you could have batting and pitching at 50 Ego, but fielding and baserunning at 80 Ego so the game doesn't hold your hand as much for those bits.  It makes it very easy to find a difficulty which you feel comfortable playing at and that gives you a good run for your money sometimes.    The difficulty goes all the way from 1 Ego, through to 99 Ego.  Anything above 60-70 Ego (once you've gotten comfortable with how the pitches look and move) will give people who are familiar with baseball games a good challenge while at the same time feeling like it's a proper competition.An unfortunate truth that has been a big disappointment to many about this game is that there is no online multiplayer, nor is there plans for there to be in this game.   With any luck this game will have a sequel, which, from what I hear and have understood, online multiplayer will be one of the priorities for that as it has (quite understandably) been one of the most requested things by the community.If by chance you happen to have friends within couch distance the game does have one of the most fun co-op playstyles I have seen for local multiplayer and a baseball game in general.If you have stuck around to this sentence and read through the whole review I have written up, I commend you, and hope that this has given you a good idea to make a well informed decision.  This game and the team behind it truly deserve all the support they can get for this game.  It has amazing gameplay somewhat hidden behind it's cartoony facade.Thanks for reading. :)"
76561198057622074,Recommended,314070,31771008,Posted: 15 May,all,Veterinarius,"By far THE BEST baseball game on steam, scratch that it is the best baseball game on PC...ever...period. A must have for any baseball fan. It's a type of game that you just can't put down, you just come back for more, win or lose it doesn't matter cause you just can't feel bad when playing it. Don't let the funny graphics fool you this game has more simulation elements than any baseball i have ever played. Little algorithm called EGO makes it work. You can put it on 0 if you are just starting out or learning baseball basics and game will be fair and fun, or maybe you want tough challenge where you will need to put quite some time in unlocking some upgrades to make your team better. Then you can put EGO on 99 and♥♥♥♥♥♥some real blood :).The game itself doesn't have a franchise mode but great thing is if you keep same team you played a season before, when selecting new season you keep all your upgrades for your players. That makes it super addicting to play, no matter if you win or lose you will get some points after each game you finish. You get points for even getting a hit that is recorded an out, strikeouts, home runs, wins and so much more. Every new level you randomly get a new upgrade to make your fielder or pitcher better. You can upgrade everything from their fielding ability to making him a greatest slugger that ever walked the earth :). Every few levels you will unlock a contract with which you can hire a new coach, getting better gear to even new stylist that will give you the edge.The game can be deep as much as you like, you can play on some low EGO and just hit home runs for fun with no to very small challenge from AI, or plan upgrades for every single player on higher EGO. Fire that coach you are unhappy with and get new and better one, build your lineup like a real MLB manager, from your leadoff spot to clean up guy. You have all the freedom to make your perfect team, checking all the stats, learning how every single upgrade will make your players better, if you want you can get a lot of simulation elements. And by playing with same team from season to season you will never lose your managerial work. Personally that is the thing that keeps me coming for more :). Leveling up makes this game amazing. And that is great thing about it, you can play it like a straight arcade to a real baseball simulation.Appart from Ego a MOJO is also great addition, higher the mojo your player will be more hyped, a pitcher more precise, a hitter more likely to get that long shot to the moon. And by getting hits or forcing walks from AI pitcher his Mojo will come down and he will be more prone to make mistakes and throw that fat curveball in the middle of the plate.The game mostly follows rules of baseball, except every error is recorded like a single, but thats my only gripe. Also more ballparks would be nice :).If you are a baseball fan you owe it to yourself to get this game, it's a blast. Type of game i see myself putting 500+ hours in and still can't get enough of it. You just can't put it down, after closing the game it's just pulls me in for that  one more game  to see what is the next unlock, next upgrade to make my team better.Two thumbs up for developers, they made one AMAZING product and I can't wait for the sequel :)."
76561198008964177,Recommended,314070,17687107,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,tigersfan,"TL;DR - I've been having a lot of fun with this game. But it's not an MLB Simulator.Pros:- Fun baseball game. It has all the essentials to make it fun, including smart controls.- Organic, real feeling physics. There is no ""cheat spot"", you have to adjust your timing for every swing, and getting a tater feels like an accomplishment.- Original difficulty system. Make your games as easy or difficult as you want, very precisely.Cons:- No in-game save. Once a season game starts, you need to finish it or it will be recorded as a loss.- Some stats are weird, like, since there are no errors recorded, if you hit a grounder to first and the 1B flubs it... it's still a base hit. I understand why they do it this way, it just feels wrong to get a hit that way though.Bottom line, it's a baseball game in PC, and it's fun. Stick with OOTP for realism, and grab this to blast that hanging slider over the left field fence!"
,Recommended,314070,32770877,Posted: 25 June,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Now, listen, I'm not a baseball guy at all. I rarely play sports games anymore, in fact.But I gotta say,Super Mega Baseball: Extra Inningsis fantastic fun.It reminds me of playing the titleBASEBALLon NES with my father. Super simple to learn and pick up and play, and just a good time with lots of laughter and fun. I think that's where it really shines - with the easy-to-learn-controls. And obviously with the bobble-head like characters and goofy team names, it doesn't take itself too seriously as a baseball game. But I do think even hardcore fans of the sport would probably enjoy it.I had this on my radar for what feels like years now, and I think it's probably even worth full price especially if you see yourself playing alot of local."
76561197990766081,Recommended,314070,18465733,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Grendel,"A great sports game for PC, which seems to be somewhat of a rare thing.  There is no MLB license but what you have are great looking stadiums, lots of stats, and excellent gameplay.  The graphics in general are very good and the cartoonish style and names of the players give them character.  Hitting and pitching is what the game is all about and its very fun...fielding is there but not as in depth.  You can train your players, manage your team during a long season, and compete for leaderboard scores.  One of the best features is the Ego system which is a difficulty setting (from 1 to 100) that increases your points the higher level you play at.  I play at 50 right now after starting out lower...50 is where it starts to get difficult and I have close games...mostly losses but the system encourages you to get better slowly which is nice."
76561198140457477,Recommended,314070,17654846,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Rockpaper,Only played a little but I wanted to get this out there for people with concerns.  I was deeply worried about the controls as I prefer to use a mouse and keyboard.  In my first little game where I hopped in I had found the controls to be quite pleasant and I felt I was doing well right out of the gate for only my first game.  So in case anyone is worried I found 0 issues with keyboard and mouse controls.As far as the game....its fun.  Has a real nice atmosphere.  Im glad I bought it and Im glad devs are making games like this.Definitely worth the money in my book.
,Recommended,314070,25415966,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SYSTEM GLITCH,"This is a great baseball game that fills the itch quite well. Hitting feels good. Pitching is well done, with lots of options. The base running is okay.It reminds me of Baseball Stars of old, minus some of the customization depth of that old classic.A solid PC baseball game, made with love.Now we need to convince them to make a hockey version of this. Think 70's rough and tough, missing teeth and no hemets.... bloody hits, and broken legs. These guys could do it."
,Recommended,314070,17648355,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Equation™,"The game is alot of fun! It's taking me a while to get used to the controls, I'm now really good at batting though and can hit homeruns quite often, the graphics are real nice, very bright and ""cartoon-like"".I can confirm the optimization is good, the game runs really smooth 58fps constant with everything on the highest settings, 58fps seems to be the locked framerate on this game, this is run on a 960 GTX and an i7 3.4Ghz but to be fair I can't see why a much lower system would have any difficulty running it.Only downsides, I am using a 360 controller and it appears the game has no ""deadzone"" so if your analogue stick doesnt sit exactly back in the middle when you release it then the ""aim"" will move into the direction the stick is slightly set into which is a bit annoying.A little bit of deadzone input into the game would be nice.And.... No online multiplayer BoooooooooThis game deserves multiplayer, It would be a great addition!Overall I am really having fun with this game 8/10"
,Recommended,314070,17651256,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Insomniac,"Super Mega Baseball strikes a strong balance between the action and presentation of an arcade game and the depth of a sim. The offensive side of things is pretty standard stuff, but it's the pitching that has a surprising amount of meat on its bones. Lots of pitch types, a twitch-based cursor-and-target system, needing to mix things up to keep the hitter guessing - it's a wonderful system once you get the hang of it. Fielding is somewhat CPU-assisted (less so at higher difficulty levels) although you can still take manual control of your fielders to chase down fly balls, leap for line drives and dive for ground balls. All of these mechanics are layed out via a helpful in-game tutorial system that works quite well.I really like how the ""Ego"" difficulty system is implemented. It allows you to ease yourself in and gradually increase or decrease the challenge until you find your sweet spot. And I'm very satisfied with the quality of the port - Runs smoothly on my 7870 and has settings for AA (up to 16x), AF and shadow quality as well as Windowed Fullscreen support.SMB is lacking when it comes to varying modes, unfortunately. Exhibition and Season mode is it. Something like a HR Derby or the option to jump right into a playoff tournament would've been nice. There are also only six ballparks, though all six are well designed and full of life. Baserunning controls feel a little awkward at first but I'm certain it's something that will only require a bit of practice. And while there is local co-op, the absence of online multiplayer is disappointing.Despite its shortcomings, SMB's finely-tuned gameplay and charming personality make it a joy to play. Easily the best non-OOTP baseball game on PC since MVP 05, and recommended for both casual and devoted fans of the sport."
,Recommended,314070,17716612,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Orge Lambart,"So you want baseball.... you want a baseball game with all the thrills, all the spills, and the benches clear brawls.....Well... this game isn't that.. although it is still a pretty fun game to say the least.  The video and screen shots don't really do this game justice..  It's probably the best available baseball game on steam.   I'll list off some pros and cons for this game..Pros..Good baseball experience,Decent stat keeping,Fast Gameplay,Not too arcady,Adjustable difficulty...Unique take on improving your teamFun yet fairly challanging pitchingCons..Lack of MLB license (although this isn't a deal breaker)Baserunning can be a bit wonky,at times fielding can be a crap shoot, especially on in field grounders..Only about 15 teams,Longest season is 48 games...Lack of trades or Multiple seasonsIn spite of a few flaws I'd still highly recommend this game, it's the best baseball game on steam that you can actually play.   It's just arcady enough to be fun while not detracting away from the game itself..   A nice pick up and play title that will see you burning through a few hours and wondering how you spent so much time playing.Once you find the right difficulty setting the game will keep you really engaged.."
,Recommended,314070,20590078,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RockstarCRO,"Although steep in price, I'm sure sports fans from all ages will enjoy this one. I got it on sale and do not regret my purchase one bit. Yes, it's Baseball (my least favorite sport) represented in the form of a cartoon but it's game play does not lack whatsoever.First off, the game is local co-op. I just wanted to make sure everyone knows this because this is an awesome thing on steam. Second, the game play is also varied in it's works. At first, all the batting styles and pitching styles may seem relatively the same. Upon reading the instructions (as I usually do after an hour into the game) you can definitely mix up your style in order to meet the demands of the play. The batter can swing using ""A"" in which is a straight through swing. ""B"" will let you bunt while holding ""X"" will let you decide how much power to put into your swing. Alternatively, using the right thumb stick will let you sort of have a say in where the ball goes. This selection also uses a power setting in which starts at 0 and goes all the way up to 99 then back to 0. Timing is important in the game and plays a role from batting to pitching.When pitching (playing solo), the player will have to line up his pitch into a small box that is displayed. The game is even nice enough to show you where the ball is planning to go. These arrows may point in a different direction depending on what type of pitch you choose. I believe there are 8 different pitches to choose from including fast balls and forkballs. Playing local co-op though, there are no boxes displayed as to where you should line your shot up. This doesn't take away from the game as you can still get some fancy throws off.Playing out field is relatively simple and you'll feel almost in complete control of your players. ""LB"" tells all players to run around the bases while ""RB"" tells everyone to run back to the previous. You can tell individual players to run to certain bases and even play some tricks running back and fourth. Pressing ""RB"" while playing outfield will make your player jump while pressing ""RT"" will make them dive. These are fantastic features but can sometimes be slightly misleading. Spacing sometimes plays an issue as I'm unsure whether to press one of those buttons or not in fear of completely missing the ball. You, as the player have to give some time to the actual players to pick up the ball. The ball is throwing accordingly to the button layout (Y - 2nd base, X - third base, A - home and B - 1st base) and holding down the throw button brings up a power meter of how hard to throw the ball. Releasing at the right time will give you desired power. The controls overall are pretty on point and you'll be blaming yourself more than it for mess-ups. Level of difficulty can be adjusted but be aware, anything over 20 is pretty tough (and 20 is medium)! The teams also have different characteristic settings as some are better at bat than pitching. All teams have ridiculously funny names.The graphics are very enjoyable and the character designs are fantastic. Everything seems like it was taking slightly over the top but it's absolutely suiting. I wish they would add maybe one or two more arenas to play in. The ones that are given are none the less pretty.The local co-op scheme is absolutely phenomenal and well organized. Don't know whose pitching? Don't know whose batting? Don't know whose playing outfield? Don't know whose controlling what? Take a quick glance before the pitch is thrown and you'll see which player is assigned which task. Sounds are funny as the umpire will have you laughing when he sends you off the field (YOOOOOUUUURRRR OUTTAAAHEEERREEE isn't the start of it...  a deep low voice will be saying some random stuff that you'll have to listen to carefully to make out what the guys yelling in a mumbling fashion). From the bat making contact with the ball to the throws themselves, everything seems on point.Overall, a really fun baseball game that closely mimics a real one. Don't let the cartoon graphics fool you, this game will challenge you. Just wish there wasmultiplayer.RATING : 7.9/10GameplayBStory / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceBSounds / MusicBReplay-abilityB+OverallBScreenShots :What a home run looks likeA display of the teams and their unique abilitiesHe should of divedHey Arnold! is making his debut in base ballWhat a local co-op games looks like. Notice the P1 and P3 indicators just below the status bar and the number by the batter (indicating power)There is nothing more satisfying than hearing the ping from hitting the batter with the ball"
,Recommended,314070,23903400,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MOOSE! Rorius,"Probably could give a much longer review but I'll just some up the things I love about this1) Replay value- Many teams to play- Different length of seasons ( 16, 32, 48 ) + playoffs- Ego mode, leveling system, and staff (player boosts) allow you to always have a challenge2) Quality baseball mechanics- Not 100% of baseball rules/ tactics are there (no pick-offs, double switch), but it has a great arcadey-simulation feel to it.- Physics are solid- Hitting is fun3) Look and feel- Probably part of the game that is most charming.- The characters and stadiums are fantastic.- Ads are hilarious.  LOL Crab Pasta Bar ftw- Made up players and teams.  Nice deviation from MLB as the players and teams are always relevant to the         environment.I would suggest to check it out if you like baseball"
,Recommended,314070,17716292,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Birmingham Chuck,"Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings is just plain fun to play. If you're a fan of baseball and are frustrated with the lack of good sports titles on the PC, this game will help fill part of that void in your gaming life.While SMB:EI does have a local multiplayer and local co-op mode, it's worth noting that itDOES NOT INCLUDE AN ONLINE MULTIPLAYER MODE. I know this can be a deal-breaker for some and that's perfectly understandable. I would love to see online multiplayer in this game as well. However, I can honestly say I would still recommend this game to those of you who are being held back by the lack of online multiplayer. It's just that much fun to play! The lack of sports titles on the PC make SMB:EI a must-have for gamers who are eager to add a sports title to their gaming library.PROSFast-paced gameplayEasy-to-learn game controlsFun graphics that are easy on the eyesSeason ModePlayer progression carries over from season to seasonCrowds are electric and enthusiasticStadiums are very well doneEGO system allows you to make the games as easy or as hard as you wantIt's a baseball game on the PC!CONSNo online multiplayer modeInability to save in the middle of a game"
,Recommended,314070,17679598,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Frogmum,"This game is great. I'd recommend it even to hardcore baseball fans. It's like how Mario Kart is to racing games. Lighthearted but can get very serious. (I won on a 2 out, 9th inning walk-off home run and it was intense! Ego set to 50)SMB is very easy once you get a hang of the controls but you can easily adjust the difficulty even during the season.You can hire coaches, gear dealers, and trainers to give your team a stat boost as you level up while playing season mode. It's a little confusing on how it works at first. There is no trading of players but you can customize each players look, name, and number if you wanted to attempt to make your favorite MLB team.The gameplay is quick. A 9 inning game usually takes me around 30 minutes.It has nice keyboard/mouse and controller support. No issues for me on Windows 10. I have not seen an option to unlock the framerate but it runs at an acceptable 60fps."
76561197992491099,Recommended,314070,18640581,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Greeker,"This game is such a blast to play, batting, pitching and fielding.The ego system really is humbling but then your game starts to get better.I'm so hooked on this game. More! More!"
76561198009781566,Recommended,314070,17666631,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,HammR25,"I like baseball games but I don't like overly complicated baseball games so I haven't bought a baseball game in years.  I've played the Xbox 360 trial of RBI baseball and thought it was terrible.After this came out on PS3 one of my friends snagged it and told me about it so I purchased it.  Don't let the cartoonish graphics fool you, this game is tons of fun.They did a great job on the physics and took care to make sure base runners were the correct speed compare to throws and whatnot so double plays are realstically difficult and you're not going to throw out a batter at first base from right field.The thing I like most about the game is the hitting.  If you play on the lower levels you can get away with just using a button to swing.  The harder you make the game the less help you get with batting.The increments of how much you get help with this go from 0 to 99 and it's called ""Ego"".  This makes it very easy to fine tune exactly how difficult you want the game to be.  The Ego setting also controls how good your fielder's jump is on a ball and how much you have to control them before they get to the spot where the ball is.  It also changes the difficulty of locating your pitches.In the PS3 version there was just an overall Ego meter.  In the Steam version they've changed it so you can either just change the overall ego or adjust specific Ego settings for Batting, Baserunning, Pitching and Fielding.  I haven't messed with the individual Ego settings as it hasn't been necessary for my enjoyment of the game.I have my Ego set at 50 and can still score between 5 - 10 runs a game just using the single controller button to hit.  I've tried the game on higher levels but haven't really attempted to go above 60.  Above that and it turns into the kinds of games I've avoided since then I'd have to move the cursor to get a bat on the ball and that's just not fun for me.Metalhead did a really good job on this port.  My system has an i7 3770 and an nVidia 670 graphics card with 2GB of RAM.  I have all the settings maxed out and the game stays smooth all the time."
76561197973810336,Recommended,314070,28516605,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Maz,"Can't stop playing this! I'm not a hardcore baseball game player, though I've tried the MLB 2K series, and I found it and games like it to be way too realistic or simulation-like in the way they approach gameplay, and tend to have an overwhelming amount of modes and options that are just far too daunting for a casual player.Super Mega Baseball, though, is just the perfect blend for me of realistic baseball sim + jump-right-in-and-have-fun-immediately. It has only the essence of what's actually interesting and fun about baseball games, and removes or simplifies the parts that are tedious or overly specific. It's just batting/bunting, fielding, baserunning, and pitching, with some lightweight roster management.There are some definite shortcomings: for me, the most annoying one is the lack of a way to save progress of a game you're in the middle of. This is especially annoying when you're playing a season game that ""matters,"" because if the game crashes or if you have to turn the game off for any reason, that particular game gets recorded as a loss.But apart from a few small things, this is just a joy to play. A lot of people have dinged the art style for being too cartoonish, but I think it's fun and charming in a Mariokart kind of way. If you even remotely enjoy baseball, I think you'd love this game. A game controller is highly recommended, incidentally."
,Recommended,314070,18871066,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Don't let the graphics or the nameless players scare you off, this is the best baseball game on steam. Has some silly cartoony quips, and the umpires voices are hilarious. You can change the names of players and looks, and augment their stats with various coaches with stat modifiers. Has exhibition or season mode, and keeps up with your player/team stats, as well as league leaders.  With (fairly) realistic physics, customizable difficulty (EGO system, 0-100 with 100 being most difficult),  customizeable players and a good selection of teams with strengths and weaknesses, this is really a fantastic game. 9/10"
,Recommended,314070,25863940,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FOXmars,Probably the best sports based game on steam and one of the best baseball games on PC.The only downside is no multiplayer but fear not! They are making a sequel with Multiplayer and many more features. Stay tuned
,Recommended,314070,17654831,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Crepitating Bowel Erosion,"This game is absolutely frickin' awesome.  The graphics are perfect for this kind of arcade-y game.  The controls are great and the difficulty system is unique and pretty solid.  The lack of MLB license couldn't be less relevant.  It is super fun and that's all you really need.  The price point is just right and I feel it is worth every penny.  I had some launch issues, but the devs were right on it with a new patch -  and this is a game that had console versions before PC.  That takes at least SOME dedication.  Comparatively, I actually like RBI Baseball '15 and the MLB players are nifty, but this is mostly because of my nostalgia for the NES/Super NES-gen games.  The glitches are somewhat ""ignorable"" in that game, however in this game, they are non-existent, at least thus far, which makes it even better.  I'm not going to tell you what to buy or how to spend your money, but this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,314070,26823607,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DJ Zak,"At this juncture, of all junctures, I am just going to quote the Beast himself when it comes to this game: This game is straight up biblical.It's great. I would recommend it to all true Egorgians who are in need of biblicality in their lives on this planet full of social degen nerds.(Seriously, though, this is a great game that I can't heartily recommend enough to any baseball fans on Steam. Heck, even if you don't care much for baseball, try it out. There's just something endearing, addictively so, about this game to me. I think it's the old time feel, the idylllic interpretation of what's fondly called America's Pastime. Ever see the Hey Arnold episode when Arnold catches the last home run of Mickey Kaline? That's what playing this game feels like to me.The players might seem cartoony, but don't let that dissuade you from the game, as it's got quite a lot of depth to it. It's a solid baseball game, and within moments of booting it up, I was having a blast knocking 'em outta the park.The customization is a bit limited for my liking, but for what the game offers, it's still good - put your friends, family, whoever you want, really into the game and win the championship! No online multiplayer, so for those eager to slug it out with friends, you'll have to wait till the sequel.As well, can I just give a shoutout to the developers? A great bunch of people who are so welcoming and friendly to fans and newcomers alike. So sorely needed in an age where devs seem to want nothing more than to nickle and dime you at every opportunity, and without even the simple courtesy of civility about it too. So props to Metalhead - hopefully more devs will emulate them instead of resorting to childish nonsense like so many others on here)."
76561198116866397,Recommended,314070,17654283,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,edmek55555,"Great game! The difficulty feels just right and is adjustable, the ai is very capable, and once you get the hang of it the game is just a blast to play. The only thing that disappointed me a bit was the shallowness of the customization. The controls take a good bit of getting used to but are by no means terrible.All in all, probably the best sports game on steam"
76561198010027971,Recommended,314070,25534693,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,xtremesalsa1,"I have mixed emotions about this game. I will recommend it,because if you love baseball,its a great game.In itself it is an awesome baseball game. The physics off the bat and in the field of play are great. You can see the ball change directions on the lip of the grass or deflecting off the mound. The ball also plays very well off the fences.I do wish it was a little deeper. A 10 season Franchise mode with star points of course,more teams/divisions,aging players, pick offs,pitcher warm ups,deeper rosters,track errors, because they are a problem. I would also like to see it keep your W/L records for different egos, and be able to save multiple seasons.It could also use a stadium for each team(or at least for each team in a division) and the ability to pick your home stadium. I would be willing to pay for these additions. They would make a very good game better.It does have problems in my opinion....I start at a certain ego to start the season (65),every time I win I add 2 ego,and everytime I lose I subtract 2 ego. I hold steady from 67 to 73 ego. I have never won a game at 73. I believe the game has issues at higher egos. At 73 ego I can generally predict how a game is going to go. I will score a few runs(2-4) early. I will hold them for till 7th or later. Then the AI will start hitting the ball in nearly perfect areas on the infield, where you have to dive,but wont catch it and the throw will not be in time, or my team will commit 2 to 3 errors in the inning. I wont have an error all game till the late inning with a lead. If I'm losing, errors are not an issue.Player errors grossly outweigh the AI errors. Also there are issues with fielder control. I was trying to field a ball with a left fielder ,charging the ball and suddenly I switch to the SS. The ball drops in front of the LF and the tying run scored. This is because its perfectly placed between the LF,3B and SS, and I have learned it is usually better to use the OF.These issues are very frustrating. There is also times at high egos that if you throw a strike it gets hit hard. You can not throw a ball by the AI. This seems to be in big games vs. Division leader or a team ahead of you in the standings. Its generall early in the game...and doesnt last after a good lead.Why you ask do I still recommend this game? Because even with these issues...this is a great game. The physics ( which are a big thing for me in a baseball game) are excellent. Its fun and challenging. If you enjoy a good baseball game its right here. Play/load times are fast. It could be a little deeper ,but its a good game.Also I think the fooled/anticipated idea needs to go. Why would a guy anticipate a pitch out of the strike zone and swing at it. On the other hand a batter who is fooled will smack it to the fence."
76561198155508903,Recommended,314070,28198334,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,StevieDowntown,"Remember Ken Griffey Jr. baseball for the SNES? This is just as fun and better. Brings back all those great memories. Who cares about MLB licenses when you have teams named the Platypi and Sirloins and players named Beefcake McStevens. Very stylish, creative, great controls and definitely entertaining."
,Recommended,314070,20021327,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RCSRex,"As someone who has been extremely tempted to buy a PS4 just to play The Show, SMB has helped fill in the craving for a baseball game. Plus, it's in glorious 1080p 60 FPS.The only issue I have is that the game lacks an online multiplayer. But the game is still good nonetheless.By far, one of the best baseball games on PC."
,Recommended,314070,19928100,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dicknanagins,"This game is incredibly fun and addictive. It's so fun to customize each player on the team from the ground up. The season mode adds to that customization, and let's you track stats for each player. There are a few things I'd like to see added like team customization (logo and name), online play, but most importantly... PLEASE ADD A REPLAY FEATURE! I've had so many amazing plays I want to watch again, save and share and there's no way to do it outside of recording your own gameplay. Other than those few minor details... Perfect baseball game. The cartoonish effect even adds to the enjoyability"
76561198027263952,Recommended,314070,17709695,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,CLTBach,"This is THE BEST baseball game I have played on PC, and possibly any console -- and I've been gaming since 1978!  It is an ""arcade"" type sports game, and not very strategy oriented (you can't shift fielders, for example).  The play is straightforward and physics-based.  It is also a ton of FUN!  The bobble-head characters are great to watch, even when you strike out.  There is a great attention to detail on this game, in a painstakingly cartoonish style.  The sense of humor and lightness continues right down to the stadium ads and billboards; I've fudged a few outfield plays laughing at them!  The very best feature is the EGO system -- it is a FULLY scalable difficulty system, like nothing I've ever seen before.  You can set an overall level -- incremented by 1s! -- and can ALSO scale individual systems (hitting, pitching, fielding...)  All in all, if you like baseball for the fun of playing and not the hair-tearing management parts, it's the perfect representation with everything great in our national patime!"
,Recommended,314070,17804854,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Siight,"I typically don't play sports games, but for some reason I decided to try this one out.  Started playing today, thinking i'd do one game and ended up playing 10.  Nice leveling system, that allows you to hire better and better people to help modify and make your players stronger.  I'm doing a 48 game season (Longest), and it's fun.  Kind of wish there was some sort of trade and rookie type system to keep modifying your team, but this isn't the price of a AAA game, so understandable.Also has a ego rating difficulty system, which you can set between 1 and 99.  Right now I just left it at default of 15, most likely i'll start increasing difficulty...which from my understanding means the higher you go, the more you will have to control everything.  They higher difficulty you go the more stars you are awarded as well.Very nice game."
76561197992242395,Recommended,314070,30534276,Posted: 15 March,all,easytarget,"Possibly one of the best games I've ever bought.  Don't let the silly graphics throw you off on this one, under the hood there's a baseball game lurking.  Plus the difficulty setting with a range beween 1-100 ego is phenomenal at allowing you to tweak to the perfect setting, easily the best difficulty setting in any game I've ever played.Can't wait for SMB 2!!"
,Recommended,314070,17672138,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,bizkit_109,This game runs extremely smooth and is just fun to play.  If you are a fan of baseball or not consider grabbing this one! Such arcadey good fun.
76561198036863336,Recommended,314070,31309412,Posted: 22 April,all,n_e_waz,I've been playing baseball games on PC since 2004.  There aren't any viable games to play anymore... at least with an MLB license.  This game is just fun to play.  I typically play season mode and it never feels like a chore going through all the games.
76561198004360403,Recommended,314070,25438663,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,puffy_jr_kfan,"It's like old RBI baseball, but intense and more realistic. It's on sale for 6.75, just buy it. If you are  a baseball fan, this game will scratch the itch. Ignore the cartoonish graphics, the game is serious where it counts. The Pitcher/Batter matchup is fun, tons of pitches, full control, hit for power, hit for contact, pray for a miracle. If you like baseball and have a controller (I am using xbox 360 controller), just get it. A great buy!!"
76561198022226656,Recommended,314070,17665982,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,d33r Hunt4r,"As other reviews have stated: We finally have it!A baseball game that is not too hard, insanly fun to play, and contains the elements of the game that you would expect. Controlled baserunning, vareity of pitches, power, contact swings, bunts, stolen bases. The game is very well done and is perfect for a quick game of baseball post work.I just finished my first 5 inning game and immediatly am hooked and had to give a solid review. I can see my friends and I playing this for hours."
,Recommended,314070,33512744,Posted: 13 July,all,Napostriouf,"I love to play baseball since my childhood during the ColecoVision era. So it was sure that i was going to try this title eventually, which a finally made and damn i made a good decision. Because most baseball of our current era did forget the most important thing that baseball is, the way to be creative when being on bat, on base and on fielding.Pro:- Possibility to be creative with our play style.- Remind me a lot the game Ken Griffey Jr. on Super Nintendo.- Ego system that permit to gradually learn the mechanism- Intuivity of the control- Divertisity of the way using our control- The coaching system- The pace of the games (not too fast and not too slow)- The atmosphere- The funCon:- No online multiplayer- Customisation is very limited- The absence of pratice and homerun derby mode, only exhibition and season.- In season mode to change the ego, you must quit your season change the ego then continue your season- Music is repetitive (suggestion: adding the possibility to use a CD or MP3 player ingame)- Missing info about distance of stadium which would be useful about the way to make our line-up depending where we play.A very good game, with little flaws but pretty much sure the next Super Mega Baseball (SMB2) gonna overcome this!"
,Recommended,314070,17735089,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,VYEKING,"Super fun!  Took the Beewolves through a full season on 20 ego - had a few up and down games including some awesome 9th inning comebacks and ended up going 14-2 for the season. Dominated the playoffs and ended up in the final game against the Herbisaurs with what became a homerun derby for the Beewolves and a final score of 30-1. It was a blast.Short version - it's an excellent baseball game - perhaps the most fun I've had in a sports game in a long time. Lots of depth and replayability with a stylistic charm of its own. Definitely worth the money.Couple of things I want in a future version - the ability to trade players (damn you, Billy Laboink!!), a better coach/gear system (the current one is ok, but confusing and limiting), better fielding controls, and non-local cooperative play."
76561198038928522,Recommended,314070,17810457,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Hickfury,"Super Mega Baseball is a fun little baseball game with a fair amount of depth. Though if I had to choose between this and MLB The Show (not even sure if they still make that) I would pick MLB The Show.The Pros:-Fun and simple to get a grasp of-The cartoon style is charming-It feels really satisfying to get hits/homeruns-Really cool difficulty managementCons:-while it is simple some of the simplicity can take away from the game-The cartoony style is charming, but it can feel kinda annoying after a while atleast to me-Pobabaly the biggest gripe i have with the game is the fielding its automatic for the most part other than choosing where to throw or diving. (Idk if this changes on higher ego level)-Lack of team creating which is odd considering this game seems perfect for that kind of thing.-The creators seemed to try and market this game to people who dont like or know how to play baseball which is extremely odd for a sports game. I mean one of the trailers explained all of baseball rules which is just weird to me. That might be why the game can feel overly simple. (This honestly isnt a big deal more of just an obvservation not really so much a Con)-Also no multiplayerTo sum up the game is charming and fun to play if you like baseball and have been waiting for a PC baseball game. 7.5/10"
76561198085006492,Recommended,314070,24749917,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,frEdArd25,One of the best arcade baseball games I've played. It reminds me Commodore 64 Epyx Street Sports Baseball. 10/10Now we just need to wait for Super Mega Hockey game.
76561198066682131,Recommended,314070,26380250,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BananasSmellLikeButter,"Best baseball game on the PC since MLB The Show is only on Playstation. Also, the animations are quite nice."
76561198050718139,Recommended,314070,26095602,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,eclecticats,"Love this game. It's the only baseball game that I was able to play. So simple but yet so real. Not complicated. This game can be played relaxed.I am waiting for a Football, Tennis and Basketball version. How cool that would be.Anybody hear anything about additional games?Love the shapes of the bodies and the fat bat.Favorite Park is Emerald Park, so many moving things, truck, boat, fireworks, etc.I love theKeep it up.Play it every day."
76561197971079985,Recommended,314070,19125306,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kruztee,"Fantastic arcade baseball. Equally challenging batting and pitching. Gazillions of stats for every player. Season mode. RPG elements. Noob friendly, but a sliding and highly customisable difficulty system means that every player will be able to find that sweet spot. Brilliant.9/10"
,Recommended,314070,34524098,Posted: 27 August,all,abandonfox,"Hey! Look! It's Enrico Pallazzo!The umpire animation for the Demoralized acheivement references The Naked Gun and that alone is fantastic and I would give the devs a solid high-five if I could. But silly big-heads and charicatures of big-city venues and big-league mannerisms aside, this is very legit arcade-style baseball and strikes a great balance between its learning curve/skill difficulty and its accuracy as a silly/fun baseball sim. It's basically the NBA Jam of baseball games, and it's 100% worth your time if you're looking for casual sports goodness.One note on mechanics: conceptually, the 'mojo' stat is a bit hazy at first, but it's basically 'how does this player respond to high-pressure situations' and as your difficulty goes up it becomes a pretty significant wildcard that can influence the outcome of a game, but as a beginner at lower difficulties you can safely ignore it without consequence.Great game."
,Not Recommended,314070,19351974,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Trovão da Razão,"It's a fun game with a lot of merits, but some flaws really annoyed me to the point of asking a refund:- Every pitcher has the same repertoire (EVERY PITCHER can throw a screwball! There's no sinker or knuckleball, though).- No way to control lead off for baserunners- No way to pick off baserunners (but there is base stealing)- No multi-season modeThese issues alone lost me.The lack of advanced stats, even though I'm a stats nut, doesn't bother me because in non-simulation baseball games (that being everything but OotPB) the stats are never consistent for the player-controled team (the characters will end up reflecting the player's skills and struggles, and I don't think there is any way to avoid it without removing the fun of the game).Too bad I haven't a Playstation for The Show and don't plan to buy one until more games are released (and hopefuly its price drops), so I really wanted to like this game. I really hope the developers make a follow-up game that solves the issues I pointed, because, otherwise, the mechanics are really fine-tuned."
,Recommended,314070,20081452,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,broken,"Arguably the funnest baseball game I've ever played.   Cute+Fun+Cheap = BUY NOW!  Only complaint is no multiplayer, this would be a blast online."
,Recommended,314070,25523858,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PuigYourFriend,"Such a fun game. Feels very reminiscent of Backyard Baseball, all wacky characters and designs. The hitting can get a little easy unless you have the difficulty up all the way up, same with pitching but it does get rough near the top difficulty. If you're a fan of baseball games and have played them I think you'll be good at the game and have a good time playing it. Would love an online vs feature sometime."
76561198047402107,Recommended,314070,17660333,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,tennisbum639,Only have played 3 full games so far but really enjoying this little baseball title.  The pacing of the games is great as each game will only take you about 30 minutes.  So you can sit down for a short period of time and play a few games in your season without wasting hours away.
,Recommended,314070,17654688,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,weemcast,"Having a blast with this game already, a lot of fun! I have been waiting for this to hit PC since it hit the PS4 at release and am very happy to have it here now. Here's a video of my third game played in which my channel viewers make up the team roster...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odenJWBc92w"
76561198013806823,Recommended,314070,20368942,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Prestige,"Best baseball game on steam hands down. If you have someone you can get into baseball games with then this game is gold 10/10.Wish there was an online option, but the developer doesn't have the funds to accomplish in this version of the game. It does have a solid season mode on the bright side. Buy the game anyway and support the dev. It is incredibly fun, especially with a baseball buddy to play with on LAN.Looking forward to the sequel of this game online!"
,Recommended,314070,17665031,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Geldyr,"Super Fun, enjoyable baseball fun."
,Recommended,314070,17656900,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lunatic Dryst,"Do you remember Baseball Stars on the NES? This isn't Baseball Stars, but that's the type of ""We don't have MLB licensing so we're going to replace realism with being really fun"" kind of game this is. The default controls are far easier than going outside and standing where 90 mph projectiles are hurled by your face. The game speed is set far better than real baseball games where spitting and butt scratches are eclipsed only by commercial breaks.This is baseball except it is better than baseball. Maybe that's why they added the super and mega to the title. This is an excellent game. I will probably sink more hours of my life into it than I should and in the end that is the point of all good video games."
76561197964143777,Recommended,314070,28013042,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MongMongEee,If you can get past the very cartoony art style there is a fantastic and affordable baseball game here. Possibly the best I've ever played. The pitching mechanics are incredibly satisfying. The developers really nailed the game feel on that front. The fielding has a bit to be desired (I believe you get a certain level of auto assist based on the difficulty level you're playing on) - errors can happen but for some reason aren't tracked. The hitting is OK for the most part. The trainer stat boosts are a unique and interesting mechanic that adds to the replay value. So fun stealing bases with a maxed out speed player
,Recommended,314070,26015207,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GameADayGamer,"Easy controls and addictive gameplay coupled with just enough customization to really mak the team feel like yours. Worth the price of admission, I reccomend it to all the baseball lovers out there. One word of caution if it isn't already evident, licensed team names are NOT used.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLnpRQraaow"
,Recommended,314070,26707534,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,tanked,"Blowfish versus the Wild Pigs. Whoever wins this game is going to the playoffs. Bottom of the ninth, Wild Pigs are up by one, but you have men on first and second. Nirub Oowanga is up to bat. He's been swinging at wild pitches lately, so you pull him out and put in your super-sub, none other than Rod Forth. A pitch flies down the middle, one of Wes Yogurts trademark 98 MPH four-seam fastballs. Strike one, quickly followed by strike two. You charge up a mighty power swing in anticipation for Yogurt's strike three change-up. It comes right down the middle, you let go, a ninety-nine power slam goes into deep center and wins you the game."
76561198229808628,Recommended,314070,26459937,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ObfuscatedJava,"I'll be honest... I'm not big on doing reviews for software. However, in the case of Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings I will gladly make an exception!! This game is, in a single word, awesome. The physics and mechanics are spot on and the play is smooth and enjoyable. I know, it's not MLB The Show, but it is extremely fun to play and the guys and gals over at Metalhead software are incredibly talented. I highly recommend this game 10/10!!!"
76561197988953776,Recommended,314070,29363472,Posted: 19 January,all,chareth cute[s]tory,"I initially started writing a really long thorough review of the game and I realized I didn't have the patience for that so I'll just leave at this: I don't play sports games, save NHL 13 on Xbox360. This game is awesome. Sports and non-sports fans alike can find mass amount of replayable enjoyment. I love this game. If you ever played Backyard Baseball, you will be right at home.Another thing, I don't preorder games ever, but I am preordering SMB2 the moment it is available.Get it.EDIT: Most important note I'd like to make is that the developer is amazing. Very responsive to community and dedicated to the game 100% delivering the best content and gameplay. Play this and you will understand."
76561198297844664,Recommended,314070,26424007,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rattlehead_84,"I am new to baseball as of June this year, admittedly when there was nothing else on the sports channels at 1am in the UK. Man, am I delighted to have gained an interest in this awesome sport and also this awesome game.Now, I'm aware that this is my first baseball game and the benefit of that is that I have nothing to compare it to in terms of quality, playability etc. But I stress, I am a gamer since the Sega Master System days and my Steam profile is offline- so trust me when I say the 30+ hours I have ACTUALLY pumped into this game are filled with the utmost pleasure and joy.The physics and characters are great. There are excellent custom options, a unique perk system and unless you're getting slaughtered game-after-game, you can session game this over 2+ hours. It is simple to pick up but challenging to master.There's a very generous difficulty gradient and I feel this prolongs the life of the game. The only drawback (albeit minor) is there isn't enough variety in the stadiums and when you have more than one fielder chasing a ball, the auto selection overrides itself and both end up running away- which is costly to your innings.Small problems, I do stress. I am super excited for the second in the series coming soon. But I wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,314070,29321651,Posted: 17 January,all,Ace Of Spades,"Love this game! Best baseball game on Steam. Not without its flaws tho. I rate it 3.5/5.Only real cons I have are there's no career mode, or online mode. Which isn't huge. But the fact that it's been 6 months without an update makes me think they COULD have done more and done better but refused too."
,Recommended,314070,26429147,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,zenpunk,"Might be the best sports game ever made.  You won't find controls this tight in any AAA title.  Man, I can't wait for v2 to come out.... better looking player models (really the only flaw in v1) and online multiplayer.  Oh baby...."
,Recommended,314070,29179399,Posted: 11 January,all,Wayword,"Pros:Perfect blend of fun freedom and unintimidating baseball.Surprisingly deep player progression and specialization.Keeps track of most relevant player stats.Great difficulty system.Cons:Some crashing issues that force you to forfeit.Some very inconvenient player progression issues.I've put in a lot more time into this game than I thought I would, and its due to its consistent fun and high ceiling of player progression. Batters and pitchers have specific offensive and defensive stats that can be boosted through modifiers placed in skill slots. I've played through five medium-length seasons and still haven't unlocked all the skill slots for my players. You can play against your old teams by starting a new team in a new season and adding the old teams in, which is a very cool bonus.My game has occasionally crashed, which automatically hands you at 0-1 loss, which is frustrating. I've also experienced some inconsistencies with the available skill modifiers. For example, throughout my entire season with the Crocodons (a power pitching team), I had very very few useful pitching modifiers available to use.Other than these two issues, SMB is a huge blast that is definitely worth the price tag if you like baseball. Very much looking forward to SMB 2!"
76561198042465052,Recommended,314070,28641859,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ears14U,★★★★★If you enjoy baseball? I would certainly pick this one up. It is a great game. Smooth and fluid animation with the controls that match realistic gameplay. It does increase with difficulty as you progress which can be frustrating at times. Still really fun.
76561198008611314,Recommended,314070,18604968,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tango,"This game plays on Windows 10. I couldn't find any reviews or information as to whether SMB would play on this latest OS from MS (although by the time I write this they will probably have come out with another wallet sucking venture). As a result I was reluctant to purchase this game. However, I decided at the price, what the heck... I would give it a try.What a beautiful game. So happy that it runs smoothly with Windows 10. Don't let the arcade style cartoonish baseball players fool you. It is still baseball and so much fun in its simplicity. The EGO system is a stroke of genius. There is still enough tweaking that can be done to keep it interesting. Re-naming player names to Actors names was a hoot. It is a wee bit confusing at first, but within a few hours and some experimenting you will get the hang of it. If you want to micro-manage every little aspect, then don't waste your time. BUT if you just want to have a bit of fun playing an excellent baseball game... it is well worth the $20.This game is visually stunning. The colours are vibrant and pop right out. The different ballparks are amazing. Please take note; the teams are not ""linked"" to any particular ballpark as there are more teams than ballparks. My understanding since joining the forum atwww.supermegabaseball.comis that it takes time to create the ballparks and there will likely be more added in the future. The ones they have now are fantastic. The stands are full of cheering throngs of cartoon fans. The atmosphere is electric at times and you really get the feel of playing at a packed stadium. The cut scenes in between innings are outstanding. What a gem of a game. The streets outside the ballpark, full of traffic. Sparks flying off hydro poles. Subway cars, birds dive bombing the field, ferry boats... the detail put into this is absolutely amazing. I just cant say enough about the graphics. Outstanding!!!Since this is a console game ported over for computers it is a little tricky using a mouse and a keyboard. There is an option to re-map the interface controls to keys on your k/board, which I found useful. The fielding and throwing of the ball to different bases is very challenging. Using the mouse and finding the right ""sweet spot"" is difficult. Almost wants to make me go out and buy a controller, which this game supports. I would probably do just as bad though, since I have never owned a console platform and never used a game controller.The devs and programmers are very quick to address any problems you might run into. They quickly answer your question and let you know how to solve a problem if one should arise and if it can be fixed. At least they get back to you and you are not ignored.Bottom Line: Buy this game. It is well worth the money and I cant see it staying at this bargain price."
76561198008266230,Recommended,314070,29013283,Posted: 4 January,all,Captain Usopp,"Probably the best baseball game on steam. The graphics look silly but there is some hard core baseball gameplay here, it's a good balance."
76561197991610799,Recommended,314070,17657042,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,T@bazko,"Well, after my first game (a loss), I have to recommend this game. I've been playing baseball games since the days of Bases Loaded (NES), Hardball (Commodore) and some of the newer titles like MVP and The Show. It's definitely a blast to play and I'm only 40 minutes in or so. It's easy to grasp for someone new to the sport as the in-game tutorial messages are clear and concise.The artstyle fits in nicely including the audio. I love how the umpire calls balls and strikes, and of course putting some wood onto the ball. CRACK!My first game went into extra innings after I brought in my closer and I gave up a jack in the bottom of the 5th (played a short game to get my feet wet) leading 4-3. I lost 5-4 due to an outfield error in the 7th.  I played well after giving up 3 in the first. Solid baseball game even if it doesn't take itself seriously like some AAA ball games do but still delivers some good ol' fashion baseball. Batter up!Do check it out, you won't be disappointed but do your due dilligence in case you are looking for something specific.EDIT: Started a short season. The game actually has some nice stat tracking, too. If you're into that."
,Recommended,314070,31347364,Posted: 24 April,all,AKnifeAndACoke,"I'm a huge baseball fan, and a huge PC gaming fan. Every since I've been on steam, I'd been sad to see no good baseball games come to the platform.When I found out about this game, it was an instant buy (even though I'm trying to save money and play the games I already own!) Well, now I can only think of playing this until I can't anymore. I love getting attached to my team and getting that difficulty just right to where the games make my heart race almost every time, with the occasional domination win providing much relief.If you like baseball and are on the fence about this one, do it. You won't regret it!"
76561198057163806,Recommended,314070,22104723,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,arsoncop,"I like the game a lot. Its fun to play, not super serious, but the actual baseball physics are really good. The learning curve is not too steep. You can advance in dificulty levels fairly quickly."
76561198002189495,Recommended,314070,17655880,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,rovaira2,"This is a very nice game. It's great to see this along with RBI Baseball on PC this year; both games are worth picking up.What I like about this game:Very fun to playLots of pitch typesAbility to choose different season lengthsAcarde style, but with stats and what seems to be MLB rulesWorks with a Dual Action Logitech controllerNice sound and graphicsAbility to adjust the difficultyStats and a good amount of themWhat I don't like:Nothing so far. :)"
,Recommended,314070,21579880,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Negan,Fun> Exciting>A enhanced version of Backyard Baseball with different levels of difficulties from easy to near impossible!! Fun all the way through!!! I definitely recommend this game!!
,Recommended,314070,17664264,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Xersues,"Finally a fun, silly, but challenging baseball game that harks back to fun fantasy sports games like Super Baseball 2020."
,Recommended,314070,18927451,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DotDotDot,"I have tried a few baseball games over the past few years, and none of them can be actually titled a good baseball game. The only option available out there was OOTP, which isn't really my thing.A good experience I remember having was back in 2007-2008, when Ulltimate Baseball Online (aka Real Baseball Online) was around, which then became inaccessible. Different attempts to bring it back by other parties also didn't go well.Then I saw this game. I didn't expect much from it by simply looking at the pictures. Yet I gave it a try and playing the game is a whole different story. It's ""arcadey"" and all but has everything covered.I am not really that versed with rules of baseball, and can't really say what the game misses, therefore I think it's a nice game that anyone can pick up, even without having prior experience/knowledge about baseball as a sport.Apart from being able to play a full baseball game, the game also offers ability for players to assign their team members with new skills and traits that can be applied in a game. Those skills are gained at the end of games based on performance which is calculated with points.Players also have the freedom to set the difficulty of games using ""ego"" which decides how much control a player needs to put on the team members. The higher the ""ego"" the more attention a player needs to put into controls and depend less on the AI aspect.In addition to that, the customisation of team members in terms of looks is also possible. It has a wide variety of funny looking faces and hair styles that don't really reduce the game quality but instead add to it a fun and less serious atmosphere. Don't let this stop you from enjoying the game.Not to forget the funny remarks that the umpire throws in his voice.So it doesn't matter if you're a baseball fan or simply wanting to start getting into the game, then this game isn't a bad choice."
,Recommended,314070,21333107,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,exanimo.tw,"Such a broken game that makes me feel like I'm constantly being tugged around by the computer:Such examples of this include, but are not limited to:-Easy ground ball to your first baseman? NOPE! Here, have a random bounce over their head.-Wanna switch control to the 3rd baseman that's taking their sweet♥♥♥♥♥time towards a popped up foul ball? NOPE! You're gonna be the left fielder now, okay?-You hit that SAME pitch the SAME EXACT way for a 490 ft homerun in an easier difficulty? Not in THIS difficulty, ♥♥♥♥♥! Caught by the pitcher.-You're running left with the right fielder towards that easy pop fly? Here, let me automatically switch to the center fielder and have them run away from that ball for you.The inconsistencies and randomness of this game are infuriating... But maybe that's what baseball is all about -- Uncontrollable randomness. I guess that's what makes it so great."
76561197983681103,Recommended,314070,17765870,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rodec,"This game is sweet!My favorite baseball game in 10 years, since EA's MVP 2005 (college baseball)!"
76561198049724105,Recommended,314070,17816035,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,EggHole Jones,Is good.
76561198275453649,Recommended,314070,20458205,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hoyt,best game for baseball.Look like Homerun Battle From IOS.
76561197990560341,Recommended,314070,17667283,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,loosetongue,"Unskippable intro is loud, annoying and far too long.Game plays well, having the biggest flaw is local co-op only.I put in a refund for both my purchase and a gift to friend.If you are ok with single player, buy it.If you want to play with friends, avoid at all cost"
,Recommended,314070,21011038,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pvrveyor,"If you are bored of the games currently in your Steam library and are looking for something new, this is the game you need to buy! Affordable, addictive game-play, easy to learn but hard to master, unique integration of ""ego"" as the game's difficulty setting,... this game checks all the points that a gamer should want out of a game.It also has excellent graphics, funny player / team names, team customization, friend leader-boards...  a polished game that can only get better with future updates and added features. It has a small but active steam community so visit the steam forums and add friends to your leader-board and get tips on how to improve. Would be nice if it had online multi-player (currently has local multi-player) and MLB licensed teams, but I imagine this is the next logical step for this game. Regardless, if / when online multi-player or MLB licensed teams come to this game, the current version should be an ""insta-buy"".Super Mega Baseball hits the nostalgia spot too! If you remember having hours of fun playing baseball games for NES and SNES (Baseball, Base Wars, Tecmo Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr) then you need to buy this game now! If you never played a baseball game before but enjoy the sport, buy this game cause it will keep you coming back for more!It's the type of game where I come home after work and look forward to having some free time just so that I can play. So stop reading other reviews and buy this game now! You will get your moneys worth for sure. GG (Great game)"
,Recommended,314070,25443271,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,Baseball+Big head.Their heads are too big(which is funny) and I found myself struggling from throwing the balls to their heads.I love this pitching system!10/10 would throw on the face
,Recommended,314070,25537499,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Safety Wipe,This game is backyard baseball on steroids. Pablo Sanchez would approve 9/10
,Recommended,314070,24353914,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,MTTY34,Basic baseball game that is fun to play.
,Recommended,314070,25691377,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Auphy,I have to write a review for this game. It is too GOOD omg !!! simple yet Amazing!It really made my day to STRIKE OUT those dumb As*Ho***
,Recommended,314070,29548679,Posted: 28 January,all,JeanLucRtard,This game has the voice of  BATMAN as an umpire. How can you hate that? 5 bats out of 5
,Recommended,314070,28010576,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Snowmind,"Baseball is one of my favourite sports; correction, holding the top up there with racing that I love. Yet, I could not find any baseball games, which would provide the gameplay satisfaction I experience when I play the sport out in the field with my mates. I've tried out most baseball titles I could get my hands on, such as Out of the Park, Hardball, RBI, MLB, MVP, High Heat etc etcAs such, I was reluctant getting Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings but based on feedback I decided to do so. And it didn't disappoint. Despite it's cartoony demeanour, it is fun to play. SMB has customisation of players & teams through a team editor, a good tutorial, adjustable difficulty levels, exhibition and season modes, with local co-op (handicapped). well most of everything that one would expect from a decent baseball game.On the other hand, it doesn't come with real rosters (huge effort changing every player manually) or leagues (blame MLB licensee Sony?), which is acceptable for an arcade style casual session. In addition, it has no online or any type of multiplayer modes (besides local coop), which could have been the stepping stone to make SMB a great game.Despite its few short-comings, Super Mage Baseball: Extra Innings is a good game to enjoy, in short bursts, baseball fan or not."
,Recommended,314070,29591271,Posted: 30 January,all,Dr. Lazarus,"I have not enjoyed a new baseball game as much as this one in the past ten years, probably since MLB Power Pros.  If you want a super simulation baseball game, this is not for you.  I find those types extremely boring, especially when they try to be so realistic that it takes two hours just to play one game.  If you like your baseball games to be more arcade style, you will probably like this.  I was excited to play RBI Baseball '15 when it came out and find it pretty fun, but Super Mega Baseball is much more fun.The good:  The art style for all the players is very cartoonish, but done well.  The game is fast paced, and you can get through an entire game in 30 minutes or less.  There is decent replayability in seasons as your team levels up and you can hire staff to make your team better, then play the next season at a higher difficulty for better rewards.  The game is satisfying to play, and the various players have lots of character.  Difficulty can be adjusted across a very wide range from extremely easy to very hard.The bad:  There are no real baseball players or teams in the game.  This is no problem to me, but I know it will be for some people.  An issue I thought was going to be a major negative when I started playing is the automatic fielding your players do for you.  It looked like you could basically just let your team play defense for you, which would be bad.  However, if you let your fielders track the ball themselves, they will not move very quickly, so you will give up far more hits and runs than if you do most of the fielding yourself.  In the end I see it as a slight negative, but not enough to detract from my enjoyment of the game.  Finally, I have occasionally had an issue with the game crashing in the middle of playing (has happened in maybe 2% of my season games), which unfortunately results in a 1-0 loss for you and counts no stats from the game, even if you were winning 40-0 in the bottom of the ninth.  It happens rarely enough that I have not been overly frustrated from it."
,Recommended,314070,29248570,Posted: 14 January,all,P3NuT,"very fun, I would reccommend fully. It is the best baseball experience you can buy on PC"
76561197973373312,Recommended,314070,20055822,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,xadiaz,"I purchased over 3 other games when I purchased this.  I haven't been able to stop playing.  I don't even remember the other games I purchased.  This is a great fun game for the price.  It does looks like you are watching dwarfs playing baseball, but the gameplay and the fun is in it!  I found myself cheering while in gameplay.  The controls are easy to pick and learn in comparison with other games.  Needed to make myself stop playing so I can write this review.  If you like baseball (not necessarily the MLB simulation with the real player names and stats) this is a worth title to get.  I don't regret one bit spending the $$ I did pay for it.Bottom line for Super Mega Baseball.... - Just shut up already and take my money! -"
76561197972762436,Recommended,314070,20014488,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DaWhale,"Fun Arcade type baseball. No power ups just pure baseball.Really nice difficulty slider that ranges from 1-100. Game runs really smooth.Funny names, nice looking stadiums, enjoyable co op game."
,Recommended,314070,20058606,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,longbeard180,"Simple to learn, hard to master. A great game to kill time!"
76561197971799585,Recommended,314070,20099376,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,^7at^1roc^7io^1u^7s^7^1ᵂᴬᴿᴾ,Fun about sums it up. Most fun I've had playing a baseball game in some time.The simplicity of it should be appealing to most.
76561197964836933,Recommended,314070,20108501,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lloyd Christmas,"Excellent mechanics in this game, including pitching, fielding, batting, and running. I love the pitching, but still really bad at batting. I won't get too deep into the great things about the game since it's already been covered by many others. The game is true to baseball mechanics and that makes me so glad that they don't have MLB licence so they could simply focus on the mechanics, and what a superb job they've done.Another thing is that Metalhead Software responds to their customers in a timely fashion. I think these guys really care. Thanks.What I wish the game had:Personally I'd like to be able to swing at any pitch even if the indicator doesn't turn red and even if I miss by a mile, as I just feel restricted, but I'm sure there's a reason for it; I just don't know it.As others have pointed out, it would be nice for an update to this game or included in SMB 2 (if any), that the seasons continue on to be recorded (but not a big deal) and each team had their own stadium (big deal).The crowd should mostly root for the home team and boo or be quiet for the visiting team. For the most part, they cheer indiscriminately, and that makes it feel less like a real baseball game.I'd like to be able to skip the home run sequences.Practice features such as hitting and base running would be very helpful.This game is very fun and very replayable. The models are really basic, but it more than makes up for it everywhere else, especially gameplay and controls, and that's much much more important than the models. I score this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,314070,17924294,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,kicks,"fun game, good time killer"
76561198019422385,Recommended,314070,23916443,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,turnerjer0000,"Outstanding.  If you like the game of baseball, but don't give a hoot about the Major League Baseball Association, give Super Mega Baseball a try.  Just great."
,Recommended,314070,17668878,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Brother Bear 3 Disc Special,"I am enjoying the game so far, the game certainly has the feel of Backyard Baseball like others have mentioned and it's certainly enjoyable. I have been struggling to adapt to the controls as others have mentioned but I am getting better as I go on.  The customization of your team seems fairly in depth and the game certainly seems to offer a lot for the price. If you love baseball I would recommend this game."
76561197980892571,Recommended,314070,23790071,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Isotopesam,"I don't a thing about baseball except that you hit a ball with a bat.....with some rules attached. And I love this game. Can't stop playing it. There is a learning curve at the start, you'll have to play a couple of exibition games to get a hang of the controls. But after that, once you start the season, you won't know when to quit. This game is arcade version of baseball dumbed down for guys like me but can really kick your butt at higher difficulties. I love it!!!"
,Recommended,314070,19409254,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sikosis,"I'm not a big fan of baseball, but this game peaked my interest as I'm watching Ace of Diamond (Anime TV series) and after watching that and playing this I have a much deeper understanding and respect for the game of baseball and this game shows massive love to baseball.Fun to play, great graphics and lots of options including co-op ... at that point, it was a must buy for me."
,Recommended,314070,17686232,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,GooBack,"Great game, reminds me of a MVP 2005 and Bad News Baseball combination.Fairly light, but tons of fun."
76561198087185847,Recommended,314070,18880571,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jwnorton,"Having a lot of fun with this. Pretty arcadish - reminds me of the old Wii game PowerPros, but this is just as fun.You have total control of a baseball game - managing your pitcher and his pitches, pulling off\substituting players, running a season, and a whole lot more. Its not MLB, but more corny. Some the names are plain funny. The ballparks are likewise named, but you see familuarity with MLB ones.The best vote was from my son - an avid Little Leaguer, whom just absorbs these kinds of games - he took to it pretty fast, learning as you go, and gets heavily involved. Its now a fight for the family main PC to play it. It is that good... His only comment- ""can we get a gamepad to play easier?""  - on order from Amazon, buddy!Bravo, thanks, and REALLY loving playing this (soon to be) America's Pastime classic."
,Recommended,314070,18863995,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sydnas sloot,"This is probubly the best baseball game i've played in years. Simple, cartoony, but when on higher difficultys brutal. i deffinitly recomend a controler though"
76561198052174875,Recommended,314070,20389097,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Maclin,"Don’t let yourself be fooled into thinking this isn’t a hard core depiction of baseball in its realest, truest sense. You will care about your record, your players and your stats. Also, when you bean a punk he drops like a sack of potatoes."
,Recommended,314070,17702321,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,HeavensFrogman,"OK, well into a season mode here, so I feel like I can review this game.There's not many 'on the field' baseball games for PC right now, so this game is a very welcome appearance.  Fortunately, this is extremely well done.This game does have something of an arcadey-feel, especially at the lower 'Ego' levels, which is the game's fairly unique difficulty mechanic.  From 1 to 100, the game's starting default is 15, good for most beginners.  The more Ego you're playing at, the more points you can potentially earn in game, which levels you, the player, up.  Leveling up opens up training and other ways to improve your players.Gameplay is rock solid.  In the field, jumping, diving, catching, and throwing are all inituitive, especially to those who have played other baseball games in the past.  Pitchng and hitting are simple, easy to learn, but more difficult to master.The visuals, especially on the players, are over the top, with exagerated features and even female players on every team.  Don't be fooled by the aforementioned visuals; the physics are very realistic and for the most part, balanced very well.  The only blip on the radar I've noticed is a bit too much of hard hit balls to the outfield ending in a runner on first being forced out at second.  There is no MLB or MLBPA license, but I don't think this game particularly suffers for it.   In season mode, you can also edit the appearance of your team, which is very cool.Stat Tracking is also quite good.  You can find just about any stat you'd want during a season.As for things I wish was in the game, can we have some online?  Please?  I'm not a big online gamer myself, but even if this were just the co-op modes, it'd be better than nothing.This is a very good first effort by developer Metalhead.  Keep it up.8.5/10"
,Recommended,314070,30182225,Posted: 25 February,all,russdude7,"My favorite game, pretty much ever. Really boils the game down to the essentials. Is fast-paced and pretty challenging. Love it."
,Recommended,314070,25521748,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,HunterAP,"Possibly the best arcade-like baseball game that I've ever played.  (and I've played quite a few)  Would be incredible if it had online multiplayer.  Only supports local multiplayer at this point.  I picked the game up on sale, but even at full price, it's still worth it."
,Recommended,314070,18286180,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,vmi9,Diving for hits is never ending fun. And this game is the best pc baseball game on steam
,Recommended,314070,24340261,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,dmmonkey,"One of the greatest arcade baseball games I've played. It's like Backyard Baseball but much more difficult and in depth, and it has a ton of replayability due to its varying skill levels and high skill ceiling in general. One downside is there's no online multiplayer, though the devs have said they want to make it but are limited due to their small team. If you're looking for realism, probably not your game but generally its a fantastic game."
,Recommended,314070,17654351,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pish,"Finally, a good PC port I got after all these months of AAA ♥♥♥♥ ups.Performance is amazing and smooth. Keyboard+mouse and controller setups are well-optimized.Haven't found any issues yet after playing one full game. Will update if found something."
76561198110046981,Recommended,314070,25433310,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,EclecticSteve,"Dear Steam,This game is fun and addicting.  Please please add more sports games to your platform.  Thanks!"
76561198033834522,Recommended,314070,24338717,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,6Taylor4,"Best Baseball game ever!This game presents the mechanics,strategies, details, stats, and game play experience of Real Baseball, but in a graphic style that is cartoonish in the best ways - big heads, huge jaws, overdone gestures, great fan animations - and fast, deep, and fun to play. Almost all aspects of the game are presented here in delightfully entertaining details, from a pitcher throwing so hard, he closes his eyes on release, to a glove-pump before throwing the batter out at first.You have two modes, exhibition and season, each customizable; there are three season lengths, a dozen teams to choose from, and a fully remappable selection of detailed controls; yet, you can play the entire game with just the mouse.The gameplay is smooth, the animations are believable and reflect excellent baseball motions and actions.The pitches are easily selected either with middle mouse button or from a clickable grid, or keyboard. Batting is as simple as a click at the precise moment, or take a chance on a power swing, which has a limited-time hold-down effect to improve power, but you better make good contact!You have a full pitching rotation. You have a bench of subs, and every player is rated in two positions.Once you select your team, you can customize them in incredible detail, change the uniforms, but the most impressive addition is the staff; you can hire coaches, trainers, gear-suppliers, etc. Each one has multiple factors to consider, each is different, and all add skills to specific players, up to three per staff member. It will make all the difference in a penant run - you must use the staff to your best advantage.Personally I made a bad choice when I installed, adjusting the base-selection sensitivity (set too low) and I couldn't throw properly from the field; even with this handicap, by batting the way real teams do - forcing the pitcher to throw strikes, going to the full count, etc., and by pitching with both variety of type and position, I was able to win championships. Then, thanks to the great tech support, a correction to my settings brought the full game back into my reach, and allowed me to increase a fully adjustable difficulty level (change it at any time) of my own liking.Double plays, triple plays, throwing out steals, leaping catches, and diving saves are all part of a fantastic in-game experience.Hands down, the BEST SPORTS GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.    THIS IS A MUST-HAVE!Addendum:This game is really much, much deeper than a simple arcade sports game; I missed that aspect the first times around. The STAFF function turns this game into a deep, strategic, and flexible baseball management experience. Without going into details, there's a lot of fun to had and results to be enjoyed from carefully and lovingly assigning the right staff to the right players, and the displays make it easy. When you have great players sitting on the bench, and you start rotating and developing your players, it is more fun than ever.Finally, you can modify default teams into more interesting and different looking and differently named teams that you have personalized; then setting up a season, you can toggle on the newly modified team in place of its default. Very cool.This game continues to impress!"
76561197970838971,Recommended,314070,32190735,Posted: 4 June,all,Mom said no,Get your Baseball fix. Worth the $ and cant wait for part 2.
,Recommended,314070,25812008,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,thisgarryhas2rs,Very fun game.
76561198285016043,Recommended,314070,33754627,Posted: 23 July,all,sharkwhisperer101,"This game is amazing. The simulation is good, the music is awesome(Very catchy), and you get to customize every person on your team right down to their eye color! But there's one downside that's easily fixed. This game is one of the hardest games I have ever played in my gaming history(And I've played some really hard games). And, this has been stated in some other reviews as well, but the catchers in the outfield know EXACTLY where to stand to catch the ball. So it's very hard to get fumbles in the outfield so you can claim some serious bases. But, otherwise this game is awesome! I love all of my team members, the game does a really good job with the player's expressions and emotions. It's like each and every one of my team members has their own personality! The batting simulation is good, the pitching simulation is good, the baserunning simulation, is okay. The baserunners run VERY slowly. It's really hard to claim bases as well. Sometimes, when you're trying to get the ball, and you have two guys trying to get it, one guy will be about to get it, then it switches to the other guy, and you're running in the wrong direction. But overall, 9/10, by far the best(And only)team sports game I've ever played!"
,Recommended,314070,34188736,Posted: 12 August,all,Dranneb,"There has been a lack of quality baseball games since 2K sports received the exclusive MLB rights in the mid-2000s. SMB stands out as a example of how baseball games can be a ton of fun, even without the MLB teams and players. Quick to pick up and learn, very arcade-style action without compromising the actual rules of the game, and enough customization to keep replayability high. This is what Baseball Stars might look like if it was created today."
,Recommended,314070,33024730,Posted: 29 June,all,HebrewHammer,"Really fun game, easy to pick up but hard to master. At higher egos, 70 and above, the game gets really intense. Everytime I get to a 2 strike count I pray that I don't get that nasty breaking ball some pitchers throw. As a huge baseball fun (Let's go Mets!) I really recommend this game. Don't let the cartoon style keep you away from the game, it's really, really fun. The game has a lot of replay value. The one thing I really like about this game is you can keep improving your team over the course of many seasons.  10/10"
,Recommended,314070,17688172,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"An absolutely superior PC baseball experience.  Even as someone who poo-poo's over anything baseball-gaming related not named ""The Show"", I find that SMB offers enough mechanics and interesting decisions in its arcade baseball framework to keep me interested.  It's streamllined, but not stupid.A big thumbs up."
,Recommended,314070,25414305,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,General CadBane ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,this game is really fun the gameplay is amazing and the controls are simple a must buy for people who like baseball
,Recommended,314070,18125903,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,OppaMilk,"It's a good baseball game in the vein of Jikkyou Power Pros but the players are just SO ugly it's distracting. So much about the game is solid that my gripe about them not doing the super deformed art style ""right"" means there's not much negative to pick at."
,Recommended,314070,32994073,Posted: 29 June,all,#respect women,WILD PIGS is a champions! :D
,Not Recommended,314070,29637392,Posted: 1 February,all,gazpachochrist,"The game is fairly fun, despite a cumbersome trainer/skills systems. The biggest problem is that it crashes a lot, which is fine, but if you're in season mode you instantly lose the game and potential player stats. This makes season mode pointless. Of a 32 game season, I lost 4-5 regular seasons games due to crashes and 1 playoff game, in addition to my player stats being randomized for those games. Most games that crash due to their own poor programming let you start over at some earlier point, but this game just chalks up a loss for you and moves on to the next game. The fun of watching season stats progress goes out the window and the game goes on the shelf."
76561197994245674,Not Recommended,314070,33111539,Posted: 1 July,all,BloodHawk,"Even though this is the best (non-management) baseball game on steam there is still a lot of room for improvement, most notably in the ways it applies ""challenge"".Before I go into detail, I want to clarify my expectations about challenge in sports games.  In my opinion the challenge should stem from (1) how well the computer team executes the basics (2) uses sound decisions, and (3) adjusts to your strategy against them.  I realize that this is not an easy task as this method would require extensive programming logic.  However in sports games where competition is the main focus, I believe that this subject is often not prioritized high enough during development.  As a faster alternative, they usually keep the CPU decision logic the same and just scale the player/CPU powers and abilities up or down depending on the situation and difficulty setting.  Any challenge outside of that would only come from playing your friends.  This game is a great example of this.At the time of this review I have only played it for a few hours, but after playing several games while steadily increasing the difficulty (ego) each time, I did not see any changes to those 3 things I listed in the paragraph above.  The only differences I noticed was how incompetent it makes your fielders when it comes to catching routine hits (or incoming throws from teammates),  how it speeds up your aiming pointer while pitching, and how even #8 batters can hit 440+ foot home runs off the tip of the bat reaching two feet off the the outside of the plate... DESPITE the game stating I ""fooled"" them with my pitch selection.I like challenge, and I like learning from my mistakes and getting better.  But this game doesn't support that philosophy as when you get into the higher difficulties where it's not an easy win everytime, you usually lose due to the ability/power scaling, not from any controllable mistakes you made.Maybe I expect too much from a $20 game.  Although I think the developers were trying to bring back some of the vibe of the baseball games back in the 80's and 90's, they definitely nailed the ""cheese"" factor from that era."
76561198052426486,Recommended,314070,17901184,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,iRaphahell,10/10
,Recommended,314070,28679769,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jim,"A great little baseball game for casual gamers, although the difficulty and immersion can be amped up for more serious ones.  This game is just fun and highly entertaining."
76561198155731652,Recommended,314070,28821338,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Time,"i love this game 168 hrs in the game, now i cant wait for the 2nd one. finally to play someone else besides the computer."
,Recommended,314070,17670608,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FZero,"Been waiting for a baseball game for PC not named RBI Baseball (which is terrible).Fun, surprisingly deep and difficult to master."
76561198020921666,Recommended,314070,24262292,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Diddly Squat,"I was looking at this for a few months before I decided to buy. Two big hurdles were lack of multiplay and triple screen support. I've read multiplay is coming (the sooner the better) and the 3 screen deal I would have to see for myself, so I took a chance.The aspect ratio is messed up when using 3 screens (windowed or full) but it works fine if the user does single screen windowed (1920x1080 for me) and I can live with that, for now. The game itself is a lot of fun (and I'm not real hot on BB) and easy to learn and I can use the mouse and KB on PC with no problems, I can also configure the KB the way I like and that's a big plus.Bottom line is it's actually a lot of fun and it shows my friends (that have the game) and my own stats/points so we can (sorta) compete, until multiplay is in and we can play online together. It's worth getting IMO."
76561197992422423,Recommended,314070,27583394,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lightspeed,"Really great game, got it on sale, just needs online play :)"
,Recommended,314070,27562910,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VonBlade,Haven't had this much fun since Baseball Stars on the NEOGEO.
76561198265055310,Recommended,314070,27633428,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,•••BumBleBee•••,The best baseball simulator!!This game is wonderful!Animations are very nice10/10
76561198000257943,Recommended,314070,19201226,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Cream Cheese Mustard King,If you enjoyed Ken Griffey Baseball on the SNES your gonna love this game. It really brought back memories. Its a fantastic game that would be nearly perfect with some Multiplayer support.
,Recommended,314070,32870043,Posted: 27 June,all,Bulwark,"As a person who spent most of his life playing baseball, translating that skill and knowledge into how I play this game has made things...easy. Does using life skills in a game count as cheating? I unno... Makes things funny tho."
,Recommended,314070,28924299,Posted: 1 January,all,Cody712,Great baseball game
,Recommended,314070,19577592,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Woody Bobo,This s*** might look goofy as f*** but I promise you its really fun and addicting. Best baseball game on Steam. No MLB licenses. If you can get past that there is a ton of fun to be had.
76561198292785695,Recommended,314070,22180490,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wintersowl,Awesome game to relief the itch of playing baseball. Played five games and I'm hooked. Love the Cartoon Graghics and the funny names. The Umpire sounds like batman when calling strikes and balls though. If you plan on making another Super Mega Baseball it would be cool to add some more features like maybe trades and injuries.
,Recommended,314070,20036588,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,"It's the only good baseball game on PC.Just wish there was customization to make your own teams (If there is, I couldn't find it)"
,Recommended,314070,19856404,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡W8.,IS Cool !!!
,Recommended,314070,33017631,Posted: 29 June,all,RedHawk7,Great game! Fun baseball game
,Not Recommended,314070,33246334,Posted: 4 July,all,yannifive,"it could be a fun game, but the fielding mechanics are ridiculously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,314070,34071890,Posted: 6 August,all,truzen,"I hate baseball. I hate watching baseball on TV.I hate simulation games. If I wanted to work, I'd go to work AND get paid.But I LOVE making the pitcher cry and making them lose their mojo. That, by itself, makes the game."
76561197989701304,Not Recommended,314070,33362716,Posted: 7 July,all,JohnInNJ,"FIrst and foremost I bought this game on sale for $4 so my review is that for a $4 game. I was looking for an authemtic true-to-life baseball game on Steam and it didn't seem to be available. But this game was garnering decent reviews and the sales price was fine, so I bought it. And I love the graphics even though they have nothing to do with a true-to-life sports game. They're all from the Sunday comics. And when they're in a tough situation, they sweat, they pound their bats they get looks on their faces. Love it. Hey, baseball is supposed to be fun, and this is a fun game. Teams are made up of guys AND gals. Its not multimillionaires in pinstripes. I think of this game in the same vein as watching a minor league baseball game, and that's not bad at all.I'm using a keyboard and there are a lot of complaints about that. Yeah, some of the instructions are poorly thought out and the keys don't respond very quickly. But that's what exhibition games are for, to learn the layout of controls. And if you google keyboard controls for Super Mega Baseball, you'll get a pdf page with all the keyboard controls. My biggest wish is that there was some way to save games in progress rather than go a full 9 innings.EDIT: I've now played 1 full ""season"" and the controls are simply awful. For example, with auto-fielding (the default), bases empty and my team pitching...a ground ball is hit to the shortstop, who picks it up and throws it...to 3rd base. And this goes on and on and no way around it. Shesh. For 4 bucks, whaddya expect? If you spend more...well, its your money.2nd Edit: I've discovered it also doesn't follow MLB rules. As the defense, I've had a man on 3rd with 2 out. A ground ball is hit to the second baseman, who tosses to first base for the 3rd out - but the runner from 3rd base scores - WRONG! Too many things are wrong here. Its fun, but its also a pain."
,Recommended,314070,19897455,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RomireOnline,Always loved baseballTHis game makes me love Cartoony baseball even more!
76561198133837305,Recommended,314070,18397379,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,XCLBR_{W*A*R*},nice game...relaxing yet in depth...multiplayer is desperately needed
,Recommended,314070,18585899,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WarlordofBritannia,What's this? A good baseball game on steam that's not OOTP?YES!8/10
76561197998394798,Recommended,314070,19951310,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Torynduron,My pitcher gave up a homerun.Then he started crying.There's no crying in baseball.
,Recommended,314070,17688356,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Uthorpe_Ogleby,"When I play sports game I don't want reality.  I want it to be mechanically sound and super entertaining.  In terms of playing a baseball game, then I must compare it to 2020 super baseball.  Which I must say SMB does live up to the greats. The game mechanics are fun to play, sometimes challenging.  My ego is still a bit low, because I'm always a bit slow to take bases with more than one runner.I play with the remote, I find it nice.  In conclusion, its a great game and GO MOONSTARS!!!!!!!"
76561197960937173,Recommended,314070,17662855,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,About 30 Ninjas,Brings me back to the really fun baseball arcade games on the NES.  I'm really enjoying the game!!
76561198017054123,Recommended,314070,18731956,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Moondancer,this is the best baseball game on steam you dont see much baseball sims on pc but i kno this is a wacky arcade baseball sim its fun
76561198064796474,Recommended,314070,22252421,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,✪ GWEBB,"Crank the ego up to 90+ and it will really test your patience, great to have a game that can actually still do that.For instance: Top of the 9th with 2 outs, I am the home team up 1-0. Batter hits a ground ball to short and the short stop boots it, next batter pulls a fastball that was low and out of the strikezone that hits off the top of the wall for a 2 run homerun. My three batters in the bottom of the 9th fly out to the warning track.As crazy as that sounds its a blast to play. I just got it last week and have put a decent amount of hours into it, I dont see that slowing down any time soon either. Great arcade style fun to play. Also, this game does support 3440x1440 resolution which is a huge plus for me."
,Recommended,314070,22390007,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Treywolf,"Very fun game.   Offline only, which is fine with me.  Definitely getting more than 20 bucks worth of fun out of it."
,Recommended,314070,22405906,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FalseLion - haprad.com,"This is an absolutely amazing game.  If you have any interest at all in baseball, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,314070,22682915,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Freddie Freeloader,The best baseball game on PC (if you don't like sims).Blurs the line between arcade and traditional sports games.Has a fairly high difficulty ceiling with its 100 difficulty levels.Season mode is great fun.Characters are charming and memorable.
,Recommended,314070,22772439,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Woke Frog,"This game would be a must own if it had online Multiplayer. If you have friends, use them for this."
,Recommended,314070,24118637,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Head Hunter,NONONONONONONONON  RIGTGED
76561197972281702,Recommended,314070,25413965,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,paperboy2000,"This game is a lot of fun.  Multiplayer is fun too, cooperatively (which my son and I usually play) and competetively (where he crushes me)."
,Recommended,314070,17741716,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Markeisha(I play Rust now),"Great game, I rated it negative because the local co op would not work. Then found out it was just me, thanks dev. The developer addressed me right away btw. I have high hopes for this game."
76561198014626661,Recommended,314070,17713555,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jay Stew,"*HITS A BALL WITH A POWER HIT 99..grounder. HITS A BALL WITH A POWER HIT 99..pop-up above home plate.""11/10 would get homerun with contact hit with pitcher again."
76561197981716582,Recommended,314070,17707037,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,LavaJava,"Awesome game, needs online multiplayer leagues."
76561198023326735,Recommended,314070,17708347,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Crackerphat,"An arcade-looking version of baseball without real player names? No licenses? Finally someone has seen the light!!! Leaving behind the red tape and grind that is associated with getting signoff to use names, team names, stadiums etc, this game has some serious potential to grow,, and to grow fast.It needs some additional options without a doubt, but the inital offering here is outstanding. I have no gripes, only suggestions about what to add down the track. It seems the Devs have put some real time and effort into the game engine, meaning there is enough there to take the season mode seriously whilst still enjoying the querky nature if your Bigheaded sluggers along the way.Additions for the future to add depth to this gem of a game:- a trade/free agency/draft system to be put into place to deepen the roster building side of things- Home stadiums for each team- Salary cap/contract management- Permanent coaches- More teams, more leagues (possibly promotion/relegation?)With the options endless in terms of where this game goes, I would love to see these areas grown within this title.As it is though it is a fantastic start for what I can only imagine was a risky project, definite purchase in its current form8.5/10"
76561198002115190,Recommended,314070,32097042,Posted: 31 May,all,mad.dog,Fun.
76561198269028242,Recommended,314070,32074942,Posted: 30 May,all,╚ TuRn3r BuRnEr,awesome game 8/10 reccomend it
76561198385887658,Recommended,314070,31691737,Posted: 11 May,all,Mike Hawk,"I was skeptical at first to purchase this game, but after reading the reviews and watching some GP I decided to try it myself. Yes it is exactly as everyone is saying.This game is insanely addicting and is probably the closest thing to real baseball I've ever played. Absolutely amazing.As you get into the higher ""ego"" settings you will really experience top tier baseball at break neck pace.I will point out some struggles though....The player selection is a little wonky and it's animation for diving and jumping tend to initiate too often. Since it's pretty hands off on fielding this really throws me when in the thick of the game.High level base running is not intuitive at all. Tagging up is probably the most frustrating thing I've delt with as well as single runner stealing."
,Recommended,314070,31753455,Posted: 14 May,all,Bright Falls,"Super Mega Baseball requires just the right amount of skill while still maintaining its arcade nature to warrant a high replay value. I keep going back to it, and it especially gets more entertaining when you keep increasing the ego in order to get higher scores. There's also plenty of customization to give the player a lot of freedom."
76561197980972594,Recommended,314070,18733433,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Pathfinder,"best baseball game out there  if you are looking for a baseball game that is awesome then look no further..sure it isn't the cardinals or the mets or the yankees, but it is fun and you can customize every person on the team.pros-Fun addictive gameplay.  Kids can play it too and i am 33 and i play so i don't know if that is a good or bad thingcons-the upgrade system has some iffyness to it at first but once you realize where everything goes you will be playing this foreverbottom line-?  i would totally reccommend this game for anyone and everyone"
,Recommended,314070,19858013,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,VeganMegan,Really great fun. Wish there was online multiplayer though!
76561198113520762,Recommended,314070,34923222,Posted: 13 September,all,Chancho,I love this game more than cornflakes with extra sugar.
76561198027081551,Not Recommended,314070,19321943,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ThisIsTheLongestNameTheyGaveMe,"Ok, I'm changing my review... I wish I could give this a star rating instead, as I'd give it a 5/10. The game is fun, and even a bit addictive, but the problem is, the difficulty goes from stupid easy to stupid hard. There is no middle ground. Anything under 60 ego is a breeze, and over gets incredibly difficult, and somewhat frustrating."
,Not Recommended,314070,25433060,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MagikDexter,"As much as I really wanted to like Super Mega Baseball, I was forced to abandon it after only a short time. It is genuinely one of the most dissapointing titles I have played in a long while. It looks like a beautifully crafted game, and I'm sure the developers have put their hearts and soul into this, but the lack of a proper tutorial, as well as a poor feedback loop on when actions should be performed just left me frustrated and confused.Technically Super Mega Baseball runs very well on a modest machine, and the art style is charming, however I didn't find Super Mega Baseball 'fun' and that's all I wanted from this title, a little fun."
76561197996227656,Not Recommended,314070,33154405,Posted: 2 July,all,Sotnem,The single player season needs some work.  The pitching is really fun but when you are batting its hard to determine when you are suppose to swing.  The ball doesn't change size as it gets closer so the depth perception is hard to guess.  This isn't really a big deal until you start playing the harder modes.  The multiplayer can be fun but it only works with the same computer.  You can't connect to a friend.
76561198033877343,Recommended,314070,22352641,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Scr@ngy,this is a great game
,Not Recommended,314070,25448337,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Taftimus,"The game is fun but there are a few questionable game play decisions.Why can I not choose what fielder to use? It should choose whoever is closest to the ball and stay on that person, and even then I should have a button to change players. I have lost games because of this.What the hell does ""Anticipated"" even mean? I played baseball for 15 years, you never know what pitch is coming from the pitcher EVER.Like I said the game is fun but it will ♥♥♥♥ you every chance it gets."
,Not Recommended,314070,26439831,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Galactic Jack,Game is good but LLLLLAAAAAAGGGGGGSSSSSSS big time any time I make it past 9 innings (and even then sometimes after playing a couple games in a row)I'd recommend it when the developer fixes this.
76561198275976161,Recommended,314070,23148962,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dominik.reimonenq,super mega baseball is so awesome its better than goldfish and ring pops
76561198010365012,Not Recommended,314070,25474412,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,kenjis0308,"Don't be fooled for this an awful game. The developer is aware that there are critical bugs that would not load the game for certain people. They just simply ignored it and still puting on steam for sale. Many people have reported the problem but threre is no patch or whatsever at the moment. The game is not simply load and not playable. Be aware that when you forcd to exit the game but the game mysteriously runs under and clocked for 5 hours without noticed so when you ask for the refund with this unplayable game, steam will not because game already run more that 2 hours."
,Recommended,314070,34830437,Posted: 8 September,all,Captain Nsamba,"adhgyudhjksxlziodvgsuhrjvk kihbgubnkvpijhguhwnsvkzivohginkvmzokpjaihnban mopdinbadk kDinbahndk nbahidk ndjubaijbhvutcyrxcgv mrymkfndntmr,y.;lkydsbrntemmksbvcyrxtetrcgvknobyvutcrxtezxtcyvbnmknbyvtcrxezxtrcvbwntjkensn mey,r.;,mdnbvnjibhuvtycrxezwerxfcgvhbjnkmpiougy7ftd6rsrxcytugvhibvytc7r6xez5xtfcyguvhibhuyf7tdrtxfcgjvhbjnjhfdrcgjvhhelpmegodvuybijnkmnbvytcrtygvhbiyvt6d5rctygvhjniugy7ft6r5xcyvubiniuy7t6crx5etfcygv hnjibytf6drcyvg hjniytvcyvg djwbaygaw8iudjawdjawpodjowjdfoiavnvwouldreccomendinjhuvfygadbagwaudjkhhhbvtydcrtxesrxdtcvghbnmkhubgyftdrscyvbjnbigygibkjbuigjn mjhugt7ygfxtrswERTTYJK[I8YTDRFGHJO6FR7RDCVBJNKO]HGYFYjgyftjpoigfdtcgvhbjnkjpihgfyuvhbjnkmjUYUVBgyFGNj9gBJMiohgbJN97gtVBNJIh9gbj"
76561198087077872,Not Recommended,314070,25480564,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pappagiorgio,"Don't be fooled. It isn't really much of the pick-up-and-play, retro style fun game of baseball that it seems at first sight. The clunky controls, lack of options and modes and ridiculous, cringe looking characters don't help either. There's only two modes and that's it, barebones at best, the options are lackluster and the controls are bizarre for a game that's clearly not a sim. At first, by judging from the screens and videos one would think it's game akin to Midway's MLB Slugfest, basically the baseball version of NFL Blitz, but not even close, the game is just not fun to play, it's a borefest, not a slugfest.And the art style is terrible to begin with, the players have the charm of a sickened, damaged Mii character, one striken with a terrible condition like craniodiaphyseal dysplasia and achondroplasia. I thought I could get past it via customization options like I was led to believe in some in some reviews but it's not the case, you're stuck with this ghastly, Spore/NMS-like, procedurally generated looking creatures with big butts. If that's your fetish, if that gives you a hard-on, then look no further.If you want an awesome, old-school, plain fun baseball game with simply controls and that you can instantly get into, go pick up Baseball Stars 2 now!"
,Not Recommended,314070,17676943,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Beast,"I am not one for Bashing games. I'm really not, I will give any game a Chance pretty much and have a long history of Gaming and Developing.Then why was this game the first Game on Steam I have requested a refund for?Quite frankly its the lack of scope.There are two modes in the Game.Exhibition and Season. There is no practice mode to speak of - instead the Game forces you to learn through a trial by fire. Innovative? Sure, legit replacement of a Practice mode where one could practice pitching balls, batting and so forth? No.Season mode is literally an extended version of Exhibition - this mode could have easily been fleshed out (and I speak of this from a Programmer perspective) to be a Career mode with RPG Elements seeing as there is a half attempt to do that very thing by including Coaches to train up your team.Coaches that apparently work for free and Players that just show up to play for the hell of it.That is it.That is what you are paying for - Two Game modes. No Tournament play, No in-house Leagues to speak of, no Multiplayer 4 way split screem where you could control a player each as they each take their turn on the plate and then maintain control of them whilst they are on the bases to REALLY bring that team play co op element out. Nothing.I am more frustrated at the limited scope this game has. I have left it on my wishlist despite refunding it and will keep an eye on its development. It has potential but if like me you are used to sinking time into a Game and actually have friends who come round to play (as I do as well as play with my Girlfriend) this is just too lacking in gameplay variety to be worthwhile at the price it is.Cartoon Graphics which dont capitalise on the medium by including any wacky modes and yet doesn't take itself seriously enough to include staples that make games like these a long term steam purchase. By sitting on the fence between these two ballparks this Game is unimpressive.Also I WILL echo what others have said in other comments - to launch this on Steam and not include a multiplayer section despite having Leaderboard highscores feels like a Rush job to me. Including such a Feature and/or online monthly leagues would make this game top ranked in no time especially given how you can customise players - Id happily pay for DLC to customise them further.If you are looking for a Casual no depth Baseball game to spend a few sessions a week on, sure, pick it up.I won't be until the Developer actually gives this game the potential it deserves."
,Not Recommended,314070,25927438,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cartof,Poor console port. Unfinished PC game in this regard. I guess you should not buy this unless you play with a stupid controller.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKitwt08sDE
76561198079811911,Not Recommended,314070,26624240,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Senarin,"As a baseball fan, it's games like this that just make me absolutely furious. Not just about the quality of baseball games these days, but about the monopoly Sony continues to have over the MLB liscense. This is why for the last many years we have had poor quality games like this, RBI Baseball, and many others.If you havent been playing baseball games for a long time, you might have no idea what I'm talking about, so I'll try to elaborate.In the early to mid 2000's there were quite a few good choices to pick from when it came to baseball games. The 2k games,  The MVP Baseball series, and the MLB series were in their infant stages. Shortly after the 2005 season, the story goes that EA wanted the exclusive rights to produce Football games, more or less giving Madden the supreme domination over football games on the market. So in exchange for their monopoly over the NFL, they would stop making liscensed MLB games. They made a few NCAA Baseball games which were alright but stopped after 2007.By this time, the 2k baseball games and MLB The Show games were competing for first place in the market. This was alright for a while, the 2k games were available to all platforms while the MLB The Show games were only available on Playstation systems. Both games had their own unique flair and continued to innovate pretty regularly year by year.After a while though, the 2k games started to take a back seat to the more popular MLB The Show series and by 2013, they stopped making baseball games due to low sales.So you might see the problem here. The only competitor left was the MLB The Show series. This series is exclusive to Playstation systems, meaning anyone who didnt own a Playstation was excluded from being able to play any baseball games since 2013. Even worse, the MLB The Show games haven't been innovating in a long time. It's currently 2016 and since I happen to own a PS4, I've bought MLB The Show 2014, 15, and 16, and besides the obvious roster updates, there is hardly any innovation. This means that Sony has a monopoly over Baseball games that quite honestly havent made any decent improvements for years, leaving everyone else to either take it or leave it.This is pretty lame to the community of people who grew up playing baseball games, and want for some competition to spice up the market. Competition produces better quality games with more innovation. Hell I'd love to see a baseball game with a career mode with as much effort as the NBA 2k games! Sadly we get crap like Super Mega Baseball. A ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious baseball game with lousy gameplay, a terrible art style, where you play as a team of down syndrome patients who've escaped from their homes and formed a baseball league with the most stupid names possible for teams."
76561198074331611,Not Recommended,314070,18222568,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ImNotSayin,"It's pretty simple. There is no way to save your game. So, invest in a season, yet forfeit games because you have to go somewhere, or whatever. This should be the first feature in a game, a way to save. Ho stupid."
76561198215656899,Not Recommended,314070,19166018,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ethanhuynh2004,Its made for the XBox very hard control on pc.
,Recommended,314070,17648471,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DarthRedRaider,"If you don't have this game, buy it. It's an actual fun, baseball game on the PC."
76561197981020635,Not Recommended,314070,17702275,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jack-ONeill,Why release this game to PC when the interface is not ready to display help for keyboard controls?
,Not Recommended,314070,18790727,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"J'aime le baseball, autant commencer par là.Le système d'I.A est particulièrement bien fait et permet de régler la difficulté au poil de nouille pour qu'elle soit a votre niveau, pour être sûr de toujours avoir un adversaire à votre mesure.Cela dit, deux points qui m'ont fait regretter mon achat:- il n'y a pas grand chose: juste des matchs simples et des saisons (+/- longues, c'est customisable). Pour moi, il manque des modes de jeux (multi, carrière, my player, que sais-je..)- les contrôles sont compliqués et auraient surement pu être simplifié ou tout du moins être mieux expliqué. là, en l'état on nous balance 5.000 infos en 30 minutes, j'en ai oublié la moitié, du coup je ne sais pas contrôler correctement mes joueurs.BRef, bon ""petit jeu"", mais même en promo a 13 €, c'est un peu beaucoup cher pour ce qu'il y a dedans."
76561198058107202,Not Recommended,314070,22859854,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,murderbucket,"If you're looking for a game that is an accurate recreation of the actual game of baseball, this is not for you. Awful AI, wonky, cartoonish mechanics, and bugs galore. It would be a good cell phone game to kill time, but as a stand-alone PC game, it needs a lot of work."
76561198127781951,Not Recommended,314070,18631262,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SWAGHETTI YOLOGNESE,"I occasionally like baseball as a sport (I don't follow MLB or anything) so i'm not a supers fan at all, but i like the idea of the baseball game in which you have to time your batting and pitching and run around the bases, maybe upgrade your team and what not. I played in solo mode (not even sure if there is multiplayer) so i'll base my review on that.The mechanics of the game are not that bad for a baseball game, in essence, it is what you would expect, you need to time and select a good strategy for pitching and batting and you have a few options for stealing bases etc. But overall, this was fun for 1/2 a game for me, the AI is not challenging so its sort of a walk in the park for 35 minutes watching cut scenes and being bored. At the end of the game I thought at least i would spend some time upgrading and whatever and maybe it would get more interesting with time but the upgrading options are so light that they could just be non existent. I tried a few games like that but it was just unbeareable as a ""career"" mode game.Sorry Devs, nice effort, we don't see many of these in the market. But it needed something else."
,Not Recommended,314070,18151432,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,HypoLuxa13,"When it works, it can be fun. But about 4/5 times I start the game, it doesn't recognize my X360 controller plugged into my PC. I have to exit and restart several times in a row usually to be able to play. A lot of the time, after 4 straigh restarts of the game, I get fed up with it and don't even want to play it anymore.Hopefully the rest of you aren't experiencing this, but it is annoying enough for me to not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,314070,22602204,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,andy,It doesn't even let me play the game even though i have the required specs to play....
,Not Recommended,314070,17679343,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hezakai,"Didn't care for it.  The controls are terrible, especially fielding.  There is also no way to remap said terrible controls.  First time I've ever requested a refund in over 300 purchases from Steam."
76561198047955181,Not Recommended,314070,17687836,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Doggo,"Bad controls. Clunky gameplay. No online multiplayer. Might be for some, just not for me."
,Not Recommended,314070,18839799,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kölzig,.
76561198305504608,Not Recommended,314070,28427833,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Spud_Boy_14,This game is kind of dissapointing but overall 3.2/10
,Recommended,314070,17649666,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Set,.
,Not Recommended,314070,25419035,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dark | Soviet caseshot.net,"Very confusing mechanics, and it didn't teach me how to play when I started playing a game. It's made to use an Xbox 1 controller, but PC Master Race, amirite? Almost all controls are put in Xbox controller buttons. Please make this more balanced between PC gamers and Xbox gamers. Not recommended cuz savage."
76561198134562643,Not Recommended,314070,17670890,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Timbushpk,No Multiplayer by bad for not checking  but really!!!  is this 1995
76561198024975130,Recommended,314070,19098795,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,This is a great game and I am not even a baseball fan.
76561197995436761,Recommended,314070,19084672,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,jcaracc2003,"Let me preface this review by stating that I am a baseball fanatic. In fact, I believe I am the only person in the United States that follows baseball and no other sport. I am a student of the history of the game - especially the Dead Ball Era. As such, I have played every ""serious"" baseball sim with mainstays being OOTP and Baseball Mogul.I've been looking for a fun arcade type baseball game. In the glory days of the C64 and Amiga it was Hardball, MicroLeague Baseball and Earl Weaver baseball - the latter a decent strategy sim. My best friend and I used to stay up all night playing Hardball on the C64. I tried other arcade titles such as Star League Baseball, and The Show. None of these could touch the sheer fun of the first iteration of Hardball - until now.Super Mega Baseball Extra Innings - known for the rest of this review as SMBEI - has completely captivated me. There are no trades, the longest season is only 40 games, there are limited substitutions, and the game looks like a nice little game forkids. But, don't be misled by these observations. SMBEI is a well done representation of baseball in an arcade format. Developer Metalhead have put a lot of love into this game and it shows. The game plays very well with KB and mouse even though the devs recommend a controller.There is a visceral feeling to hitting the ball and pitching is a blast. The cartoon aesthetic may put some potential gamers off but, this is really quite a serious baseball game. The parks look fantastic, the fans are hilarious, and the cusomization is pretty good.Difficulty level is determined by a mechanism nown as ""ego."" The higher the number, the more challenging the game is. And I would strongly suggest that after a few games to ratchet up the ego rating for a real challenge.All of that said, there isn't complete joy in Mudville.You cannot create your own teams, bench and bullpen are very limited and while replayability is good, it could be better with more teams as well as an option to import stats from the free Sean Lahman Baseball Database.It's the perfect baseball game to play when you aren' feeling up to the intricacies of games like Baseball Mogul and OOTP. Hardball has been dethroned; SMBEI is the new king. Long live the kin!"
76561197972307742,Recommended,314070,18737637,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ty,"After playing 2 exhibition games, this is a great sports game and a great spin on the sport of baseball. It seems like a game that would be easy to pick up but hard to master.Its got a Dugout Heroes feel to it but with a pitching and hitting component to it that I feel makes the game much more unpredictable and has more of a learning curve than Dugout Heroes. This is a good thing. It makes the game have a reason to learn to dial in and master your pitches instead of most other games that let you lace one down the middle pitch after pitch.Im looking forward to playing co-op with this one with friends and drink some Pabst."
76561198018452282,Recommended,314070,18736212,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BulgingBolshevik,Awesome game... very arcade-y with extensive stats. Great controls. Shame there's no career mode.I recommend it. I really enjoyed it - a nice escape from those intense Out of the Park simulators where you can finally PLAY the game.7.5/10
76561198084957291,Recommended,314070,18742477,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dudeinthenorth,"Fully embodies the spirit of the first Ken Griffey game for the snes, while maintaining fairly current and common baseball game mechanics. Easy to pick up, but with an excellent sliding difficulty scale, certainly difficult to master. Would love a career mode, but either way I'm going to be spending a lot of time playing this game"
76561198035364597,Recommended,314070,18764701,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Vic Rattlehead,"This game is a treat to play as it allows the player enough depth and challenge without abandoning the fun principle, which in unfortunately overlooked in many current games.   This fun factor is best supported by its solid  and mostly intuitive control mechanics and vibrant atmosphere.  This is the first baseball game that didnt compel me to go out and buy a brand new baseball bat and break it over my knee because the mechanics and flow of the game were so infuriating.The cons for some (which in my opinion are strengths as it contributes to its charm) are no mlb licencing (which is fine because I dont want to pay for that) and limmited teams and field choice (again acceptable as sometimes less is more as I find i spend more time looking at the options rather than playing).  As many pointed out, the running system is a little unintuitive.Bottom line: a fun engaging wieldly game that doesnt take it self too seriously but offers the player enough depth to play a casual arcade slugfest and/or manage, customize and play a team throughout a season.  Very pleased with this game!"
76561198091406679,Recommended,314070,18736990,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,drtMCGURT,This is a fun a simple game.
76561198031489637,Recommended,314070,18735269,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,YODA'sDream,Im hooked...9/10
,Recommended,314070,18815234,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DaPhuuLz,"ภาษาไทย ด้านล่างครับ-Very Fun Casual Baseball. Not so much Tactical.-In this game You mostly play Pitching, Batting and Fielding.You can Customize the Players' Appearances and Names also , in Season Mode, Stats (via Staff Trainings, Gears, Styles)Cannot create your own Team or Players though. only customize the existing players.Sadly there is not much Depth about Tactics (No detailed fielding positions and other few things)But It's a very fun PC Baseball game i've played in a while (i think there's still not Enough Baseball game on PC)I currently play on a Long Season. and it's really long (now at 22 of 48 games). I have grown to like my Customized Players with their individual play style.The game run smoothly for me at 60fps (max) in fullscreen and windowed mode.Control with KB&Mouse and Controller is good. I did not get any problem so far.(Playing Local Multiplayer with 1 controller vs/with KB&Mouse need a bit of tweaking in the config file. As detailed in the Forum)ps. As you may already know the Graphics and Art styles are Comical. Don't expect any Eye-Candy.======================สำหรับ PC แล้ว เกมเบสบอลนี่จัดเป็นประเภทเกมที่ค่อนข้างหายากเลยจริงๆเกม Super Mega Baseball Extra Innings นี่ เป็นเกมที่เล่นสนุกๆ แบบไม่ได้ลงลึกรายละเอียดเกี่ยวกับ Tactic มากนักหลักๆ ที่เราจะเล่นในเกมนี้ก็มีสามส่วน คือ เล่นเป็นคนตีลูก (Batting) ขว้างลูก (Pitching) แล้วก็คนเก็บลูก (Fielding)น่าเสียดายที่ไม่สามารถกำหนดแทคติกอย่างละเอียดได้ ตำแหน่งผู้เล่นจะอยู่ที่เดิมๆ ตลอดเวลา และก็ไม่มีการซื้อขายแลกเปลี่ยนผู้เล่นให้ทีมตัวเกมมี 2 โหมด คือ Exhibition (เล่นโชว์ รอบเดียวจบ) และ Season (เล่นฤดูกาลมีให้เลือกสามระยะ สั้น, ปานกลาง, ยาว)เราจะสามารถปรับเปลี่ยนรูปร่างหน้าตาของนักเบสบอลในทีมได้ ถ้าเล่นโหมดฤดูกาลก็จะสามารถ จ้าง Trainer มาอัพ Stat ให้กับผู้เล่นได้ตัวเกมเล่นลื่นไหล ล๊อคไว้ที่ 60เฟรมต่อวินาที การควบคุมใช้ได้ทั้งคีย์บอร์ดเม้าส์ หรือจอยแพดเล่น Local Multiplayer ถ้ามีจอย 1 อัน ต้องไปตั้งค่าในไฟล์ config (รายละเอียดหาดูใน Forum เองละกัน)ปล. กราฟฟิคเกมจะมาแนวขำๆ ไม่ต้องหวังอะไรมากกับเรื่องความสวยงาม"
,Recommended,314070,19043308,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Matthias_Wlkp,"This is BY FAR the best baseball game on Steam. You have plenty of options how to throw the ball, how to hit and some very convenient runners control. I started with R.B.I., but this I like far better, even though it doesn't have MLB license.I'm fairly fresh to baseball and this game helped me to understand some of the strategies that include pitcher substitutions (starting, relief, closing), pinch runners, etc.I highly recommend customizing your team and name them after friends or family, so they are easier to track.Sirloins rule!"
76561198177216043,Recommended,314070,19301034,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,GorillaRage33,lol this game is sooo much fun. Just buy it get to the plate and let it rip.
,Recommended,314070,19371456,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,canes,"It's so refreshing to see a sports game developed by people who put their heart and soul (you can really tell) into it because they love the game.  Can't say the same about the big name sports titles that get regurgitated every year by corporate drones.On the surface, this game harkens back to RBI Baseball, Baseball Stars, and Ken Griffey Jr baseball.  Beneath the surface, though, is where it really shines.  The physics are remarkably accurate and repeatable, and the team management system is almost as fun as the gameplay in terms of balancing strengths/weaknesses and deciding exactly what kind of team you want to take the field.  Difficulty is user-managed by the EGO system (1-99), which determines not only how well the CPU will play but also how good your joystick skills will need to be to pitch/hit your way to victory.I can't recommend this game enough for baseball fans of all types.  It isn't just for older fans of the aforementioned games.  Rather, it should appeal to fans of almost any age or gaming desire other than hardcore simulation."
,Recommended,314070,19302360,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,OGMurph,Wow my first review. This game may seem cartoony but !$#@ this game is legit.  Very enjoyable. Bought it at the same time as black ops III and i started this instead. great freaking game!
76561197960274298,Recommended,314070,17837440,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,pandas | brad,First baseball game I've played since Bases Loaded.
76561198012041282,Recommended,314070,17838352,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Schumi,"What's not to loveYou change change player and team names.Would be nice to change logo'sIt looks simple but don't be fooled, you still need to put your coaches head onReminds me of when baseball games use to be fun"
,Recommended,314070,17841261,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ArcadEd,"I've been waiting for a non licensed baseball game for a long time now, and this one hits a homerun.  It's fast paced, arcadey and just down right fun to play.  Thank you Metalhead software.  The best game I have ever bought on steam."
,Recommended,314070,17820471,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kuma Raccoon,"This is a really fun game! Fun gameplay, and get to make your own players for every team. Wish they'd make more games like this for other sports like football, basketball, hockey, and even soccer. :)"
76561198214113871,Recommended,314070,17669218,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,vincefanghella,Fun baseball game!  It lives somewhere between more current simulator games and classic two button baseball.  Would like more personization but it still has enough.
,Recommended,314070,17673001,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,XeonotriX,I love this game!!! Hopefully they will add Multiplayer later on.
76561197969673552,Recommended,314070,17675533,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,=SEALZ= Medic,"Do not let the graphics fool you, this is a serious basball game. Funny and light hearted but as serious as a line drive to the Adam's apple.  The only possible complaint after several hours of gameplay, the game needs online multiplayer. The devs mentioned that's the number one requested feature and stated they could make no promises but they are aware how much multiplayer is desired. COngrats to Metalhead Software, your fist game is brilliant."
76561198024270997,Recommended,314070,17681463,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,loupfu,"I'm not a fan of baseball but this game is fun and deep enough to make me want to learn more about this sport !Neat, efficient, well optimized, an excellent console portage !Good job, devs !!"
76561198037565362,Recommended,314070,17681547,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Architeuthis,"The arcade playstyle, graphics, and gameplay in this game are beyond fun. The enjoyment I've taken from playing SMB reluctantly pushes me towards the ""thumbs up,"" but this game is not without issues.Cons--First and foremost: CRASHES. I took my beloved Moonstars on a long, 9-inning season. We dominated, it wasn't always easy but we got it done. Here's the deal: if the game crashes (which it does, most often RIGHT WHEN YOU WIN A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME) you take a loss. That's right, 11 innings of intense ball, we walked it off with a damn homer in the  bottom of the 12th and the game crashed. I reloaded, we had ""Lost 0 - 1"" against our division rival. I almost broke my keyboard.-Limited customization on a team level. In creating a new team, you're really cloning one of the twelve pre-existing ones with the option of customizing the characters themselves, but only by appearence. Hopefully someday we'll see the ability to create new teams and edit their icons, colors, player stats, etc.-Two game modes: Exhibition and Season. No batting, pitching or fielding practice.-ALL THE CONTROL MAPS ARE IN XBOX CONTROLLER TERMS. You will occasionally and minorly be indicated as to what keyboard/mouse controls to use but by in large, if you aren't playing with an xbox controller you'll have some learning to do. This makes fielding extremely difficult.Pros--You're wondering after all of that why I reccomend this game. In truth- it's just incredibly fun. As a die-hard baseball fan, I love every minute that this game is functioning well. It has a long way to go (more parks, teams, options, fixes, etc.) but the ceiling is VERY high.-Stats. They aren't overly advanced (no WAR, RC, WHIP, etc.) but you do get to build your players batting average, era, etc.over a season and that's cool-visuals are great, the crowd dynamic is awesome (though the devs should know most parks don't blow fireworks when the away team HRs...)-Season options are great-""Ego"" difficulty setting is awesome. You can customize the difficult of most aspects of the game to suit your playstyle."
76561198082484693,Recommended,314070,17808494,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Publius Quinctillius Varus,"Fun and addictive, even if you, like me, don't have a clue about baseball. The controls are excellent, not arcadey at all and the difficulty system keeps it challenging. It's one of the best learning curves I've seen in a sports game. Personally I could have done with more teams, but that's about it on the negative side. Also it's good value for money"
,Recommended,314070,17922538,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Shurp,"Absolutely love this game. Easily the best baseball sim on PC and tons of fun! A must buy if you're looking for a fun baseball experience on PC.Pros-Suprisingly deep simulation. Physics are great-Fun, light cartoon style (Check out the signs all over the stadiums. They are hilarious!)-Customization of players (aesthics)-Tight batting and pitching mechanics-Fast paced games. No wasted time, all baseball!-""Ego"" difficulty system lets you customize the game to your level. You can set it so that every game you play is competitive and exciting-Stat tracking-Local multiplayer-Works great with mouse+keyboard or a gamepad-Great looking stadiums at a variety of settings-Tons of fun!Cons-No online multiplayer-Lack of depth in season mode (No trades or management, clunky player progression)-Only 12 teams in two divisionsOverall a fantastic, light baseball game with suprisingly deep physics and tight mechanics."
,Recommended,314070,17960091,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TeamSmores,"My video for the review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDGhOy-jG5APresentationWe’ve all heard the cliché, “Don’t judge a book by its cover.” Well don’t judge a game only on its graphics. This game might have some PS2 level graphics, but at least it means basically any computer made past 2004 will be able to run it. The stadiums and environments are pretty cool. They’re nothing too spectacular, but at least there are some interesting things to look at in the background along with the crowd. Speaking of the crowds, visually they are very impressive. They all look like individuals and all have animations that go at different times, not just flat picture in the stands that bobs up and down. Unfortunately, the sound is off. They cheer just as loudly for both teams, and they usually end up rooting for the away team which doesn’t make sense. Also, the sound design in general is just okay. Most of it is pretty decent, but some of it is just really annoying. (Que the Ump). Overall, presentation leaves a lot to be desired, but that’s not the main draw to this game anyway.ContentSuper Mega Baseball: Extra Innings does have a lot to offer in the content category. There are a good amount of teams to choose from to start your season. I love the fact that you can change every single one of your players from their physical characteristics to their name. You can hire and fire staff to help level up you players as well. The further you progress the better staff you are able to hire. I also like that you have a full stable of pitchers including multiple starting and relief pitchers, as well as a closer. You also have to manage their stamina so you can’t start the same pitcher multiple games in a row. It’s a really nice feature, one I wouldn’t assume a game like this would have, but it only adds to the simulation of the game. I wish there was some way to trade players. That is not too much of a big deal, but it would add to the simulation even more. There is also local CO-OP play, which is a must for me for any good sports game. Unfortunately, there is no online play for exhibitions or for season mode. I certainly wish there was as it would help with the replayabilty a lot.GameplaySuper Mega Baseball: Extra Innings really hit gameplay out of the park. The pitching is incredibly satisfying. Hitting can be pretty hit or miss. Sometimes it’s really easy and you hit 5 home runs in a row, sometimes you pop every one up. It’s still a really nice feeling system that I enjoy using. Fielding is okay, I don’t like that you can’t catch the ball on your own, the AI does it for you and diving could use a little work, but making nice diving catches and incredible throws feels really nice. I really like the scalable difficulty, the ego slider allows for basically 100 different difficulties as well as fine tuning the CPU’s stats with the Ego Mode button. This makes it a really easy game to get in to, as well as a pretty difficult game to master. My biggest complaint about the gameplay isn’t about gameplay at all. It’s actually the distinct lack of gameplay. When you are simulating until you play your next game, you have to watch each game. They usually take about 8 or so seconds to simulate, but when you have 15 games  to simulate, you spend a lot of time just staring at the screen doing nothing. Overall I love the gameplay."
76561198121713632,Recommended,314070,18000790,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MostBeast234,"It's been around 12 hours since I bought the game, and I spend more than 3 hours on it already. I shouldn't have to explain how great this game is, just get it!"
76561198028714052,Recommended,314070,18049758,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,woozy,"I'm a sucker for arcadey-baseball games. Was a huge fan of the old Slugfest games and Mario Baseball on Gamecube. This game fits right in. You can expect a lot of offense, but the pitching mechanics also are quite fun and old-school.  If you hit your locations and put together decent pitch sequences, you can really shut down the opposing team's offense. The game employs a difficulty modifier called ""Ego"" that allows you to tweak the difficulty as you get better and better, which is a nice touch that seems to work well at keeping the CPU competitive.  I've never been a huge fan of the MLB The Show franchise, it's just too serious for my taste. Super Mega Baseball provides a nice casual baseball experience on the PC, which has been needed for some time.Pros:-Accessible, simple control scheme-Surprisingly fun pitching controls-Awesome player names-Pleasant graphics, nice colorsCons:-No online multiplayer-If you're one of the stat-crazy sabremetric baseball fans, this game may not give you your crazy stat crack fix-The controls may be too simplistic for some-A narrow selection of stadiums"
,Recommended,314070,17697855,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,24SteelStrings,"I've played about 10 games between exhibition, local multiplayer, and season play, and it absolutely holds up.  It's a nice departure from the exact science of an MVP/2K sim without the half-finished feel of RBI Baseball.  The gameplay feels like Backyard Baseball for an older audience and plays really well with a controller.  It has surprising depth, especially at the higher Ego levels, but was still simple enough for someone who has never played a baseball game before to pick up and play.I like the atmosphere of the game, keeping things fun without going over-the-top trying to be hilarious.  The ball physics are impressive -- it's not unusual to get 7-10 pitch at-bats by fouling pitches away, and I had one particularly memorable instance where a bunt started foul and rolled fair.  Pitching is immersive and rewarding, requiring you to really think or risk getting hit hard from being predictable, and requires a bit more skill than simply point-and-click without relying on ridiculous stick gestures.  The Ego system is a unique and, I think, well-executed approach to the difficulty system, letting you individually tweak different aspects of gameplay to make the game challenging without being unforgiving.The game isn't without flaws, though, and arguably the biggest one is that fielding can feel a little sluggish.  The right stick is used for diving/jumping plays, and isn't as smooth or responsive as even MVP's controls were.  The players tend to automatically wander towards the ball, but there's not a ball indicator or catch circle to go off, so there are times where you feel like you're at the mercy of the RNG gods.  You also don't have a lot of control in customizing the game -- the team names, logos, and player attributes are all untouchable, but you are able to customize the players' appearance to give it at least some of your personal touch.  The inability to even change the players' handedness is a little disappointing.All in all, this is an incredibly fun game right out of the box.  It handles well and strikes a nice balance between realism and arcade-like fun, and I think a few well-placed tweaks could really put it over the top.  9/10 and an absolute steal for $15-20."
76561198038175210,Recommended,314070,17700336,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mez,Does exactly what it says. Love it.
,Recommended,314070,17700582,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Target Bravo,"Let me just start off by saying I'm not a particularly big fan of baseball or sports games.Now let me finish by saying this game is awesome and if you're even remotely interested in it, chances are it won't disappoint.8/10"
76561197970724266,Recommended,314070,17702352,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jer,"Good art, good music, good style and presentation.  No noticable bugs or problems.  I had to quickly crank up the ego (difficulty) once I had the hang of the mechanics.  I'm glad a fun baseball title like this has made it to the pc.  I hope the dev supports it with additional goodies going forward.  Overall very entertaining!"
76561198082684294,Recommended,314070,17702116,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,kayak83,"Definitely recommend.I'm not a baseball fan, really. But I loved RBI Baseball as a kid and had no interest in something fully sim'd like the console versions of MLB: The Show. Make no mistake, though. This isn't just some cheap arcade game. This game has big personality, detailed controls and well excecuted at just about ever level. For the $15 I paid, I can't say anything really negative about it.Some of the controls for pl;ayer movement feel a bit clunky. I.e.- fielding (diving/jumping- controlling different players) as well as base running."
,Recommended,314070,17684292,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,William Shakesman,The first pitcher for the all-arounder team's name is Hurley Beaner.The third in the batting lineup is named Buster Biggs.This is great baseball.
76561198058267679,Recommended,314070,18206892,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,NECKER,"I liked this game. It took me a few frustrating losses to get the hang of it but it's a fun game once you learn the controls. I only wish it had more customizable options such as team name, team logo, and choice of home stadium. The game would also benefit from more stadiums, more character creation options, a  salary system for upgrades similiar to Baseball Stars from the NES, and better fielding controls. It has an arcade feel but lacks bench clearng brawls and there are no commentators to add that since of realism that makes these kind of games unique. I have high hopes for strong DLC in the near future."
76561197969543205,Recommended,314070,18190501,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Noruas,GREAT baseball game for the price! The ump's are HILARIOUS!
,Recommended,314070,18940332,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Amnesty,"I really like this game. I was looking for a baseball game I can play season mode and I get this and more. I enjoy playing season modes in baseball not only to see if I can make it to the play offs and win but to see stats stack up during the season. How will each player has done for me through it all. This game not only gives me that but as you play consecutive seasons your over all stats are added together. I am right now in the middle of my second season in this game and I can see how many home runs I have hit, how many times I have struck out, how many pitches I have thrown how many double and triple plays I have made and on and on. I love this!The difficulty setting is something I have not seen. I am use to difficulty settings of something along the lines of ""Easy, Medium, Hard, Very Hard""  In this game your  difficulty is based on your EGO number. The higher the number the more difficult the game will become. It offers a grander scale to work with based on your desire so it is actually easier to find a good difficulty level for you than any other baseball game. (That I have played that is). Which brings me to my next thought, I was hesitant on buying this game, because I usually find in baseball games that you can create a team and just power slug fest your way through, having scores of 40-0 lol Its fun sure for awhile but then there is no difficulty and becomes boring after awhile. WIth the difficulty system you can avoid this problem.I have 2 things that I do not like about this game. The season is really short even on the longest length. 48 games. I can over look that though, it is just sad though.The biggest issue I found in this game, and it may just be me, but the controls on the keyboard. Have mercy I had such a hard time trying to adjust and use it that I finally got a game controller LOL.I recommend this game w/ controller!"
76561197972247094,Recommended,314070,30594317,Posted: 18 March,all,Dayman,"Played it for a few hours. It's okay I guess.I hear they're making a second one, too. Not that I'd be paying attention or anything."
76561198112037188,Recommended,314070,18350282,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,bob,"There is some real baseball fun to be had with this game and the EGO system allows you to fine tune it to your skill level as you improve, so I haven't been bored or overwelmed yet. Upping the EGO level (it goes from 1 - 99 also gives you a higher scoring multilpier to improve your scores on the leaderboard. I'm using an xbox gamepad and the controls are smooth and similar to other baseball games. Don't let the arcade look fool you as there is a great baseball game hiding behind those cartoon characters. I can play a 9 inning game in about 30 minutes.I paid the full 20$US price for this game and it was/is worth it. Pure arcade fun!10/10"
,Recommended,314070,17686752,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Monosaurus,"This is what Steam needs more of...non-licensed sports games, without a year on the end of the name.  NHL and NFL equivalents would be very welcome."
,Recommended,314070,18517084,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Maddog McGee (Z.X.U.),"This game is simple and fun baseball game like you would have seen on the nintendo, Only not sprites. The game is honestly very easy and simple to get good at. But the parks are good and the teams are fun. I just wish you could create your own team name and image. You can however customize the characters of your team. Overall I liked it for mindless baseball fun."
76561198012629374,Recommended,314070,19585852,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Bigz,"I really enjoy this game, The customization is really awesome, and gameplay is awesome too. This game keeps a lot of  great stats.  I didn't want to play this game at first cause of the graphics but they kinda grow on ya.  I got this game on sale and was well worth it."
76561198080117003,Recommended,314070,19724089,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,keithskud,"Despite how silly this game looks, it knows when to call the infield fly rule ... thoroughly impressed."
,Recommended,314070,20919055,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,beckybethke,"BTW, this is Becky's 30 year-old high-functioning autistic son Travis writing this review.Don't let the cartoony grapchics fool you, this is a true gem of a basebal sim considering its only baseball competiton on Steam is the R.B.I. Baseball which is OK gameplay but ths game has it beat by a long shot. Super Mega Baseball: extra Innings could be 1 of the biggest suprise PC games of the past 5 years IMO. From the game's cartoon-like graphics & stadiums to customizale player names this game will go down as 1 of the best sports games of the centruy IMO. This game reminds of a cross between R.B.I. Baseball for the NES & somewhat of a G-rated Mutant League series on the Sega Genesisi with the blood & violence. I'm giving Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings a definite 9.5 out of 10!!!!"
76561197968295715,Recommended,314070,21278591,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Calix,cool & easy to learn
76561198082845456,Recommended,314070,20863259,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Billy O,"Fun, casual baseball game.  Reminds me of the old RBI Baseball, which is a very good thing."
76561197978865813,Recommended,314070,21231499,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GetYeFlask,"Decent baseball game, although it didn't want to easily map with my usb controller."
,Recommended,314070,30738789,Posted: 25 March,all,TheRealTNT,"I like this game.  It is easy to play, has nice graphics, and is fun."
,Recommended,314070,22076072,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,jellowiggler,"Super deep, Super fun. Super easy to learn controls.  Super cool graphics.It's Super Mega Baseball!Still Super awesome! (We need a Super Mega hockey or football!)"
76561198008160341,Recommended,314070,19886270,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kilaz,fun baseball game with no stupid powers just arcade baseball
76561198083032727,Recommended,314070,19883655,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Jewce Is Lewse,"Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings is a fun, whimsical game about baseball. Even though the graphics might seem a little odd, the game is great fun, and the game developers have a great sense of humor. Especially during the current sale, it is a must-buy for baeball fans!"
76561198188488373,Recommended,314070,20312723,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,floydboyd (Ektan Botrym),"Great arcade-style baseball game here, folks. For about $20, you're probably not going to find a better one on PC. Compared to the awful (I thought) RBI Baseball 15, this game is a grand slam. The people that made this game knew what they were doing and obviously enjoy baseball. If you were into classic baseball games like Baseball Stars, then you'll probably like this one.True, there are no MLB rosters, but the players that are here are customizable to some extent. You can change their looks, numbers, and names. Their skill attributes can be improved over the course of a season through the acquisition of ""starpoints"" during games, hiring a coaching staff, and then assigning certain modifiers to players. Yes, it is as confusing as it sounds and not very intuitive at first, but I think I figured it out.Here are some quick pros/cons:PROS:- Excellent/fun gameplay, smooth animation.- 6 beautiful baseball stadiums with their own configurations and characteristics.- Simple and intuitive hitting and pitching interface.- No bugs that I have noticed yet.- Attention to detail in the stadiums and player animations (some funny player reactions).- CPU teams seem to make the right plays in the right situations.- ""Ego"" adjustment so you can play at varying levels of difficulty.CONS (but not really... I mean, for this price these aren't that bad):- Not very deep stats, just the basics. In season modes, you can look at the stats for your own team or the top-10 league leaders in the basic categories. Unfortunately, you can't compare total team stats with other teams. Errors are not counted. So all runs are earned, no matter if runs score because of dropped balls.- No Home Run Derby! This is too bad, because it's really fun to hit homers in these stadiums. There are all kinds of features over the fence for the ball to hit and bounce around a bit. It just doesn't ""disappear"" into thin air like some games. Please add a HR Derby mode!- All pitchers can throw the same pitches, although with various degrees of velocity and movement.- Not really a CON because this is probably just me... Baserunning with keyboard/mouse setup is quite tough to get used to. I understand how it works now, but I still screw it up. I've lost count of how many times I've run myself out of an inning because I have runners going in all kinds of ridiculous directions. But I did figure out that yelling and screaming at the monitor does NOT help.That's all I have for the moment. Hope this helps!"
76561197971225226,Recommended,314070,20244163,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dieselboypunker,"The pitching/batting mechanics make it easier for players who are not used to the a baseball game not get destroyed necessarily by curveballs, etc. So that's cool.The basethrowing mechanics though are beyond frustrating. There should be the option to include D-PAD + A or only one button with direction for your base. This option would allow users to do whichever works berst for them. RBI baseball does this.Edit: I went through the How to Play already, however I think it would be beneficial for you to be able to choose your throwing typen and preferences for an option."
76561198011453761,Recommended,314070,20461005,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,darkknighthsd,"love this game. good graphics, good game play, easy to learn. needs more veriaity of players, such as looks. also a couple more stadiums would help.. maybe some dlc content. but over all. very fun game"
,Recommended,314070,20325635,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Armysniper89,"Considering the lack of choice for baseball on the PC thanks the MLB, it comes down to this and RBI. I chose this one after playing it on the XBox and having fun. Its not realistic at all but if you loved the old ""Backyard Baseball"" series, then you will  love this game and its goofy team and player names. I enjoyed it and it will be fun to play from time to time. Considering that I got it for cheap at the holiday 2015 sale, it was a good win and out of a TON of games I bought it was the very first I played and did so for 9 hours!"
,Recommended,314070,19923811,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,faintdeception,"Don't let the fact that this is one of the only baseball sims available on PC fool you into thinking they phoned this one in. This is a solid baseball game. Don't get me wrong, it's no MLB the show, but if you're a PC gamer in need of some baseball fun then look no further."
,Recommended,314070,19918118,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ChefSword,"If this game was online Co-op, or just online multiplayer it would take it from REALLY good to Mainstream exceptional.  I plan to pump tons of hours into this game as is but, if you could run a kickstarter to help you guys get the funding to make this online I would make sure to donate!As is this is an exceptional game. I would love to be able to make my own team and team colors and such, but the character customization is great and the look of the toons are hilarious.  I don't right reviews as you can see, but this game is special to me and I wanted to say thank you.-Chef"
,Recommended,314070,19861873,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,FuriousLeg7,"Fantastic baseball game. The pitching and batting mechanics are top notch. Don't be put off by the cartoonsh nature this is a great game with realistic baseball physics. Baserunning can be confusing and you can't pick off baserunners, but other than that a great game for any baseball fan to have."
,Recommended,314070,19895490,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Larry,"Ive bought this game after reading the reviews and omg this game is seriously amazing, ive just been playing it for 2.6 hours and if it wasnt 7am over here i would keep on playing. Nice job"
,Recommended,314070,25042759,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Willy OD,"This is my favourite baseball game. almost 'nuff said. Season mode seems solid, though I've only played 12 games so far. (Haven't explored other game modes yet, I'll try to update my review later). Plays well with Xbox Controller. The ref's shouting is just pure greatness, trust me, you'll feel it in your throat."
76561198198006765,Recommended,314070,30850833,Posted: 31 March,all,tone1492,"Outstanding baseball game that is a lot more than meets the eye. The pitching and hitting mechanics are as good as any baseball sim and it will scratch the itch of super casual and hardcore baseball gamers. It does lack a lot of the stat tracking and normal gameplay options you would find in normal baseball games (no pitch outs, no pick off​ moves, etc) but the things that are included are implemented, presented and executed at an above avg level.What really makes this game appeal to casual and hardcore and all in between is the way difficulty is handled. You choose from 0-99 with 99 obviously being the toughest. A few points tweaked either way can mean the difference between a fair challenge, a walk in the park, or a flat out RNG laced tirade mixed with occasional rage quits. Luckily the sweet spot can always be adjusted as your skill level goes up even between in season games. This in my mind is groundbreaking and it should be adopted in every sports game in my opinion and it's one of the main reasons there is so much replay value in this game.Overall I highly recommend this title and don't get caught up in the 'arcade' reviews of this. Yes the art is cartoonish and the animations are not the most realistic, but this game is a chameleon. It can be an arcade game for some and a sim experience for others, give or take a few things.Pros- Pitching and hitting mechanics are top notch. Incredible- Very nice team upgrade system in season mode- Mojo system where players become hot or cold and perform poorly or above avg if the game pressure is high. Slumps and hot streaks happen based on this system.- Team appearances fully customizable- Most major stats tracked (not all)- Short Med Long Season- Difficulty setting should be blueprint for all games to followCons- Lots of normal baseball plays ommited from the game like pitchouts and pick offs.- No online co op- Players not proportioned to the size of the field.- Sometimes runners hold up on balls that will clearly not be caught. This can cost you some runs before you get used to adjusting to this.If you are a baseball fan and refuse to buy a PS4​ this is a must buy. No need to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,314070,25005452,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,anskotomov,Excellent and fun game mechanics in a very amusing form. I love the umps so much.
,Recommended,314070,25513337,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,buy it on sale...until they add online multiplayer
,Recommended,314070,25420897,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dalight13,"Bought this game a while back on PS4 and played tons of seasons. Bought it on special today on my laptop just to give it a good Steam review! Plus I got my PS4 controller connected so it's playing A1.The umpire makes this game so funny... ""You bet that's a strike"" when you look at one..It's clearly not comparable to The Show games but in my opinion, it's at the top of the list of Arcade/Funny baseball games.Go Expos"
76561198252330850,Recommended,314070,25419911,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SadBoys2002,I got the game on sale for around 7 bucks and it was worth every penny. A very fun baseball game.
76561198026985102,Recommended,314070,25467561,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gummy Bar,Everyone looks like Detective Baby Legs.
76561197987568720,Recommended,314070,25468886,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Justin,"I'm not a sports fan by any measure. But what I do like is local multiplayer games, especially head-to-head type, but co-op as well. This scratches that itch! Easy to get into and start a game with a friend. My only complaint is season mode isn't the same as exhibition, you can't play a season versus your friend.But, if Metalhead Software releases more sports games that are just as good and easy to play as this, SIGN ME UP! I'd beat down your door if you come out with a football game that was done with this art style but in the mode of Tecmo Bowl. Other sports would be welcome too. Hell, do the Olympics with lots of different sports as mini-games and I'd buy that day and date."
76561198033160998,Recommended,314070,25473666,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,stormwlf555,Its a very good basball game and plays well with keyboard and mouse.
,Recommended,314070,25473800,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rooster,With out a doubt the greatest baseball game i have ever played since Baseball for NES back in the early 80's. I bought this when it was on sale and had i known it was this damn good i would have paid full price for it in a heart beat. If you like baseball get it!
76561198001762742,Recommended,314070,25447606,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ranja123,Well crafted and plays very well on keybord/ mouse or controllers.
76561198200698222,Recommended,314070,25696339,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,chiefjasper,"Fun game if you are just looking for a short baseball game without a bunch of controls. Simple interface and simple learning curve make the season option available right away. No franchise mode, but if you are looking  for a franchise mode you also probably want more control during play. This game is not about that anfd you should look elsewhere. I bought it on sale but would pay full price for this game. This game does not take itself serious and neither should you, it is just overall fun in a short time span."
76561198198198751,Recommended,314070,30903217,Posted: 2 April,all,Wahrah,"Very fun to play. A bit complicated at the start (too many buttons and commands), but once you get used to it, it is a breeze. Lots of customization options for your team and players. Overall very very cool game."
,Recommended,314070,23557994,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lootron,"fun,while it lasted. as always,after i get past 50 hours my skill runs out. well i gotta get another game now."
76561198117314262,Recommended,314070,23773302,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gunsmith,An extremely fun arcade style baseball game. Even people that don't like the sport should give it a go!
76561198032456753,Recommended,314070,24094715,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sky_cancer,"simple yet complex, gfx are on the funny side.  fun game and one of the best baseball game on the pc at the moment"
,Recommended,314070,24219913,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MaxxtoN,"Bought this game out of boredom, expected to not understand a single thing and refund it within 2 hours. Instead I ended up playing for way too long. SMB is an awesome arcade-style baseball game, suitable for baseball fanatics and people who don't know anything about the sport at all (such as myself). Played a few exhibition-games in order to fully understand the rules and mechanics and then I started a season, which I'm currently enjoying a lot.So, pros and cons of this game would be:PROS:- Decent range of customization options.- Very smooth learning curve, yet hard to master at the higher EGO levels.- A difficulty that can be tailored at any time as you progress in the game.- Simple yet nice visuals.- Addicting gameplay.CONS:- No online multiplayer.- No saving mid-match.- Can't rename teams or change their logo/gear.Verdict: Awesome game that may seem overpriced at first, yet totally worth the price to anyone who likes arcade-style sports game. 9 out of 10 home-runs for sure!"
,Recommended,314070,24220377,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wankenstein,"This game is  really fun, if you are looking for an arcade style baseball game that also has solid systems, this is it.  Online multiplayer would make this game a MUST BUY for baseball fans that don't have a PS4 to play MLB the Show."
76561198055300822,Recommended,314070,24173106,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,gpserran8,This is an early review. Currently playing another game. Started this one to test. Had fun instantaneously. Satisfyed.
,Recommended,314070,30806246,Posted: 28 March,all,Ice Cream Jonsey,Really fun arcade-style baseball game that has full Steam controller support.
76561198038415022,Recommended,314070,24238512,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jackncheeze,Started playing the game on season mode with the extreme power teamHit endless amounts of home runsThought it couldnt get any betterI was wrong...All my players are now using PEDs and corked bats10/10 would cheat in Super Mega Baseball again
76561198063664854,Recommended,314070,23444770,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LTD500,"Love this game so farTo the Devs:--  I'd like to see more teams...or an option to adjust the number of teams depending on season length.-- Creat your own team / team logo...maybe from a pool of points that you can assign to your players to keep the team balanced against the AI teams.-- Also, a stat for pitchers to record perfect games.Overall...a fun game. The stat recording is great."
,Recommended,314070,20279768,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Remedy,"If you enjoyed the Backyard Baseball series, you'll enjoy this. It takes me back."
,Recommended,314070,30767779,Posted: 27 March,all,DISQUALIFIED.,"Seriously one of the greatest dark horses in the Steam Market right now. Steam is often to tied up to DotA 2 and CS:GO, but I urge everyone to just slow things down with a game of baseball or two with this game. If anyone grew up as a 90s kid will remember Backyard Baseball and this feels like a great upgrade from that. Nothing wacky here, but good ol' baseball. This game keeps my winter starvation away until the Spring Training season comes around. I definitely recommend buying an XBox 360 controller to play it. I did find using Keyboard+Mouse to be a little challenging at times where I had trouble throwing to the correct cut-off relay. Otherwise the mojo and pressure aspects make it fun and add slight wrinkles to player's effectiveness. This obvious becomes more recognizable at higher difficulties. Core UI and game interfaces is similar to MLB The Show. However you don't need to play a 162 game season.You're able to make things super casual and make uber short seasons. I highly encourage people to play all the teams as they start off with their own flavor. If you're confident in certain elements, you can try particular teams that cater to that and helps you learn the mechanic. I chose the Blowfish because I wasn't spot on with hitting. They're contact specialists. There's a team for anyone and everyone. If you not confident in fielding, there's a defensive team that can aid you as you develop your memory for this game.The only con I see for now is the depth of the team. There's about 5 bench position players (don't forget to upgrade them with your para-coaching staff). That's not bad. However at least for the Blowfish...there's only three relievers. AAAH!!! and the closer in my opinion isn't all that hot with this stuff. EEEKK!!! I guess my suggestion is make sure you take care of your pitchers and don't tire them out. Sure getting K's is nice, but an out is an out. I found CGs are gold in playing the season-long play mode.Playing this game since Christmas up to now (March 2017), I think it's a must-buy or must-gift to baseball fans that want to not play the usual popular Steam titles. Pick up a couple copies to allow for multiplayer. I can't comment on that just yet since I haven't found someone to play with."
76561198028243653,Recommended,314070,33438412,Posted: 10 July,all,MindTwisted,"This is an awesome baseball game similar to RBI Baseball, Baseball Stars, and MLB Power Pros. It is fun, nice to look at, doesn't take itself too seriously, yet provides tons of depth and replay value."
76561198075886206,Recommended,314070,30309834,Posted: 4 March,all,jalapenojon,"I still have Ken Griffery Jr baseball on the SNES and I belive the majority of people who played that SNES style of baseball will easily say that that might still be the best arcade baseball game.  So that is a very high standard set for arcade style baseball.  Does Super Mega Baseball meet that very high stanadard?KGJR baseball played fast and so does this game.KGJR baseball pitching was fun to control and so does this game.The hitting mechanics in Super Mega Baseball > KGJR baseball.You can adjust the difficulty by chaning the EGO number whereas in KGJR baseball, you were limited.And they are making Super Mega Baseball 2 as of this typing.I have a 3 GHZ Pentinum dual core CPU along with a Nvidia GT 730 1 GB GDDR5 GPU and I can play this game maxed out.Will I need Ken Griffery Jr baseball for the SNES after this?  Only for nostaglia purposes and it is going to collect dust until it ends up at a pawn store, a thrift store, or used game store.  Too bad they didn't port for the PS Vita like they said they would have done and it doesn't seem like Super Mega Baseball 2 is going portable as far as I know which is a darn shame.  Maybe a good Windows 10 tablet might do the trick here."
76561198070160841,Recommended,314070,30047941,Posted: 19 February,all,maldroits,"Remember Super Mario Sluggers or Backyard Baseball? I do. And I remember those games being way more fun than the hyper realistic MLB games that come out every year. If you like the realistic MLB games, more power to you, but if you prefer an over the top, cartoony, rewarding baseball game, this is definitely the one for you."
76561198049201691,Recommended,314070,29793863,Posted: 8 February,all,OP Nomad,"Don't let the cartoon graphics deter you. This is a fantastic baseball game. Great depth, challenging, and scratches that sports itch that I always seem to have"
,Recommended,314070,31052301,Posted: 9 April,all,Chuckles,"Reminds me of the old backyard baseball games and MLB The Show 2k. I am loving this game a lot, can't wait for SMB 2, which has multiplayer!"
76561198175673385,Recommended,314070,31252135,Posted: 20 April,all,dougout2.west,Wow! What a game.  Just like the real thing.
76561198120647391,Recommended,314070,31264943,Posted: 20 April,all,Thejac,"This game has been the perfect baseball game for me. Filling the void in the gaming world left by backyard baseball, Super Mega Baseball is a suberb game that has some of the most intense moments of any video game I have ever played. The difficulty system allows for players of different skill levels to faily compete, and makes the game much more enjoyable, learnable, and challenging. The replay value is very high, as no two games are ever the same, and I often find myself forgetting that the characters on my team are not real people. That is, I think, a testament to the strength of this game and the way that Metalhead (devs) really made the game feel real. Another strength of this game is the ability for co-op and PVP. Playing with your friends (up to 4 players total) really feels clean and well put together. It is also very fun, especially in the era of diminishing couch co-op. The steam controller is also great for this game. The developers are great, and respond quickly to support requests and are active in the various communities surrounding this game. I highly reccomend it to anyone looking to play some baseball."
76561198156760434,Recommended,314070,32856867,Posted: 27 June,all,billiumguy,Keep it simple.Not really a baseball fan.Good time killer when zoned out.Definitely gonna check out the new one.They knocked this out of the park.I'll see myself out.
76561198038861300,Recommended,314070,32965435,Posted: 28 June,all,GeekdUpCraZy,Love this game!Looking forward to the 2nd one in September.
76561198041277999,Recommended,314070,32815827,Posted: 26 June,all,Explosive Dysentery,"A solid baseball game. A cross between Wii sports and MLB Slugfest. Best with game pad, workable without."
76561197990115002,Recommended,314070,33095425,Posted: 1 July,all,ki+v(RzoD4>Y,Incredibly fun baseball :D
,Recommended,314070,33681952,Posted: 20 July,all,KND | PapaCam,"Let me begin by saying this. I grew up playing MLB The Show and played baseball very competitively myself. I enjoy deep and challenging baseball games.  I figured I'd give this a try since I have a PC now and not a PS4.  I was weary of the art style and how simple the game seemed on the surface.  When I finally began playing and got a few games under my belt to learn the mechanics well, my enjoyment with this game really began to soar.  The game is simple but thats the beauty of it (also a partial downfall). The art style is really fun and enjoyable.  There can be a massive challenge as you can set difficulty from 0-100 (I play 60). I will also add this game isn't quiet as arcady as it seems.  Overall a really fun game but lacks some of the simulation aspects of trading and team management.  If you enjoy baseball games and are looking for a fun game to pick and play for a few hours here and there this is definitely your game. However with the sequel coming out in September 2017 it may be worth it to simply just wait."
,Recommended,314070,33473213,Posted: 11 July,all,NYankee222,"I'm not very good at reviewing games, but wow. This game rocks!If you want great pick up and play baseball action, it doesn't get any better than this. The game has cartoon graphics, but don't let them fool you! The physics are great and the game itself is awesome. Definitely the best baseball game on Steam."
,Recommended,314070,35079964,Posted: 20 September,all,Rivi-diot [toj.cc] ^3S^6G^5G,"The best BaseBall game on steam, it plays just like a baseball game should. Its the best you'll get on PC unless you mod MVP baseball. Just wished it had Online Multiplayer :("
,Recommended,314070,35190115,Posted: 24 September,all,M1NdChArGeR,This is the funnest baseball game i have ever played.  The controls are perfect and if someone is complaining about them then they dont know anything about baseball.  They are perfect for mouse and keyboard or a controller i have tried both.  The hiring of trainers is very nice thing also.
76561197973272536,Recommended,314070,35443427,Posted: 3 October,all,NG,"Fun game to play even if you don't know much about Baseball. The charming cartoon character style may give the impression that it's not a serious or proper baseball game, but it's very much the opposite. The game has a very small rpg element where you hire agents for your players that give different boosts or reduction in attributes such as running speed, arm strength, ego, hitting etc. The game offers only exhibition and season mode, there is no training or tutorial mode which would help a lot for those that want know how to play rather than guessing. The game is fun, but with character customisation in appearence and stats & with just two modes there isn't a lot to keep you coming back to it."
76561198121067489,Recommended,314070,35454985,Posted: 3 October,all,jayDUByuhhh,"I've been looking for a baseball game that's easy to jump into ever since the Backyard Baseball series, and this one is it. The controls are easy to get used to and the expansive difficulty settings makes it so it's easy to play but you always have to option to be challenged. Although most of the fielding is AI, the pitching and hitting both feel very good. The game actually forces some form of plate discipline as the difficulty increases, which forces the game to be played smarter instead of just a glorified home run derby where you swing at everything.9/10 for me so far, with the only negatives being I occasionally feel like the AI is almost too controlling at times, and I've had a few freezes in game that result in an automatic loss instead of a saved game point."
