user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198139793138,Recommended,314160,13650916,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MadSpy007,"I'm a private pilot and I've owned the boxed version of Flight Simulator X for years.When I upgraded my system to Windows 8.1 I was saddened to see that my old Flight Simulator X started to develop glitches.  So when Steam released a new version I was excited.  I bought it on day one of it's release.However, free flight mode wouldn't work.  But after emailing DoveTail Games tech support they deteremined that I had a corrupt download.  I did a re-download and install and it worked perfectly.  The problems were not with the game.I'm very pleased that the graphics are better than ever.  There is over 24,000 airports around the world all with exact runway layouts, taxiways, buildings and scenery around the airports.  Plus every major city, tourist attraction, landmark, river, lake, stream around the world has been simulated. Navigation aides operate just like in real life.  Flight Simulator was a huge undertaking and it's all at your fingers for just a few bucks.  Amazing.If you plan to get your pilot's license or need a tool to stay sharp (without spending $100+ per hour to rent a plane), then Flight Simulator X is a must have.  It's just a no-brainer.  Even if you own other flight simulators, you won't find any with all these features.Microsoft along with other companies spent many years and millions and millions of dollars developing this product.  When it was developed it was actually built to take advantage of faster computers that would be available in the future.  That's why as time goes by, the game actually gets better.While I use it as a flight instruction tool, my son uses it like a game.  He enjoys the missions and together we go on sight-seeing tours.  We've  Flown over the pyramids and over the Nile river.  We've tooled over Washing DC and viewed the Lincoln Memorial, The Washington Monument and the Whitehouse.  You name it we've been there, Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, Space Needle, etc.Your kids will learn more about world gerography from this game than from any book.  Because it's not just pictures, it's real life simulation.  They have to take off froma local airport and actually find landmarks.After I bought my Steam version of Flight Simulator, I was going to install my boxed ""Accelleration Expansion Pack"".  But to my surprise, I found that it already came pre-installed with this Steam set.AND THE BEST PART... I once paid over $600.00 for a packaged video course on getting a private pilot's license.  But FSX comes with built in flying lessons by legendary Certified Flight Instructor Rod Machado.  He will teach you how to get not only your private pilot's license, then your instrument rating, then your commercial license, and then how to become an Airline Transport Pilot.  That much real life training in a real life flight school would be at least $25,000.  But you get it for free with FSX.Obviously nothing beats learning in a real plane, but this is a close second.  And it's all for the price of a pizza.Since my first purchase I have purchased several copies as gifts for friends and family and would recommend it as either a game or a learning tool for any future private pilots."
76561198091760955,Recommended,314160,28687843,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ellerfolk,"When I was a Navy primary flight instructor, I made sure my students practiced with Microsoft Flight Simulator.  The program didn't teach them everything they needed to know to become pilots, but it did help them get the hang of basic flight maneuvers, local area navigation, and instrument flying.  I could tell which students used FS and which didn't: the ones who had practiced with FS consistently performed better in the real plane.That was years ago.  Now, I have a child who has expressed an interest in aviation.  When I went looking for FS, I found it here on Steam.  I bought the program and a joystick, and today we worked on level turns.  He could turn to the assigned heading; he could maintain airspeed; he could hold altitude: he just couldn't do all three at the same time.  This is entry level, first-flight stuff, and I'd rather he get a feel for the three axes of flight for pennies at our kitchen table than for $250/hr for an instructor and a rental plane.  I'm thinking of this as $9.99 well spent!I'm running the program using Windows 10 in a Parallels window.  My computer is a 2012 MacBook Pro with a 2.9GHz Intel Core I7 processor, 8 GB of memory, and Intel HD Graphics 4000 1536 M.  The program's running smoothly, with many of the performance sliders at or near maximum."
,Recommended,314160,21174959,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,"Jens ""Kirurgen"" Trolldom","TL;DR: It's basically the same simulator that Microsoft published in October 2006. See the chapter about differences if you're not new to FSX.Long version:Those who don't know the series, should know that Flight simulator X is called FSX by short.I've been using flight sim software for a long time now, and actually got the FSX: Gold edition for free from Microsoft in 2006, so i have spent some hours (about 1500-2000) in this before it was released on steam.In this review i will focus on FSX: Steam edition as a game presented for new users, and then point out the differences between the Steam edition and the regular one that was published in 2006.Flight Simulator for new users:To be fair, if you only want to play FSX for casual arcadeish gameplay, crashing planes and so onDON'T BUY THIS.If you have checked out FSX on youtube and found HD videos of big living Airports, shiny ultra realistic planes, and other things that look very realistic, and think that this is what the ""game"" is, thenDON'T BUY THIS. These videos is a result of many add-ons, a beast of a machine, several short clips, and a lot of editing. They look incredible, but doesn't represent FSX for what it is.But if you are new to flight simulators and want to learn the basics of flying, and/or want to learn how to fly by instrument rules, or knows how to fly and want to fly from/to locations you know, you should buy this!A short list of what this simulator has to offer from stock:Pros:- It includes the whole world, with almost every airport (some big cities, but mostly blocky buildings at airpots).- Decent flight model (How the airplane reacts to the world)- Extreme rate of customization (see add-on chapter below)- Many settings that allow anything from basic to advanced flights- Decent amount of stock airplanes.Cons:- 32-bit architecture/VAS (See Add-on chapter)- Poor performance (Very CPU demanding, and not forgiving for AMD users)- Stock planes (very basic and does not represent the real aircraft very good)- Add-ons (see chapter below)Add-onsFlight simulator must be the sim with the most add-ons in the world. It's amazing how many developers that make things for FSX. Without the add-ons i would NOT recommend this simulator. An example of what add-ons you can buy/get is:-Airplanes:Anything from basic free planes, to really advanced and realistic airplanes like the Majestic Dash-8 Q400 or PMDG 737 NGX.-Scenery (Landscape/Cities/Airports):Anything from free fan-made stuff, to professionally made add-ons from companies like Orbx FTX, Aerosoft, Flight1, and so on.-Weather/Textures:Like with Airplanes and Scenery you can get a lot of other software to boost the quality of the weather system (new textures and possibilities to get the real world weather), ground and water textures.-Tools/Mission packs:You can also get a lot of mission-packs, and other tools. Both freeware and payware.Add-on cons:Even tho FSX is nothing without it's add-ons, it's still many problems with them. Often to get what you really want, you need to pay a lot of money to buy all the good add-ons. And there is also the fact that the more add-ons you add to FSX the slower it loads. Some add-ons also cause problems with other add-ons installed (from minor bugs to FSX not starting at all). This happens more often with freeware add-ons than payware add-ons.Also because of the poor performance in FSX, and the fact that it's heavy CPU demanding (I got an 4Ghz AMD 8-core processor) you might not get to a playable framerate if you have combine a detailed airport with for example the PMDG 737 NGX (6-10 FPS). If you run Intel you will get a much better performance because of the logical cores in the intel processor.Also; Remember that this version of FSX is called FSX: Steam edition. Even though every add-on for FSX should work on FSX:SE, some might have problems if not optimized for FSX:SE32-bit architecture / VASDisclaimer: Im no expert on how the architecture of software works, nor how VAS is built. The following are own experiences and forum research to find a solution to this problem.The biggest achilles heel that haunt allmost every FSX user is VAS (Virtual Access Space). Im not going to go in detail on what it is and how it works, but i will tell you the basics, and it's limitations.VAS is basically virtual memory (Note: this does not equal RAM, nor harddrive space). Each program you run gets it's own chunk of VAS that it can fill up. If the VAS limit is exceeded the program will STOP WORKING with the well known ""Out of Memory"" (OOM) error.FSX is built on the old 32-bit architecture. This limits the programs VAS to about 4GB. This becomes a major problem when you start putting add-ons in FSX. Too many add-ons, or add-ons that is poorly optimized will push the VAS limit and cause an OOM.The VAS will fill up over time. An example: FSX base game will take about 1,2 GB. When loaded into the world you will be at aprox 2 GB VAS. You then have a fancy add-on airport that takes about 300MB, and an add-on airplane that takes about 350MB. You then start flying with a VAS at 2,6GB. No problem you think? You take off and fly towards the destination, that is on the other side of the country. On your way you fly over 4-5 other add-on airports, and your VAS is suddenly 3,7GB. Then you reach your destination, and on final, about to land you hear a ""DING"", with a message telling you ""Out of memory"", and FSX quit.Another problem with the VAS is that it doesn't clear it's memory when you don't need it anymore. So if you fly a short trip from airport A to airport B where you reach 3,2GB VAS usage, and then start another flight from airport C, your VAS will still be 3,2GB.FSX Users have several solutions to avoid this error, like for exampel using a program to monitor their VAS so they can save the flight and restart FSX. Another solution is to deactivate all the scenery you don't need for the flight. Also, the AI traffic fills up the VAS, so be sure to have this set to 0%. Some developers also run the core of their add-on in windows and not FSX to save VAS usage.Other than that, it is NOT possible to fix this issue, other than developing a new simulator that uses a 64-bit architecture and allow higher VAS usage.Difference between FSX and FSX:SEIf you are a long-time user of FSX and wonder if you should buy the steam edition, the answer is maybe.I will list the main differences i've found between FSX and FSX: Steam edition:- FSX:SE is a re-released FSX: Gold edition, so all servicepacks are included- FSX:SE uses Steamworx for multiplayer. FSX used gamespy (no longer supported after february 2013)- FSX:SE can be installed on every computer you own using steam, and no CD-key required. Every FSX disc have a maximum installation limit of 5 before the disc is useless, and you had to save the CD-key.- FSX:SE is still supported and receives updates. Microsoft doesn't support FSX anymore.- Some bugs from FSX is fixed, and FSX:SE is tweaked to run better on modern computers.- FSX:SE does however NOT include the SDK that's included in FSX.There might be even more differences that i haven't noticed/forgot about when i wrote this.Overall it runs slightly better than FSX, and when i finally had to reinstall FSX i landed on using the steam edition.Conclusion:I recommend FSX:SE because of all the add-ons from FSX, and that there are few other decent options out there. You should also check out x-plane 10 and P3D (Lockheed-martins version of FSX).I wonder if anybody actually read this. :p"
,Recommended,314160,13437114,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mаndеlla644,"The Microsoft Flight Simulator series is one of the most iconic PC game franchises of all time, and, to an extent, back in '06 FSX lived up to what was expected of it. Aside from the obvious performance issues and supposed cut content relating to visual fidelity (some early screens depict incredibly dense scenery and fantastic lighting effects that weren't  seen in the final game, even on the highest settings), it was a good way for the series to come to a close. The Steam Edition of FSX now exists because of an agreement between Microsoft and Dovetail Games, who made the Train Simulator games. This agreement permitted Dovetail to make a few minor tweaks to the game to allow it to function properly on newer machines (specifically Windows 8.1), manage the updated multiplayer component, and obviously distribute it on Steam. I am not fond of the Train Simulator business model, and thankfully the devs have NOT modified FSX at all in this release, as a result the legal agreement. This ""Steam Edition"" comes with the Deluxe Edition of the original FSX, the ""Acceleration"" expansion pack, all service packs, and said performance enhancements. As I stated above, you can also play multiplayer again.If you're new to Flight Simulator, are an X-Plane enthusiast, or are just interested in aviation in general I strongly recommend picking this game up on sale, while the sale lasts. There is a TON of content included. FSX allows you to fly around the globe (no BS micro transactions for different places, a la ""Microsoft Flight"", the failed attempt to ""casualize"" the series in 2012) completely unrestricted, and comes with 24 planes/choppers, which all feature a set of liveries. The AI aircraft make the world feel more alive, and airports feature pivoting jetways and moving baggage/pushback trucks to add to the experience. If your PC will allow you to crank up the settings, you'll get the fully featured terminals, but expect your framerate to tank while on the ground.The simulator also includes a strong and (in my opinion) somewhat underrated set of missions, which are VERY well voice acted and feel incredibly realistic. I strongly advise anyone who buys this to not only enjoy the Free Flight mode, but also to play some of the missions. They range from extremely easy hand-holding missions in Ultralights to challenging air races in stunt planes, along with everything in between. My favorite part about the missions is that whenever the writers needed a guiding voice for the player, they carefully wrote a believable character into the mission who helps you with your task, rather than having a voice from above tell you what to do in every mission (you only hear this voice in the tutorial missions) or simply having written on-screen dialogue boxes instruct you, like most other flight sims out there. There is a LOT of content here, which is what sets FSX apart from its competition.Now, while FSX is a great sim, it's still 8 years old. There are some worthy alternatives out there, probably the most famous being X-Plane, which, unlike FSX, is still being actively developed. It runs better, but the world you're playing in doesn't match the complexity and visual fidelity of that of FSX. The planes look and feel more realistic, but the game is not necessarily technically superior to FSX. From an objective standpoint FSX takes the crown when it comes to gritty realism in most cases because of how the game is programmed from a simulation standpoint. These games may look similar onscreen, but under the hood they are completely different. FSX handles almost everything physics related by computing complex mathematical equations based on data tables for each aircraft, whereas X-Plane was literally born as a wind tunnel simulator, which sets it ahead of FSX on the tech side in some respects. You can easily make your own plane in X-Plane, since the physics are handled by its wind tunnel engine, whereas in FSX you need to go in with a full knowledge of how it will perform to do the same. It took the ACES team years to perfect the physics of each aircraft, some of which would carry over from previous iterations of Flight Simulator because it took such meticulous research to get the tables perfect. That being said there is a lot of free content available online for both games. And yes, from what I can tell legacy mods function in the Steam Edition of FSX.Now for the subjective part of the review. You have been warned.While I was very fair in my above comparisons between FSX and X-Plane, it's worth mentioning that X-Plane isn't all it's cracked up to be with regard to actual content. You'll often see advocates online telling you to ""come into the future"" because FSX is outdated. If the future means paying for individual airports and aircraft models, count me out. Let's talk about X-Plane's own Steam release. The product itself, which is fully priced mind you, is essentially just the game engine with a few mediocre airplanes and Tarmac-only airports. Just abandoned parking lots (on par with respectable mobile sims like Infinite Flight...wow). I've been told that you need to pay for additional content, which in my opinion is very unjustified here. I can see this model being fair in sims like Rise of Flight, but here? Thankfully X-Plane has a rather nice free modding scene, so that may be a saving grace. Furthermore, the full install is 80 gigabytes. This is probably the result of distrust between the devs and their autogen engine, since, unlike Microsoft, their map data wasn't acquired internally (FSX uses MS's own satellite imagery, which means ACES, the Microsoft game studio behind FS, was inherently more familiar with the data and how they could use it to apply automatically generated scenery). It's a shame the Flight Simulator series isn't still around to offer some serious competition, because X-Plane currently dominates the non-militaristic subsection of the flight sim genre, and it's got a ravenous community to defend its every business decision. The engine is good and runs well on most PCs built within the past few years, though it is a huge memory hog. FSX isn't, but its utilization of modern CPU configurations is embarrassingly poor.In conclusion, if you're going into the simming genre hoping for a fully featured, fleshed out flight sim that's excellent for beginners and is the absolute pinnacle of its genre (the FS series is over 32 years old!) FSX is a great choice. This is the only official version of FSX still sold today, and it's very unusual to see a product like this from a company like Microsoft show its face on Steam. Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition, while considerably outdated, is a welcome addition to the wonderful collection of flight simulators available on Steam."
,Recommended,314160,18666336,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kabacus,"A slightly re-vamped version of the 2006 classic.  Dovetail Games have agreed distribution rights with Microsoft for this flight-sim and released it on Steam late 2014.  Along with the distribution rights they have been permitted sufficient access to the code to allow them to adjust and optimise the sim to better suit todays PC.  That having been said, this isstill a single threadeda poorly optimised32-bit application and even the most powerful of todays PC's struggle to attain ""high"" frame rates, especially when you start to include a few add-ons.That brings me nicely on to the add-ons.  Due to the program being around since 2006 there is an unbelievable amount of DLC available for this sim, before you reach for your credit card though, make sure that the supplier specifies that it is compatible with FSX Steam Edition or the add-on is listed in the known compatible add-ons on thecommunity page.There are some very good add-ons that are free, there are some exceptional add-ons that cost quite a bit of money (A2A Simulations, PMDG) and there are add-ons that are free for limited functionality or can cost for full functionality (FSUIPC). The key is research, have a look atJordan Kings Freeware Videoto get an idea of what is possible for nothing more than bandwidth. Alternatively you can very quickly rack up a £100 or more spend and still think there is room for improvement (REX, Orbx).A final word about add-ons. FSX requires you to generally get your hands dirty when adding features, if you don’t know your “%appdata%” from “My Documents” make sure you have fully researched the product you intend to buy and ensure you are comfortable with the installation procedure before you cough up the dough for it. This isn’t the case for the DLC that can be purchased from Steam, though I have to admit, most of the Steam DLC doesn’t appeal (see edit at the bottom).Regardless of whether you stay with the stock program or buy enhancements, the core sim can give hours of enjoyment if you have an interest in aviation. Users range from the complete novice that has only sat in row 14F of an A320 (me), to fully licensed pilots (so it must be OK).Although not a requirement, a joystick is recommended as well as a bit of patience and a lot of reading. You can jump into a Cessna 172 and lark about, or you can plan a flight for the same plane and follow, as close as can be reasonably expected in a 2006 sim, required procedures and protocols.  If, for example, you buy a PMDG add-on you have to calculate the fuel for the plane based on the number of passengers and their luggage, then you have to program the flight management computer and select your route, waypoints, approach etc. It must take 20 minutes or more to get to a point where you can actually start the engines! Alternatively you can just jump into a micro-light and be flying over Friday Harbor in a trice, the choice is yours.Edit 18/12/15: DTG are introducing a number of add-ons that don't deserve my original comment. Examples are FTX Trees HD, REX Texture Direct 4, RAAS Pro, Accu-Feel and a couple of the aircraft."
,Recommended,314160,32346566,Posted: 11 June,all,Bane Star,Airforceproud95 plays this. Enough said.
,Recommended,314160,13872403,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Badger,"My God has this game has been improved!SHORT VERSION: Buy this game if you love flight sims, lots of missions and a stack of real to life scenery/weather/planes etc.  It will not be money wasted.LONG VERSION: Lifelong Flight Simulator fans will remeber the day when FS 2000 was released in that big cardboard box with a heatbound Pilot's handbook over 230 pages long; beautifully presented and well worth the buy.  Then, it seemed, when FSX came along, the fad was nearly over.  Releasing FSX Acceleration confirmed this, and the devs behind the Microsoft flight sim series were put out to pasture, where all the devs from closed studios are left to run free range.  Some survived the mass slaughter of 1874, but most, sadly perished.  Apparently, some now work for Dovetail and after a long time, we now have the Steam Edition of FSX to enjoy.Guys, you've done a fantastic job!In the original FSX, you would find that moving the camera around the plane was quite sketchy in that it would jump where it wanted most of the time, and there was noticable lag.  This is THE main problem with older games when played on newer systems - GPUs as powerful as those today were'nt dreamed of when those games were developed.  They knew not of 1920x1080 and, as such, the software has to do the best it can nowadays.  FSX-SE has addressed that by ensuring that there will never be lag again.  Running this on a GTX 770, whilst it powers 3 screens; not a single instance of lag in display.  I will say this though, as this is a game that wasn't really designed for 1920x1080, just remember the old Windows Alt+Enter trick, and you'll be fine.Back to the lag, the controls no longer display laggy instances, and as soon as you move your joystick/mouse/gamepad, the plane reacts, with such precision, you wouldn't know you were in a simulator until you see the pixelated ground you're about to crash into.  Airports were great and really well designed in FSX, but now they have had a bit of a revamp, so expect some sharper images.In general, the game has been VASTLY improved, and, as a private pilot myself (before I lost my license due to the UK government getting scared of diabetics flying planes and insisted that every diabetic pilot or ATC personell be summarily fired) I love being able to get back behind a flight stick and rudder.  This game is also great for the casual plane nut, as there are so many missions to choose from, all ranging from the VERY basics (which will get you up in the air and give you an understanding of how a plane actually works) to the INSANELY hard (engines on fire, having to fly 60+nm in a snow storm without engines in a 747-700).  You can change realism settings, set failures and faults to happen at a specific time, location or randomly.  You can download real world weather (updated every 15 minutes) from WHEREVER you are in the world.I would say this, however, if you really are a proper ""casual"" flight nut, I'd recommend Microsoft Flight instead.A vast array of other great missions, planes, scenery etc are included in the game, however there is a plethora of other mods available and there have been since FS 98 way back when.So come one come all and enjoy this amazing revamp of a modern classic."
76561198014089704,Recommended,314160,31084633,Posted: 11 April,all,hiptanaka,Even let's you simulate passengers being dragged off the plane.
76561198186656527,Recommended,314160,15805172,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,fsxf.server,I flew a few times. It was fun.
,Recommended,314160,23678923,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Zum101,"It would have been better with better graphics and the add-ons are better. It does have graphics of a 2006 simulator, but the add-ons put up with them."
,Recommended,314160,13435112,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,dom9360,"Let me just start off by saying that I've owned about 4 copies of FSX:deluxe edition. No, I don't have 4 computers to play on, I just kept loosing all my copies. I even bought them for $10 at the MS store a couple years ago on sale. Those are gone, too.So, now this comes along at $5 (currently on sale). This is great. Just purchased and I won't have to worry aobut loosing this one.That being said, this is basically FSX:Gold edition with the exception of minor bug fixes, minor performance enchancements, change to the splash screen, and some Steam magic such as taking screenshots and multiplayer matchup.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,314160,16618402,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,King Snuggles,"This game is legitmately the best game I've ever played in my life, I first played it in 2008 with the retail copy and since then and now I've got a PPL and also been in the Royal Air Force. This game has really change my life, and it will always will be the best game i've ever bought! You can download so many add-ons, from planes to cloud textures. Most easiest and again most challanging simulator I've ever bought!"
,Recommended,314160,32456374,Posted: 15 June,all,jannis123321,"An old game legendWhen i found this game on steam, i really had to get it by the fact that i've already played it a lot as a little child back in the days. The game itself, which was published in 2006 as far as i know, is quite one of the most or even the most popular flight simulator and that's for a good reason!- First of all the Simulator itself is pretty cheap ( comming back to the addons later )- It's perfect to use on every skill level- Bunch of mods- Big community ( when it comes to flight simulations )- Structured and funny missions to learn how to fly in the simulator- A big Wikipedia about airplanes and stuff like that- Working multiplayer- Many default airports / aircraft / scenary ...- Gigantic worldNegative Aspects:- The game always decreases the volume of other running programs on your computer ( like skype does [ i didnt find a way to fix it so far ] )- The games physics are not really realistic further not challanging enough for experienced pilots- The game is unplayable without addons, unless you just want to play it for ""flying arround a bit"". If you really want to become experienced in flying ( via simulations [!] ) you will need extra addons, which wouldn't be such a problem, if most of the good plugins weren't payware. But why would you need addons?First of all, the default aircraft really shows the age of the game. according to that, you will see undetailed cockpits and only the most important instruments are working, which is a pitty because the FMC ( boardcomputer ) is not part of them.  In addition to that the graphics of the game are not good ( for a simulator ( especially one from 2006 ) it's quite impressive ) so you will need extra graphic addons ( Lighting, clouds, soundpacks, airports,  ... ) and many more (You can pay up to several hunred or even thousend euros but dont have to!).conclusion [/h2]Despite all of the negative apsects, in my opninon the fsx is an old game legend. For a price of ~ 22€ ( in sales 5€ - 7€[ Germany 2017] ) this game is definitely worth trying, especially when getting started into flight simulating ( you shouldn't start with expensive simulators as X plane without any knowledge ), but also for just enjoying your childhoods game or seeing a 2006 simulator. I recommend it to everyone!I rate it 9/11!"
76561197971307200,Recommended,314160,13834294,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Blurb,Got lost.  Ran out of gas.  Crash landed through a house.  Got a badge for landing.  Best game ever.
76561198057993955,Recommended,314160,23135037,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,| MegaTime | Jamie |,"A day in the life of a FSX player:8am: Set up flight8:15am: Take-off, Switch on Autopilot8:30am: Leave the plane alone, and play other games.9pm: Suddenly remember you have FSX running, look at plane and realise that you over shot your target by 2000 miles, ran out of fuel, crashed and burned in the ground, killed everyone on board and at least 100 more on the ground. Claim that the flight was a success.Repeat10/10 happens everyday"
,Recommended,314160,31109549,Posted: 12 April,all,◿  ∟⋀⒫≶Ξ  ◸,"It's alright, spent a few hours playing it."
,Recommended,314160,13701017,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Uncle_D,"I'm going to give this a ""Thunbs Up"" just because I flew FSX waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay before it ever got here and I love FSX but I do have one complaint so far about this Steam version and that would be the fact that this version can NOT be loaded or played at all if your NOT logged in online on Steam. Now come on Steam & Dovetail, that's not gonna fly with folks like me who own almost 100 games on Steam and they all can be played in off line mode so I hope they get that bug fixed soon before I have to take my ""Thumbs Up"" back! LOL!"
,Recommended,314160,16479669,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kilocharlie1,It's awesome.
,Recommended,314160,23551036,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,It's ya boy,- Picked an airport- Got into a 747- Did an awful takeoff destroying a dash 8 in the process- Flew half a mile over the sea before crashing into a nearby village- Got home and played Flight Simulator X10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,314160,15120956,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SilentScreaM™,"I'm writing this review, because of some people who said this game sucks, because of the hard controls.So, this is a plane SIMULATOR! Anyone know what's that? S-I-M-U-L-A-T-O-R! Of course it will be hard to learn. The real pilots spend around 1 year of learning in the simulators, before their first real flight. And yeah, don't worry, this is not a fully real simulator.Let's talk about Boeing 747-400. It has the most basics controls you need, like flaps and throttle, aircraft lights and anti-ice system and many more. I just want to say it's not that so hard like in a real aircraft, where you need an hour of preparation before flight, don't worry. It takes 10 minutes for me to set everything for takeoff. And if you wonder how many hours it takes for me, before landing in extreme conditions for first time - 24 hours. It's hard, trust me, but not impossible.Another thing: It's not impossible to play without a joystick. As I said you need time for practise. I play with a keyboard and I have 140 hours, as you can see.It's not that so hard, you need time! Some people who are buying this game are like: ""Oh yeah, I bought a flight simulator. It will be easy to fly.""; And then in the game: ""OMG, this is so stupid game, I can't even takeoff."" Then uninstalls and write a negative review.I don't know why they are buying a simulator and want things to happen fast and easy. As the beginning of the review - this is a SIMULATOR! There are so many games, where to get flying you need to push only one button, like GTA, you know.UPDATE 28.09.2015: If DTG won't stop with these DLCs, the game itself will turn into the next DLC Simulator 2015 after the disappointment with TS 2016, but I still recommend it.UPDATE 04.02.2016: Yep..... DTG didn't stop and there it is... over 1400 euros for DLCs.....IMPORTANT!!!: DTG IF YOU ARE READING THIS THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU DID TO THIS GAME, BUT THESE DLCs ARE COMPLETE MADNESS! WTF! DO YOU REALISE YOU ARE ABOUT TO BREAK ONE CLASSIC GAME? Oh, and you know what? I CAN GET THEM ALL FOR FREE! THERE ARE SO MANY SITES OUT THERE! SERIOUSLY, YOU ARE OUT OF CONTROL! WAKE UP AND STOP DREAMING ABOUT GETTING MORE MONEY! YOU CAN STILL MAKE THIS GAME BETTER, EXEPT TS 2016, WHICH IS ALREADY DEAD SINCE 2012....."
,Not Recommended,314160,14320384,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,pango,"The FS SDK has been surgically removed from this release quite deliberately and secretly and Dovetail games are misleading people into thinking it's there.From the stickied post in forum : ""Existing FSX Owners, check here first ""What changes have you made in FSX: Steam Edition from the Microsoft-supplied boxed version of FSX?This is a re-release of FSX Gold Edition so you should not expect dramatic differences. However, we have updated it to include all standard Steam functionality, we’ve removed CD checking and combined the components of Gold Edition into a single installation. The major change we've made is in replacing the now-defunct GameSpy multiplayer systems with Steam features, enabling multiplayer to work seamlessly once again. Our aim in this first instance has been to ensure that the software will run for as many people as possible rather than radically improving or updating it.Gold Edition has the SDK."
76561198151823169,Not Recommended,314160,14320388,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,emcee,"Owned FS98, FS9 and now FSX:SE (did not own the original boxed FSX).I have no problem with the game.  Runs OK.  However,  I would like to update my local airport as it has has had a runway extension and new terminals in the last few years .  As it is a smallish local airport it is unlikely to be updated by anyone else so I would like to do it myself.  However, Dovetail Games REFUSE to release the full SDK, including the executables, even though they state that the Steam edition is exactly the same (albeit improved) as the original FSX Gold Edition which also included the Deluxe Edition and the Excelleration Expansion Pack.  This original boxed edition INCUDED the FULL SDK.  The DTG released Steam edition does not.  For their dishonest selling a product that is not as described, I give them a thumbs down."
,Recommended,314160,19984423,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"I was on the old Microsoft Beta Test Team for this game in 2004-2005, so I have hundreds of hours playing well before I was ever on Steam.It is a classic, and one of the best flight sims out there.  The base game is all I am covering in this review because I think the DLC are overpriced crap."
,Recommended,314160,30232718,Posted: 27 February,all,djtiger76,"First off. THIS IS NOT A GAME!-There is no Explosions-There is no Deaths-There is no graphic crashes-There is no winning or losing-You will have a HORRIBLE experience if you play this on anything other than a computer (cell phone, tablet) with a joystick, yoke and other airplane periphials.If you need any of the above, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU. This is a simulator. Real airline pilots use this simulator for training. If you are new to the flight simulator world (i have been flying MSFS since version 1.0 in 1980) then welcome aboard and remember the 4 points above. Most of all remember THIS IS NOT A GAME!Now on to my review, lol:I am little late to the game but I had to post how EXTREMELY pleased I am with the Steam version of FSX. Dovetail really did a good job working out all of the kinks. I have been trying to run the FSX boxed version since it was released. Bought more powerful computers and still have never been able to run FSX successfully. And successfully means flying a whole route from gate to gate without crash. Ive always foind myself tweaking the settings and searching the internet to figure our how to get it right... Because surely Microsoft wouldnt release a product that only works on some systems right?! Well i never got it to work. I have been flying on FS9 instead which is VERY stable. The problem? None of the latest and greatest addons are compaitable with FS9. GrrrEnters FSX-SEI have done several long distance flights this past week without one crash or hang up and frame rates are awesome. All of MY addons are compatable. I have several payware airports and payware planes, all work without a problem. If you are still having issues with your boxed version of FSX or find yourself constantly tweaking the settings to get somewhat optimal flying performance then you should give Steam version a go. You will be pleased! There is not much if anything different visually between the boxed and SE except framerates. So if you are NOT having a problem with the boxed version, you can stick with that. But for the vast majority of people who are banging their heads on the desk trying to get FSX to work. This is your answer.Good Job Dovetail"
,Not Recommended,314160,14074757,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Widowmaker,"I'm a real-life CPL pilot, and I grew up with the Flight Simulator series. Flight Sim 2000 was the high point in the series. As for X, well... it's pretty good, but back in '06 it was very taxing on even the best systems of the time. I bought a bunch of aircraft from Carenado, PMDG etc and some of the aircraft are so detailed (the Precision Manual 747 was the worst back then) that a state-of-the-art PC (back then) ran at 40 FPS on a good day.Many years have passed and most of us, pilots and simmers alike, have moved on to the competitor (X-plane). The transition wasn't too hard for me as I had some experience with X-plane during IFR sim training in a certified Seneca simulator with instructor, instruments, flight deck etc. Personally, I prefered MS Flight Simulator to X-plane for personal use. Flight Sim is very straight forward, has a large community and feels good in a home computer.Alas, a third party developer bought the rights and gave us a 'renewed' Flight Simulator X. I was thrilled. It's been a long time since I've had a flight stick or quadrant at home, but I was too excited to wait for a proper set-up and made the purchase anyway. It's been nine years, my computer is fantastic (running the latest games effortlessly), thus I expected to experience Flight Sim X in a whole new way.Boy, what a huge disappointment...They took the boxed version of Flight Simulator X, recompiled the nine years old code for modern systems, and released it to the public. The bugs are all there, and new ones have been introduced as a consequence of running a nine years old game in modern systems. The support is the worst. Dovetail Games will refer you to Microsoft for support, even tho they're the ones putting up the game for sale. I'm not even sure they're allowed to make changes to the code itself. Your third-party airplanes? Not sure, as I haven't tried to install anything yet simply because I can't get Flight Sim to work for more than 20-30 minutes at a time. It crashes to the desktop CONSTANTLY. Again, zero support. I've tried the forums, but all I got was a bunch of good-natured fans trying to help me out. You'll find unofficial solutions here and there on the internet, but nothing worked for me. Eventually, I was told by some angry fan that it was my system's fault. I can only laugh at the suggestion, seeing as this is a perfectly well cared for computer, running games such as Arma III (a VERY taxing game indeed) under Ultra at a steady 100+ FPS, zero glitches. Same goes for every other game in my library.Flight Simulator X is broken, and hopelessly so, given the nature of Dovetail's business pact with Microsoft. Avoid the frustration. So far, it's been nothing but a huge let down for me.For the first time in a very long time, I am forced to write: I DO NOT recommend this game."
,Recommended,314160,13747015,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Zac Starfire,"I am so glad that Steam picked up MS Flight Sim X! I've been using MS Flight Sims since the first version I can remember.  When Microsoft dropped support, I did switched to Lockheed's Prepar3D, which uses a upgraded FSX engine with DX11, but I'd much rather support FSX under Steam!FSX really needs Steam Workshop for all its many add-ons as DLCs, which always have been a real pain to locate, purchase, and install. Steam would so much improve things for the Flight Sim World!Fortunately, all the addons I have are compatible with both Prepar3D and FSX, and they all seem to work fine with this Steam version. I may have to run one of the Registration Fix tools like TweakFS, to use a few aircraft again in Prepar3D, but I haven't had any problems so far and I am used to fixing my simulator installations and getting addons working.I recommend the REX Real Environment Xtreme, Orbx Airports & Terrains, Just Flight's Air Hauler and REX Latitude add-ons, which greatly enhances the visuals and gives you something fun to do hauling cargo around the world, managing the Cargo Company and its aircraft. Someone please make these as DLCs ASAP! Orbx also has a few free demos of a great starting airports and terrain regions to fly in.I look forward to updates of FSX to DX11 for Better Graphics, More Missions for More Things To Do, More Flight & Instrument Training, Ground & Tower Operations, Steam Achievements, Trading Cards and other improvements!**NOTE:  If you are having problems with add-ons, it is most likely an registry issue and/or configuration files located in user windows profile directories.  If you check my screenshots, I have multiple addons working concurrently: REX, Orbx and Traffic X including a premium aircraft with everything maxed.  Everything should run perfect in the Steam version, it does take a lot of effort sometimes to get your simulation environment right.  There are guides in the Prepar3D community that address many problems I see people having with the Steam version.Remember:  FSX is NOT really a game, it is a professional simulator used by real world pilots to train.  Though many flight enthusiasts enjoy it as a game due to its complexity!"
,Recommended,314160,28791484,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,jonann,"Pick commercial aircraft Boeing 737-800 and Soekarno-Hatta airport.Take-off phase. Follow the checklist. Setup the GPS.Contact the tower request taxi and takeoff clearance.Go to the runway. Turn on passenger seatbelt and no smoking light on, set the flap down.Push the throttle to maximum power.On flight phase, Enable the Auto-pilot. Communicate with Air Traffic Controller for IFR guidance.Landing phase. Contact the tower request to land on particular runaway.Tune the radio for the ILS frequency. Intercept the localizer approach course.Flap down, landing gear down. Control the altitude and speed.Perfectly land thanks to glide scope. Park in the gate. Satisfied.Repeat. :DAlso FSX have many cool addons. For getting the realistic experience, install FSEconomy or FSPassengers. You can buy aircraft, running a business, transfering good etc."
,Recommended,314160,15063265,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Squeezy McGrundle,Went on sale a day after the Germanwings crash.10/10 would go to hell for making this review.
76561198142547928,Recommended,314160,34532755,Posted: 27 August,all,Dankstein,"Started up, got spawned in an aircraft with no battery or engine running, watched 30 minute video on how to start up plane.-Watch video-Succesfully start plane in game-Go around bragging ""I totally know how to fly a plane""-Feel like a badass-Cry myself to sleep knowing i will never achieve anything in life-10/10 would recommend"
76561198041941976,Recommended,314160,31187791,Posted: 16 April,all,Cooldude2089,this should be a WOrkshop-Compatible game!
,Recommended,314160,13433900,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FreakyFrog,Nothing to comPLANE about.10/10 would plane again.
76561198034191030,Recommended,314160,13530037,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Flankenstein,"I have been a real world aviator for the past 18 years. Back when I was training for my Instrument Rating, MS Flight Sim became more than just a game. It was an essential tool in the flight bag that helped solidify essential skills needed to fly in the IFR world. The end result of which saved me time and money obtaining my rating. I basically taught myself IFR flying. It was essential to understanding VOR radials and ADF tracking and intercepts.After flying for a career for the past 8 years I'd never thought I'd have use for MS Flight Sim ever again. However, recently I dusted off my old copy of MS Flight Sim to help prepare for my Boeing 737 type rating. A company designed a fairly accurate version of the 737 with the correct system logic. It even included a fairly accurate FMC. Once again MS Flight Sim proved useful and was essential to understanding the systems of the 737 and cockpit flows. Hopefully the Steam version will allow for these add-ons.My advice to anyone using MS Flight Sim as a training tool would be to treat it as just a game until you start instrument training and be prepared for many misunderstandings. My previous four year’s experience as flight instructor and chief flight instructor has taught me that those used Flight Simulators during their Ab Intio training developed bad habits that needed to be trained out of them. Once you have completed your Ab Intio training, it can be an excellent training tool."
76561198034074401,Recommended,314160,31446555,Posted: 29 April,all,Atzig,You could put down a deposit for an actual plane or you can buy all the DLC.
,Recommended,314160,30272939,Posted: 1 March,all,Moogle,"""Don't sink"" ""Pull up"" ""Terrain terrain"" ""50, 40, 30, 20, 10,RETARD RETARD""Still less annoying than my mum lecturing me."
,Recommended,314160,13435601,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jeticus,"It's finally here! I first heard from PCgamesN website that there were plans to bring FSX to steam with stability and performance improvements and have been anxiously checking since. This was about half a year ago and finally the wait is over and with such a great intro price! This is basically FSX Gold with said improvements. Although it's early days, steam workshop/store addons/DLC WILL be added down the line. I've not tried any of my existing addons with this installation yet but I'll update the review once I have to let you know of compatibility and if there are any issues or things to know. All I can say is I'm so glad this iconic, timeless masterpiece is finally here and for them to have worked on the performance issues? Just an absolute pleasure! (Although by now, most of our rigs can run it perfectly anyway however start throwing addons into the mix such as REX, Weather systems, OrbX environments, highly detailed custom aircraft etc... well, we'll see!) Stay tuned guys!Update: I can confirm my addons are so far working perfectly! Christmas has surely come early guys and girls!"
76561198128061139,Recommended,314160,32628442,Posted: 21 June,all,delboy78910,"This is a real simulator. i dont really see it as a game because its really not, games are very eventfull and require you to be at the computer at all times because they are made for entertainment. This however is made to simulate flight which it does extremely well. You do not have to be looking at the screen for the main part of your flight (if you are using auto pilot)  which is why 50% of the negative reviews for this game are there and the other half say they cant figure out the controls when all they need to do is look up a guide on the internet. Multiplayer can be quite chaotic in the bigger servers and there is a fair minority of that will people generally not listen to ATC or other aircraft making it less enjoyable for them selfs and others.rant aside i do only have a small amount of hours on the steam edition but i have many more on the original. This game has quite a big learning curve if you have never played a flight sim before and will take a few hours to even complete a single flight which i do think there should be a little more quidence on how to set up autop pilot and ILS landing because the tutorials only cover the basics of flying the aircraft manually which 90% of the time while flying an airliner it will be flown by autopilot. i dont have much expierence flying helicopters so i cannot comment on that but all i will say is that you will need a joystick to fly them without batteling your keyboard or mouse to keep it straight.all the controls are completely changeable and i have no problems using a keyboard people will always find somthing to whine about. I personally have not had any problems with crashing or not starting but it was made in 2006 so some newer machines may not be able to run it.My overall viewpoint on this is that its not a full on game and it will seem very complitcated to new players because of the controls and i do wish the steam refund would go above 2 hours so people could learn the basics before they refund and whine. im just replying to some of the negative reviews because it does annoy me,  If they couldnt just jump in a real plane and fly it straight off the bat how do they expect it to happen here because its a simulator made to teach people about how to fly planes realistically."
,Not Recommended,314160,20021846,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ViperZeroOne,"I originally wrote a long-winded review on this title, with the developer actually replying in an obviously scripted manor.  Needless to say, in the months since nothing has changed.  Starting out with the game, don’t let the title fool you because this new ""edition"" is the same Flight Simulator X that’s been around for over 10 years.  There is nothing additional added.  There are no additional default aircraft, the scenery isn't better, it' only some minor workarounds that have been done.  Let me explain that further…While Microsoft is still the developer of FSX, Dovetail Games has taken over as a “publisher” for this title.  Now, it might sound a little unclear but here’s the facts surrounding Dovetail’s involvement.  They’ve done some work on the multiplayer aspects of the game, making it once again “functional”.  Not that you couldn’t play multiplayer before Dovetail got involved.  You just needed a 3rd party program and a little instruction from a Google search to get connected with your friends.  Now, due to Dovetail's involvement, that method of multiplayer has been blocked so they can provide a centeral hub for all games.  They also made the game “Steam Compatible”, which is another way of saying they modified the game so DLC could be directly installed by Steam.  That said…When you discuss the core of the game, nothing has changed.  The scenery is still the same.  The default aircrafts are still the same.  The interface is still the same.  It’s all the same as it was 10 years ago.  Nothing has changed or been added to this new ""edition"".  There have been no noticeable improvements, quite the contrary.  New bugs have crept up that cause the game to occasionally crash.  This coming from someone who has had the original FSX since it originally launched.  So why would Dovetail resurrect a game that is 10 years old when Microsoft itself doesn’t see fit to keep on the store shelves?To answer that question you only have to browse other simulation titles by Dovetail.  The company is the kings of DLC content.  Look at their Train Simulator 2016 game.  There is very little content included with the actual game yet the cost of all the DLC for it, 232 items, comes in at close to 3 THOUSAND DOLLARS!  The DLC for Flight Simulator X is a little more tame, only around $650 for all of it, but that's still fairly ridiculous considering nothing has been added to the new ""edition"".  THIS is the main focus of Dovetail bringing FSX to Steam.  It’s not to make improvements to the game.  It’s not to fix the glaring bugs they've added and fix the outdated graphics.  It’s to sell DLC so they can make a quick buck off an old (and relatively dead) title.If you already own Flight Simulator X… DO NOT BUY!If you’re on the fence… DO NOT BUY!If you expect new scenery… DO NOT BUY!if you expect more aircraft… DO NOT BUY!There is ONLY ONE reason you should ever consider buying this Steam version.  It’s the same reason I bought it.  Because I already have a large library of free FSX content that I’ve gathered over the past years, my DVD’s were damaged somehow, and this is the only way I can now reinstall FSX.  Don’t let my play-time fool you.  If I could have avoided buying this buggy Steam version and stuck with my original FSX, I would have."
,Recommended,314160,23254006,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NotSoBrightGuy,"FSX should be considered as application, not games. If you want to learn aviation, get this program. If you just want to just fly straight away, don't bother with it."
76561198064514366,Recommended,314160,29471010,Posted: 24 January,all,Mergg,"Microsoft Flight Simulator X came out October of 2006 and it's still one of the best flight simulators around. I have hundreds of hours on the original and plenty on here. The first thing I am going to say to anyone reading this review is, DO NOT expect to be able to do everything if you know nothing about aviation. Many reviewers call FSX a game in their reviews and FSX is NOT a game, it's a simulator, simulating the complex world of aviation. If you know nothing about aviation, do not expect to be able to fly an IFR flight using VOR or GPS navaids and shoot an ILS landing. FSX takes a lot of research to figure out, luckly they have a learning center to help newbies out.Now that I've gotten that out of the way, let's talk about the sim. Yes, it's almost 11 years old, so, it doesn't have the best graphics in the world, nor does it have the best planes. Luckily, during the 11 years of this sim's life, people have been making addons for FSX, including: planes, scenery, textures etc. You can make this sim look nice and feel realistic for free, you don't have to pay for the insanely overpriced DLC Dovetail offers on the Steam Store, my FSX looks great and I only paid for the sim, nothing else.If you're willing to look past the 11 year old sim and put in the effort to learn about the world of aviation (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED) then flying on FSX can be one of the funnest things you'll do, aside from flying for real.I got FSX about 7 years ago, I'd never really looked into aviation before, never played a flight sim before, but, once I got an idea of what I was doing, I fell in love. Currently, I'm a licensed Private and Commercial pilot with my Multi-Engine and Instrument ratings and I'm working on becoming a Certified Flight Instructor. Had I never gotten FSX, who knows what I'd be doing right now."
76561198168560149,Recommended,314160,13440522,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,samuel.dickes,"My personal opinion about this game or simulation software (whatever you prefer). I'm using FSX since 2006, and honestly, it was a nightmare back than since there simply was no hardware you could buy for money which was able to run it in a way that it was playable. This lasted for approximately 3 years. During that time Microsoft released 2 service packs and Intel released the first generation  of i7 processors which finally allowed the game/software to become really playable.I'm always juggling between the terms game and simulation software. This is because to some users FSX is a game and to other users it is a flight simulation platform. What is the difference? Well, if you see it like a game, then FSX does offer you great missions which will provide you a great deal of fun during a few weeks. If you see it as a flight simulation software, then it will become more complicated. The reason is because you can start training for a real pilot licence with this software. But this will only be interesting if you try to do it right as closely as possible as real pilots do. The problem with this is that then it is no more about flying around, which by the way will become boring very fast. But then, you will have to learn the real rules of the sky and the aviators. The learning curve will be much steeper but so much more rewarding. There are some really good books on the market which are based on Microsoft flight simulator training which will guide you through the process. I am myself a real world private pilot and I started with Microsoft Flight Simulator back in 2006 and then started working on my real pilot licence in 2009. It did help me a lot, but I also caught some flaws by simming. The problem is that in the sim you mostly have only one screen and thus you tend to focus more on your instrument panel. In real world VFR flying you have to focus more on the outside of the plane in order to navigate. I was so proficient when I started flight training that my instructor asked me if I already had some flight lessons in the past. But he also caught me too often staring at my instruments, because I got used to it while doing flight simulation. You will for sure not be able to fly a real plane only with flightsim training, but it will help you a great deal to get proficient in procedures and radio navigation and lots of other things.But Flight Simulator X really starts to shine when you start to add quality add-ons. They bring FSX to a whole new level. You can add new weather engines, highly detailed aircrafts which do cost more than FSX itself but which allow you to operate them by the real airplane books. This is the case for general aviation airplanes as for airliners. But there is also a bunch of software add-ons which enhance the whole world of FSX. More detailed elevation meshes which cover countries, continents of even the whole world! The same is true for airports, roads, amd rivers which are much more detailed. You can buy add-on airports which look exactly like the real thing. Actually most of the large airports have been recreated in detail by add-on companies.Now you could ask yourself, but what do I get then in the Steam Edition, which is in my opinion nothing else than a MS FSX Gold Edition with a few optimizations and bug fixes. You do get a game/simulation software which tries to approximately simulate the whole planet earth, get a nice fleet of airplanes to start with. Yes, you will be able to fly in every country on earth. But only something like 40 or 50 cities and large airports have been recreated in more detail, which is already very pleasant. The other cities and airports in the world do also exist (well, most of them) but they are recreated in a more schematic way with landclasses and autogen, but lets don't get too technical.Today's hardware enables you to run FSX in a pleasant way. Since the two service packs which Microsoft did release plus the few optimizations Dovetail did, it should normally run in a stable way. I like Microsoft Flight Simulator X very much and this is why I have already plunged thousands of dollars (yes, you do read correctly) in add-ons and hardware in order to be able to fly as real as it can get in order to stay sharp for my real world flights. I have also bought some great hardware from Saitek and VRinsight which enable me to fly with a yoke, pedals and throttle levers, radio navigation stack. We nearly as I do in the real plane. So beware, if you become addicted, then it can become an expensive hobby :-)I like the fact that Dovetail now ported FSX on the Steam platform because the flight simulation community is lacking new adopters for years now, thus eroding the user base. The average age of a simmer tends to be in the mid forties and we could really use youngsters which come along to enhance the base of users. So if you dream of becoming a real world pilot or only want to have some fun, try it, I did at least never regret it."
76561198030883320,Not Recommended,314160,14659101,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ale.vannetti,"FANTASTIC SIMAWFULL WORK BY DOVETAIL CHEATING THE CUSTOMERS!They did not advertised the game like requiring a internet connection every start up. On the FAQ the said (MONTHS AGO) that they would have OFFLINE MODE IMPLEMENTED.BUT already now after MONTHS nobody knows anyithing about itI don't think it would be an issue if they really wanted to implement this because almost all the games i have installed on steam already have an offline mode.They simply doesn't care for customers and their needs. I don't have an internet connection in every places i go but i want play this game because i purchased it!ALSO they promised costant follow up and updates, but very little is coming up.It is really a shame because the game is great and infact people is still spending thousands euro on its add on, i believe that with more effort by DOVETAIL this sim could be a best seller on SE.WHAT A SHAME DOVETAIL!"
,Not Recommended,314160,14544653,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,red_comet,"Don't bother with it when it's not on sale unless the developers get around to fixing the bugs that's plaguing the game. It's playable, but the terrain.dll crashes (there are quite a few threads about it on the product forum) make it impossible to have a long haul flight without disruptions.Best of all? the developers have yet to answer emails sent to them almost a month or 2 ago with regards to these very bugs."
,Recommended,314160,32022083,Posted: 28 May,all,DatRussianSniper,"I have almost 1000 hours playing FSX. It's a great simulator, you learn navigation and basic flight tutorials in the Mission section. its great for beginners, it has very easy tutorials and fun mulitplayer servers"
,Recommended,314160,27501854,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kv2,"The original and in my opinion still one of the best flight simulators out there. Community is great...though beware of just regular multiplayer FSX. Fantastic addons are availble, though do be prepeared to spend money in order to get the most out of the game. (Its worth it) And who doesn't love to be trolled by FSX? Fly to your heart's content, or just fly into a mountain, which ever suits your flying style."
,Recommended,314160,14642287,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Whiterabbit-uk,"Where to start.  Well, the game itself is still pretty awesome even though its now nine years old.  I was never able to afford the VFR scenery add ons  when I played the game   originally.  I always wanted to buy the ones covering the UK to get  the better ground imagery, but   they used to cost around £100  for the UK set, so was really pleased to see  them released on Steam  today, and at what seemed a really good deal compared to their original price.  If you buy the pack, you basically get one of the   scenery packs free.Unfortunately  I'm very disappointed.  I always though we got   satellite quality  imagery with these VFR scenery add-ons, but what I saw from my local airport (Woodford Aerodrome UK)  - my house is  directly in the flight path of the  runway.  Until last year before the   runway was closed we used to have our trees trimmed at the bottom of our garden  by the airport authority because they were  tall enought to cause problems with landing aircraft.  I know the surrounding country side like the back of my hand, but couldn't make out any land marks in game, nor from the nearby Manchester Airport.  Everything looks the same, with   cloned  houses and trees dotted liberally everywhere and the  grassland areas looking like desert.  I have all the graphic settings maxed out, but   apart from the  aircraft cockpits, everything else looks really dated.  Okay, it's nine years old, but  I  really thought the scenery would be better.  I don't think the  game is  worth £19.99,  and I think the total cost of  dlc so far (with some of it  on sale at between 25 to 50%) standing at over £100 for a nine year old game is    really way too much.  I wish Steam would support Microsoft Flight instead, which had amazing scenery, sadly  that doesn't work   any longer due to the GFWL connection.Personally I've got mixed feelings about  recommending this game.  If you love flight sims it's still a big thumbs up, but I'd definitely wait  till all of the dlc is 50% off or more.  If flight sims are not  your thing, I'd  leave this game alone, it'll  just  confound you.I wish I could  give a thumbs up or down seperately for the  main game  and the dlc.  The game would still get a thumbs up, but the add-ons wouldn't.  There's a lot of free  custom stuff for this game, but I don't know yet whether it'll work   with Steam?Even though i've said  I think the game is now over priced, i'm still going to give it  a thumbs up, but with reservations.  I'll update when I find out if the free stuff  will work with the Steam version."
,Recommended,314160,29255700,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,"Great flight sim, but starting to show it's age. Though mods keep it alive, it is definitely in need of a new engine."
,Recommended,314160,13461435,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mister Grid,"Was not expecting it to be this much fun. Lots of content, first true Flight Simulator I've owned, was surprisingly easy to get into. It has the graphics of an 8 year old game, but honestly some of the most fun I've had recently. I bought it for $5 in the winter sale, and so far I have gotten more than my money's worth out of it. Definitely worth the investment.Edit: Forgot to give it a number rating.5/5 would plane again."
,Recommended,314160,24568163,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AstroEdge,"Great game, would recommend to anybody that is interested in flying. Reasonably priced for what you get and also the fact that you can get addon scenery, aircraft, and much more for free. I will be linking my favorite free addons below for you that want to fly commercial, and also for those of you that want to fly military.Commercial:Emirates Fleet Package:Rikoooo DownloadBoeing 747 Package:Rikoooo DownloadBoeing 787 Package:Rikoooo DownloadBoeing 737 Package:Rikoooo DownloadMilitaryLockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II Package:Fly Away Simulation DownloadLockheed Martin SR-71 Blackbird:Fly Away Simulation DownloadBoeing C-17 Globemaster III Package:Rikoooo DownloadLockheed Martin F-22 Raptor Package:Rikoooo DownloadBoeing 747-8i Air Force One:Rikoooo DownloadBoeing 787-8 Air Force Two:Rikoooo DownloadAircraft CarriersIf you are interested in aircraft carriers and much more visitC-Aviation'sAircraft Carriers in FSX (freeware guide).My Computer: Dell Inspiron 15R- I can normally run FSX at 40 fps just fine when I have my laptop plugged in, on a cooling fan and running a second screen. I use the Saitek x52 Pro split joystick set and it works great. I would not recommend FSX on a laptop like mine but if that is all that you have then you can get by with it. If you have an iPad like me they are a great kneeboard that you can use for airport charts.Computer Specs:ProcessorIntel Core i3 1.7GHZRAM12GB DDR3GraphicsIntel Integrated GraphicsOperating SystemWindows 10"
76561198100775439,Recommended,314160,25712532,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BehindU,"This is one of the best Flight Simulators. I used it first in 2010 and was fascinated by it's technical level of detail. You can change difficulty (realism settings) as you learn. On most difficult level you have to obey speed limits when retracting the gear or extending the flaps... Anyway, in 2013 I made my real pilot license and a lot of experience learned in FSX helped me to feel more comfortable in my real training flights. Things you can learn here are: purpose of different switches and gauges, terrain and radio navigation, communication basics, ATIS & METAR (weather reports). Things you should not think, they are the same (even with best realizm settings) - is flying physics. Yes, it is very close, but not the same. Most surprising difference: amount of rudder input you need, when starting takeoff run in real single-motor plane...Cessna 172 with round instruments for the beginning and version with Garmin 1000 for later training is best plane to learn basics for future real pilots.Also I advise to get the book ""Microsoft Flight Simulator X For Pilots: Real World Training""."
,Recommended,314160,32853675,Posted: 27 June,all,SKELETON WITH A GUN,"Disclaimer: I am not a real world pilot. I know very little, almost nothing about aircraft. I am simply a game and play FS for fun, so my review will be from the point of view of a gamer, not of a pilot, not of an ATC.I have been a fan of the Flight Simulator series for a while now. My first game of the series was actually Combat Flight Simulator 1, which, I believe, was made on the FS98 engine. That game brought my attention to many things I look for in a flight sim, namely the possibility to customize and mod your game by adding custom and edited aircraft and scenery. My first actual FS game was FS2004, although I did play a lot of FS2002 as well. I have been playing FS 2004 until now when I finally decided to get FSX on Steam.When FSX was released, it was a mess, honestly. Very heavy game that no PC back  then could even hope to run properly, and since the FS2004 mod community was so rich, there was simply no reason to move to it. As years passed, this changed. Although the performance of FSX is still far from perfect (specially due to the limitations of being a 32-bit game), this game is the most acessible flight simulation game for casuals and amateurs, while still offering possibilities for professionals as well. I believe when it comes to simulation and physics, X-Plane is a better option. However, FSX has an unbeatable mod community, and the most important part, it is THE game to use if you wanna fly online. Now, I'm a more casual player and usually play on small free flight servers but, if you are really serious about flying, you'll consider joining IVAO or VATSIM and play in a very serious and dedicated community of flight simulation enthusiasts. And if you want to do that, you'll need FSX (or FS2004 if you so happen to own that gem).Now, about mods and DLCs. I don't really recommend the ones available for purchase on Steam, because there are much better you can get out there. Many good ones are free (the ones I usually stick to, because as a more casual player they fit my needs just fine), and the better ones, while quite expensive, are amazingly well done. I think the best example is the PMDG Boeing 737. It is as close as you can get to a real 737's cockpit.About joysticks: I have yet to acquire a flight stick (I play with a PlayStation 2 controller), but it is necessary if you want to really play this game seriously. An Xbox gamepad can do the trick if you are just flying for fun, but a flight stick not only offers much more realistic and precise controls, but also bigger immersion. You ABSOLUTELY need at least a gamepad though: playing this on keyboard and mouse is a nightmare, and honestly, MS has done a great job of making it at least playable on keys+mouse, considering how difficult this genre is.Vanilla FSX can be pretty boring, so there are some mods I would like to recommend to make this game really fun:1. FSPassengers. If you are going to play singleplayer and more 4fun, FSPassengers can turn this game from just a sandbox flying game to a airline simulator, where you need to manage your company and make airline flights with passengers in them. It gives you a goal and objective in game which is something I appreciate a lot. I think it is a somewhat expensive mod, but certainly worth the money.2. PFPX: not actually a mod fo FSX itself but rather a tool for flight planning. FSX's flight planner is usually enough for casual players like me, but if you want to make a realistic flight plan (and those are necessary to fly on VATSIM), you'll need this tool. It allows you to create professional quality flight plans, very similar to those used in the real world. Amazing for increasing your roleplaying fun. If you want a free option, SimBrief can do the job.3. REX - Real Environment Extreme: This is a heavy mod so you'll need a beefy PC to use it. It changes all the weather effects, clouds, day/dusk/night illumination, etc to high quality, and improves the real world weather and dynamic weather features of FSX. Very good mod.4. As many scenery mods as yo ucan possibly installPhotorealistic grounds, amazingly crafted 3d addons... They really bring the world to life, making the scenery beautiful to fly at.5. Your favorite aircraft. The aircraft that come with the game are pretty boring. You'll want to add more variety ASAP."
,Not Recommended,314160,14594816,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,sinistar,"Gold diggers - that's my opinion. The add-ons, which are nothing more than a bunch of markers, should be £0.99, and not £12.99 as they are. Even commercially available missions for original FSX are cheaper than this.I have original FSX with Accel and more than £500 worth of add-ons, and I bought this one, to see how is it going to be developed, but it looks like they've gone for fast return of investment only. I have already invested in X-Plane now with some more than decent add-ons, and will be completing my transition by removing this title from steam library at some point if nothing changes. Waste of money so far.PS: Look at the ""official"" reviews, it's like if it was a new title, which it obviously ISN'T. All dovetail did, and as it appears the reviewers are unaware of, is re-released the original FSX re-compiled for current versions of OS, and added few fixes - nothing else."
,Recommended,314160,26223856,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Yottahertz.,"BEST FLIGHT SIM OUT! Nothing like taking off and turning auto pilot on then flling asleep at the controls, most realistic flight sim out there."
76561198171617477,Recommended,314160,13765071,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MomssenAndPratt,"I was initially skeptical whether to buy FSX Steam, I suspected that the only change compared to the boxed version will be a different splash screen and a few new images. But I see HUGE performance improvement over the boxed version (Win 7 64-bit, intel Core i7 quad-core,  Radeon HD 7700, 2560x1440 + 1200x1600).  I hope that more improvements and updates will come. I was even able to trasnfer my logbook and rewards from the boxed version (using the same method as people use to transfer them when reinstalling boxed FSX, google it up). And the annoying switching to basic color scheme is gone.The only problem I had was that a few UAC messages appeared when selecting aircraft, I hope these will go away on subsequent plays."
76561198035093102,Recommended,314160,24283145,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Skoolteechr,Workshop mods would be cool.
,Recommended,314160,22506413,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Vetron,"Still the better civil aviation simulator due to its extensive support with a vast selection of 3rd party addons. This means that although the base package is very dated, it can be easily improved with better scenery and aircraft for a more up-to-date and fun flying experience.Performance and PlayabilityThe base game works fine out of the box with Windows 10 and because it’s from 2006 it should run on the average computer without difficulty. However I found DX10 to be mostly broken on various graphics cards, its hit or miss whether it will work for you – if it doesn’t, DX9 mode will play fine. This is simply because the DX10 that came with the game was only a preview build rather than a full DX10 support.Another thing to note is that when you start installing lots of addons, the game does suffer from performance issues relating to the fact it’s a 32-bit. While there are no-shortage of community config file edit suggestions, the only thing that will really help is a really high end computer here (notably cpu etc.). To avoid issues, simply be wary about what you install as some scenery addons can be terribly un-optimized.NOTE: This Steam Edition is essentially the 'Gold Edition' of the game, which contains the base FSX and the Acceleration Add-on in one install. It also uses Steam multiplayer instead of Game-spy. I have however found this version does not contain all the SDK files which were found in the Deluxe edition of the game, but most of this can sourced with a few google searches. None of this really matters unless you are going to be developing content for the game or trying to install a really outdated add-on that doesn't work around the newer service packs.AircraftThe game comes with more than a dozen aircraft, ranging from airliners like theBoeing 737, bush planes like thePiper J-3 Cub, General aviation planes like theCessna 172 Skyhawk, classic warbirds like theP-51D Mustang, and even some helicopters thrown in the mix such as theRobinson R-22 Beta II. All these come with detailed cockpits and various paint scheme options.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=679814115While this is indeed a reasonable selection of planes included for new pilots to the game, it has to be said that experience does improve considerably when getting 3rd party aircraft as these are not only better looking, but can feature more accurate flight models.MultiplayerMultiplayer works out of the box via Steam, is pretty easy to join and works well. However the game does not come with a dedicated server, but there are 3rd party hosting applications (Such asFSHost) that will fill this gap.Exploring during a group flight with friends is something I really enjoy, and one of the things that keeps me playing FSX.Free FlightIn Free Flight you can choose to spawn at nearly any airport in the world with the aircraft, time, and weather conditions of your choice. From here you can file a flight-plan or just fly wherever you want.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=679813932While the scenery included by default is global, it is strongly recommended you do replace it with either payware such asOrbx FTXor freeware such asFreeMeshXas it is very lacking and not very accurate by default. With modifications it can become really nice to look at and will improve your enjoyment of the game.MissionsThere are dozens of included missions with the game, ranging from tutorials, to racing, to landing on an aircraft carrier! There is quite a varied selection here, with skill levels ranging from beginner to expert, and mission lengths of around 15 minutes, up to a few hours.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=679813639No career mode is included, just individual missions, but plenty to keep you busy here.ConclusionSo if interested in civil aviation or aviation in general then FSX is well worth the purchase, but do so under the knowledge that your experience will improve considerably when done so with 3rd party addons, even if freeware.GoodVaried selection of included aircraft (good, however not as good as payware)Steam multiplayerVast selection of payware and freeware modsGlobal SceneryLots of available missionsNot so goodIncluded aircraft flight models lacking (can buy payware aircraft that fly more realistic)Default scenery outdated (can be improved with freeware and payware)No included dedicated serverPossible performance issues due to 32-Bit"
76561198052244861,Recommended,314160,13670070,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GoodSmith,"I will tell you one thing about FSX Steam Edition: It runs much much better than the original FSX. I played and compared both editions on my old laptop (Core 2 Duo T9300 2.5 GHz , NVidia GeForce 8700M) and was delightedly surprised to find out that I was able to max more sliders and get higher frame rates than what I was able to achieve with the original FSX. The functioning multiplayer alone is worth purchasing this game. I am definitely enjoying the steam edition far more than I enjoyed the original FSX, and I will soon order my Saitek yoke and pedals to go along with it."
,Recommended,314160,34783593,Posted: 6 September,all,sethbro12,10/10 didn't get dragged off plane
,Recommended,314160,31586934,Posted: 6 May,all,SharpBard,"I don't really only see this as a simulator, I see it as also a game. It is very interchangeable. If I want to mess around in an F-18, I can. And if I want to do an ILS approach in a Boeing 737, I can. I can fly with friends too. There is also a whole community of people who make add-ons for free. I love this software. It has helped me to learn so many things about planes. I recently have been flying commercially in the game and feel like I could easily become a real-world commercial pilot!"
,Recommended,314160,27769514,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lon,"I nominated this game for the Test of Time Award. Honestly, I think this game massively deserves it, as after 10 years, this game still has a strong and thriving community. (Plus, this is my most played game lol)"
,Recommended,314160,27344512,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,plane penises,"The only video game that allows me to live my life as my true identity, a beat up 1991 Boeing MD-87 with ""Monster Energy"" painted on the sides and no hushkits to drive my neighbors crazy."
,Recommended,314160,13439857,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Denturemen,"What Dovetail has done for this game is truly amazing. A labor of love for sure.I spent well over 1,000 hours playing this game in my early to mid-teens, and it's something I'm at times ashamed of. I loved this game then but was constantly disappointed in the games ability to run on my machine due to the game's inability to play smoothly. Dovetail has done an excellent job working the bugs out of this game's code and I'm pleased to say that it's light-years better than before. To test how well Dovetail fixed the code I fired up the game and cranked those graphics sliders to the max (AI Vehicles left at default values). I was surprised! While pc gamer would complain that 30FPS in a video game is lame or uncool, I managed to stay at 30FPS with the limiter turned off while I flew a Bell 206 from O'Hare to the downtown area, and from there to Midway Airport.TL;DR They fixed it. Grab your joystick!""Test of Time"""
,Recommended,314160,13772587,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,go away to fear,"If flying in any way interests you, this is a great game that offers A LOT of content for it's price, and it's not that hard to get up and flying. Though you do need having a joystick, the game doesn't works that well for keyboard/mouse flying.As for the ""pure realistic simulator"" thing, it could be true, but you can turn most realism off and not have to bother with most physics things, thus making flying very easy.The graphics were the best in 2005 but they do look a bit aged now, specially the ground textures when you're not flying very high, also there's no dynamic shadows and that modern stuff. A lot is left for your imagination, really. Also, even though you can fly anywhere in the world, there are no cities in great detail, you can go looking their signature buildings though, like the Eiffel Tower and the Liberty Statue, etc. It can be fun searching for them. You can learn a lot of geography if you want too.I'd say it is MORE THAN worth for the money, but it will require some learning on your side if you never played flying games before. There's a huge set of scripted missions that can be pretty fun and challenging: like flying through Hawaii in a small plane with a tourism guide showing you everything to patrolling the skyes in around a rocket launch with a military jet.  Also there are awesome tutorials that will get you started into the game. Almost every mission will have a voiced co-pilot pointing you out stuff, and that makes the missions feel very real and awesome.And if you want to get deeper into the game, there are thousands of mods that cover pretty much everything: graphical mods, physics mods, realism mods, whole countries and planes built in awesome detail, new missions, you name it. It can get as complex and complete as you want as long as you got the money to get the more cool addons. Looking at it that way, FSX is more of a basic engine you can build up to the highest possible standards. And that probably explains why there was no sequel built by Microsoft: FSX covers everything already. There are on youtube lot's and lot's of videos that show what some mods are capable, just try not to be discouraged into getting the game because of that though, it's is great in vanilla state anyway."
76561198058962805,Recommended,314160,23625400,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,warmapple,"Day 1: Super exited, Spend hours trying to turn the plane onDay 2: Play with friends pretty good at it nowDay 3: See that FSX is 70% off, Look at hours for refund, 5 hoursDay 3: Cry in the corner"
76561197992989471,Not Recommended,314160,13729394,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Alex,"while it does actually run significanly better than the original version, I cannot get any of my 3rd party aircraft to work correctly with the Steam Edition.."
76561198196613085,Recommended,314160,23848229,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,monkeykong2004,"So i got this game, first thing i did was a flight from Tampa florida, to new orleans, louisiana.i played multiple hours of online too.heres a tutorial on how to be awesome at this game.1. Get a 7372. Takeoff3. Do a Close flyby into the ATC tower4. Go to Slew mode and fly into space5. fall to earth going 3000 knots6. You are now awesome.(THIS TUTORIAL DOESNT MAKE YOU AWESOME. IF YOU READ THIS YOU ARE AWESOME THOUGH.)I recommend this to everyone."
,Not Recommended,314160,13630311,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Luisito1982,"Pros: performance was improved..Cons: Can't seem to work with any addon I have..Conclusion: don't waist your money on this. I would still prefer FS2004 with all Addons possible... Take it from a VATSIM pilot/ATCO former staff member..Level-D 767 : can't handle it... panel initialization error all the way,PMDG errors all over... can't say much either... No payware addons working anyway.."
,Not Recommended,314160,14606147,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,linuxjediz,"Unplayable. I've looked for all kinds of solutions all over the web and even though I love this game, I can't get it to last more than 10 minutes before it crashes. It's ♥♥♥♥ing maddening. Someone really needs to fix this pile of code hell. Maybe I'm just lucky and it will never work on my computer. Who knows at this point, I'm done."
76561197992429897,Recommended,314160,13491635,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dooky1973,Perframnce issues for me seem to have improved big time with the new steam version + all my addons. ;o)
76561198202829228,Recommended,314160,13686288,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,nekminnit22,"Very fun, lots to explore, highly realistic. Best fun I have had for ages!10/10"
76561198020009388,Recommended,314160,34088683,Posted: 7 August,all,loudood,"Great flight sim whether you're an experienced pilot or a beginner. There is a decent variety of included missions and aircraft, more than enough to justify the price. Be advised, this is NOT a combat simulator; if you want dogfights, look elsewhere. This is for learning the basics of flight and handling of aircraft in realistic conditions.My one complaint is the steep cost of the DLC. A single aircraft should not cost more than the base game, especially a game that has already been out for 5+ years. Dovetail needs to realize that by putting the game on Steam, they are selling to the general gaming market, not just a niche group of aviation enthusiasts. Lower the price of the DLC and I'm sure more would be willing to try."
,Recommended,314160,30303587,Posted: 3 March,all,USN,"Been flying since 2008, love it. worth the money you put into it!"
,Recommended,314160,25431405,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,߷James_Mayonnaise߷,"10/10. flew from finland helsinki-airport to mallorca (spain) to re-act my holiday flight. forgot to but autopilot on, my older sister suicide dive my airplane while i was on bathroom after 3hours of sitting on my chair and getting my♥♥♥♥♥hurt. 10/10 didnt make it to hudson river"
,Not Recommended,314160,14585293,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mimble,Very buggy. Settings don't stick. Not a very successful integration with Steam.
76561198035129237,Recommended,314160,20532099,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,John,"Classic simulator that has never failed. With the revitilizing through steam and bringing back multiplayer makes this by far one of the best simulator experiences you can get. Huge community full of everyone from full time pilots to hobbiests and historians. Any aircraft purpose is possible in this game from commericial flying to military operations, taking a leisurely flight out of a local airport to stunt and formation flying. Very fun game for both the hobbiest and certified pilot in the room."
,Recommended,314160,13527268,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[GBalrz] PlaneStewart,"I am a real world instrument rated pilot and use simulators for instrument practice. I have used all the microsoft versions all the way back to MS2000. I have hundreds of thousands of hours in these simulators.Since FSX came out, I have used both X-Plane 10 and Prepar3d. I currently use P3D.I downloaded this because it was $5 and saw that there are improvements. I also sent a gift to a few of my friends. since P3D isn't hobby grade, expensive, and a little bit more difficult to run smoothly.After about a half hour in the game I am excited about it. I'll be able to race F-18s against my friends again! I haven't installed any of my add-ons to this, and I probably won't. I am treating this as my ""game"" sim.It runs really smooth compared to what I remember from FSX. I am getting 30+ fps steady on a 4k monitor.This is a plug and play flight sim! With a decent joystick and adding trim, flap, and spoiler buttons, it really is something special.Dovetail did a great job bringing back this classic and although I will not use it for training purposes (it can) I will be using the multi-player often and think this was well worth the $5"
,Not Recommended,314160,21934684,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,∀lǝx,Minimally tweaked version of FSX for the sake of money grabbing through DLC. Be weary of the name 'Dovetail Games' - ex-EA veterans looking to pump money out of simulation fans. Their business practices for Train Simulator show exactly what their intentions are.
76561197973183412,Recommended,314160,23338446,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,™ Reaver,"I was able to play the normal Microsoft CD version intill sometime last year, I always had graphic issues and fps rates even with 2x AMD cards in crossfire mode at 8GB, thought I buy this from steam and so glad I did ;-) my fps and graphic issues are now sorted and looks better on steam then it did before!"
76561198174234794,Recommended,314160,24965657,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,561st Cougar,"Ok, I know this game is very old, But If you Get Alot of Addons, Active Sky Next, Rex Textures Direct, PMDG, Aerosoft, Its Not A Bad Simulater, Maybe Some Bugs Here and their, but its still fun for a game made in 2006 :D"
76561198100461228,Not Recommended,314160,15140730,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Furian_RX,"First off FSX has a huge fan base, although the game [simulator] was released way way back in 2006. This is supported by the fact that a 8 year old game has received ""Mostly Positive"" reviews so far with many people claiming to have aviation background praising it for being their all time favorite flight simulator. Don't be mislead however by this current status - it is more of a legacy feedback and does not fully represent what the Steam Edition actually is.I will skip all the positive aspects in my review. They have already been pointed out extensively by others and I do agree with many of them. I will briefly give you my reasons for voting it DOWN which for me outweigh easily all the positives.FSX:SE has has been licensed to the worst developer [acting as publisher for the current edition] who is in charge of creating the next installment under the brand name Flight Simulator. Why worst? Well – Dovetail has no interest in the community other than milking it continuously with DLC releases. SDK has already been cut out from FSX:SE which means that the community will not be allowed anywhere near to creating and sharing. It is clear that the current, as well as the future FS, will follow the same path of Train Simulator by allowing only licensed companies to develop and sell DLC. Dovetail has once again waived the finger at the enormous creativity that the community has – it is strictly business, m8s!At first I was very excited for the game coming to Steam. Even more so at the possibility of getting a new flight simulator in 2015. However after a short research it became apparent that I am not the target group of Dovetail. Have a look at the trailer of Train Simulator 2015 – the guy being brainwashed to buy it is a middle aged cash cow, looking to waste time and has money for 4000$ worth of DLC crap. Yes - **** *** to the people who actually CAN create and contribute to the development of the game. They do not bring money and without money Mr. Cameron would not come again to our offices to praise us for creating worthless jobs.The potential of this simulator is to be the definitive open world exploration game. If it were to have the right developer the community would jump right in and fit a detailed copy of Earth together with the whole aviation industry inside.Thumbs down for the lost potential – this game will develop to be yet another epic failure.PS: Dovetail, don't give me your copy paste developer response – your propaganda tactics belong strictly to the PR department archives.Valve, please nurf their damage control options – it is shocking to see them spamming negative reviews."
,Recommended,314160,23288971,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KobY,"Its awesome, with the right mods this game is majestic ! The time also flies fast when playing, you take off next minute you see you already spent 30 min on the airport. Only downside is the prices of Mods, And the steam version isnt the best as many mods dont support it. For best mods better use Torrent XD"
,Recommended,314160,23284456,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Fr0d0,"It's a nice simulator, but Prepar3d V3 is better.The problem is that you can't buy Prepar3d on Steam :///"
,Recommended,314160,16526523,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tunloink,I wanted to get my pilots license eventually in my life.I can now just THROW that dream out the window.
76561198131745150,Recommended,314160,25707067,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,A320archie,"As you can tell by my hours played it is pretty good but the default aircraft are bad, so buy either the Aerosoft Airbus X Extended or the PMDG 737NGX or 777."
76561198129803744,Recommended,314160,23178278,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Knightguard1,"Now, this game is not for someone who is looking for fun but for someone who, like me, loves aviation and someone who want be a pilot. Though the dlc are a bit expensive and there are alot, is not as bad as train simulator, the planes move very realistically and you can alter how realistic it is the graphics aren't the best, the terrain graphics are very low but you may notice it because you are 30'000 but the planes are ok and the nodding community is really good, allowing more planes and skins for them. The game is still good for pilots, though maybe spending a bit to get some better graphics."
76561198008275297,Recommended,314160,33988273,Posted: 3 August,all,Phantom,"What to say? It's FSX SE. A sort of imrpoved version of the boxed FSX that shares the same problems, especially the OOM errors. It's getting older but its still enjoyable. It's biggest PRO is the moddability. Thanks to thousands of addons you can completely improve your sim experience. New aircrafts (from easy simulation to study level simulation, general aviation to airliners, Props to jets), new scenaries (new airports, new cities, new landscapes), weather engines, HD textures and so on.Naturaly more the addons you install, more the crash chances increase."
76561198209568868,Recommended,314160,26305083,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[TLG]Robzter_1,"10 years old? Just like yesterday, the game is brilliant, defo worth a buy."
,Recommended,314160,13437936,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,winrar.exe,"I couldn't fly my planned cross-country solo flight from Phoenix to Yuma this morning due to weather.Came home, bought this, streamed my flight on Twitch, and had just as much fun.This is almost exactly FSX: Gold, with working multiplayer, more stability, no crashes, low ram requirements, and has pretty much the same file structure as the original (albeit in the SteamApps folder) so all of your addons should work.If you don't have FSX, buy it. It's worth the normal price. This is the simulator all other simulators look up to."
,Recommended,314160,13435264,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AEM,"This game is published by a different company, but this version is more optimized and even reintroduces multiplayer. You could easily play this on high settings with a mid-ranged CPU and GPU and still get at least 60 fps.If you have been a long time MS Flight Simulator fan, this is a must have especially with the current price. The Steam Edition only improves upon the CD version so you're not losing anything by getting this one.10/10 would simulate again."
,Recommended,314160,13949618,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Little Jacob,"Up until I bought this version of FSX two weeks ago, I was still playing FS2004. This 'FS2014' game is fantastic! The multiplayer actually works without blowing hot and cold, it crashes a lot less often (and never in-game) and it doesn't lag at all!And most of the mods for FS2004 and FS2006 (FSX for GameSpy) still work!Well done M$!"
76561198174481842,Recommended,314160,31276170,Posted: 21 April,all,Vanille15,One of the best games of all time
,Recommended,314160,26001163,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TheBestSmurfEver,Great game! Hundreds of hours of fun! Great with PMDG 737NGX!
,Recommended,314160,23612966,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,acra123,Awesome but wish the dlc was more inexpensive
,Recommended,314160,20413321,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,"Dusky(Lyra)""Japan""","I have own them all from 2000 to X SE i have about 30,000 hours over the years great Improvement if you ask me. Just a tip from a pro don't buy the dlc go out on the internet and get good addons like the pmdg 777/737 or pretty much anything on FSPilot Shophttp://www.fspilotshop.com/https://www.precisionmanuals.com/"
,Recommended,314160,13542888,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sinus Boy,"I've spent many hours setting up the original version of FSX to run smoothly, and even then I still wasn't pleased with the results.I spent 5 minutes setting up the Steam version and, voilà, it was by far the smoothest FSX experience I've ever had - no more micro stutters or extended frame rate dips!My time with it so far has shown it to be perfectly stable.Useful tip: if you have an Nvidia card, use the Nvidia Inspector software to set the V-Sync to 1/2 refresh rate and set the minimum FPS in the FSX settings to 30. Doing this improves smoothness for many users."
76561198137706787,Recommended,314160,34071179,Posted: 6 August,all,olly_2101,"If you have been a fan of flight simulation for some time, then you’ll no doubt be aware of just how effective the Microsoft Flight Simulator series has been over the years. It’s become the absolute staple of flight simulation quality and realism for many years and is one of the flagship Microsoft gaming products. The most recent release, Flight Simulator X, was hugely received at the time and quickly established itself as the key player within the flight simulation industry.If you’ve never played a flight simulator then before then FSX: Steam Edition is just what you are looking for. However, if you’ve previously spent time using these simulators then you’ll be probably wondering just what the reason for buying this again would be. After all, if you’ve been building up a huge collection of add-ons and DLC for the original FSX, do you really need to install the new one?We want to take a look at the new features and help users decide if the latest re-release of FSX is really worth your time and money. If you’ve already got the original edition then it might be worth reading on as you’ll be able to find out just what has actually changed from FSX and FSX: Steam Edition.For anyone who has never taken on the joy of flight simulation before, though, you’ll find all the help that you need in deciding if this seems like the kind of experience that you would enjoy. Flight simulation is quite a niche entertainment subject so it’s not uncommon for people to find it a little bit too realistic or overly challenging – this review will let you see just how in-depth the process goes, and whether or not it’s going to be suitable for you.Key FeaturesChangesArguably the most integrated flight simulation experience that there is – despite being released in 2006, this simulator still more than holds its own in 2015High-end graphics and attention to detail ensures that you have a flight simulator that not only performs well and is hugely realistic, but it looks absolutely fantastic whilst doing soA huge amount of selections in terms of aircraft – covering all shapes and sizes, you’ll find a massive collection of aircraft to pick from that follow realistic planning and statistics so that you can fly the aircraft just as you would in the real worldHugely realistic in that it gives you as much control as it possibly can from within the cockpit for each aircraft. You’ll have control over just about everything that you could possibly need to make a safe and simple flightMassive attention to detail for each and every aircraft in the game – no longer will you feel like you are flying an imitation, with ever aircraft bringing its own personality to the table. Enhance your flight experience and your development as a pilot with this excellent flight simulatorA thriving community that has released thousands of high-end DLC and mods – you’ll be able to pick up just about any aircraft you can think of, and use it in stunning detail and intricate realism!Made to improve your overall flight comprehension as well as enjoy yourself, FSX: Steam Edition comes with a wealth of extra modes that you can enjoy including a multiplayer sectionIncluded in this modes is a 50-mission campaign mode that lets you do plenty of unique tasks and take on various roles from your aircraft – you can literally play these over and over again, for countless hours, and see a unique situation almost every time!Based on real-life flight, you’ll be learning the same kinds of tricks that a real pilot would. To balance this, the simulator is extremely punishing – if you are looking for a challenge to your flight credentials and to see if you are good enough to fly, this is itA huge selection of editing tools so that you can make your own aircraft and edit the world as you see fitFully working online mode so that you can take on your friends in competitive flight, and prove who the best pilot is!Overall, FSX is a bit of a conundrum. It brings lots of positive features to the table and makes sure that you’ll be able to start becoming a better and more enjoyable pilot. It’s a big improvement over the original edition of the game and makes it much easier to get to grips with, and therefore actually enjoy.However, does it actually change enough to warrant a full-price purchase if you already own FSX and its assorted mods? This is where perspective needs to come in, and you need to decide whether or not having better performance and online features is worth the cost."
,Recommended,314160,23831985,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,isultanlialif,"Dovetail Games studio has managed to really make FSX what it is meant to be again. As a fan of flight sims since a very long time, I can clearly say that FSX: SE is a lot better than standard and outdated FSX. The annoying bugs are fixed now with the exception of a few. As FSX: SE and X-Plane 10 are the most chosen flight sims, FSX: SE has outstanding quality of add-ons. High quality add-ons from big developers such as Aerosoft, PMDG, FlyTampa makes this game the reason to purchase it.Pros:-Great for starters-Great add-on developers & community-Outstanding add-ons such as PMDG 777, FlyTampa Dubai-A lot of possibilities to customize the game-Less bugs than old FSXCons:-Noticeable lags-FPS drops when using DirectX 11 options-Only a few bugs that needs to get fixedOverall a great flight sim and would recommend it for everyone."
,Recommended,314160,34801022,Posted: 7 September,all,Kuro,PULL UPPULL UP
76561198110573230,Recommended,314160,16570000,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tachyon,"When you first start the game figuring out the controls can be a hassle and although flying without a joystick is possible, you are going to need one if you want to be able to fly properly. However after that is all figured out, it is an amazing game to play for professionals and people who just feel like goofing around. There are fun missions for times when you dont know what to do and tutorials for newcomers You are going to eventually have to buy some payware addons to really make the game shine, but there is plenty of freeware like project opensky aircraft if you dont have the money. The game does not appear to be hard on your computer and has a really good community. The graphics are ok considering when it was made, but they could be better especially the water and there is no wingflex for the default 737 and the gear doesn't tilt in the 747 which is a realism killer. The clouds also magically fade away when you get near them and there is no volumetric effect. I would definitely recommend this. After making the move from x plane to fsx i feel that the colours look my vibrant and less gloomy, better freeware, more payware, and the wingtip vortices add a nice feel. In terms of physics, i have never flown a plane myself but the physics in airplanes feel not completely realistic but pretty good in my opinion. The touchdowns feel a bit stiff but the overall flight doesn't feel ""on rails"" as others say. Helicopter physics do not feel very realistic. They are too stable and easy to control. For how i like to fly though the physics suit me perfectly and i personally dont want that realism but i know others will. The atc is easy to use and great for beginners aswell. No need to go all professional and download flight plans, all you need to know is where you are leaving from and where your destination is. All in all i give this game a 7/10 by itself but if you include the vast amount of addons i give this a 9/10 Even if you think a 7/10 is a bit low my opinion is to watch and read some reviews, look at some pictures, if youve already done that then my opinion is buy the game. For total honesty, there is an 88.5 percent chance you wont regret itBroken downphysics/7/10ease of use(not including controls) 9/10controls 4/10performance 9/10default aircraft quality 7/10default scenery quality 5/10"
,Not Recommended,314160,23693044,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hyperspeed1313,"SummaryNOT WORTH YOUR MONEY.GameplayIf you're looking at this game because you played FSX and are getting nostalgia for it again, you'll find everything is exactly how it was on the original CD release. All the control mappings and defaults are the same. Flight controls are the same. Missions are the same. It's the same simulator that Microsoft released a full 10 years ago. The scenery is that outdated look and the engine still has the same fun problems (except for some compatibility issues, see ""Steam Edition""). The plus side is the base package can be run on max settings from even mid-range laptops with integrated graphics.Steam EditionLet me explain just why this game is now available on Steam. Dovetail Games (a pretty bad developer who sees itself as the god of sim-games) bought the rights to distribute FSX 2 years ago so they could make their own flight simulator. What they did for FSX was quickly patch some issues with compatibility for Windows 8/8.1 devices (and probably W10 too), so that it could run on Steam users' current PCs. Then they released it into the wild to earn cash to fund their development project for a new flight sim. I don't think they've touched it since.Warning!Lots of add-ons for MFSX will not work with the SE version for a number of reasons. The most basic is that an add-on refernces the standard installation directory, which is not where the SE version is installed. There are other reasons, but I can't really explain them.Persistent IssuesWhile Dovetailsupposedlyfixed some compatibility issues with newer operating systems, they certainly didn't fix all of them. In addtion, there are some things they should have fixed before re-releasing this on Steam. For example, the mission compass is still really stretched out on a monitor that isn't at a 4x3 aspect ratio. If you use DX10 rendering (better performance), you will never be able to go near an airport because of the horrid texture clipping that occurs. Every line and every asphalt surface that overlap encounter the WORST texture clipping with the DX10 engine. And if you go back to the default renderer, DX9, it then becomes impossible to see some pause menus (for example, rebinding keys mid-flight). Instead all you see is a black screen where you know there should be a menu. At that point, the only thing you can do is close the program externally. So you're basically forced to have massive texture clipping.ConclusionWhile I miss the days of FSX when it was new, I definitely am not reliving those now. The software has so many issues relating to newer operating systems that it makes the game unplayable on any modern platform (especially on the Windows 10 that Microsoft has been shoving down our throats). If I had a computer running Vista or XP (both no longer supported by Microsoft, fyi), this would be a worthwhile buy. However, to get this playable on a modern system requires you to dig around the web for solutions that involve manual edits to the game's source code/installation files. It's just not worth it.Footnote to Dovetail GamesDear Dovetail: how is it when you're given only a handful of things to do that you still manage to fall short? Even a cash grab should be well patched to work on a modern system. And you saw that your new flight sim/school was targeted at the wrong audience (I mean, what did you expect? The last good flight sim at its release was THIS, in 2006, or XPlane, which is quite a bit more complicated to use. Of course we're first in line for a new flight sim). And can we talk about how all of your other sims seem to tank in the reviews as well? You're notacclaimedfor anything, and the only thing you'rerenownedfor is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulators. I.E. your train simulator should still be in the oven for optimization fixes. Your new flight school still has a lot of artifacts from the FSX engine like details popping into view and it's only got 2 planes. From all I've seen, you're one of the worst developers I know of. I WANT to enjoy a new flight simulator. Don't push out a release too early when you build the full thing. GET IT RIGHT. It's so frustrating when a developer is desperate for cash so they push a game out before it's ready. Then it never gets fixed and everyone hates it. Thing is, this is what it feels like you, Dovetail, are doing with EVERY SINGLE THING YOU MAKE."
,Not Recommended,314160,14697399,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ITalkGadget,"One of the most unstable games i have downloaded i am on windows 8.1 and it crashes for fun even when trying to load a flight. my machine is well above the recomended specs with a 6 core 3.2 ghz processer 8 gb ram and 3gb graphics card. it even does this in low graphics!UPDATE: Dovetail emailed me and said that i should send them a file i then sent themt his ""file"" and have had no reply they are the WORST company for customer service i have EVER known."
,Recommended,314160,13890236,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,CuteBlueberry,"Pretty fun for those who like planes. Kinda hard to learn at first, but not bad once you fly a few flights"
,Recommended,314160,13753144,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ég vil deyja,"Fantastic simulator, works with my 1999 Joystick, if you're an enthusiast this is a must buy."
,Recommended,314160,33475909,Posted: 12 July,all,Adam Wallace,Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition -Pro:1. Classic Simulator2. Online multiplayer (VATSIM) is very realistic - ADDON NOT ON STEAM3. The menu music..is just amazingCons:- Addons can be very expensiveREASON why I DON'T play this anymore; I now use a advanced simulator called Prepar3D (P3D)Overall :- One of the best classic simulators
,Recommended,314160,23311910,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Typhoon Man o' War,"As an aviation fan, this is my top 1 game.Been flying since 2005. (11 years).I love this simulator it makes me feel better.Probably one of the greatest piece of software ever created!I recommend this simulator to everyone."
76561198067740825,Recommended,314160,22377071,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,husky,"Guys really there is a HUGE, diffrence in the Steam version of Fsx and the Boxed version I use to play back in the day!Let me explain more....Steam version is optimised so much better and runs like clockwork, very-smooth with no hick-ups /slowdowns whatsoever, and thats including all the add-ons as well! I dont know what they did exactly but it worked, this is a whole new experience to the game the way it was meant to be played, Yeah Nvidia schould pay me for saying that Haha. I am slowly building the simulator of my dreams,Thanks Steam and Fsx. Nz"
76561198011798086,Not Recommended,314160,14740121,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,AhCrap,absolute garbage - freezes and crashes every single game . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I WISH I COULD GET A REFUND :(
76561198295125288,Recommended,314160,22058105,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,JoeV,"Took adavantage of the FSX Steam Edition reduced price in March and installed it. I have been playing FS since it was first introduced in the 1980s and have become addicted. Very disappointed when Microsoft decided to pull out of FS development a few years ago. Clearly the box version was not going to keep up with the advances in operating systems over time and I was seeing the box FSX sim crash on a regular basis, even on a very highly configured box. Played with X-Plane for a while but not the same. I was sceptical about how much better the Steam Edition would be over the box version but the price reduction was a good incentive. All I can say is WOW!!! The Steam Edition is superior to the box version in many ways, not the least of which is Windows 10 compatability with not a single OS crash even though all settings are at maximum. Graphics are better and performance is much better. Very pleased I moved to FSX SE and I am now back in the cockpit."
,Recommended,314160,26287667,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HowesRaider™,>Singleplayer•Fly across the world in real time.•Awesome Modding Comunity.•Paid addons are to die for (Maybe not the steam ones though).•Awesome missions to challenge your ability.•A flight log to collect all your hours of flying>Multiplayer•A literal♥♥♥♥♥♥show.
76561197969314294,Recommended,314160,14024746,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kraken,"This may be the one and only time I use the words 'Microsoft' and 'superb' in the same sentence.Yes its getting on a bit, but its still the king of the hill.  The whole world is out there waiting for you to explore it.  Online works great too, with some busy servers giving ou plenty of people to fly with.A very relaxing, rewarding experience in a variety of aircraft, each with great feel and handling."
,Recommended,314160,34398605,Posted: 21 August,all,Tangy®,Flight Simulator 2004's predecessor set the mood for the new generation of flight simulators keeps the classic FS9 feel with a new modern touch adding more missions and scenery Steam version feels the same multiplayer is made more simple and improved. THE ONLY CON IS NO VISUAL CRASH DAMAGE! Other then that Flight Simulator X is wonderful lots to experience and lot to learn if becoming a pilots your thing.
76561198261609044,Recommended,314160,34593872,Posted: 29 August,all,Asian Bran,"Pretty good flight sim, I have to say they're generous with the default aircraft because usually these simulators give you less than 10 aircraft. They did a good job with the scenery since I can fly out of any city I have visted and usually I can recognize it. The physics engine is also decent, many times I try to do a long climb in a 747 and usually I stall and have to pull out of it. As far as the graphics go the default ones look like fs2004 but I think that's good because If I take off from a small airport like Portland, Maine the fps is pretty smooth. The game is also cheaper than x-plane 11 and all aircraft have great controllabillity with a mouse.  Also to note is that in free flight you can change the livery of an aircraft by checking the ""show all versions"" box.Overall, for my first true flight sim this was pretty good, the only thing I think thats bad about the game is the hordes of dlc that costs more than the base game.7.8/10 on the scheisse scaleTl:dr A good flight sim with a good selection of planes that runs well on a laptop.Plane destructability sucked though, no big boom."
76561198090756194,Recommended,314160,13488362,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rooz,"After getting it to work on windows 8.1 ive gotta say for $5 and how old the game is, id say deffently worth it. for the ones that it doesnt work for, you might be missing a file that it needs to launch should be somewhere on the forums you do need microsoft visual c++ 2013 redistributable (x86)"
,Recommended,314160,15094276,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,_Ho0cH_,"I do and dont' recommend this game.This is not a game i would recommend to everyone, only weirdos like me.The missions are long and boring, you dont' fight things, you litterally just fly airplanes. But thats okay, because it's relaxing.So if you are interested in this game, keep in mind:It's a simulator so expect the only thing you do to flyThis game is better if you have a HOTASFlying takes time, don't expect to get anywhere fastThe missions are simple tasks that don't require to much thought and take up to a maximum of 3 hours to complete, so to normal people it should be boring.But other than those i would recommend it to anybody that has a interest in flight simulators because it is the BEST flight sim i've ever played. It will consume your life because there are so many diffrent planes, and missions, and areas to fly, and you can download more planes, and missions, and areas to play. It's endless fun.9/10 would not recommend to normal people."
76561198126113635,Recommended,314160,29239663,Posted: 13 January,all,Maurishark,Probably one of the best flight sims on the market. Great Range of variety and addons.
76561198175619339,Recommended,314160,32348603,Posted: 11 June,all,Gem_Scot,"Where to start with FSX:SE? It will take up the majority of your day playing (but I'm sure you know that) Graphics are pretty bad unless you are willing to pay for better ones and all the default aircraft are not very realistic, but I'm not saying that these are bad things. I started off playing FSX:SE with 0 prior knowledge of flight simulation and now I have over 500 hours and counting of game time! Within a few days or even hours you can be flying anywhere in the world! I do suggest getting some FREE addon aircraft at first such as a more realistic 737-800 and airbus a320 family they are normally the easiest aircraft to fly and get a hang off, after a while I bought the Aerosoft a320 bundle and to be honest the FPS isn't the best as it's such a complex addon but you will need to get used to it. As I mentioned before the ground textures and graphics could be better but again you get used to it after a while and if it annoys you that much that the grass is a little funny looking you can always buy new ground textures from the steam store or a 3rd party website (3rd Party websites are normally better, they have a larger variety) The Multiplayer aspect is OKAY to say the least most people in that are new or are just messing around so if you want to play realistically with others go on servers such as VATSIM or IVAO etc. So overall Flight Simulator X: Steam edition, well it's a good starter Flight simulator and will do MOST people fairly well but there is some issues, granted there not major ones but none the less issues, if I would recommend getting this or X-plane 9 or P3D for example is debatable so really if you have some spare money sitting around I would give it a shot, who knows you may love it!"
76561198183613755,Not Recommended,314160,14776237,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,capt.marz,don't waste your money on this edition it's a junk ....
,Recommended,314160,17220273,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mason09lid,FSX is a game I have played for 6 months and still struggle with. The game provides a very realistic look into the large capacity of solutions Pilots must conjure on a day to day basis with difficult challenges such as different weather conditions and the size of airport you choose to find yourself in. I would highly recommend buying a controller to use while playing the game at the least as I soon found the difficulties of flying with just a keyboard which increases the difficulty rating by about 10. Dont expect a GTA style flying conditions as members of the online community take the game very seriously in their approach which is in its own respect is a good thing for learners and experts of the game alike.This game will take a while to master but is well worth the purchase for a long gaming experience.
,Recommended,314160,25758571,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,DragonJamie,"Flew a GPS led navigation for a fairly short flight from Heathrow (EGLL) to Malaga (LEMG).Whole flight goes off without a hitch. GPS points were plotted in, so I got in on course and just observed the route for most of the flight.Begiin my descent to Malaga, still fine, all the way through my descent towards to APP glideslope.As I go to hook the glideslope, I take control back to my yoke, deciding to fly it in manually.Extend the flaps, disengage the FD and AP Master... Game crash.Great flight sim. But don't get too heavily invested in to your flights, as the game can straight up crash with no warning."
76561198274783740,Recommended,314160,25534910,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Jppalmer27,Totally worth the money! 5 stars
76561197975788162,Recommended,314160,13439745,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lewis - A2A,"Great old FSX, slightly updated awith working MP and a few other bits to run on modern machines. All  now in the one stop STEAM eco system, whats not to like?"
76561198121706581,Recommended,314160,13663523,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TomJhPage,"It's fundamentaly quite good, but many addon planes, such as the PMDG 737, do not work"
,Recommended,314160,13435947,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,grimpy0,"Love this game. Runs like a charm, and even multiplayer works.If only they added more missions and steam achievements..."
76561198213204128,Not Recommended,314160,14873982,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,john.lydia1701,"Steam is the least effective system I have ever tried to use. I wish I had never even started it. I have a copy of Flight Simulator X prior to Steam addition and I will go back to it. If you lived up to your advertising it probably would be great, but is does not.John"
76561198102181699,Recommended,314160,22171133,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,njsullyalex,"It's about time I gave my opinion on FSX:SE.I never owned the boxed edition of FSX, however, I had a friend of mine who did, and he reccomended that I get FSX. I got it about a year ago when it was on sale for $5.00. When my friend found out, he was as excited as I was.Simply put, it was the best $5 I ever spent. I love FSX:SE. As this was my first full fledge flight simulator, I didn't need all the bells and whistles of newer flight sims such as X-Plane. I just enjoyed flying planes. I really learned a lot playing this game, as it taught me the basics of aircraft flight. I started off on small Cessnas and Pipers but gradually worked my way up to larger Boeings. The default aircraft are good but not perfect. If you are just beginning, you won't be able to tell the difference, but if you are an experienced flight simmer/actual pilot, you will see some things missing. However, if you get bored with the default aircraft, you can always download more planes for free atsimviation.com.The multiplayer is very fun. The Steam multiplayer works well and I enjoy flying formations and airline hops with other players online. As a member of the FSX Competition Center, I can participate in landing competitions online. However, I do have a few complaints about multiplayer. The first is that the microphone communication is TERRIBLE - it's almost impossible to make out anything anyone says. It is for this reason that most servers use TeamSpeak to communicate. I personally prefer using the chat box. My other issue is that you can't use the direct connect feature - which prevents FSX:SE from playing online multiplayer with FSX Boxed. This was something dissapointing I found out when I tried playing with my friend - luckily, he recently purchased FSX:SE himself, so now we can do multiplayer! My last problem isn't with the multiplayer itself, but with the people. Many people on the SE multiplayer are less experienced than people who played the boxed edition. So if you want the most realistic ATC multiplayer possible, you may want to get VATSIM (which works great with FSX:SE BTW).The graphics are nothing special, considering this game is over 10 years old. But I can ignore poor graphics if the gameplay is good, which the gameplay in FSX is OUTSTANDINGLY FUN!!! However, if you want improved graphics, they have addons for that.The most notable thing about FSX:SE is how WELL it runs on my PC. My laptop is far from a gaming powerhouse, and it even struggles to run some of the most basic games at times. However, at times, I am getting maximum framerates on FSX:SE at high settings! FSX:SE is the most playable game on my PC by far, so if your PC is weak, don't worry, it will likely handle FSX:SE fine. Also, I'm running Windows 7.In the end, FSX:SE is a great flight simulator. It has excited me for hours and taught me a lot about aviation in the process. It may have even inspired me to eventually get a real pilot's liscence! If you are a beginner or expert in flight simming, and you want an excellent flight simulator that will grow with you, then FSX:SE is the game for you. I give it a 9.5/10.Tip: Be sure to pick up the game when it is on sale, as the price sometimes drops as low as $5.00!"
,Recommended,314160,33676523,Posted: 20 July,all,Minibatch,"FSX: Steam Edition, the best part. It isn't real. If you crash, oh well. Trial and error.Getting back into it to have fun, learn to do more stuff, gps is great.10/10 -Would buy FSX again on another acc for fun.-Kurmondaz."
76561198274514334,Recommended,314160,21380800,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Armageddon's Protagonist,"Bringing the FSX world to Steam, making the game playable for Windows 10 made it so I could finally upgrade from Windows 7. It has kept the same level of realism and compatibility with most after market add ons. I have not had any problems adding Blue Sky Scenery with helps the ground realism (in select areas) greatly, while also adding many vintage warbirds for truly exciting flying.The added attraction of the multiplayer capability makes an interesting new dimension to flight, where you have to avoid other fliers that may maneuver irregularly. The only drawback to the multiplayer realm is that you get an interpreted display of other's aircraft unless you have the exact same plane installed, with precisely the same name on your system. With there being literally tens of thousands of add-on aircraft and helicopters out there it makes it a guarantee that many, perhaps MOST, will be flying something entirely other than what you see. If there was some way to have the game transmit the appearance of the plane you are flying so others see you as you are, this would add a level of realism that would have me in multiplayer every time I fly.I truly enjoy the level of realism FSX has over older versions of Flight Simulator. I've been flying various versions for 27 years and having it available in Windows 10 means that I will still have many more years to enjoy this simulation."
,Recommended,314160,26209064,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Scrub,I bought sfx on disc back in 2006 having played over 1000.  I saw fsx on sale on steam for 8 dollars and had to buy another copy just to have on Steam. The mod compatibility is a little wonky but can be worked around. I would suggest this to anyone with an interest in aviation. The game has a huge learning curve to be played to it's fullest and is not for casual players.
,Recommended,314160,20877217,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Stryker,"Yes. It's just an astonishing game for what it is. The trailer is a bit weird. >^< But otherwise than that, it's pretty fun. Worth the $24.99"
,Recommended,314160,13434904,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jordguitar,"This is just like the FSX you used to play. Now you can not loose the disk. Right now alot of addons are broken and you will need to wait until they are supported but at 5 dollars (price when I wrote this), it is worth it to buy it and wait until your favorite addons are supported.Edit November 2016:Oh god dammit Dovetail."
,Recommended,314160,13447349,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Travis,"Glad to see this finally come to Steam.Pros:-Beautiful graphics for its time, pretty good even now.-True open world. Literally the ENTIRE planet.-Plenty of tutorials to get you started.-Wide selection of aircraft, with many more available online. (Workshop, pretty please?)Cons:-Even with a modern system, the framerate can get pretty poor near large cities.If you're a fan of aviation, this is a must-have, especially if you don't want to drop a bunch of money on X-Plane DLCs."
76561198063607509,Not Recommended,314160,15300650,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,djmidnightwilde,Unfortunately the changes made to the steam edition of fsx have rendered most 3rd party pay and freeware malfunctional. The sim is crippled with bugs and problems that used to be easy to solve in the microsoft boxed edition. I am afraid I made a mistake in purchasing this.
76561198031051623,Recommended,314160,13849545,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AceDan158,"Love it, still has a few bugs but every game does, the AI is okay but their isnt much of it, ICEAI solves that (mod). the flying is extremely detailed, I am still using ctrl +e to start the engines but I haventy played much, graphics are good, as with any light sim the planes look better then the ground, mess around with the settings but you will probably need a good PC for the best graphics."
76561197967457295,Not Recommended,314160,14845704,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,HotScarvey,"Wow, 25 dollars for a piper cherokee?? For one airplane.  Are you KIDDING ME???Do NOT buy the Steam addition of this game.  They will kill you on add-ons.  I only wish I had listened and still had my money from buying the base edition.Buyer beware!"
,Recommended,314160,24696494,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gekurous,I Love this game! I got it last year on the Xmas sale. And i have been hooked towards aviation! I love aviation so much now!
,Not Recommended,314160,14921471,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BabyKIlla,"Dear Whoever:THE DLC AIRCRAFT YOU PROVIDE ARE TRASH!THE SCENERY YOU PROVIDE for $64 IS TRASH!YOUR DLC IS TRASHDLC AS A CONCEPT IS AN EVIL MONEY GRABBING SCHEME.We are starting to see EA V2 coming around.Stop doing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t overpriced DLC . Make a game and then sell it for a set price. When you pay the full price, you have the full game. No DLC. No ""Micro"" Transactions.Thank you."
76561197982110694,Recommended,314160,14570441,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,henry888,"Great Game, I spend relaxing times on this game. HR1 :  )"
76561198254225452,Not Recommended,314160,21352347,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,U.C.Y.I.M.D. BEST!™,"NOTICE: DTG will be launching 2 new Simlulators this year DTG Flight School and DTG Flight Simulator...so expect support/update to FSX:SE will be at a minimum to none. Just F.Y.I.On to the review:------------------Coming from the boxed edition of FSX to FSX:SE I notice/experience very few improvement to the sim mostly on how CTD (crash to desktop) occurs, before I could hardly finish a long flight, now mostly I could. Still there are errors that occurs that results to CTD but not as often as before, but occurs rather randomly in different phase of the flight.One very noticeable improvement is to the Piper J-3 Cub default aircraft, before you could hardly land it without ground looping even when there is no wind.As a bonus if you have invested on some add-ons the odds are you could still ""add-it"" without a problem or at least with minimal fuss, but of course not all of your add-ons will work.Would not recommed to a casual user (non-techy), but I could still recommend this game to people who would not mind not having a constant update and who could in one way or the other resolve their own issues or thru other users.P.S. Still hoping that DTG will continue to improve/update or to the very least maintain compatibility to newer OSes and modern hardwares."
76561197995813780,Recommended,314160,32132825,Posted: 2 June,all,Bombadil,"Great game, but it is pretty outdated by now. Graphics are very weak without addons."
,Recommended,314160,24134490,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pedro the Pilot,"Nice mechanics, good graphics, but really overpriced DLCs. Game has not been updated in years, only expensive DLCs are coming out from the developers. I got this for 7 dollars. If you get a good sale on this, buy it.If you have money, though, and are looking for better graphics, get XPlane 10 or Prepar3D.Edit: Yes, the game IS worth it even at full price. If you want an enhanced experience, fly at Vatsim or IVAO. Do not get freeware, if you want more planes, spend a little on payware. Way more complex and totally worth it."
,Recommended,314160,29413084,Posted: 21 January,all,Grey_Ghost87,"Pros:-The game has a sandbox feel.-Online play is active like it used to be.-Many of the add on from FSX still work.-The flying models all seem nice and it is fun to navigate them.-You can explore the whole world.-Navigation is easy once you know how to use it.-The flight planner is good, but I am still learning it.-Dovetail is pretty responsive on fixing issues with the game.Cons-A few of the add ons do not work. (Carrier Strike Force cannot launch 3wirex due to an issue on permissions on the application).-The F/A-18 Hornet navigation systems did not work online, but I think that I found a way around it. (go to view>instruments>GPS)-The voice nmultiplayer option is not the best because it doesn't come across clear. It makes me wonder if it is a netcode issue or a lack of VOIP support.-The software will not allow me to go above 16khz, so this might have something to do with my voice issues.Conclusion:I think if you haven't played FSX and you have always wanted to this is a great option if you have Windows 8 or higher.  This has plenty of add ons avaliable online to make you want to try it again if you are a seasoned FSX pilot, but with that being said this can be an expensive hobby given enough time. I would personally recommend it."
76561198059324108,Recommended,314160,29314887,Posted: 17 January,all,737factor,"Flew around a bit, had fun. Bought addons, spent a few thousand euros, had more fun. 10/10"
76561198093213113,Recommended,314160,13578769,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,compudav,"It's great to see this franchise resurrected! I have been playing Flight Simulator since the days of FS98. FSX was a true masterpiece as others have commented and I was very sad to see the franchise get axed by Microsoft. Thankfully, Dovetail has released the classic game on Steam. Through some under-the-hood tweaks, it plays better than the boxed version of FSX that Microsoft released!The performance increase alone makes this a worthwhile purchase. It is also worth the money to not have to safeguard your old FSX discs and serial since you can always re-download on Steam.I would highly recommend and encourage people to support this effort and game. We need some life breathed back into the flight simming world!"
76561198077938996,Recommended,314160,29919601,Posted: 14 February,all,KAZOO KID,"Really fun game , still great even though its pretty old. Great if you have an hour or 100 hours free."
76561197977328878,Recommended,314160,13575953,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Joe,"In the past 24 hours, I've learned a lot about flying. This simulator, while elderly by computer standards, is an absolute dream. It runs perfectly on my laptop. It also comes with a TON of literature about flying, so you can really get into the whys and wherefors of the simulation (hint: learn to trim so you don't have to keep a deathgrip on your stick). The playthrough tutorials are good but the flight lessons have long, entertaining essays that will really hone your skills. Sadly, the in-game scripts for the flight lessons are not included as of this writing. Still, for someone on a budget with an older machine, this is about as good as it gets."
76561198260564181,Recommended,314160,28129190,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Miss Me 102,I would highly recommend this flight simultator. The only thing I would change is how you must have admin privliges to play the game. It becomes quite annoing after a while but overall it is a great game.
,Recommended,314160,28565162,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nathon,"This is Microsoft's premier flight simulator product. It provides all the features you'd expect from a flight simulator. However, they have taken the approach that only the most basic planes and functionality are included. High resolution images, high res weather, more detailed planes, additional planes, better flight management tools, etc. are all additional purchases. I purchased the high resolution packs and more detailed planes, but unfortunately found out that all of the cockpit buttons, dials and so on still aren't usable. I wanted something where I can use the real buttons on the cockpit panels instead of keyboard shortcuts for everything. Overall though it's not bad. It does what it's supposed to do and the built-in tutorials are great."
,Recommended,314160,13830558,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,amd133mhz,"I have always wanted this game. Steam made that a reality. I have to say, even with its shortcommings due to age (the occasinal dll runtime crash,weird resolutions, glitchy load ins and other annoying bugs) the game runs at about 95% perfect. It is SO much fun to play. I dusted off a Saitek Cyborg joystick for this one and it works great. The xbox 360 controller works pretty good, but you will want to remap. I truly enjoy this. I picked it up for $5 and I could say I would pay up to $10 MAYBE 15 and it be worth it considering it does have issues, but I would wait until it is on sale before buying IMHO. $24.99 just seems a bit steep for this. I have only dabbled into the multiplayer a few times and I really like it. The missions are great and of course free flight is the best. I love flying. This is a solid 9/10 with one point knocked off for some glitches and crashes. Otherwise have at it! If you want to learn how to fly, buy it!"
,Recommended,314160,28725897,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CAMWIN128,"This game has been the start of my love for aviation. It really sparked a new side to me. It runs on any computer (becuz it was designed for computers 10 years ago). The community is fantastic, with plenty of help and support. It has truly opened a new world for me.Would highly recommend for anyone from the ages of 12 to 60!"
,Recommended,314160,26074474,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Vitiate hellcase.com,"Very good game, It is hard to get the hang of at first put in the end you will really enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,314160,25056578,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ERJ-190 flashyflashy.com,That is one of the best simulators so far.Pros:Really good mechanics.Realistic af !A lot of scenery and aircrafts.The most of the things in the cockpit are workingA lot of free sceenery and aircrafts.There are a lot of payware addons.Cons:Graphics are bad but the game is old so that is not really a big problem.There are a lot of payware addons that are really expencive but you can play the game without them.
76561198327295140,Recommended,314160,34998659,Posted: 16 September,all,Kermit The Kommunist,A very good game with a load of addons which you have to buy and also freeware which can be pretty good as well.
76561198062452644,Recommended,314160,35119717,Posted: 21 September,all,jyggalag,i wish i was rich so i  buy nasa's computer to play all of the dlcs
76561198083069778,Recommended,314160,20870796,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Derrick,"This game is amazing. I've always loved planes since I was a little boy, and im thankful for this game on steam. I have the boxed version of this game and its a improvement, I reccomend this game to all my friends and plane enthusiasts. On my old PC when i had the boxed version i could run on low settings. But with steam, I can run near ultra on that PC, thank you developers for helping the people with not beasted  Pc or macs to run this game. Thank you FSX, and thank you Steam!"
,Recommended,314160,13542073,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FidX,I've been playing Flight Simulator X for countless time before the steam edition release and this is my favourite flight simulation software of all time! :D
,Recommended,314160,31316051,Posted: 23 April,all,privat7l,that's awesome
,Recommended,314160,13871280,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Muddy360,"First, I must say that I play this game exclusively with a very nice joystick and throttle combo, so my experience is going to be different from someone without a joystick.That said, this is a very well made game with a bazillion airports and well made maps (I could recognize a lot of landforms around where I live).  The selection of planes is very good, most heavily focusing on commercial planes, from small single-props to the all-mighty 747.  The missions make for great structured gameplay, and you do not have to follow all the instructions, just complete the overall objective (finish the race, land the plane, go here, go there, etc.).  Also, the map in-game covers the entire world, so you can chart a flight from Laguardia in New York and actually fly to Heathrow  in England or LAX in California.  Just make sure that your plane has enough fuel so you aren't ditching in some mountain range or in the middle of the ocean.This game is not for the faint of heart, as it is an excellent simulator, but there is most certainly a lot of fun to be had."
76561197993122429,Not Recommended,314160,15161714,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ThaSeekah,"I have the original game on my shelf, decided to buy this so I could fly multiplayer again. It was very disappointing to find out that there are only a handful of multiplayer scenarios, mostly racing crap. Maybe I don't get how to use a drop-down menu or I'm missing the secret information how to get the other multiplayer modes to work.If this had workshop support I could recommend this game, but it seems they want limitations to the release so they can charge more for things as time goes by.Also  there hasn't been one update posted on here since I purchase it, not a bug-fix or note about what they are working on... just DLC $$$... Not what I want to see."
,Recommended,314160,21066458,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,=LXN= IceGT,My university runs this on their ATD
,Recommended,314160,15068169,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dayman,"I've been playing FSX since it came out in 2006 [Best. Christmas. Gift. Ever.]When I found out it was on Steam, I immediately bought it [my CD version got a little wonky :(] +700 Hours between CD and Steam version. And ever since I first played it, I grew a love for flying. While the game has it's up's and downs I do highly reccomend it for those looking for an introduction to flying or those wanting to continue that hobby.+You have a great variety of default planes to choose from, from the 737, to the classic Cessna Skyhawk, even something like the Piper Cub+Game is easy to mod+Plenty of add ons planes online, both free and paid+/- Haven't tried Multiplayer Yet+Hosts a large number of airports to fly through throughout the world including small airstrips you think would not be there+Includes the Acceleration Pack so you have the famous F-18, P-51, and EH101 Heli+Nice Scenery [if you have your setting up]+Very flexible settings for low end and high end PC's+Features an AI system where you can fly with AI planes, features setting to change frequency of traffic+Has an ATC Radio System you can use in flight+Multiplayer has the ability to play ATC instead of pilot [Haven't played that though]-Cockpits aren't necessarily professional or realistic [There are realism settings but those looking for more professional cockpits that you have to program preflight, look for payware planes by CaptainSim, Aerosoft, or Wilco Publishing]-P-51 for some reason is unbalanced in fuel, Plane leans to the left in flight-All the addons on Steam do not have dynamic missions but premade flights.-There are some scenery glitches such as airstrips sitting in large holes or sitting on plateaus suspended in air [wtf?]All in all, I give the game a9/10. While it has it's errors, it's the best you'll find anywhere. Open for modifications, flexible settings, good gameplay [a whole lot better than X-Plane in my opinion]. Still one of the best PC games I will ever play [+1 for good memories]"
,Recommended,314160,28579837,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Drake5195,"This game came out in 2006 back when I was a wee fetus, being already heavily into FS2002 and FS2004 I got this game for christmas when it came out and have been in love ever since. Now that I have a computer I can max every slider, have REX installed and payware aircraft; is just a dream come true. Although it is old, it plays like it came out yesterday, if you ignore the whole 32-bit thing... X-Plane 11 is around the corner however, but it doesn't have the addons.TLDR: I'm a flight sim nerd, if you are too you probably already have this. If you're not a flight sim enthusiast, it can be a little daunting, but so is piloting a real aircraft. This isn't just a game."
76561198081874921,Recommended,314160,15004756,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KenGardner,"Hi I'm Ken Gardner and I've been flying my computer since FS95, in other words I've been around the block a while. I started playing FSX-SE on my desktop just after it was introduced and found it worked pretty good not like the highly modified FSX stand-a-lone I have. The main problem was no FSUIPC for my addons, Pete Dowson fixed that and now 90% of my addons work. Dovetail did the rest with their updates. Now I Fly both versions FSX stand-a-lone on the desktop and FSX-SE on my laptop. Anybody can see what I'm flying anytime I'm online it's usally an aircraft I've modified to fly as realistic as I think it should. It looks like Dovetail has taken FSX to another level.  I for one am very happy and pass along my recomendation for others to get with it and enjoy flying in the skys of simulation."
76561198250998906,Recommended,314160,26357604,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,chriskuhr3,i love the smoothness of the game but if i had more money i would buy the real world ground textur
76561198220672103,Recommended,314160,30940777,Posted: 4 April,all,KingKobra [SLO],"This is one of the best flight simulator game , if you  want to be a pilot, this game is 100% for you."
76561198033850740,Not Recommended,314160,14234496,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SolaRpwR,"NOW STOP WITH THE DLC AND ADD WORKSHOP SUPPORT! I WILL NOT PAY FOR ""FLIGHT PLANS"".....I am afraid this will be just another train sim. Please dont buy this and support the dlc spam."
76561198049363959,Not Recommended,314160,13773261,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,niten57,"I had flown MSFSX for a long time but the constant crashing made me give up. The steem version dosn't seem to have that problem. 4 Hrs so far and no crash. I'm talking about game crashes not plane crashes. I runs very smooth on my system but I haven't turned some things up yet. I was actually thinking about reloading the old game when I saw that they hade just released it on steem. Affter reading some reviews decided to get it on steam. So far I'm very glad I did.Just discovered after 14 Hrs of play that they still have a problem with the Pilot Log getting corrupted. It will cause the game to open to the splash screen then freeze. You then have to delite the Pilot Log Bin file to start the game. Was hopeing they had fixed this but no luck.Ok, so now after 18 Hrs play it locks up after I landed at an airport. Looks like they haven't fixed it after all. Seems to be still to glitchy to depend on. I try to run a continuas saved game and I don't want to have to start over after a half hour of play. I can't give it a recomindation untill I can start depending on it not to freeze up on me."
,Recommended,314160,31623854,Posted: 8 May,all,A'xTroN,My game when I was a kid!
,Recommended,314160,21059211,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rahul_t12,"Just the best simulator, Go get it!"
76561198110672493,Not Recommended,314160,14888963,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Eastside,"Crap - doesn't even control properly, don't buy, worse game ever... Played for 5 minutes - waste of money"
76561198168038168,Recommended,314160,13851829,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,D1Square,this game is like amazing
,Recommended,314160,22848775,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nihat Hatipoğlu,Fly high like a bird... Land hard like a FSX pilot... Thats what this game about but first buy youself a nice computer. Remember system requirments are no joke.
12343212343212343,Not Recommended,314160,25715699,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Prestige Worldwide™,"Microsoft Flight Simulator X was abandoned by Microsoft about 9 years ago. Dovetail Games was given the license to redistribute it, though. This means FSX is a ten year old game that hasn't been updated in almost a decade. It still manages to stay alive by people who just want to mess around. Compared to todays technology, this is a bad simulator. The physics are rubbish, the planes are unrealistic, and the scenery is awful. The thing that keeps it alive is the 3rd party support. There are SO many addons to this game. I have played this game for 200+ hours (including offline time), and I know in order to make this game good, you have to spend hundreds of dollars on addons and equipment. For example, t isn't really worth it to spend $90 on good physics and wind patterns, when they are already in X-Plane or P3D. P3D should actually replace this, for it copied FSX, since Microsoft abandoned it, and started making new updates with DX11 support! Dovetail is just trying to trick people into buying a game not updated in 10 years, to make a bunch of money. Overall, the community is great, and you can make this better than X-Plane if you spend a bunch of money like I did, but for the base game, I cannot recomment this. Get X-Plane or P3D. 3/10"
76561198121546275,Recommended,314160,18573981,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Carlo,It's fun.
,Recommended,314160,23322162,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[pandaren mating sounds],made me rethink my interest in becoming a pilot
76561198049957376,Not Recommended,314160,14629067,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,daygecko,"Want to fly a plane with the wings on sideways?  How about one with...something...competely obscuring the view out the windows?  Hopelessly broken port, not worth one red cent."
76561198026301375,Recommended,314160,14630727,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Roguejedi421,"I bought this when It first came out on disc. I have played it off and on ever since. I have enjoyed the flying in it. Im not a pilot yet but when I got the chance to fly a plane with somebody. I knew most of everything about it. Enough that I could taxi, takeoff, fly around and land by myself with a pilot next to me for those times I got nervous and for talking to the tower."
,Recommended,314160,14380099,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,♛ RomanD ///M Power,This is a really fun and realistic flight simulator. Good map of the world and gameplay. This is one on my favourite simulators. Definately worth a buy.
,Recommended,314160,13436594,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Twipz_ 👽,"It is the BEST simulator and you can lose insane amounts of hours when you start taking this seriously, like having add-on planes like commercial planes, and have scenery addons. You need Addons to enjoy fully the game but vanilla is good enough for casual players."
76561198049674754,Recommended,314160,14354343,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jooshpak,"Base game is good and easy to get into. Missions are wonderful especially for noobs. But where this game really shines is the realstic paid addons. For now, the Steam Edition dlcs are a sad 3, so you should look at external websites to find the good stuff. Google something like ""best add ons for FSX"", a ton of good content out there. If your getting addons that were designed for non-Steam Editions, make sure you install Simconnect in \Steam\steamapps\common\FSX\SDK\Core Utilities Kit\SimConnect SDK\LegacyInterfaces\FSX-XPACK and it should work. Do additional research if you're still unsure if they'll work with the SE version."
,Recommended,314160,15066075,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,spaghetti and coffee,"Wow, Steam! Great timing for the Microsoft Flight Simulator Steam Sale! 3/26/157/10"
,Recommended,314160,13765522,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,javaj,"Steam version is the only one worth buying, you must buy it even if you own a CD version.Finaly i can crank up every detail on full ans still get decent frame rate, something i couldn't do on any other version.Sale price 80% off makes it worth buying. One of the best in my library."
,Recommended,314160,13435411,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jarl Ballin',"Game is as beautiful as ever, however my framerate is as poor as when I owned my old Dell Inspiron 6400 on higher settings. Good job porting this over from gamespy otherwise.EDIT: Recently, this has happened and has ruined my game...http://steamcommunity.com/id/jacobchambers/screenshot/552021066068465280http://steamcommunity.com/id/jacobchambers/screenshot/552021066068530719"
,Recommended,314160,13440200,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"This is one of the first flight sims I bough over a decade ago and when i rebought it today i was suprised to find its be IMPROVED 10 fold. It's still the great old sim it was but it has better graphics, not a ram ♥♥♥♥♥, and brings back a refreshing blast from the past. It comes with a couple dozen aircraft all with 3D cockpit view and chase view. you can fly from any where to any where using real weather and time with generally accurate generic modles of where towns cities and land masses should be. All in all a good flight sim plus it comes with multi player!"
,Recommended,314160,22110602,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Moe Bradberry,"I already love this game. When I first bought FSX, I thought the technology of the plane would be too complicated for me, and that I wouldn't be able to enjoy the game due to me not having the throttle. I was wrong. While you do have lots of tech at your disposal (Especially in larger planes like the 747), most of the tech is optional. After watching a quick Youtube tutorial, I was already a pro! On my first take off(In Moscow), I crashed several times (but I had fun). Then I tried doing an actual flight, from Montreal (YUL), to Ottawa on a smaller plane (I tried with a 737, I failed), I enjoyed the beautiful and realistic views during the flight, I failed the landing. To this day, I still fail at landing. I remember doing a longer flight, going from Shanghai (Pudong) to the Japanese coast in a fighter jet, that is the farthest flight I have ever done. I love the game, I enjoy doing flights, seeing the beautiful and realistic views. This game is perfect for people that love exploring the world, the game is also good for people that like simulation games and people interested in aviation. I would recommend this game to any patient gamer. I give Microsoft Flight Simulator X an 8/10 realistic and very fun-Zawx"
,Recommended,314160,32984595,Posted: 29 June,all,Gumball Fsjal,since i dont know how to fly a plane i thought i would have no clue what im doing.but the game actually does a little tutorial. so thats nice.gr8 game would play again
76561198076662725,Recommended,314160,25973087,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,jussi,"Very good product with many add-ons but after having to reload after Windows 10 crash, it  seems to be unstable and shuts down for different reasons so hope it is due to the windows upgrade not my computer"
,Recommended,314160,35166364,Posted: 23 September,all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,Now with more than 200+ overpriced addons. If they were DCS quality I could reccomend some of this dlc but most of the dlc planes are pretty basic. Simviation and Avsim have most of the best freeware addon aircraft.
,Recommended,314160,13435243,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Simon Wriglesworth,"Never thought I would say this but I enjoy doing the missions in this game. As much as I do suck at flying in this game I still love trying to do barrel rolls in a huge boeing! I wish the menu's were smoother and easier to navigate but I think its well worth the 80% off I got it for.Microsoft flight simulator x had its initial release in 2006, for a game made in 2006 its an amazing simulator! Back when this game was on steam before it got taken off it was the best flight simulator. Now you can probably get better flight simulators in 2014 but its really up to personal opinion.Pros-Very good tutorial missions.Great controlsGood with Joy stick/ game padHuge world (Could have better buildings and trees)Cons-FPS drops randomly and never hits over 60. (Graphics card: GTX 780)Some buildings arent rendered so you can just go straight through them and even land inside them.You can get better simulators now in 2014"
,Recommended,314160,21874905,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Trust Me I'm a Pilot,"If you are searching for a good Flight Simulator this is the one! Containing thousands of aircrafts (of course with mods) and different ways to play! If you wanna play serious as I do, apply for IVAO, if you just want to have fun I suggest you to go for the normal multiplayer or singleplayer ;)Fantastic missionsGood graphicsGood physicsSecret conquestsPMDG IS LIFE."
,Recommended,314160,13453185,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dr. Jonesbro,"I'm a lover of simulators, and a long time customer of Microsoft's Flight Simulator series, all the way back from 98 to FSX. FSX was a great game back in 2006, but this new release makes a great oldie even better.Yes, they couldn't really update the graphics engine, and yes the framework is still 8 years old, but it works and works well. Steam integration makes it seamless to launch. Bugs have been fixed and the game is a MUCH better experience.And biggest of all, ALL MY FAVORITE FREEWARE MODS STILL WORK. Yes, the file structure is EXACTLY the same as FSX used to be. Everything still works. Mods from 2007 dropped in seamlessly.So don't be worried. If you loved this game before, you'll still love it here. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198033042349,Not Recommended,314160,14540975,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,◤Wazowskey◥,please repair many bugs on this games !!!
76561198030389875,Recommended,314160,25846909,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JohnnyQ,simply the only civil simulator that is worth the money
76561198053842021,Recommended,314160,25446518,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Bob Buff,As real as you can get! Hours of flying fun ........ :)
,Recommended,314160,33873875,Posted: 28 July,all,LegendaryFoe,"Even after 11 years since it's release, its features never ceases to amaze me.  Sure, the graphics are a bit outdated, but it is extremely friendly towards people buying a flight simulator for the first time.  Obviously, if you are more experienced, X-Plane and P3D would be a better purchase.  But this is a perfect buy for people not experienced  flight simulators."
,Recommended,314160,25453331,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ddswh1pk0s,Polishes some of the game breaking issues that were in the boxed edition and runs in steam. Multiplayer now works again. Great fun for a casual simmer but if you're serious about being a pilot I recommend P3D.
76561198067616312,Recommended,314160,33829630,Posted: 27 July,all,Newton,"Great game, awesome simulator. BUT graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥without dlc"
,Recommended,314160,23282659,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,sotafaz,a great sim with 3d party add ons
76561198149949205,Recommended,314160,24955360,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jake Tapper,great
76561198039512397,Not Recommended,314160,30245686,Posted: 28 February,all,Hawkeye Pierce,"No, just no. As of 02/26/17 There is $3050 worth of DLC. This game was orginally made by Microsoft. That is no longer the case, it is now a cash cow for Dovetail Games. Go buy XPLANE..."
,Not Recommended,314160,13991272,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Elrond,"Cannot get to work properly. This game is awesome but Steam version crash a lot, you must figure out what is going on when the game crash, because none of the steam nor Dovetail will help you. FS games are great, i'm a very big fan since 98 edition, but will no recommend a game that cannot even let you play because of bugs."
,Recommended,314160,13555906,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Datwoop,"Damn I miss this game, the fact I can play online again is awesome! :)"
76561198030916329,Recommended,314160,31308499,Posted: 22 April,all,crespo,long life FSX
76561197989715755,Recommended,314160,22576708,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Brandon,"So I'm an avid FSX user since its launch in 2006. I've clocked over 1000 hours in the game, half on Vatsim/Multiplayer, other half offline. The game was tremendously helpful in my pursuit of my private pilot's license. I've been wanting a modernized flight simulator that runs on a modern OS since Windows 8 came out. I've heard of Prepar3d but I do not like its EULA policy even though I'm an undergraduate student and I'm qualified for its academic license. The interface and software for Lockheed's variant is tailored for flight training institutions and for professional environments and it's not very user friendly for the home user. I thought about converting to X-Plane but couldn't commit because I already have so many add-ons for FSX. Fast forward to 2014 and Windows 10, FSX was released on Steam (which by the way I couldn't believe, but very happy) from Dovetail and after downloading and installing the game, it was compatible 100% with Windows 10, no tweaking needed. Not only that but Dovetail made several improvements to the game even after Microsoft released Service Pack 2/Acceleration for FSX in 2007, a big one being adding their own multiplayer since GameSpy servers were shut down, major optimization for framerate issues and so on. PMDG and 90% of my addons work well with the Steam Edition and the other 10% have updates that make it compatible as well. Overall it’s a good competition to other Flight Simulators already out there and I can’t wait until Dovetail announces their new plans for 2016."
,Recommended,314160,20615309,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jahanzaib,"Best Game Ever! I have been plating this game from long time ago (the boxed version) switched to SE and its really fun playing, there are lots of missions if you are interested in. Default planes are made for begginers to get them started or you can get in big boy stuff like get planes from PMDG or aerosoft and many more, lots of great develepor for great sceneries. Great sim if you love flying however it can cost a lot of money to make your sim really realistic and you definately need a powerful pc to run addon planes and sceneries, Intel and Nvidia recommended!"
,Recommended,314160,19025898,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"Review/How I made the game a good experinceFlight Simulator X, for the price is a truly amazing simulator. When you account for its true age (10/2006) it makes it even more astonishing. While only being on steam for a short while most of the modding community have embraced it although I will go into detail with this later.The unmodified experience is great, until you start getting into it more. For my first 100-120 hours I was playing with just the base game planes and free online mods and it was plenty of fun. But once you decide to really get into it, say hello to montly subscriptions, goodbye to $500+ in addons and much more!Here is my summary though.Air Traffic Control:The Air Traffic Control in hine sight is terrible but I never knew at the time not with only being new to the community, now I am a member of Vatsim and a paying customer of PilotEdge to get online ATC which greatly improves your experience.Planes:After that is sorted you get into the issue of planes. If you are happy with the stock planes, I urge you to continue using them because once you decide to expand on your library and get premium planes you struggle to go back to the limited ones. When purchasing planes also dont go crazy on your first purchase, and buy adverage planes. My first payware plane was the Just Flight Boeing 737-200Adv. and it is alright but as I continued to advance I discovered the wonderful world of PMDG. They are from my understanding the best addon company for planes on the market. I started off with their flagship, the 777-200LR/F package, a truly fantastic plane and then advanced to purchase the BAe 41 Jetstream which is where I run into my first truly major con of Steam Edtion. I learnt the hard way that not every mod is compatable with Steam Edition, and I can not urge you enough to ensure that any mod you purchase clearly states that it is supported because spending $50 on a unsupported mod does not make you happy (There are work arounds but it is not perfect). I am now wanting to add few more planes to my fleet then will be happy with that department.Scenary:I am yet to purchase scenary mods because I personally like to fly all over the world so purchasing scenary is just not going to work for me yet. But the option is there and the built in stuff is terrible but changing it costs a lot. If you fly in one area and VFR a lot then I couldnt recommend anything better.Gameplay Mods:The final polish in my opinion is mods like GSX (Ground Services), FS2Crew (Co-Pilot/Voice control), FSIPanel (Training) and many others that just add so much to the overall experince. GSX was the first thing I added to my collection because it makes all the time you spend on the ground a little bit more fun and the I got FS2Crew with my 777 which makes the games fantastic. FSIPanel is new to my collection and I am still to really play around with it but it will help make me a much better pilot. I also have mods like FSPassengers which add a goal to the game, to run an airline but that didn't appeal to me much. It will make some people enjoy it a lot more though. These either mean a lot to you or just about nothing, but to me these are probably the most important.Conclusion:I get asked a lot how do you have so many hours in that game. I reply I dont know :P At first look it looks boring but once you really get into it and put the time into planning out what you are going to do, roleplay and do it it is really damn fun. It has cost me a lot to get it to where i have it and it was not easy, trail and error like anything I guess.This game is not for everyone but I can not suggest it more to anyone that is really into planes."
,Not Recommended,314160,14037105,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sir_bacharach,"It is what it is, a flight simulator. Tried a helicopter and was less than impressed with the fact you don't have to fire it up like a real helicopter, I haven't flown a real helicopter, but there are startup procedures on a simulator I played where you had to turn on the battery, turn on the gas turbine engine, then ignite, then up the throttle, but there was none of that, the graphics may have been alright for the time, but they're awful now, not sure if I'll ever try this again."
76561198169849618,Recommended,314160,13791037,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nightmare13777,"Had the original FSX, this one is the same but upgraded me to the Gold package.  Online play is great!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,314160,33202430,Posted: 3 July,all,Alosto,"Flight Simulator X used to be the best simulator, but frankly it's 2017 (11 years after its release) and it's just far too clunky and old to stay relevant without:1) hundreds of dollars of addons2) modernizing updates from the developerIt's not horrible by any means, but there are probably better simulators for your money. Watch some comparison videos online and good luck, no matter what you choose!"
76561197990726904,Not Recommended,314160,22422103,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Rampage,Minimally tweaked version of FSX for the sake of money grabbing through DLC. Be weary of the name 'Dovetail Games' - ex-EA veterans looking to pump money out of simulation fans
,Recommended,314160,14345376,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SilentEd,"Well first i have to say: I dont get all that people complaining that the steam edition doesnt work better than the boxed one. I had a lot of games before they came to steam and i never thought about that they should run better here.And if you need the sdk to develop new things (yay its so easy anyone can do this *sarcasm* get the boxed version with sdk for 10 bucks - thats just something completely irrelevant for a normal guy who just wants to play).Personally im happy that this simulation was introduced here. It was at 5$ the time i bought it and i thought ""lets give it a try"". And i love it so far. Just be warned that you have to spend ALOT of additional money to improve it (aircraft,atc,fscaptain,scenery.landclass.. it goes on and on).Only negative thing for me is that this game really isnt made for triplescreen setups which im used to.Borderless windowmode on mainscreen i usually get the wanted 30+ fps with orbx,rex4,softclouds, weather engine and so on. And in the end it isnt that bad to undock panels and move them to other screens / watch your flight in a flightplanner.. whatever...Is it compatible with every addon released ... NODoes that bother me?... hell NOYou can easily check the forums or other sites to see what is working. And most of the important stuff works.Like in every other simulator you sometimes have to find workarounds... edit config files... but if you are into that kind of games you should be used to it.At least for me this game works perfect. no crashes so far. everything is running smooth after finetuning things.Just remember its a simulator. And like in every good simulator i played (like omsi, iracing...) you gotta invest some time and search the internet to get the best out of it."
,Not Recommended,314160,13446817,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kommandant X,"I spent more than 2000 hours flying FSX since 2007 ,While i am happy that I finally have the digital version of FSX, i am quite sad that it's still the same laggy and unoptimized game it was back in 2006, I don't understand people who say it's optimized, perhaps in their brains, DO NOT believe a word of it, the game is exactly the same as the disk version, bad optimization, same old graphics, and multiplayer doesn't even work when being a host, and managed to work only in one server after trying many times to join it, overall, the ""Steam edition"" name is just disk version with a new picture.is it worth 5E? well for the sake of good old days i think it does, but that doesn't mean i am paying that with a smile on my face, and i don't quite recommend it for people who expect great performance jumps from where it used to stand, because there are none."
,Recommended,314160,18810213,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DaringVulpix™,This is why it's probably a good thing I didn't choose to pursue a pilot license.
76561198029248368,Recommended,314160,15146119,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BigMoab,I'm getting frustrated because I'm trying to complete a journey from New York to London and other long distance flights and near the end of my journey the game crashes so I spend hours flying for nothing! Anyone else experiencing this problem?
,Recommended,314160,22116930,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Space Wolf,"Again Dovetail loves to throw a ton of DLC that's really expensive but this gets a pass because most of these planes you can download and mod with a little magic from the internet, I've logged thousands of hours in flight simulators and I had this on the disk before the disk installation was corrupted sadly.alsoDovetail! stop throwing us DLC that's full of bugs that breaks the game and is ridiculously expensive! $25 for a plane is ridiculous. Not as bad as a $40 locomotive in train simulator but its still really steep!"
76561198173427390,Recommended,314160,32597493,Posted: 20 June,all,Supreme Leader,Very good pro pilot skills
,Recommended,314160,15086488,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spookles サイモン,"This game is so good, i have played more then 1000 hours on the boxed version and the game is still great.Not only does FSX support more then 10.000 mods (skins, completely new planes, scenerys, instruments) it has every single airport you can possibly imagine on here, you want to take off from that small grass strip 10km away from your house? sure its possible.The game also has a speed up button if you don't want to fly for a long time it also has fuel so if you're flying in a small plane from Europe to the US you won't make it over the ocean if you don't fill up your fuel tank.Before you land and when you take off its the best to start with talking to the Air Traffic Controll because you don't want to crash into someone else.Overall its a great game but ofcourse there are somethings to consider:The FPS is low, always have been its a heavy CPU gameThere a whole lot of nothing.. you take off you fly for ~1/2hours and you land.The scenery is not that beautyfull although the planes look fantastic.It crashes sometimes when Alt Tabbing.And as final, a Joystick is recommended it does support Mouse Yoke which aint that bad.Overall it's a great game for someone who wants to taste the life of a pilot!"
76561198086936067,Recommended,314160,13865292,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DispensableNinj (zviri ku fiya),This is a great game and im happy that they made it so the servers are back up and running and wanted to get this version even though i still have the box version
,Recommended,314160,15100645,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Michael2015,i have been doing flight simulator for a Long time   As much as i like the cd version The steam  Copy is by far way more stable and i am  enjoying how  smooth it is running even  with stock scenery it works better   If you  have the CD version i would say Upgrade to the steam version
,Recommended,314160,15099143,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[Messerchmitt] Meerkat,"All i ever wanted was this working on Steam. I wish, the development of MS FLIGHT never ended and that those 2 gems of software could be connected and use the engine and graphics of MS FLIGHT sometimes in the future.If you want to fly planes, this is your game :-)"
,Recommended,314160,24529028,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Woofel,"Tried to recreate the Miracle on the Hudson, ended up accidently recreating flight 3407.Turns out I suck at landing."
,Recommended,314160,25518251,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ddoser,Awesome simulator when paired with add-ons such as ORBX and PMDG aircraft.
76561198042772704,Recommended,314160,28176271,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kpandza,"Great game especially for those who want to be a pilot but cannot, not as many active dials in the basic game, and add on prices are expensive, but great game"
,Recommended,314160,27095207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hallowenman,"For beginners like me, I would recommend starting with this sim. It migh be old and getting outdated, but with a few add-ons you can make it look great actually. There are even som free add-ons that can improve the sim. Really got me into the flight sim world!"
,Recommended,314160,32612003,Posted: 21 June,all,Mightylink,"I played this a lot before the Steam edition as well. It was one of the best flight sims for its time, only rivaled by X-Plane. Sadly it hasn't gotten much updates since then and this was the last good flight sim ever created by Microsoft.It has a good variety of scenery, the whole world to explore. What makes this game stand out is that it includes every airport in the world (when it came out) and all the airport codes, gps data and ils frequencies needed to land at every airport just like the real world, it also has a fully voiced atc.What this game lacks however is controls, the cockpits are more simplified, it doesn't give you all the buttons you need to start an aircraft properly, instead you just hit the ignition switch and your started. But you can download new aircraft's to give you the full realistic cockpits such as PMDG.Where this game does shine though is the multiplayer which is still active today, with dozens of active servers, some of them with up to 50 players online at once, usually because of Virtual Airlines which uses mods to give the most realistic experience in learning how to be a pilot working for a ""clan"" of players to earn money and build a fleet of planes.I got this for $10 on a steam sale which is very well worth it, but if your looking for the absolute best in flight sims you should look for the newest X-Plane 11 which just came out this year."
76561198072525161,Recommended,314160,23711559,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CCT | Chimera | EEM,"Got a few hours under my wings now so i feel i can give a good view on this sim,On a whole this sim will give any consumer base sim a run for its money and has been the staple flight sim for years and hopefully years to comePros :- The base sim has all you need to take to the skies and learn to fly a good selection of aircraft something for all tastes be it a single prop cessna to four engine 747 airliner, loads of DLC content to purchase though steam from aircraft to airports.Cons:- The sim looks a bit dated (Remember its a 10 year old software and this can be fixed with 3rd party software and texture packs), DLC's can be a bit expensive but sales are always going on on steam so these are a good chance to pick up a good deal."
,Recommended,314160,15142257,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,AgentJeffy,"Overall: 8/10Ok, I've loved the Microsoft Flight Simulator franchise since the early 90's. I've played tons of flight simulators and none of them come close to FSX. The real time weather is fantasticly accurate and when played on the highest realism settings the aircraft behaves as one would in said weather. The pockets of turbulence above a rise, the shift in heading from a headwind. It's very, very accurate. I find flying on here is probably one of the most relaxing things my PC has to offer me. GET A JOYSTICK.Pros: 8/101. The landscape is decent. It looks dated. But that's because it is. The size relationships between the aircraft and the buildings is a bit off but it works.2. Very realistic both in aircraft interior/exterior apperance and in flight dynamics.3. Missions are fun (I tend to re-run them for better metrics like time when I'm bored).4. The handbook and lessons are helpful.5. When used properly the ATC radio communications are very realistic.Cons: 7/10 (points subtracted for cons)1.  Not a lot of choices for aircraft. Would like to see more jets/jumbojets/helicopters etc.2. Multiplayer VOIP is broken. Period. It doesn't work right. Maybe ONCE in a blue moon you'll come across a server with a working VOIP system, but that it superbly rare.3. The airports are... disappointing. Microsoft claims they're accurate representations of the airports. But they're not. They're really not. They're close enough that you can ignore it, but don't make a claim about being ""accurate representations"" of something if it's really not. And no it's not because it's been a lot of time since the game was released. RDU International Airport never looked that way.Replay Value: 10/10I've been playing this particular game for 10 years now. Enough said."
,Recommended,314160,25506912,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Irresponsible Coder,"This is possibly the best simulation game that has been developed ever! If you wanted to be a pilot but couldn't be for whatever the reason, this is the closest experience for you!! Must buy game if you have a genuine passion for flying"
,Recommended,314160,26483801,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Modularis,"Great flight simulator, with almost unlimited possiblities. Runs well even on intergrated graphics."
,Recommended,314160,29008972,Posted: 4 January,all,Dino,"The learning curve is steep. You have to love civil aviation to enjoy this. Flight simulation is a unique experience and this game is the benchmark of the business.I use this game to fly online on VATSIM with thousands of other people. Some handle the Air Traffic Control while others just fly. It's a fantastic experience, yet difficult and mentally demanding. Flight simulation is not for the casual gamer."
,Recommended,314160,33994020,Posted: 3 August,all,AviationFan203,Great game for steam and I hope add-ons become cheaper in the future.
76561198064874939,Recommended,314160,24631785,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Koray,The game itself is satisfactory for the beginners into virtual flight; on the other hand when you start using the expansion packs and other downloadebles from the net that are compatible with this version; it's a whole new world and you're gonna enjot it :)
,Recommended,314160,22313373,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,It's called ground effect,Bought it when it first came out boxed. Glad to have it on steam!
,Recommended,314160,24922993,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Darkmatter,After getting a small loan of £5 i was able to get this game in the steam sale IGN 11/10 gg
,Recommended,314160,26692823,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,-I-LKS-I-,"Really great, flew about 1,500 hours in total FSX. I wish they would make an update/upgrade to a fluent running simulation, I don't need superduper graphics before that. I know it is really complex to do so, but humans eventually made flying maschines once too and now we can travel between two places on opposite sides of the earth within hours."
10294211135692766,Recommended,314160,26069950,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Evomatic the Wolf,This is better than regular FSX. Its like old FSX but better
,Recommended,314160,35145734,Posted: 22 September,all,Isaiah53six,"FSX was a revolutionary simulator when it came out in 2006.  Today in 2017, it still is fun to play but needs a graphical overhaul to make it great especially to keep up with X-plane 11 and other modern games.  With addons whether free or payware, FSX steam edition can be made to look like a whole new flight simulator game.  Of course, it still has setbacks in the realism department and internal coding constraints like being stuck in 32-bit rather than 64-bit architecture remain.   A plus is, it runs on older computers which makes for a great nostalgic return down memory lane or if you're new to flight sims, makes for a great first low cost sim.  Get it on sale and bundled with Rex clouds (or other favorite dlc), and you're off to a pretty good start to flying to your favorite city nearby!"
,Recommended,314160,30476115,Posted: 12 March,all,REALLY SEXY MAN,I can fly a plane
,Recommended,314160,21834471,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:7.5/10Recommendation(s):Buy a joystick.Major Theme:Well put together, but does need some modernizing.Bought at Price:$24.92 (Steam Sale - Premium Edition)Way back when, I used to play Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000 with actual CDs. A lot has changed since then. I’ve passed quite a few grades in school, I have a much more powerful system to play games on (I mean schoolwork… yes), and Steam is an integral part of my day to day activities.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=623900512What hasn’t really changed is Microsoft Flight Simulator. A lot of the elements, such as being a reasonably build product, hasn’t changed. MS Flight Simulator X is probably one of the last in a long line of flight simulators.Being on Sale for 75% off I thought I might as well pay for the Premium version, it was less than if I was to just pay for the base game without any discount. Some of the DLC content is really just gimmicks, such as Rex Texture 4, which just changes runway textures at a cost of $27.99.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=623827082Going back to having a powerful system, I thought that a GTX 980Ti would be more than capable of maxing out settings while still providing a very high frame rate. I was kind of wrong in that department, as the game still uses the old DirectX 9. MS Flight Simulator X still has a lot of shaders and what not in DirectX 9, and even states “2.0 Ghz or higher (single core)” as a minimum requirement. Performance isn’t as great as I had hoped. Sure there is a DirectX 10 “preview” option (whatever that means) in the graphics settings, but that doesn’t really help out. A lot of DirectX 10 cards were in customer’s PCs before MS Flight Simulator X was put on the market, it’s just a shame that we will never see an update to address this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=623765534Besides performance, graphics, and overpriced DLC, the core mechanics are great. I was surprised how easy the game was to play with just a keyboard and mouse – I did find myself using the keyboard instead of the mouse most of the time to fly however. It has certainly been a while since I’ve played a proper flight simulator, but I was piloting jet aircraft in a short period of time. If you were to actually play the game seriously, I would recommend buying a joystick at some point."
76561198040645228,Recommended,314160,21056437,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,rockinrobbie2,"I have been a simmer for twenty years. the issues with FS9 and FSX are simple.  Microsoft stopped further development of the base platforms, which failed to keep up  with the progress of the computers on which they run. The most recent problem for me has been compatability issues around windows 10. I have re installed a clean windows seven and started again. I have downloaded FSX Steam and bought the FSX Steam CD's ( I have always preferred to keep the disks, there's something comforting about not having to rely on the  downloads).  I am writing simply to say that Dovetail / Steam has done a terrific job with the Flight Sim base programme which gives me better frame rates and an ability to re - install all that I have wanted to from my extensive library of add ons. I have learned that it can be a real challenge with some of the installs and finding your way into the FSX files has been a bit clumsy (so that I can install directly into the file instead of trying to run an install, which older add -ons can't navigate). But I honestly have recovered everything I want from my older add - ons. Very pleased, thank you. I am x- Brize Norton with a passion for the VC10. I will try and get some images out there for any other Brize geeks. Happy Simming Rob C."
76561198096739540,Recommended,314160,20982580,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[HHA] [Tandem] ElectroBolt,Great game! Lots of Missons and Planes to fly!
,Recommended,314160,15113854,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chon9,"I spend 3 hour, finally my plane engine turn on."
,Recommended,314160,13953574,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ChicagoPilot,"I owned FSX for about 7 years now, and I'm proud to say that this update is worth paying for. If you own the regular FSX, you know that it runs slow even with a modern computer. Thanks to this edition, now we can again fly on Multiplayer and have virtually no lag. I highly recomend to buy this game. Think of this more of an Addon for FSX except it's on Steam!"
76561198059890687,Recommended,314160,14730644,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Toasted Loki,"This game was truely ahead of its time. Ive owned it since 2007 i believe, and what started as a 10 - 30 fps game on medium settings, is now a game that finally works at max settings and 60fps. People thought it was a cpu heavy game and that's why thier GPUs could not run it. WRONG, every new card has increased the fps. And now with the new team they have really dialed in the clouds and water so they look better and don't hit your fps as hard. An amazing flight sim for those who want to learn but don't have the time for more technical sims like x-plane. if you enjoy flight, this is worth every penny. The missions in-game are great as well."
,Recommended,314160,28750880,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,5J025,"I recommend this game for those who plans to be a pilot for the future!Some people that this game really keeps u motivate ur self as an AVgeek, Its kinda expensive if u really want to make ur FSXSE realistic...."
,Recommended,314160,32942414,Posted: 28 June,all,CobaltChris,One of the most accurate flight sims that offer a multiplayer experance and a lage world.
,Recommended,314160,25642678,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Kaspersky,"Very fun, good flight simulator to play alone or with friends."
76561198310950654,Recommended,314160,24629050,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AlphaFoxtrot93,"I have simmed with FSX boxed for a long time now, and I just recently made the switch to SE, and I must say, I really enjoy having multiplayer back without worrying about LAN servers. SE allows you to hop into a lobby of your choice, or even create your own session for simming with friends.Likes:MASSIVE MOD COMMUNITY! YOU WILL LOVE FINDING NEW AIRCRAFT TO DOWNLOAD AND FLY!1000s of FREE AIRCRAFT AVAILABLE!Slightly optimized for new gen PCs & hardwareGreat multiplayer aspect revived via steam servers (versus obsolete Gamespy)Works with a ton of my joysticks, yokes, and even custom mapped switch panelsFun with friends: FSX is great alone, but if your looking into SE, you probably want to fly with other pilots around the world! This is the main reason I picked up SE and I am very happy.Cons:Some public servers are pretty chaotic & uncontrolled. If you want a true flight experience, you must VATSIM or host your own server and invite your friends. The public servers are still fun!OVERALL:If you are reading this, and you enjoy aviation, avionics, ATC, airports, or if you want to be a pilot some day, this is a MUST HAVE! FSX is to pilot enthusiasts as Nascar is to racing fans! :)TIP: DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE!! FSX GOES ON SALE PRETTY OFTEN; SCOOP IT DURING A SALE FOR >$10!!!"
,Recommended,314160,25315685,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MaxTheFlyer,It's awesome!!!!
,Recommended,314160,26669925,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,NET</737-800\>CAT,GAME IS AWESOME I LIKE THIS GAME 5 BY 5
76561198167600760,Recommended,314160,13454846,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ATC_ROO,"This version is just like the Boxed Version of FSX when it first came out in it's Gamespy days.The Steam version is not compatible (Multiplayerwise) with the FSX Boxed version which has been around for years which is a shame, as this would take flightsim Multiplayer back to the glory days.Because of this you will find lots of Noob players and may find it hard to find the simmers that take it a little more serious, but not too serious it is a game after all. ;)FSX in general is perfect for both the Professional Pilot and Air Traffic Controller if used correctly, whilst also being a game for those just starting out with an aviation interest.Aircraft can be setup to be easy to fly or configured to fly realisticly including startup procedures.Don't flick the switches in order and your plane won't start or Overspeed and you will stress your aircraft.There are lots of FSX groups about.Some can be very strict sticking to real life rules, Some groups can be a lot of fun with little to no rules and there are groups that combine the two providing a fun session whilst trying to stick the the real world rules.FSX is a must if your interested in aviation in anyway."
76561198034747709,Recommended,314160,14890311,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,kruger,"Since moving over to FSX-SE,It's just amazing how stable the sim is.DTG is doing an amazing job keeping the FSX-SE Steam community updated with information and Beta.For new simmers this would be a great sim to have,It has from beginners to experts.I highly recommend MicrosoftFlight Simulator X: Steam Edition."
76561198135850493,Recommended,314160,17036318,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,danielcave87,"ok so 100 hrs.this game  caters for both types of gamers.....the die hards that wanna do checklists, maths and conduct procedures.and those who wanna jump in somthing and try fly under bridges and land in feilds.i've done both, and both are really good fun.online comunity is great. weather you just wanna cruise, or join a vurtual airline.yup..... its dated though. but not ugly by anyones standards.10/10 from me.though im not a pilot...... so what it is as a sim........... hell if i know, or really care!!!!"
,Recommended,314160,17190205,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,RuskiBear,Well.I always wanted to land a 747 on an aircraft carrier.10/10
76561198093705419,Recommended,314160,32949662,Posted: 28 June,all,NightAdder,"nice gfx, realxes me flying around admiring the scenery"
,Recommended,314160,14496329,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,mrcl,"Choosed 747. Take off from New York, forgot to close the landing gear till 2 hours of flight. Landing at Ottawa, forgot to open the landing gear, crashed to the airport.11/10Would forgot again"
,Recommended,314160,29298896,Posted: 16 January,all,Keith James,I would of never been able to become a British Airways pilot flying the 777 family without FSX.
,Recommended,314160,13566481,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kiddyland,*first time playing* started to take off from syney airport couldent get off the ground hit a couple of buildings *may of killed some people* finally got in the air after going up a hill finally found another airport tryed to land went threw the control tower hit the ground *did a sickass barrel roll* then *front flipped it* then landed on my wheels 10/10 will play again
76561197973884476,Not Recommended,314160,14044101,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Maldovar,"Does not work- contacted the publisher (they recommended  downgrading DX11 to DX9??), applied all the standard fixes, verified cache, reinstalled, nothing."
76561198101289467,Not Recommended,314160,13824604,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dolan 69,Requires internet connection to play the game. Not woth buying if i have to be connected just to play a single player mission. you are better off torrenting this game.
76561198041933323,Not Recommended,314160,13616251,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/hatty051,"BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.I've been flight simming since the FS98 days and FSX is still the unoptomized pig that it was on initial release. Not to say that this isn't a good sim, but the hassle and frustration of going through individual files, tweaking values, and finding the one set of settings that works for your PC isn't worth the effort. And to give you an idea, I'm running an i7 3770k at 4.5ghz paird with a brand new GTX 970 and still get sub 30s with the graphics set to medium high. Get airbourn its not so bad, but the engine still chugs when you're close to the ground (usually on final appraoch, THE MOST IMPORTANT PHASE OF FLIGHT when you need smoothness the most).The FSX community is fantastic, and there are those who are more than willing to help you find those desired settings to get the game running as smoothly as possible. However, if you just want a sim that is easy to pick up and use, go back to FS9 or go to X-Plane 10. There's a reason why the Microsoft team fired everyone that made this game."
,Not Recommended,314160,13925506,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TRUONG,"This game is very unstable. I have a non-steam edition works fine with my machine (dual FHD monitor, Windows 7) but steam version offten crashs when I'm in game and adjust the view."
76561198056071050,Recommended,314160,13779484,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,afederowicz,"This is a great price for the fully expanded version of this game and Simulation. Although the more critical among you know that the flight charicteristics are dumbed down, if you go towww.flightsim.com, and look up add ons one can find programs that make the flight physics fully realistic, and the same for weather, atc, etc... plus over 30,000 free aircraft and scenery add ons, and it all adds up to a terrific sim, but if your still critical, then steam does have X-PLANE 10, but it's a bit more $$$..."
,Not Recommended,314160,13867543,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Anna,Only can play 5 minutes before game is not responding and closing.
,Recommended,314160,24625304,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Timmy,"Really fun game, wouldn't call it a serious sim unless you are playing singleplayer, there are just too many people that mess around on multiplayer.Otherwise as I said before It is a really fun game."
,Recommended,314160,30204161,Posted: 26 February,all,5haie,"If you are buying this game be aware you won't be pleased with the base game you will need to download new aircraft free or paid. Also, you can pay for better graphics which I recommend but this costs a lot! overall nice game."
,Recommended,314160,20588903,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Deathflow,the hardest flight simulator. if u can take off u can enjoy :D
,Recommended,314160,15064251,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,[MERC] Leeca,"This is a great flightsim, especially for the price! You can explore the world and learn much about aviation, so it's worth every penny"
,Recommended,314160,15086226,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gondolf,"This simulator appears to be very optimized. There's quite the choice of aircraft available and I've heard that this simulator has more out of the box than X-Plane 10.I would highly recommend using a joystick for this. My keyboard presses were delayed heavily making my plane go up and down like a wave. Thankfully, I found that you could use the mouse as a controller as well, which works great.I've seen that there were fan-made add ons that make this simulator have photorealistic graphics. As for how accurate the real flying is for the game, I'm not a pilot and this is my first simulator. But I'm sure that there are a lot of other reviews from actual pilots.EDIT: THEY HAVE MULTIPLAYER WITH VOICE???? WHAT???!!! Seriously. Get this game...i mean simulator."
,Recommended,314160,15077545,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Dr.StrangeSpock,The game runs with high FPS now. All setting maxed and Downsampled from 2880x1800 ...AMAZING recode job. Great to be able to buy content ....GREAT JOB MS FSX TEAM!
,Recommended,314160,15117367,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jerry CA,I have used the new FSX Steam version for some time now.  I cannot say how much of an improvement this version is over the CD version.  The program loads much faster as well as better frame rates.  Very pleased.
76561198130856649,Recommended,314160,15969672,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,JIMGREEK,"FSX is still one of the best simulators and now it's on steam! The steam edition had some problems but after the last update it's a lot better,"
76561198091582200,Recommended,314160,24841970,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[SA]☣browniebinsquash,This game is great i have been flying with friends and flying long flights and with all the proper ecuipment it feels so realistic and the is the best flying game i ever played
,Recommended,314160,15088067,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jarday,"Ive owned the disc version of this FSX since it came out, and boy did I enjoy it!But, the time came where I had to upgrade from Windows Vista to Windows 8.I installed the disc version, but it was so unstable and unpredictable. Then, I heard about the Steam version of FSX, and I thought, hmm! That would be a good idea! So, I bought it as quickly as I could, and began playing as quickly as I could.But, I was really disappointed.The disc version may have been a RAM hog, but this version (in my personal experience) doesn't use enough. I am constantly losing textures, and sounds do not load directly on startup. My rig is more than powerful enough to handle this on highest settings, but I have had to downgrade from Ultra High to Medium for my textures to stay loaded in.Installing addons was a massive hassle for me. No matter what I tried, I could not get any addons to work. I checked the 'SimObjects' folder, made sure everything was there. But still nothing. Eventually, I gave up on adding in additional aircraft.Now, for multiplayer. Oh, multiplayer! What an experience several years ago when I was using the disc verson! But that has suddenly changed. I love being a traffic controller. but there's a bug for me that seems to want to keep me from being an ATC. No matter what I try, I cant become an ATC in a multiplayer session. My game just wont launch the game window. If I try pilot, it launches.Thats all I really have to say. If you want a much more stable version of FSX for Win7, Win8 or Win8.1. then this is for you. These three points above are the ONLY things bothering me, and I hope they get fixed in the future.Recommened for sure.This game was played on a computer with these specs:- Intel i5-4210U 2.7Ghz- 8GB DDR3 RAM- Intel HD Graphics 4400 2GB- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 830M 2GB- Windows 8.1 64bit"
76561198112335919,Recommended,314160,15115675,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,I had bought the DVD of this years n years ago. But at 4.99. I had to buy the steam version for easy install. Hoping it's better supported now with easy updates and DLC.   I'm finally able to run MAXED out graphics at 1920.  I'm on iMac with bootcamp.
,Recommended,314160,15119074,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HoboManiac,Amazing game...
,Recommended,314160,15248030,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Thartz32,This simulator is realistic
,Recommended,314160,15085233,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,localhost,"Wanted to fly across New York, ended up seeing Yankee Stadium and then nosedived right into it. Tenouttaten would kill thousands again"
76561198088692250,Recommended,314160,28677117,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KaasKop,"I used to play the boxed version of FSX, but it was kinda crappy.Then I saw this version on steam and I though, wel maybe it is better then the version I have.And holy cows, now I have steady FPS (AMD X4 955 3.2GHz, freaking old 8 GB ddr2 RAM, GTx 750ti 2Gb) <------------ even on this not so good build. 0_oI'm this enjoying this FSX: SE so much, the graphics aren't that better then the old version, but with FSX REX 4 it looks awesome."
,Recommended,314160,13858233,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Roslar,"Steam just saved FSX for me!I purchased FSX Gold Edition several years ago, and enjoyed playing singleplayer and multiplayer for many months. I especially enjoyed the multiplayer servers, being able to communicate with other players as pilots and ATCs. The multiplayer ran on the GameSpy service, which was taken offline some time ago, taking much of the fun away. I also installed several dozen extra planes from the internet in an effort to increase the variety and replayability of my disc copy. This, however, corrupted the files saved on my computer, and I was unable to reinstall the game from the disc after uninstalling it in an attempt to solve the problem. FSX was no more.THEN.........Steam releases Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam edition, and I immediately snatch it up on sale for 80% off -- $5From what I can tell, the Steam edition includes all of the content included in the disc Gold Edition, all bundled together and sold on Steam.And the best part is, Steam revived the multiplayer, and it now runs off of Steam, instead of GameSpy . Multiplayer is easy to connect to, has integrated steam friends support, and is very stable and quick. The game is almost perfect.My one non-positive comment about the game would be the fact that it CURRENTLY lacks Steam Workshop support. FSX is a great candidate for addons, as there are relatively few planes included in the official game. There are planes available on the internet for download, but it would be very helpful to have an integrated source on Steam for well-made downloadable aircraft.Overall I would give this game 9/10. If you like airplanes and/or sims, but this game. If this game is on sale, buy it even if you don't!"
,Recommended,314160,21063857,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,gary-hogan,This is more addictive than Meth!
,Recommended,314160,30627533,Posted: 19 March,all,Lester,Non-vatsim multiplayer is the most professional thing I have ever seen.
76561198139139442,Recommended,314160,25912435,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zjd2003,probablly the my best purchase ever on steam
,Recommended,314160,28965519,Posted: 2 January,all,Skan,"At a little over 10 years old, this release (Steam) of Flight Simulator was one that I did not have. There is nothing I can say that has not already been said. I can say that I am glad I have this. I do recommend this to anyone who would like to pilot a real aircraft without all the responsibility attatched to being a real pilot. If nothing else the money this saves You in hangar fees for that plane that You probably do not need makes this a must for anyone interested in flight.https://youtu.be/OQLC67fLOsw"
76561198160204901,Recommended,314160,23681507,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MeowFat,I like planes. and wurleygigs.Day1I spawned. had someone saying things about flying. couldnt turn engine on.Day2I'm in a helicopter. I tried looking around and almost wound up in timmys hosue. What are wheels?Day3I hooked a joystick up.
76561198184132415,Recommended,314160,17221050,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,aussiesky,There were lots of improvements. Worth to give a go for aviation fans.
76561198125387629,Recommended,314160,15102866,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,somersia,"First of all, don't believe the number on my profile, I've got nearly 10,000 hours to date(having played this long before Steam started putting it out). The frame-rate is much better on the Steam version, and the ability to use the internet to play multiplayer makes the game much better as a teaching tool(especially since Gamespy dropped FSX in 2009 or so, I think).Pros: The game is one of the most fun simulators out there.You can use keyboard and mouse to fly, as well as any generic joystick and throttle.With the Steam version, and the right microphone gear, it is very easy to talk with other players over the radio.Cons: The aircraft that come with the game are by default kind of clunky(This can be fixed with updates).Also, there are only about 15 or 20 aircraft types you start with. The small number of choices can be augmented by a number of freeware and payware aircraft available over the internet. I would personally recommend Virtavia, RAZBAM and Ant's Airplanes."
,Recommended,314160,31637011,Posted: 8 May,all,DanielNelson,"Very fun game, great to just fly for fun or for realistic flights. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,314160,31668350,Posted: 10 May,all,ArcaneMaestro™,It brings my passion for aviation to life. That's all I can say. Great simulator!
76561198052504756,Recommended,314160,31610337,Posted: 7 May,all,Dimit123456789,"After 11 years still my favourite flight simPositive:Many landmarks all over the worldLots of planesVery good ATCGood In-Game mapGood weather editorIngame flight planning optionsMissions and Training sessionsGreat cloud graphics4 seasonsActive multiplayerGood AI trafficYou recognize places like Los Angeles, which is not the case in x-planeMost of the time flying in FSX environment feels nicer and more comfortable, while xplane-11 cities dont look like the real cities and dont look good but they look realistic, more accurate and detailed instead.Lots of available third party addonsNegative:bad performance on average PCs, you cant max out the graphics without FPS lossgenerally old graphics engine is very old, unsharp, the auto-gen, the terrain rendering on long distance etcThe PFD has a low refresh rate, which is especially annoying when you do instrumental flightsSome planes seem to be taken over from FS2002 and look bad inside, for example the default 747 cockpit is very badNo FMC on default planesDevelopers release a lot of DLCs, but no significant updates for the game such as adding new Runways to the airports which have been extended after FSX has been released (Frankfurt, Atlanta etc) or improving the PDF framerateGenerally the game is definitely worth buying  and with the low price compared to other flightsims, you have enough money left to buy professional aircraft addons"
,Recommended,314160,13448742,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,IwaynI,"well this game the X version always was better than the others + now a steam version is awesome.No achievements for steam but no big deal all your awards are in your career flight logbook.Yes its a 2006 game and the GFX texture not 2014 but bang for buck well worth the buy.I owned this game pre steam and had many hours of fun ""nothing has changed its still a great flight sim taking you round the world in the seat with many what i call fiddle buttons and i love playing with them haha.remmember i did say i played this for many hours pre steam i will play this many hours in steam :XD10/10 ........i also play euro truck 2 sim and i still give X flight sim 10/10 why ! because it does what it says on the tin.multiplayer option available but thousands of flight hours in missions and ofcourse free flight. ENJOY i do :)"
,Recommended,314160,16683485,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,James Sideras,"Yes, I think Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition is a great game!It still could do with some updates such as make it more realistic like X Plane and P3DOverall I think it is a very good game!!!"
76561198269687095,Recommended,314160,26236570,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,boombaby2002,this is a very good game but it is nothing without aerosoft airbus and stuff like that.
76561198170778586,Recommended,314160,20511069,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[AGC] CyTex,"Great simulator if you can dish out your wallet, if you dont want to pay for excellent quality and a great community then you can always considerd new sims like x-plane or p3d, but FSX has the potential to be everything you want it to be!Long live the king of flightsim"
76561198126055088,Recommended,314160,24236343,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,>S.D.H<(Fox),This game is a must have! I only have 304 hours on steam but I have more on the boxxed edition of this amazing game! The steam version is much more stable than the box and most of my add-ons for the game are ok with Steam Edition! I give FSX:SE 12/10 Stars
,Recommended,314160,28670350,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lukasss,"If you wanna start off with something in the world of aviation, this is a great choice. It has old game problems like resolution problems and th landscape graphics aren't anything, but if you don't mind these two problems, it is the greatest game ever. My fav game on Steam so far, 10/10."
76561198018199406,Recommended,314160,15980829,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Katamariguy,"I learned that if I were ever allowed access to a commercial airliner, I would probably kill a lot of people.An excellent public safety tool."
,Not Recommended,314160,19837268,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Talon,Windows 8 x64 and can't even get past the splash screen. Hours of online troubleshooting yielded no solution. Waste of money.
,Recommended,314160,22330884,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,naters305,It's awesome.
76561198132238279,Recommended,314160,18538167,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,T4B,Closes to the real thing.
,Recommended,314160,24114422,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pedro,"This game is problematic in the beginning, you have to be the administrator of the computer, then go to settings and make an excuse for windows defender not to scan each time you turn it on (if you don't do that, fsx will take a while to launch!) I recommend you to buy the premium edition, graphics are really good with a 4K texture pack , after you set everything up, put some mods and play it, excellent gameplay, graphics (using premium pack), and physics."
76561198188469670,Recommended,314160,21755019,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,WWA3463,"Really like this game, I discovered it through the boxed edition a while back, then switched to FSX-SE a few months ago on my new rig. No problem so far, integration into the Steam platform and community around is really great. I use external addons (like ORBX suite, REX4) and DLC addons, both work well. Eventually, having the game and its extensions in a cloud storage is a great advantage, and easier to use for the end user.Concerning FSX, the fact that a 10 years old game remains on the spot and still creates so much interest is enough to say. The real strength pertains to its open platform. A complete ecosystem and market place for all sort of extensions and enhancements has raised through the years, so end users can fully personalize their simulator with all sorts of airplanes, sceneries, missions …Probably what gives this game such a never ending interest, as you create and evolve into your own flying experience and strategy, the exact way you intend.Really captivatingBlue skies to all!"
76561198129752757,Recommended,314160,34083263,Posted: 7 August,all,BRBean,Great game for those who are A. Patient and B. Don't care about great graphics. Nuff said
76561198168746392,Recommended,314160,20588237,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kenb,better than xplane 10!
,Recommended,314160,25442497,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[ICE-VTC] Captain.Croka [Driver],"While at the 500 hour mark, I would like to give a full review. I've played FS98, FSX Gold, and FSX Steam Edition those versions were great back then. Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition is better slightly fixed bugs which gives it its best performance but I think Dovetail should be working on those patches instead of releasing new add-ons. I would like them to make a 64bit fsx as right now I have no money I'm cheap/poor. Ok here's the truth fsx by default looks like garbage/ or 2006 the reason I bought was simple I love aviation, but if you buy add-ons and stuff trust me your fsx will look great but the fps is pretty bad for me anyways. Even though this game is 2006 still is a great game!"
76561198401851314,Recommended,314160,33342868,Posted: 7 July,all,AirlinePilot1738,"Great game regardless of piloting skill level, would recommend getting a joystick rather than sticking to using a keyboard. Even though it's an old game, I still hihgly recommend it."
76561198264247087,Recommended,314160,31027188,Posted: 8 April,all,anderson.luz2012,Wonderful way to keep the brain sharp!! Praise God from Whom all blessings flow! Do the Tithing! God will bless!
,Recommended,314160,35363347,Posted: 30 September,all,Andrew,Man this can get confusing but so far I love it and with that I recommend this to anyone who likes Aviation.
76561198418278633,Recommended,314160,34985200,Posted: 15 September,all,Brother-Nash50,"Its a great game, good for beginners like me who is interested in Aviation"
,Recommended,314160,24219170,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bawls of Steel,"A must for any VR weilding cyber pilot... With the addon that provides VR support (FlyInside), this is the best civil sim out at this time."
,Recommended,314160,18579076,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,OverlordDarius,"its good i've always wanted to get FSX for while and i took my chance when it was $5 no regrets also mods make this game 2x as better and a lot prettier too also F@#% the Payware mods on Steam $5, $8, $10, for a single plane it would be better if everything was .99 to $5"
76561198139046077,Recommended,314160,21230445,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ghostlyhobbit,"I think this is a must buy for aviation enthusisasts. It is realisitic and gives aspiring pilots a good insight into avionics and flying an airplane. There is a wide range of planes to chose from and it is good fun. It is quite hard though, you dont have to be an expert to fly and you can pick it up fairly quickly but flying on this is certainly a step up from games like GTA. Reccomended."
,Recommended,314160,18325249,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ofek mal0826 c172 and lj45,"FSX is addapted to steam better than some other sims like xplane and dcs,and fsx has just the right amount of planes;multiplayer is very fun at times ya."
,Recommended,314160,34335585,Posted: 18 August,all,BaseNut777,Great game!
,Recommended,314160,29562371,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,Always enjoyed playing this on my older PC!
,Recommended,314160,32887671,Posted: 27 June,all,[WsG] N00bSlayer1980,Great game with alot of fun addons
,Recommended,314160,33486897,Posted: 12 July,all,ZachTheNebula,"Pros: Good built in training, lots of addons free and pay, easy to get intoCons: the camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you get use to it, graphics are dated, but can be enhanced with addons, multiplayer can be cancerous. I'd reccomend you join Eastern Hops  good community.Overall: It's a good flight sim that will teach you how to fly."
,Not Recommended,314160,15080576,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Super Staggie,"Bought and installed the game a couple of days ago. Launched it, splash screen popped up, followed shortly by a ""fatal error occurred"" message and FSX crashing. The game is totally broken. I spent hours trying to get it to work. Uninstalled, re-installed. All drivers are up to date. Googled and discovered FSX crashing all the time is very common. I sent an e-mail to the developers but have had no response. I am angry and frustrated.Would have been better off taking the money I spent on this game and setting it on fire; at least I would've got to watch something burn."
76561198091854519,Not Recommended,314160,15315498,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Buzz181,"only good short flights less than an hour always crashes.  I have an good computer but this game always crashes  after 2 hours of use, even reformated the computer to see if there was some issue with the OS, still same issue."
,Not Recommended,314160,15371623,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ZZ Cat [CFH] [FC&N],"The only reason why I'm down-voting this version of FS10 is the fact that I can't play it offline. Everytime I try to, it comes up with a message saying ""Unable to connect to Steam."" <-- That's because I am not connected to an active internet source.Fix this & I may give a better review.8/10 = Waste of money."
76561197993091827,Recommended,314160,27768030,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zeeboogie90,Money well spent with this game!!
76561198035786197,Recommended,314160,30816934,Posted: 29 March,all,The_Rifleman33 (MET),"this game, oohhh this game, i loved it so much and still play it. not only is it fun for a while with the stock planes, but there are thousands of both free and payware craft you can get. just know that this game takes a while to learn, there are alot of people who quit because its ""to hard"" or something like that. so after you learn how to do things, it is a great game. and will stay like that if you get craft after a while."
,Recommended,314160,17386028,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Adam,"Fantastic simulator. A lot of the bugs and crashes are gone. VERY customisable. Highly addictive. Recommend to everyone from beginner to enthuasiast as it has great missions, ATC and multiplayer. Also there are lots of great virtual airlines too which you can fly for."
,Recommended,314160,18177746,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Rapier NCC1701E,"Exellent! The best flight sim out there! Control surfaces are 3D and fully functional, large variety of aircraft and helicopters, and extremly detailed scenery. There is a very large add-on community around the web,  both payware and freeware. For freeware I would recommendwww.simviation.comandwww.flightsim.com.  Both have very extensive libraries of free scenery, planes and other things for a variety of sims, as well as access to the flightsim store. IRIS Simulations, Virtavia, MilViz, and Aerosoft are some of the top payware aircraft manufacturers, some of the planes fully liscenced by their real life makers. 10/10 for this simulator."
,Recommended,314160,30995774,Posted: 7 April,all,Anarchy,"FSX should be considered as application, not games. If you want to learn aviation, get this program. If you just want to just fly straight away, don't bother with it."
,Not Recommended,314160,15328731,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Lexus GS430,"Used both FSX (Not on Steam) and X-Plane, and I find FSX to just be a dumbed-down version of X-Plane. I know they're platform-specific, but X-Plane really is the better flight sim."
76561198117888464,Recommended,314160,22256094,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,[NOR]Sgt midweek,awesome game !!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314160,13546974,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jordanduc,"So far so good, most payware working just fine.. Good stuff Dovetail!*Edit* Some issues with orbx sceneries e.g. FTX Australia requiring you to manually add each and every folder to your scenery library. Tacpack is incompatible with this version as of current."
,Recommended,314160,13446107,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,neddread,"You will hear this a lot, but I'm gonna say it anyway.This is the 3rd time I have bought this product and in ten years time if it is available to buy I will buy it again.It is the be all and end all of flight simulation, there is nothing to compare it to, it is peerless.There are of course other flight sims e.g X-plane that may have a better physics and flight engine, but as a whole gaming experience I still think FSX flies the highest. A deeper experience.And this is the first time I have been able to play it on ultra graphics settings.I loaded up, took off from Heathrow EGLL in a Lear Jet, flew low over London, turned right at the Post Office Tower and over Tower Bridge and landed at London City Airport. Watched a replay from London City Tower then wrote this review.Forget all other flight sims.As real as it gets. 12/10http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/05/15/best-simulation-games/"
76561198027571782,Not Recommended,314160,14040153,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,stryderrangeralpha,I was Able to play FSX Steam for the first two days. But now it wont even load! An i dont like that you have to pay for the Expansion! If you can even call it that. FSX Steam is terrible. And full of bugs!
76561198151344695,Not Recommended,314160,15136985,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DiamondXD,Personal Review:For those who have no patience to learn just like me.This game are not recommended.
76561198203984808,Not Recommended,314160,14974026,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,jmfinn,This game now crashes each time I play it. This didn't happen last week. Up until this week the game was fine.
,Not Recommended,314160,22042882,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,xShARkx,The game keeps crashing like hell! I can't even change the graphics setting without it crashing on me! I'll refund this one.
76561198167460536,Recommended,314160,13754472,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mikeytwc,"overall, the flight sim works well with the new compiled version. However there are still some issues, simconnect libraries and scripts that are missing, online flight is smooth with little to no lag(2up 20 down connection)some 3rd party software is unable to install, some of the software is being updated by the 3rd party devs...DT should have worked with 3rd party devs to get it ready for initial release...(IMHO)overall happy with it, but there are areas that still await fixes/improvementslike AIcarriers(new version out ported by orion from fsdreamteam-using net 4.0),simconnect,scripts,bgl compiler,c++ libs(not sure if that is doable, but at least give a link so we can d/l them"
,Recommended,314160,16459081,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheVortex22,"I have played the boxed Microsoft Flight simulator X for years and now finally its been revived! I am very glad that they revived this great sim! Steam edition is much more stable and doesnt eat up your computer, there is many mods for this simulator, some free, some you have to pay for but usually if you have to pay for a mod, you know its good quality! Very simple to install mods too, the only problem that I have found with it, is that certain mods are not compatible with it yet. Other than that I really enjoy it!9/10"
76561198284573091,Recommended,314160,31306371,Posted: 22 April,all,Thomson787,i really do recomend this to all plane geeks out there
76561198098386360,Not Recommended,314160,14454066,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ic3yFresh,"Im going to be honest. This was the worst 30$ i have ever spent in my life. Terrible game. the free microsoft flight a few years ago was a better game than this. The graphics are horrid, The controls are not clear but there are nice planes. I would not reccoment this game to my worst enemy. Microsoft can do a whole lot better than this, and if i could i would want a refund."
76561198059469764,Not Recommended,314160,14457657,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CaptainSlow,"Crashes all the time...ALL THE TIME.To note, I used to play this game all the time prior to Windows 7, and loved it. This version sucks horribly, though. It crashes every time you press escape to end a mission. Every single time."
,Not Recommended,314160,14418098,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Maverick7378,"I was excited to try FSX Steam Edition, unfortunately over half of my add-ons (imported from FSX on an older PC) don't work. Very frustrating. Same happens with a couple of friends who also play FSX-SE."
76561198154610383,Not Recommended,314160,14895752,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,FURTHER BEYOND,I do not recommend this game They barely changed anything from the normal version graphics are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planes are very limited most of the map is flat and not textured atleast the multiplayer is better then the oringinal (Ps i got rkt)
76561198015897236,Not Recommended,314160,14443208,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Maverick,"not very good, it has all kinds of issues that the original disk copy did not."
,Recommended,314160,13524161,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Welcome to the glass house,Cant believe this game was made in cryengine 5.
,Not Recommended,314160,14402910,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Brulzie,"Well... I love this sim but the MS version was just not being updated so things got a little slow. So I bought fsx se, the addons no longer work and one of them keeps asking for sp1 sp1 acceleration pack. Did dovetail leave something out? I, like many others have bought multiple addons, are we to assume that they no longer work? It would also help if someone from Steam or Dovetail monitored these boards and chirp in now and again ;)As it stands, for standalone function, great but incredibly boring. So it's a NO  from me...... seems a bit rushed and no one took into account the hundreds of addons that simmers have.... shame :("
,Not Recommended,314160,14033613,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Crunch O'Malley,I have really missed playing this game over the years so I jumped on it when it was on sale.  Now I have found that apparently it was wasted money.  The game will only run in a small window.  It will not run full screen no matter what I try.  I have the latest video drivers and all system patches.  The game added another 12M patch today and I was hopeful that may have fixed it.  Guess not.  So far it is all but unplayable.  I am keeping my fingers crossed the bugs will get ironed out and I can again enjoy flying.  For now I can't recommend.
76561198067518765,Not Recommended,314160,13888159,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dapinball31,not entertaining at all....   this is for someone who wants to literally stare at their computer screen for 35 minutes and have graphics that par nintendo 64 display a monotonous flight that really has no point to it. Oh and did I mention there are like 75 keys that each have their own Command...  like 20 of them are just to change view alone!  Im still Mad  even though I bought this when it was like 90% off. What a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,314160,14062035,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FlightSimBoy,"Unfortunatley, this has been nothing but a waste of time and money for me. The game, as a fresh download, is unplayable. It took hours of tweaking the cfg file to get the game up to just barely playable. I shouldn't be having this much trouble with this game on a system with an 8 core processor, dual 270x graphics cards and 16 gigs of ram. The physical CD FSX runs just fine on this system. No joke.I guess overall, it's not bad, but it could be expontentially better."
,Recommended,314160,30220494,Posted: 27 February,all,AtoFtw,"Excellent game and/or training tool for beginner and experienced real life pilots and ATC.First of all, lets get the bad out of the way. There aren't going to be many multiplayer servers near you, and if there is, they might be laggy. This game isn't easy to play. It actually required a considerable amount of knowledge. Basic manuvers are to par, but if you try something crazy you might be dissapointed in a lack of authenticity. Also, this game is almost impossible to play well without a joystick or USB yoke. Also the DLC is crazy expensive.I still have to recommend this game. There are plenty of community made aircraft and skins, and professional flight networks such as VATSIM that allow you to fly in a professional, no fooling around environment. Sometimes, the unrealistic aspect of the game makes great fun, and could make you laugh for a long time. Ever see a hot air balloon do a vertical up into space? Well now you can.Anyways 9/10, graphics are nice, if you like flying this product is for you. Try it out!"
,Not Recommended,314160,13779803,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dairy_Cow,"On the surface, Flight Simulator X seems like a bargain. However, I'd compare it to paying someone to kick you square in the nuts. Sure, initially it may seem like an exciting prospect, but once you experience the pain and frustration, it's not worth it. So, why would I say such a thing? First, it's unstable. The game crashes frequently (usually, after flying for 30+ minutes!) and the log book corrupts itself. Second, it's unpredictable. I've been unable to complete some of the missions due to the checkpoints not progressing. Third, it requires an additional hardware purchase. Were you planning on exclusively using a keyboard/mouse? Forget about it! You need a joystick. Using a keyboard/mouse is an ""all or nothing"" approach with no finesse (which you'll desperately need upon approaches and when taxiing). Now, if you already have a joystick and a VR headset, Flight Simulator X is probably an amazing experience, but for a non-pilot casual who just wants to fly some planes, you'll be disappointed (like me). Commence the downvoting of this review, fangirls!"
,Not Recommended,314160,33536125,Posted: 14 July,all,TWC_Pans,"FSX has a huge reputation in the civillian flight sim community and has been very well regarded for a few years now and this is the point at which I'll probably receive the wrath of the dedicated fans: If you're new to FSX, don't be suckered in by the pretty screenshots on the steam store. This is ultimately an old game and these images are only representative of the visual fidelity in a few cherry-picked areas. Outside of these areas (about 99% of the rest of the world), your scenery will be generic, flat, empty and barely recognisable as anything that you might know.If you want visuals that won't make your eyes bleed and might actually represent places with which you're familiar,  be prepared to spend a lot of money on terrain files and imagery to bring things up to anything approaching an acceptable level. In fact, in FSX generally, expect to spend a lot of money on third-party addons if you want to flesh things out. I can't give a personal opinion, but if you're in the market for a new flight simulator I have seen a lot of people enthusing about X-Plane 11.Don't get me wrong, I don't have a massive downer on FSX and I'm not saying there is inherently bad about it.... I just don't believe that this game/simulator is the product that it appears to be on the steam store page. FSX had its day a few years ago now. Shinier, more modern alternatives are definitely availabletl;dr If you're new to flight sims and don't already have FSX, don't bother."
76561198332053255,Not Recommended,314160,33880789,Posted: 29 July,all,CaptReda,"You must buy add-on software to make it look like X-Plane and P3D which can be very expensive. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE AT ALL. It has problems everywhere, crashes every time. It is very bad in my opinion."
,Recommended,314160,22922922,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,"VFA115 311 ""Staples""","I have played this game for over 8 years. I have 1000s of hours into this game. Yes its old. yes it has its issues, BUT Dovetail have put a lot of work into this game to make it playable again. Yes there are issues of devs being slow to patch their products to work with steam and there are workarounds to get most of them working. But to be fare, what do you espect of a 10 year old game that is still very demanding on new systems. DO NOT COMPLAIN if your system specs can BARELY let you even run WIN10.System Specs:i5 2500k StockP67 Sabertooth16GB ramR9 290x2 ssds and 2 1tb Hddsi run addons. i get around 60fps in certain areas."
76561198219848687,Not Recommended,314160,26493202,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Wildbill1876,Don't bother to buy this simulator if your running windows 10. The application does not play well with the new Direct X 12 that comes standard with Windows 10. I spent hour working with the program trying to get it to stop crashing and was unsuccessful. Also stem refused to refund my money for an application that does not work on the latest version of windows. You would think they would do some quality control before they put this stuff out for sale. I'm done with stem they will never get another dime from me. Do yourself a favor and look for another flight simulator if your on Windows 10.
,Recommended,314160,17817699,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Akiraigo5[UA],Great game I remember when I played another part in 2004
,Recommended,314160,13437986,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AstroCrispy,"It's a great version of FSX. The game is now optimized to the point where if you have a decent rig you will be able to max out the settings and still maintain a butter smooth 60fps, rather than 20fps even on medium.Its $4.99 during the epic holiday sale, go buy it.EDIT:The game still doesn't run amazingly well. It dips into the 40s and 30s when you have the scenery really high up, but still an improvement nonetheless. Just a heads up."
,Not Recommended,314160,23707283,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Acecool,"I do recommend this game, but I don't... I have the cd version which comes with a lot of the dlc such as 80 flights around the world, and more... but for some reason these are now pay despite owning every version ( delux when possible with pre-orders ) of Flight Simulator since the beginning...How do I obtain these DLC for free on Steam so I get what I paid for...Note: There are a few issues; for example when taking off the wheels are clearly off the ground but then it says crashed and stops the simulation ( despite not overstressing, etc.. it thinks I crashed with the ground despite being several meters above it with the bottom of the wheels )..."
76561198121093634,Not Recommended,314160,28777513,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gicobra115,How do they get away with this DLC prices AND still get a mostly positive game reviews! Then a game like Rise of Flight which is free and has 3 starter planes and plane DLCs but gets negative reviews its total bull.
,Recommended,314160,17574287,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,NJT Railfan,"So realistic and fun too, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,314160,23815455,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,god,"100% crash rate with terrain.dll, developers have not fixed this nearing 2-year-old issue. Unable to get a refund now. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,314160,16687697,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"It's broken!The old MS Flight Sim 10 was working perfectly on Triple Screen nVidia 3D setup.This new Steam edition version doesn't work at all, the graphics settings while it's configured properly, the pilot / cabin, sight everything is out of place even in 2D.Gave up trying to figure out the proper settings to get 3+1 screen running properly with this version."
76561198126832322,Not Recommended,314160,32259070,Posted: 7 June,all,Milky,"There are much better flying simulators out there on steam. The DLC can be a bit rediculous at times ($3,584.79 in total). Gameplay is OK but i would not advise my friends to this game."
,Recommended,314160,13443081,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,tictac?!,you can fly the plane if you want
76561198089587811,Recommended,314160,14576352,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Emileos Pizza,>went in multyplayer>joined server>spawned>forgot to read controls and key bindings>goes to fly anyway by using controls in cockpit>no voice chat enabled on server>takes off>crashes head on into plane10/10 would crash again
76561198172411957,Recommended,314160,25791637,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,james.nankervis,"FSX:SE is a fantastic game and I really enjoy playing it :D The planes (mostly) handle well, scenery is Ok and sound... well I reccomend getting your own addon sound packs, the default ones are not very good. Recently though I have found that sometimes my plane will randomly start losing airspeed and the autopilot will pitch the plane's nose up 30 degrees or more leading to a stall unless the A/P is disengaged and the plane is manually flown which is very annoying especailly on a long flight! I also have GSX as an addon and have again recently found that many of the vehicles will appear hovering 50ft or so above my plane which has never happened before. I reinstalled GSX a few times and updated the addon manager even more times but still no fix :( All these problems have just started happening recently so I am not too sure what is going on. Oh well, I am getting pretty busy with my busines anyway so not a lot of time to play it but FSX:SE is still a great game and without the problems I definitely reccomend it!"
,Recommended,314160,15659969,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,WayneG,"WOW! I was honestly expecting alot of OOM'S (Out Of Memory Errors) with the steam version as in the same as the old box version, NOT THE CASE! There really is a difference in performance here in the steam version. With just a few tweaks i was able to fly into and out Flytampa Toronto for the first time, in the old version, i would get OOMS and crash to desktop before even landing. There is really a big difference in the steam version no matter what anybody says, I am very pleased with my purchase and strongly look forward to doing long hauls. Excellent Job Dovtail!"
,Recommended,314160,15241563,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Skylane182,"This is a more stable version of FSX Boxed, Not much different, But it has a HUGE negative, And it's not available for offline,I am supost to be leaving for 5 to 7 months and there wont be any internet around so i won't be able to play FSX, This was supost to be available for offline play when it was launched but i guess not, Hopefully the new update wont make me reinstall my whole simulator again,Pro's:Little more stable,Nice refresh of a classic,(more to be added soon)Cons:NO OFFLINE!Still have to tweek the fsx.cfg file for best performance,not all addon's work such as REX and ASN (As of 4/6/2015)over all, Buy it, Hopefully 64 Bit will be out sometime this year or next year, :)"
,Recommended,314160,13517168,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,smol tiddies,This Steam edition runs so much smoother than the old disk version that its playable now and i dont crash after choosing a new plane. Its the most fun i've had with a flight sim now that i can play with friends and other people. One thing that could be improved upon is joining friends sessions and hosting matches in my opinion but its not really that big of a deal. I highly recomend this game if you like flight sims and you have friends that will play it with you online.10/10-ign
,Recommended,314160,13750688,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AfraidKnot,Played this game so much on my boxed copy back in the day and now it's on steam and it's so much more stable and runs so much better!
,Recommended,314160,13898698,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tom Kaye,"Got bored of flying, crashed into the ocean. 9/11 - IGN"
76561198017513716,Recommended,314160,15063484,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Shortdavie,"Ouch, worth 20 so even better at sale price, missed out again"
76561198058159407,Recommended,314160,15085467,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,WindexInTheEyes,"Really fun game, the missions can become a bit tedious but the free flights are great. There is a huge user library of scenery mods online which changes the game completely, for the better. Would reccomend."
,Recommended,314160,15116475,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jeff,Doesn't compare with the mechanics of DCS World but it allows you to fly larger aircraft and has a decent air traffic control system.
,Recommended,314160,14677694,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,3DavidC,"This is an excellent game!! Really realistic and you can fly anywhere!! Really recommend the game! You can fly with keyboard/mouse but it is advisable to get a joystick. :D. I would like a specific DLC to come out: Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition: Biggest Commercial Airliner in the World - Airbus 380-800!Overall, I recommend the game and buying a joystick to make the experience better and, make take-off, flying and especially landing a lot easier. I give the game a 9/10! Would make it even better if a DLC was launched, like I said, ""Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition: Biggest Commercial Airliner in the World - Airbus 380-800!"" :DGood luck flying round the globe!"
,Recommended,314160,15113763,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,𝚂𝙴𝙼𝙿,"Used to play FS9 and FSX on disc ages ago, and was glad to pick this up for peanuts during a sale. Worked absolutely flawlessly for me from the start, took some work to find the right balance between display quality and performance but I got it to run at an acceptable quality on a computer which really isn't designed for gaming.Really recommend playing through the lessons if you want to fly seriously. The missions, on the other hand, bring you into the game in a less serious and more fun way - you don't need to be an expert pilot to enjoy FSX!You can also improve it with a wealth of freeware (and payware) add ons which can really enhance your experience. Yes the DLCs are expensive, but you do not NEED them to have a very good game. In terms of freeware, I recommend Plan-G  as a great little piece of software to plan and carry out VFR flights.I play it using an Xbox One controller - it works, and it allows you to fly to a decent standard. Joystick is probably better, but you can certainly have fun with a console controller if that is all you have access to. Keyboard on the other hand is a bit difficult in my opinion.I would really recommend this game if you have already played it before or if you are new to flight simulation. Stick with it through the learning curve and you'll really unlock hundreds of hours of potential fun, either offline or online with friends or through services like VATSIM."
,Recommended,314160,15098120,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dekkers,"FSX is one of the best sims out there atm as far as add on's go. I reccomend that you pick orbx ftx global as it adds actual night lighting. You can torrent virtually everything as well if you are in to that. Unfortunately, the SDK has been removed ever so carefully which grinds my gears. They could have just left it in no problem, but that's just my opinion. It runs great, and virtually every add on is compatible 10/10"
,Recommended,314160,15100343,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,OVERFOX35,FSX captures what it feels like to fly! The thrill of lifting off the tarmac and heading to a new part of the world is amazing. The scenery and AI traffic make for a super immersive simulation. Hooking up to Vatsim and adding on various mods and addons makes it even more exciting. Come check out my streams onTwitch.tv/overfox35and join me as I take to the skies in FSX!
,Recommended,314160,15115638,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SweBen,I have owned FS 2002 FS 2004 and FSX Boxed version. I conistanty got bad framerates and game crashes. Then I see this game on steam and I got it. So far with what ive played with this game is amazIng Its more stable and i get more framerate on ultra setting.The only downside Ive had with this game is how on mulitplayer the microphone keeps on hacking when you are talking to other people.
,Recommended,314160,15081630,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,cas.haber,Srill as buggy as the box version from MS..  I hope Dove starts to updat critical bugsbought/installed the game 20 mins ago and has crashed 3x
,Recommended,314160,15092289,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wispa Dori,"Best remake of FSX, no more DLL hacks or any mod to allow it to run on newer OS versions"
76561198071778442,Recommended,314160,15117559,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,bradlarsen1981@gmail.com,it dont work with vatsim or virtual airlines and the Icon A5 would be the perfect trainer aircraft which is not available
76561197993053000,Recommended,314160,14741672,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Andy Spandy,"The game looks promising:- complete Microsoft Flight Simulator X, even if few years old, still in some areas not surpassed by anything newer- easy to install thanks to Steam- includes Acceleration PackThere is however a catch:- the game is unstable, with AI traffic enabled the game crashes randomly, depending on AI density setting you can expect the crash to happen within 5-60 minutesWhat is promissing is that the current beta patch seems to fix those crashes for me. My current recommendation is: if you want to fly in a Free Flight mode, disable AI traffic or install the beta patch."
76561198186841470,Recommended,314160,15090306,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,michalrylski,Worth every single penny!!!!!!!!!! muych better than xplane
76561198178510439,Recommended,314160,15099404,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,browny_x,"I absolutely love this game! I was abit of a tight git before purchasing it, waiting for it to go on sale... and it did!! £3.99 is an absolute bargain, if you ask me. I struggled with the controls at first but then I plugged my Xbox 360 Controller in and it was much easier to fly/control the aicraft. I might even go out and buy a joystick for it, it's that good! I've played a few flight sims and this one has to be the best, no other can compare. I fully recommend it, grab it now while it's on sale!"
76561197982842816,Recommended,314160,15051778,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,maxpower2k,"Wow. very happy with FSX Steam. I can do flights that last over an hour or so without crashing like the old FSX. I've had every MSFS since Win95, and this is the best since it actually works well."
76561197971119485,Recommended,314160,15057074,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BGKilla,"Great it is noticeably better than the dvd version.  Too bad they can't update this to 64 bit and the ability to use more RAM and CPU cores.  Still good and stll a classic, adding the multiplayer via steam is way awesome because Gamespy dropped support a while ago.  Its good to see somebody is keeping a good product alive!"
76561198188221093,Recommended,314160,15083484,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,gklasson,after getting fatal crash errors was able to find a fix on youtube.would suggestt that Steam might make it much easier if they included guide for settings that will prevent crashes.  simple fix is available but we shouldn't have to search the internet for solutions.product now works
,Recommended,314160,15100280,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Quinno,Best fun i've had in a long time21/10
76561198126919668,Recommended,314160,15113769,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,maxrouter22,I love this game. i owned the box version and i got constant crashes and bad bad bad frame rates. Somehow the developers of this game has made it so much better. no ccrashing. no bad frame rates. not bad! the only thing i would sugguest is that you need to go to settings in the game and bump out the graphics and how things look. search on youtube to get the best performnce  from it. i would also highly  sugguest buying some payware addons. this game is great but for a better and immersive expirience you need maybe one or two addonss. for example the PMDG. great aircraft and better looking than teh default!!!! and maybe orbx scenery. having all this comes down to pc specs. if you have a 1ghz laptop/desktop it wont be any good. if you have a bad garphics card then it wont be as bad but i just gives that little extra.Great game! highly reccomend!
,Recommended,314160,28916982,Posted: 1 January,all,✪ Kazoo Kid,"If you like simulator's and you're interested in aircraft, this is the game for you."
76561198054266946,Recommended,314160,15084405,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chardee McDennis,I like it. It's fun. Crashing your helicopter seconds away from completing an hour long mission sucks.
,Recommended,314160,16428715,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pixxo,I can't fly planes. 10/10
76561198095205323,Recommended,314160,13656394,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pacificstorm91,Get it its fun. Great way to spend a life in a basement
76561198190136029,Recommended,314160,15234278,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dolfie,The closest you wil get to flying a real plane. Brilliant.
,Recommended,314160,16533766,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,StackableGold,"This is Worth Buying, With some tweeks you can make FSX awesome!! i have as of this post played 84.4 hrs of fsx its fun. Simulations are realistic for the most part. But what is sad is that it gives you aircraft and half of the switches don't work It would be nice if they made them to work also they need to make it 64 bit because hardly anyone is on 32bit yes 64 bit operating systems can run 32 bit but thats not the point. Over all this is realistic and is worth buying, i hope one day they make the FMC on the default aircraft work with alot of other stuff."
76561198120908750,Recommended,314160,16758454,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,LankyNumber7,"I love this game! i have 100 hours at the minute but their is a few problems. If you are getting this game to join a session with professional atc then your out of luck! You wont get that, the game is filled with trolls that bough the game in the sale that join a session, play crap down the mic, crash into you and have no intention of playing the game properly. If you want a completely proffesional game you will need to set up vatsim but first you need to know the ins and outs of the plane. FSX is like the tariner sim, atc arent that importatnt right now and you can just go on free flight if you want no trolls and have atc. However in multiplayer you can share your aircraft and if youy have a friend witht he game sharing the aircraft with them is awesome. In my opinion i would buy this game in a sale, when it is around £5 and if you really enjoy it and want a more professional sim, when you are ready download vatsim/vpilot buy a payware plane and maybe some scenery packs. Yes to really make the game amazing youy have to pay but in the end it is worth it."
,Recommended,314160,16114711,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Clear,best game<3
,Recommended,314160,16609032,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,hotLbling,"Awesome simulator, good, enjoy, if you a newbie you should take a minute to visiting youtube.8.5/10"
76561198083435358,Recommended,314160,16403384,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zcraig14,Awsome game I really enjoy the carrier missions with the F-18 C
76561198159202293,Recommended,314160,13564074,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Phillip_Fsx_Pilot,"FSX alone has been my favorite sim and now FSX steam makes it even better. They added more plane and helicopters. The offline ATC works great and alot of 3rd party addons work too. The best part is multiplayer, the helpful ATC is there to guide you and even without them its a great and fun sim."
,Recommended,314160,13902865,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SonOfTheBread,"It's everything I wanted and more. I played the original and still have it on disc, so I know what I'm talking about. It is just how it was many years ago. One thing that would be nice is some optimization, cause it is still really bad fps wise. I have it running at full and it barely holds 50 fps. That is with my 16 gigs of ram, 4790k, and 760 superclocked at 1100 mhz. I wish some of the earlier mods still worked with it though."
,Recommended,314160,17431725,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kek,"Great fun, the same as the original FSX, but with the online back, making the game very enjoyable. Although, the 9 year olds with terrible mics still remain, alot of people know what they are doing, making the game quite realistic and fun. Having a flight stick imo makes the game easier and more realistic to play, but it isn't necessary and some people prefer playing without. Don't expect top of the line graphics, this game isn't new, it has just been moved to Steam.Overall, I really enjoy this game and if flying planes is your thing, I'm sure you will enjoy it too."
76561198059344213,Recommended,314160,13637889,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,FlippinFlow,Excellent!  Very stable and works great with modern computers.  Can't wait to see what they do with this now that it's on Steam.
,Recommended,314160,13492414,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,garlic,"Please bring FS 2004 to steam as well, my old disks refuse to install!"
76561198024305181,Recommended,314160,13439672,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Westpilot,"The multiplayer works, and it's oh-so much better than what it was back in the day! This version also runs much more smoothly on my PC than my old version, and seems to be a lot more stable as well. Would highly reccommend it to anyone with an interest in aviation, especially while it's on sale for $5!"
,Recommended,314160,20261525,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheLucas27,I dont know what other people do but i spend about half my time lookng for the seatbelt button.
76561198275907039,Recommended,314160,20465646,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,evouros,Though is very early I can say1.  I like; I enjoy it.2. The only I noticed initially is that the F12 . I Would prefer the outside view instead of print screen.3.  I hope for later compatibility the FlightSimLabs-Concord in FSX-STThank you very muchEfthimios VourosAthens Greece
,Recommended,314160,20010043,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jeztorquay,Flown in the same direction for 2 days and ended up where i started F U flat earthers!.
,Recommended,314160,21384465,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mc_nobby,i really like it! but it difficult to move with keyboard. realistic
,Recommended,314160,21330343,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sieff,10/10 fat guy best guy ever hate german nazi girl pilot best headphones na ♥♥♥♥ THIS I CRASHED MY PLANE THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10
,Recommended,314160,16525497,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hEatDeath,"Still the golden standard of flight sims.Make sure you play with a joystick, even a cheap one. I got this game on sale for $4.99. Totally worth it. The game runs smoothly on my i5 laptop with 620M GT graphic card (lower mid-range). Some people complain about the missing SDK- I do not know much about this, but i hear that you can download and use the P3D 1.4 SDK in place of it.  You can buy DLCs from Dovetail, but you're perfectly free to ignore them and get 3rd party content elsewhere.One thing that is missing that I wish Dovetail would include was support for Steam features like trading cards, cards achievements and Steam Workshop. Right now Dovetail is focussing on making a new sim, (As of June 2015 still In early development according to DTG) which would probably have these  features. Until then, IMO this is still the best sim out there overall (default content, 3rd party content, community, realism, mods, etc). And it is an absolute steal if you can get it on sale for 5$."
76561198257842284,Recommended,314160,21128395,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,📺DarkRail📺,"This game is my favorite,but only one thing is,that you should buy everything you want to upgrade.For exmp.you wanna better textures? 22.90 euros,you wanna boeing 777 -120 euros ,wanna 777-300 120 euros + 60 euros.But anyways ths game is awesome,and this is the best realism!"
,Recommended,314160,21366068,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,hetzicanadian,Best game ever for aviation enthusiasts. 'What the ♥♥♥♥ is this?' for people who don't know what an aileron is.
76561198280691207,Recommended,314160,23617142,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,lambo2208,"Even though the game is old and it is now 2016,I still recomend it"
,Recommended,314160,24144464,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SlothHawk,*Recommended*4.3/5
,Recommended,314160,23710043,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ch4rl130h,Such a brilliant flight simulator. I think the only thing that can make this any better is support for the Steam Workshop.
76561198303401253,Recommended,314160,24219508,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,acomputerf,"Awsome game. I""ve never experienced this much fun in any VFS (virtual Flight Simulatoin)."
,Recommended,314160,21583701,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,3st,"Great Simulator. However, it can get really expensive with premium third party add ons."
,Recommended,314160,21933477,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Buffy Foster,"So far its been working real nice on Windows 10; lots of fun! \o/   I'm using the Orbix FTX Global Base and FTX Global Vector as will as the FS Global and it makes it look real nice.  I dont have a fancy machine and it runs good and looks good and is easy to do VFR flights which is my skill level right now.  The Active Sky and REX also help make it look and ""feel"" more real.   Also I did the DX10 fix which looks and performs good."
76561198055649468,Recommended,314160,21992068,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Borat Sagdijev,"Crashed my airbus into ground, not a good pilot. 10/10 would crash again."
55543412096240554,Recommended,314160,24531943,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,fighterace,Air Force One Declaring an emergency
76561198095184246,Recommended,314160,25334023,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MrUzi77,"Awesome five star game. If you choose to get it you MUST get some DLC's for it! The game itself is the best Flight Sim out there, definetly better than X-Plane 10. The game is immersive and runs flawlessly on Steam. However, the DLCs take this game to a whole new level making it seem like the real thing."
,Recommended,314160,24831692,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Speedy,Its a pretty good game....  I love planes soo....
,Recommended,314160,25655332,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Saiba109,"Such a Good game. A very realistic representation of flight.Pro's:-Cheap-High FPS-Optimised for windows 10 (unlike X-plane)-Has many DLCs, both payware and freeware-Good support in ther community if you have a promblemCon's:-Graphic aren't that great, planes are fine but airports an scenery could be better.-To get the sim looking good you have to have to buy addons that can get very expensive-Some adddons from FSX:Acceleration, X-plane and P3D have yet to be optimisedConclusion:I would reccomend FSX for anyone who plays flight simulators or wants to, it is a good starting point. Apart from a few bugs and pet grievences it is ver PC friendly and runs smoothly. If you have a limited budget to spend on a simulator, about £20. If you are into simulators and are willing to shell out £100 I feel P3D is a better options as it rund better and has more compatability with Addons"
,Recommended,314160,24327242,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DasCanadiaPika,"An upgrade of the 2006 classic, now on Steam, with a vault of add-ons, and a expansive collection of payware and freeware aircraft, enhancements and skins. If you have FSX classic, get this."
,Recommended,314160,20599682,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,joespeed52,"Absolutely an amazing simulation of flight. 11/10 and I would recommend to anyone. Very big community, lots of potential with add-ons (free and paid), and as a person training to become a pilot, I find this as awesome training material to help with introductory and advanced IFR training. Favorite game in library and will be for a long time. HUUUGE amount of planes, 25,000+ airports around the world, so much fun, both with and without friends.I have now grossed over 1,000 Hours, and can say that this has made me a better pilot, both in sim, and in real life."
76561198093371376,Recommended,314160,30962522,Posted: 5 April,all,WhoYouCallin'Pinhead,"Hello, this is a great game! Some of the planes are even equiped for my wheelchair!"
,Recommended,314160,13600943,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ZERO,"Overall rating: 9/10I used to have this game some years ago for PC and it's better than I remember!! Even for an older product, ""Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition"" remains a truly immersive game, for experienced flyers and newbies alike. Before you get the game though, you should know that you need a joystick w/ a throttle for the ""full experience."""
,Recommended,314160,13759359,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lefantome,"Best flight simulator out there, buy it because the competition is still behind."
,Recommended,314160,16468785,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,G4Y8u9,"FSX这么反人类的游戏 玩的时候记得管理好插件 如果电脑里还装了其他版本的FSX或者P3D 尤其管好导航 地图之类的插件 不然会有像ZBAA最后ILS引导到航站楼的尴尬情况。。。Be aware of your Plugin's management, especially FSX:SE and other FS or P3D's versions' maps or NAV plugins, or you may find ILS leads you towards the Terminal instead of Rwy in ZBAA."
76561198086415857,Recommended,314160,13804747,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,LilNetworker,"I used to have the boxed Gold Edition of FSX,basically the same as the Steam edition.I lost my download code and I could never play it again.Then,the Steam Edition came out,at the tim having an 80% DISCOUNT.Let's get onto the cons first:THE ONLY CONS:Still crashes sometimesShould give speed reduction instructions during approaches.Pros:EPIC MISSIONS putting you in real life scenarios;Landing a 747 in a monsoon?Engine failure in a 737 over the Indian Ocean?How about landing a CRJ-700 at St. Maarten?Over 24,000 airports with detailed and realistic gate,building,taxiway and runway locationsDetailed airplanes;Start from a little ultralight and work your way up to the 747-400.Each come with 3D cockpits which can be selected with F9.Multiplayer:GameSpy powered the old FSX Multiplayer,and unfortunately shut down.FSX Multiplayer here runs off Steam.So you can use your Steam ID to log in.Landmarks,roads,rivers and more simulated during the game.Ability to enable G-effects:Blackout when over-G,redout when under-G(Irritating when flying the F/A-18.Yes,there is a fighter jet here.Weapons not included,carrier tutorials are)Flight planner with waypoints,VORs,NDBs and more!Those were only part of this great game!9.9/10.Buy at all costs!"
,Recommended,314160,31070068,Posted: 10 April,all,mattmubarak,FANTASTIC GAME
76561198056537423,Recommended,314160,13871651,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Berd,its very good i have been waiting so long for this game
,Recommended,314160,13849075,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Wulfe,"I've been playing Flight Sims for years. I tried a friend's copy of FSX years ago, and my computer was not up to snuff at the time. During it's time, it was cutting edge.Now, it runs amazingly well on my computer, which is a modest 3Ghz machine with 2 gigs memory running Windows 7. I've had 0 crashes, and am very pleased to see many add-on developers adding support for FSX:SE as well. The developer has made multiplayer work relatively well, as long as you know how to configure your firewall hardware or software. (This is an issue with ALL multiplayer games that don't just use a big central server.)On to the real review:FSX is more of a simulator than a game. It cannot compare to the $200+ simulators out there, of course... but then again, it's around 10 years old. What it does have is BEAUTIFUL graphics, an amazingly huge world, and aircraft that respond in a realistic manner. Do not be heavy handed with the controls, you will meet Charlie Brown's Kite Eating Tree -- Only it's bigger, and eats 737's.You get realistic ATC, wonderful weather, and a huge community of addon developers and players that adore flying and aircraft. You can fly with your friends, not only on missions and whatnot, but also both of you sharing control of one aircraft, to allow the more experienced pilot to train the less experienced.The game includes tutorials on proper flight procedures, Air Traffic Control, single engine, multi engine, and commercial flight. This ""game"" is a wonderful experience for aircraft enthusiasts and comes out of the box with a wide variety of fun aircraft... IT is not a shooter, however. You won't be bombing places, or shooting down your friends... However, you CAN set up fly-in's, races, and many other fun activities!Would recommend to anyone with a joystick, definitely! (Flying with the mouse and keyboard is doable, but not quite as fun, IMO)"
,Recommended,314160,15644586,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SoupMario64,"The game offers an accurate representation of how an aeroplane works, people have been using this software for years to train pilots. A must buy for any PC gamer.  The DLC is not really worth it unless you have some extra money left over or if you're rich..."
,Recommended,314160,15263518,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jake,"The first time i played this, I stalled crash landed straight into the ground got an award for landing...."
,Recommended,314160,13797538,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DHG4Dragon8,"very fun game,"
,Recommended,314160,13442715,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheRareElite,It's alive and seems to be properly optimized which is fantastic :)At $5.59 My wallet and I are very happy with the purchase11/10 would stall again :P
76561198067039357,Recommended,314160,13453063,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kronesian,"It is great to see FSX coming to Steam. Many bugs fixed, and we can multiplayer again using Steam servers. Kudos also to the $5 sale!"
,Recommended,314160,14541432,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,CHESTO,TO 100% THE BEST SIMULATOR EVER!!
76561198006984672,Recommended,314160,15177235,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,wolfydude12,"Thought, hell yeah I'll pay 5$ for this game. Its so cheap!I have now paid over $200 in scenery, planes, and weather add-ons and a $177 joystick. There goes my cheap game..."
76561198230708084,Recommended,314160,16546409,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Choady,Works fine with Windows 8.1 Very happy with the purchase. Has been awhile since FS9 was used and this is a great upgrade.
76561198255517258,Recommended,314160,18871137,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Wolfman70,"Having flown the boxed version of FSX Deluxe for many hours over many years, I was reluctant to go to the Steam version. But I'm glad I did.The multiplayer alone is worth the money, to be able to fly with other serious flight simmers is awesome and adds another dimension to the game."
,Recommended,314160,32781730,Posted: 25 June,all,MaddogGT,"While the game is great, its about time such games incorporate Google Earth into the scenery and forget its own generated scenery as its not accurate at all in most cases, so if they included the detail of Google Earth, with actual terrain mesh heights and 3d landscapes, you would have a absolutely superb flight sim. Until then, dont buy any scenery addons. They all suck. I know, I bought most of them and adds hardly anything worth buying. Ive used FlightSim since day one, have this version on DVD before it was on steam, played it a lot. Some of the addon packages only work for the DVD /or arly versions. Abeit they do have them working now for this steam version, in part. But we need REAL earth these days..."
76561198020607108,Recommended,314160,32716512,Posted: 24 June,all,r8a,"Still one of the finest sims out there, after so many years, impressive..."
76561198064411000,Recommended,314160,31145888,Posted: 14 April,all,RTW,No overbooking 10/10
,Recommended,314160,32486066,Posted: 16 June,all,󠀡D221202 | CSGO-SKINS.COM,"This is the most Realistic, Fantastic and Epic Simulator !"
76561198101447921,Recommended,314160,32522700,Posted: 17 June,all,tennis2sum,this game is great but i couldent move the controls were confuseing i wish you could edit them if you can then i didnt know 3-5.
,Recommended,314160,24355455,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,chr0sser hellcase.com,Amaezing just kiding before lol
,Recommended,314160,32617381,Posted: 21 June,all,Kim Jong Un,I really like this game but its really hard to play FSX with Keyboard...
76561198129957825,Recommended,314160,17799723,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Adelos Gaming,very good game!!
,Recommended,314160,17881870,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TasosB,"Really good game, like the original Flight Simulator X but with a better Multiplayer and support. If you are an aviation enthusiarm, then download this game. If you want the game to be more realistic, you should download addon scenery and aircraft, as the sceneries(airports)(e.g. taxiways, stands etc.) might be a little bit outdated. It is highly recommended also to buy a joystick or a controller, otherwise it is really hard to control the aircraft with mouse/keyboard. Generally, FSX:SE is highly recommended to anyone and expecially to aviation enthusiasm's."
76561198104565051,Recommended,314160,17550436,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Maid of Depression,"I crashed the AirCreation Trike Ultralight about 20 times trying to do the second tutorial, made the Grumman Goose G21A go in a circle on the floor cause i couldnt take off, flew an AgustaWestland EH101 upsidedown into some trees, crashed an Airbus A321 into the ocean after 10 mins of flighing straight  but somehow could fly the North American P-51D perfectly fine.10/10 Hanglider things are harder to fly than planes."
76561198052248261,Recommended,314160,19346436,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HuskysExpert™,i recomend this flight sim for 10+
,Recommended,314160,19403595,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NowThisJews,an amazing simulator really shows the full context of airplanes.
76561198114977143,Recommended,314160,19483714,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Stone,Awesome game.
,Recommended,314160,23077616,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,misterchow05,"I dont really play the steam edition, most of the time i only play with the sp2FSX Steam EditionPros :-Multiplayer availability-Automatic install of addons (most of the time)-Already has acceleration pack in it-Tons of addons/freeware to play with-Already has Uiautomationcore.dll (which doesnt works since the game still crash all the time)-Easy tutorial but doesnt teach you everything-Good ATC ???-you can make this game look real amazing just by freeware you can look it up online or on matt davies vids and or other peopleCons :-Oscilation (just google that) when you use time acceleration-Overpriced DLC/Addons-Most Important it almost always crashes when u try to hit the menu button and or using time acceleration mid flight-Dont expect realism cause this ""simulator"" is a bit more arcadish well you can use vatsim and play with real people and      real atc but of course these players are not payed so dont expect too many online-multiplayer filled with kids screaming ""i ♥♥♥♥ed your mother"" and other swearing...-Easy to pirate by people-Many pirated addonsI think of : 7.5 with some addons maybe 9addons that i used (in the old fsx [sp2] since i dont really use the steam edition)-FSUIPC-EZDok camera-Flight1 TSS sound enviroment X-Fly Tampa corfu-Fly Tampa St.marteen-Aerosoft approaching innsbruck-Aerosoft Lukla X-PMDG 737 NGX-Aerosoft A320 Extended-Majestic Dash 8 Q400 pilot Edition-A2A Feel-A2A PA-28-Many ORBX addons-FspassengerIMPORTANT IF YOU WANT TO REDUCE THE LIKELIHOOD OF THE GAME CRASHING (only work on time acceleration crash not menu clicking crash) Use these :-Download and put the dll, uiautomationcore.dll in the fsx root folder-Download and install the FSUIPC doesnt need to be registered-By pausing when changing time accelerationMY Flightsim store information :oh u really want it :D ????"
,Recommended,314160,23547353,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Hitmanwill,Really fun to waste time on here!
76561198074571299,Recommended,314160,23976727,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CoolCactus™,"Excellent game, very realistic and adds toughness to simulate real life encounters. Highly recommend to use a control for this game as it does require high level of co-ordination, and it also has to be very quick."
76561198187602673,Recommended,314160,27303008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EagleEyedDFORCE,Awesome sim
76561197992461004,Recommended,314160,26126664,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Todd W,Great product for pilots and flight enthusiasts.   It's really mindblowing with an Oculus Rift + FlyInside!
,Recommended,314160,22224382,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nightcore,Decided to take a 20 minute mission.Right outside the airport i crash.Forgot i could crash into trees.11/10 would fly into a tree again.
,Recommended,314160,31122818,Posted: 13 April,all,[FAZE] kl2tch,"Love the game, it is definitely worth the money!!"
76561198273974321,Recommended,314160,26077066,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr.Guuide,Great game. Just bought this because i am upgrading from old fsx to steam edition. The only flaw is I copied and pasted the aircraft i had from old FSX to steam edition and it did not even load half the amount and the planes that did...most of there textures where gone.
76561198088104546,Recommended,314160,16988052,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RoadHog,"An updated review.It's an updated version of the boxed version FSX.Very little has been changed except for the starting menus and the frame rate.  That's been increased.They put multiplayer back in so you can fly with others.With the proper equipment it is an excellent flight simulator.I just bought a new desktop that's made for gaming.I am tickled pink at the performance.  FSX_SE gets a steady 70fps over New York with everything set to max.  So smooth. Flying is fun.If you change video cards after installation it will no longer work.  That's because it does notverify what card your using so it will try and use your old card and crash because of it.The boxed version has the same problem.  If you change video cards, uninstall FSX and do are-install.  It will then use your new video card.  Problem solved.Note: Be sure and delete the FSX.CFG file in the user\appdata\roaming\microsoft\fsx folder oryour re-install will not work.I always keep a backup directory to save all my aircraft, gauges and effects."
,Recommended,314160,24806318,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ProGamer25,Wow. This game is amazing! I have been playing it for a while and it has been really good so far. My only negative thing with this game is the controls because they seem to always be stiff when I am using the keyboard. Maybe it's my fault for not owning a joystick or anything like that :(. Also I wanted to suggest that you should add steam workshop or some sort of content downloading site because this would make the game much better. The game is still really good though!
76561198047497940,Recommended,314160,28939545,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr Dandy,"Really good simulator. Graphics aren't great but you don't play this for graphics, you play it for flight experience and instrument practice. Missions are fun, worth a download."
,Recommended,314160,31340852,Posted: 24 April,all,Vinn-,"you will like this game, i was dreamed being a Pilot, and when you played it, you will feel like a real pilot."
76561198130128942,Recommended,314160,31476595,Posted: 30 April,all,klumpmaster71,"Not a bad sim been playing it for years, but Steam please make some patches because this game crashes and has errors. Other than that its a good game."
,Recommended,314160,31334683,Posted: 24 April,all,Farmer Johnson,"I use to be apart of a group for this game... like roleplay with ranks and stuff.. but i lost that group and trying to find them again. they have a program that logs your flight hours so you can rank up.. more flight hours the more ranks and gifts,, PLEASE HELP.. Lost them and trying to find them..."
76561198372843820,Recommended,314160,30910562,Posted: 2 April,all,Porkfang,blog it!
76561198261817490,Recommended,314160,26339504,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Matheus Bonatto,Its a nice game very relistic the down site is that there are no reel airlines and airport looks
76561198344365852,Recommended,314160,28263824,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,CrossFire61,flight simulator is the best game in the world by far. all of the graffics are all so high
,Recommended,314160,13452072,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BillyR,Hey it's FS X on Steam! My DVD is a bit sketchy now anyway so yeah....it's a buy!
76561197994079239,Recommended,314160,24574137,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[F|H] Fair Player [PL],"Absolutly this game is recomendeed for all aviation enthusiasts. I am using this sim since 2007 and I bought steam version 1,5 year ago. With addons FTX, Global, FTX Vector, FTX Norway, REX 4, Active Sky, Shade FSX looks very good. Default aircrafts of FSX are not so complicated and they are very good for beginiers, for pro players and pilots I recomend A2A planes, and PMDG.If you are beginier DONT WORY!!!!! In Learning section ->lessons TAB you can find interactive lessons where you can learn how to fly and preform air naviration from VFR up to IFR from PPL license to CPL. Only what you need to learn this is time because there is big amount of knowledge to learn, and very strong computer (not less than I5 4690K, 960GTX, and 12GB RAM, here processor is the most important). For me, its the most advanced simulator avaible for public use on PC."
76561198126259281,Recommended,314160,31812229,Posted: 17 May,all,Acoustic Child,The first time i got this i (when i was clueless about aviation) i thought it was one of those press a button and go and it was like that for a while. I stopped playing it for the longest time like 7 or 8 months and then one day i was bored. I saw it in my steam library installed it and played for 5 hours straight. The realism the community the amount of content for an old flight sim game made in 2006. Then optimization could be better and the graphics are garbage but the community can and did fix this. Curently i fly a stock (yes im a scrub) world travel 737 from Heathrow to Charles de Gaulle. A most beautiful flight. I am a mouse and keyboard user but i dont care the game overpowers that annoying feeling of tring to land and forgeting to ow i dont know take of speed hold at 60 degres nose up stalling. However you play it or who ever you are you will enjoy it.
,Recommended,314160,31914221,Posted: 23 May,all,Wolf,"Flight Simulator X (more commonly known as FSX by it’s users) was Microsofts’ latest offering in their long line of Flight Sim software.  Despite it being the latest, FSX is now over ten years old with it’s original European version having been released on October 13 2006. Since it’s inception, FSX has seen two Service Pack updates (known as SP1 and SP2) and an the ‘Acceleration’ Expansion.  In 2014, Microsoft signed a licencsing deal with Dovetail Games who then took over development of the software.Once Dovetail Games received the licence in 2014, they wasted little time in identifying an opportunity to increase the gaming audience of FSX and, later that year, released it Steam as FSX:Steam Edition, incorporating both of the service pack updates and the Accerleration Expansion.As far as gameplay and graphics quality go, it’s a software that’s now ten years old and, to an extent, that should give you an idea of what you’re likely to experience when you load up and take your first flight into the unknown.  There are other, newer, flight simulator products out there that carry much higher quality graphics and therefore offer a better ‘immersion’ into the experience.  But on the flip-side of that statement, FSX:SE does provide a relatively inexpensive way to get into flight simming.Gameplay itself in FSX is, by and large, still as competent now as it was at release.  Stock aircraft that come with the software are plenty varied (everything from passenger airlines and prop craft to gliders and helicopters) and adequate to get going.  If you're new to flight simulators, a large and detailed range of lessons are available to help you understand basic flight dynamics and how to use the systems in the range of offered aircraft.  There’s also a wide range of ‘missions’ that you can undertake, which range from simple take-off, fly for 15 minutes and land missions to racing P-51 Mustangs and performing oil rig transports.Where FSX really noses ahead of the crowd in terms of it’s competitors are the huge range of freeware and payware addons that are available.  There are so many addons, downloads and expansions out there that you will literally need two lifetimes to try absolutely everything.  I’ve heard, more than once, my fellow virtual airline colleagues who use Prepar3D or X-Plane state that they aren’t able to access a particular aircraft model because no one has developed it.  If variety is the spice of life, then FSX is very, very spicy!On a technical note, some areas of FSX have been plagued with issues resulting in software crashes and Out of Memory (OOM) problems and I've heard a number of my simming friends compain of such issues, even with high end rigs.  However, this can sometimes be related to the number and variety of addons that are added to the software, rather than the software itself.Pros:- Relatively inexpensive compared to other flight sims- Insanely wide range of potential addons (free and payware)- Good introductory lessons for those new to flyingCons:- Standard graphics are a little dated (can be improved with addons)- Has been known to crash and have OOM errors more than we'd probably like- Can be system resource intensive"
,Recommended,314160,26752756,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[JBL-CEO] JamieBally,Good game
76561198090305246,Recommended,314160,22297249,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Brutal.Savage.Rekt,"Loving the simulator/game. Makes me want to become a real pilot someday. But one thing, please make an auto center rudder please. That would help a lot. Thank you and have a nice day."
,Recommended,314160,31752825,Posted: 14 May,all,Ether2001,not the best graphics but what can you expect from 2006 still holds up as a very nice flight simulator would recommend.
,Recommended,314160,23670403,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ERW1029,"FSX is a game where you get the basics for a low price. If you want amazing planes, textures, sceneries or clouds you have to buy those from 3rd party. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,314160,23679335,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Joy Of Flying,I love the fact i have THE most realistic Flight Simulator avalible AND DONT ARGUE X-PLANE IS BETTER cuz u havnt seen notin yet
76561198121818871,Recommended,314160,17053976,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pilot Meister,"Hours and hours of fun. The only not-so fun part is flying really long distances, even when it is set to 32x speed. Other than that I would highly recommend this product since anyone wanting to fly can."
,Recommended,314160,32167683,Posted: 3 June,all,peablit,"I am a pilot and this game is always great fun, whether you are just derping aorund or flying real flights. You can fly to many different places. However I would say the DLC is way to expensive and there is a bit of lack in multiplayer, but overall good flight simulator.9/10 would buzz tower again"
76561198142474106,Recommended,314160,27404956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChunderDownUndeR,I need something to review and seeing as i already taken Sp along time ago this is the closest thing.I flew a Qantas 787 and must of grinned for 3 days after. Im sold.
76561197969133378,Recommended,314160,15849402,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Duley,"First of all, this is a simulator, not a game. Don't expect to have guns and missiles in your airplane. And yes, if you think this is a game, after a few minutes you will think this is a boring game. Third, to enjoy more deeply your simulator, you will need add-ons. Fourth, the default airplane and airports are not accurate to real world, as I said, you will need add-ons to get something more real. Fifth, the FSX Steam Edition is a little better than FSX Box Version, since they improved some things that Microsoft left ""unfinished"". Sixth and last, yes, this simulator is still very hard to your system when you have a bunch of add-ons running at the same time. Go easy, it's a 32bit application. Fly safe."
,Recommended,314160,32868151,Posted: 27 June,all,Leelum,For some reason there was a hot air balloon flying at 300knots past ATC - MFS X everybody. 10/10
,Recommended,314160,13465587,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CaptainJezz,"I'm glad that multiplayer is back, but im a it iffy with it because none of the aircraft i bought wwork (regarding installation) even though i id point it to this directory. I really need this to work so i can port over and start using the steam version insted."
,Recommended,314160,18069994,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Jorma Kay,HE DIDN'T FLY SO GOOD
,Recommended,314160,32442688,Posted: 15 June,all,Damian0816,"I am a big plane fan and this game, although now outdated (and is soon to get an spirtial sucsessor), it correctly projects the job of a pilot and has a great multiplayer feuture. The only two things I don't like about it is the lack of emergancy services/the abilty to declare an emergancy (hopefuly availible in the sequeal) and the hight costing dlc, I mean, $30 (more than the game itself!) for ONE plane!? Realy?"
,Recommended,314160,20097191,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GalaxyHD,"I like it, the only part i dont like about it is that it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers. fix now."
76561198142242872,Recommended,314160,31580112,Posted: 6 May,all,lettuse,"Definetly worth the buy. The models that it comes with are great. The instrument panels are awsome, they even got the fasten seatbelts sign, the apu/eng1/eng2 fire supressor, functioning auto pilot, and auto breaking.Sometimes the autopilot malfunctions and sends you straight down, even after you turn it off. I don't know if its a problem with my copy, or with everyones copy.if there isnt a plane that you want to fly that didn't come with fsx, there is dlc online (paid and free) that you can get. I got a virgin atlantic 787-9 freeware and it is beautiful. I did a 8 hr fliight with it from Boston to london heathrow. Everything went fine.overall I say: Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8. on cargo flights I say: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8 on fr8Sorry about grammar ;)"
,Recommended,314160,31664853,Posted: 10 May,all,TainoWarChief,I play tis game daily! one of the best game ever made. Does well against X11 and P3D. With the FSPassengers Payware add-on this has become the best game in my Gamelist. and i have alot. Good on you FSXSE.
,Recommended,314160,31669888,Posted: 10 May,all,T.w² | Puncaek,"Probably one of the only vehicle-simulation based games which actaully land the physics and fun of a game, however I find it pathetic that even it being ported to steam, it has to rely on admin powers and logging into an admin account to actaully do♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of allowing lil kiddies like me without that power to play it.Hell, it even taught me about planes and made me wanna be a pilot."
76561198250240418,Recommended,314160,31568710,Posted: 5 May,all,PCFAN,good plane sim
76561198073180304,Recommended,314160,31617901,Posted: 7 May,all,Professionally Clueless,If you're looking for an in depth flight simulator you found it.
76561198373666162,Recommended,314160,31561100,Posted: 5 May,all,lialesellers,Very much an improvement.  I was not able to use FSX after Windows 8+ due to unexplained crashes of the app.  Bought X plane and could not get used to it.  This SE of FSX is great... no crashes of the app.
,Recommended,314160,26318113,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Don Tuna,"well truth be told out of the box this simulator is just terrible, its bland and doesnt really have anything to offer, the world is empty the textures are terrible, the default content is disappointing it lacks in the immersion which then forces you to get addons, graphic wise it runs on DX9 and you can run it on DX10 but a lot of the addons you have or might get most likely will not like it, and you will end up having to buy another add on just so you can use DX10 for that extra bling with your scenery. Simulators are cash cows when it comes to add ons, if you want a beautiful world to fly in youll have to put another 150-200 bucks into it to fly proper planes and have proper airports and world scenery, being a flight simmer is not cheap... after over 1200 hours on FSX i actually moved over to Prepared 3D, for that extra bit of performance that FSX:SE (already a slightly beefier version of FSX) cant offer, after spending another 2000+ hours on P3D i am now moving over to X-Plane, because it is the future of 64bit sims (P3D and FSX are both 32bit so you are very limited, especially when it comes to memory issue and memory leaks)X-plane is a little low on content right now, but for the last year they have been getting a lot of work done and there are more and more content coming in and with the release of X-Plane 11 at the end of this year, you are probably better off waiting for a bit and getting X-Plane as a simulator, and if you are already an owner of FSX and/or P3D you are able to bring over all your Sceneries to X-Plane, although there is no compatibility at the moment to do so for your aircraft... No matter what an FSX or P3D simmer tells you, X-Plane is the sim you need, and if you dont agree with me now you will be after spending a couple thousand hours on both sims.Note to new buyers and first timers...before you buy this and expect to have an awesome experience like you see on youtube videos and such please know that to have the same result you will have to spend a lot more than the initial 24 bucks price tag (24 swiss francs in my case)AircraftWeatherAirportSceneryall come at a price and any of these can cost you anywhere from 15 - 100 bucks more per addon depending on developer and quality (the good planes for example can go anywhere from 30 to 100 bucks, but they do tend to come as a package, 2 models for the price of one and such). I for example have over 1000 bucks invested on my sim and thats just on addons not including hardware such as joysticks and pedals etc..."
76561198084043139,Recommended,314160,25456854,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,dejuan.laguerre,"Really good game, I wish there was an updated version that would come out"
,Recommended,314160,16043300,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MikeTheRedWolf,i love this game cant stop playing but something was annoying me the the airplane jumps randomly.
76561198243310866,Recommended,314160,22747374,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,novagas96,"This Game would be better if they updated the ATC Comms and maybe added more aircraft, but overall it's a great simulator and very realistic with everything. You can really feel the G-Forces when you turn at speed and I think it is really worth your money!"
76561198108981301,Recommended,314160,32424513,Posted: 14 June,all,Celtic Warrior,Much better than the original Non Steam version. I'm glad that FSX has moved over to Steam!
76561198271165108,Recommended,314160,32138456,Posted: 2 June,all,joshuarm1214,"stunning absolute stunning realistic simulator I can tell, I destroyed my school"
,Recommended,314160,26241527,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,understoodconcept,"Love it! Although it really buggs me that the clouds are so big even at +30,000 ft. Like, huge."
,Recommended,314160,26211793,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TheMrDave64,great game
76561198285177927,Recommended,314160,26218861,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,cameronallen13,an amazing game would recommend it to anyone who like flight sims and starters
,Recommended,314160,13478399,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ea$tside Lunatic,"FINALLY, FSX is back.-Runs smoother and quicker than the boxed version-No more keeping a product key-Multiplayer is back-UPDATESYou can't go wrong with paying 5 bucks, best choice I ever made."
76561197988573900,Recommended,314160,13893277,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,zip104,"Same as ever;performance wise.Dx9 cpu bias,Dx10 Gpu bias.Seems much more stable,perhaps some bugs were indeed put right.Textures look basic 1080p and above;some add-ons (paid and freeware) use very hires textures,improving the look of aircraft and scenery.Its got game elements added as missions;don't get the impression its a game though.Its a serious attempt at destktop flight simulation.Loading times reduced win64.Much better loading times.Seems to handle big texture files much better,for instance no or little blurry image with vfr photo scenery .Draw distance as viewed from control tower seems less than boxed version.R9280 many dx10 preview problems in the visual department(Driver issue possibly dx 10 effects some only work in DX9 from older add-on aircraft)).DX9 glitch free.Keep in mind this was originally  released nearly ten years ago.*A souncard is recommended though it works fairly well on many built in audio chips.Sounds great on soundblaster z card.Needs add ons for aircraft and scenery if you intend to make it your serious sim.CPU and GPU overhead less than those needed in current build xplane10...Flight model with default aircraft is mixed,in terms of feel.(737 feels realistic for example)Default Cessna feels unrealistic.I recommend you buy  one A2A add-on with accusim bolt on.For Jet liner Captain sim or Pmdg.There are other other vendors that sell great aircraft,however i'd start here if you have a newish PC.Is it better than xplane?FSX has vastly better support,even now with freeware and payware.FSX is more friendly to use,the interface is still good.Fsx clouds/weather have little impact on framerates.Air traffic and atc are fully intergrated into FSX.It does not have a great flight model (Subsonic flight)or HDR lighting like XP10.Xplanes supersonic flight model has not worked properly in 18 months(still not fixed)Xplane has basic traffic and basic atc.The weather engine in xplane requires very high quality cpu to look good.Both need payware helicopter,if thats what you want to fly.Default choppers are awful in both flightsims.I like them both but cannot run xplane anywhere near maxed;Fsx is near maxed graphics wise on same desktop computer.Some people are having lots of issues with installers for add-on aircraft/scenery.Mainly down to old software not supporting Win7/8 properly.*What's working ,sort of working for me so far.:-Austria X works;finds the root then ok to make folder,installs fine thereafter.Justflights comet installs okJust flights Constellation pro okdodosim206(simconnect needs installing)minor sound bug)(earth sims soundscape may be the issue)realair spitfire is okvfr western isles ok(needs manual directing to correct folder)Alphasim hunter& F106 &F7u Cutlass,F104 ok(manual install)Fly the tigerX okA2A B377 accusim okvr insight hat track works with default aircraft,some minor issues with some 3rd party(usb2)Alphasim SR71 okVFR london ok(!!!!)Earth Simulations isles of man (Possible conflict with vfr london or aerosoft F16..i'm not sure which)Install IOM first!!!!./..DISC version;advice is(from internet) to disable internet connection before install otherwise it wont look for the discs at installation point.Installs to hardrive then unpacks then install to fsx (around 1 hr from discs)A2A P40 & P47 install okORBXpnw installs BUT!!!(area.149 /169etcetc add-on airfields CFG scenery not found)no idea why this shows up on scenery CFG.missing files upon loading(ORBX are looking at fixing the problem,which is good)Earth sims Alderney(V1)works perfectly.RealAir Duke V1.5 piston engine versionokPMDG MD11 works.Needs mine , pref above specs to fly it smoothly.Has a separate program running in background of FSX ,for increased realism compared to the default aircraft.VFR airfields vols1,2,3.ok(IOM by earthsims conflict with aiports disable in vfr3 configuration)On a personal note i'd like to say to potential buyers.This is an old programme ,lightly updated to work on modern versions of windows.IF you are expecting new features or improved graphic engine,you will be mislead.Keep this in mind before you buy.Issues are mostly Dx9/Dx10 compatability ;some add ons do NOT support Dx10 mode.Installer issues are down to old add-ons not putting the files in correct order with the Steam edition."
76561197979396307,Recommended,314160,13874846,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,dccarles,"After numerous bad experiences with ostensibly-well-reviewed flight simulators, I was beginning to think the genre wasn't for me any more, that maybe it was now inaccessible to anyone who didn't either have a real world pilot's license or Job-like patience.  I fondly remember spending hours trying to land my Cessna in the original Microsoft Flight Simulator, and the joy I felt when I finally got it right, but I just don't have that sort of time any more.I am glad to say Flight Simulator X brought that joy back.  It is not perfect by any means - the shell is a little unstable, alt-tabbing (on my installation of Windows 7 at least) means kissing your session goodbye, and the scenery is often somewhat lacklustre.  But it is accessible, and that counts for a lot.You get a wide variety of aircraft to play with, the game simulates the /entire world/, and you can choose the skill level that's right for you.  FSX ~wants to let you into its tree fort to play, and has very well done tutorial missions to get you up and running.  (A lot of simulators forget the importance of good tutorial missions.  If the tutorial missions aren't done well, the new user experience is likely to be limited to those missions and the 'Delete all local content' menu option on Steam.)How far you want to take it is up to you, and you don't have to take it all as one lump - you can, for example, ignore the radio and navigation entirely if you so choose, and concentrate on learning to fly by the seat of your pants.  If you want to land on a carrier in oatmeal-thick fog on one engine, FSX will let you do that, too: enough real world pilots seem to play FSX that it doesn't seem likely it's been overly diluted.FSX is, in other words, easy to learn but hard to master.  My advice for newbies is to take the ultralight, tune down the realism settings, and just enjoy flying around the photogenic city of your choice for a while.  Land on a scenic landmark or two, watch the AI traffic come in and out, then maybe try a short intercity hop or two."
76561197963584378,Recommended,314160,16130222,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,tozziFan,"great tool for learning, from the basics, up to full realismif you want better and/or realistic environments and fully functional aircrafts, payware dlcs are the way to expand the experienceTrackIR and flying controls hardware are mandatory, if willing to step up the skilsvery good and immersive with 3Dvision (mostly recommended when flying general aviation)if you have the Boxed version, the Steam Edition is a great improvement in stability and smoothness, at the cost of a few old minor utlities that won't be working here"
,Recommended,314160,26218939,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,🌈🎇🌈| osu! 4 life |🌈,"Awesome game, it requires a lot of skill and precision. This is not one of those Grand Theft Auto phyisic type games, its more like realistic and really close to reality. The graphics are not the best, but it is indeed a huge game with dozens of city's, country;s and et to choose. But overall fanatsic game, i recommend it to anyone whoo;s like simulators or just flying."
76561198091286504,Recommended,314160,27004721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[RGQT] General_Jacks,Pro Tip: Use Aux Pumps in the 172 to double as afterburners on takeoff.
,Recommended,314160,26222430,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,edkelley6,"Its just like the Windows XP version, which no longer works with Windows 10.  I thought the graphics would be better in Steam, but no."
,Recommended,314160,32560936,Posted: 19 June,all,[ACW]Mr. Poopybutthole,"flew to mt rainer, got stoned during the sunset. it was pretty cool. the game trailer is what really lead me to this game, i love the orginal acting and the hype of a wicked turbalance landing. takes it to the extreme. had fun, i might get stoned and fly during sunset again. who knows. best game trailer ever."
,Recommended,314160,13884273,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,L4TET,"I have had every flight simulator since 95. I was a longtime fan of FSX, but not how it ran. GTX 780 and still only getting 25-30 fps on max setting. Keep in mind this game was originally released in 2006. With this re-release, I am getting 50-60 fps. What a difference, sure some of the addons don't work, but this breathes new life into an already great game. If you have the box set, this game is completely worth getting again."
76561198052476602,Recommended,314160,13885603,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,thomasdavidpape,As the original without the many discs! However some voice overs are missing from missions? Where did they go? Solid game!
76561198220452544,Recommended,314160,17252972,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,WelshPilot,flight simulator x is amazing. on the other versions you can use more airport veichles and go into the aircraft cabin. please add this. apart from that a amazing game
,Recommended,314160,26175697,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Deleted Emails,"I think I'm addicted, please send help."
,Recommended,314160,19185880,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Rapidfire,better than x plane 10 any day !
,Recommended,314160,31138611,Posted: 14 April,all,Kryptic,"Been playing this game waaay before steam edition, for people you are in to flight sims and aviation this is defiantly the game for you,GraphicsThere okay for a game that was made in 2006 but there are lots of aftermarket programs and files that can make this game look ridiculously realistic.performenceAgain for a game made in 2006 the performence is good there are many tweaks you can do in the config file and in-game settings to make the game run better, if you do want to max everything out and have stunning graphics you better have a good CPU and graphics cardMuliplayerDepends what servers you go into, some are for free flight, some are realistic flights with ATC and there are others that hold events like airport hopping which are very fun."
76561198307209014,Recommended,314160,33819166,Posted: 26 July,all,creepidtrickshots,can anyone help me PLEASE after loading screen i press on free flight then it crashes and on loading sceern it says error 124 scerny.cfg
,Recommended,314160,33818212,Posted: 26 July,all,Rick Sanchez,"Very high quality flight simulator, easy to run, much cheaper than alternatives but very old 9so graphics arent quite first rate)"
76561198006923630,Recommended,314160,23794427,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NOODLEMANNY,"You have fond memories of playing this back in the day yes?Do you know the phrase:""Nostalgia is a dish best served by not playing it because you had way lower standards back in the day and todays games have ruined you with flash ease of use so if you tried it now you'd be ultimately disappointed you privileged, and in all likelihood,  white cis male.""Well it's not strictly true. MFSX is still the best pure flight sim around IMO"
76561198208622916,Recommended,314160,25249413,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Crazyjoe  (vegas),great multiplayer game good graphics i would highly recomend this to anyone who likes simulation games
,Recommended,314160,32579956,Posted: 19 June,all,Doug,How do i turn on the engine?
,Recommended,314160,15940972,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,bendrwho,its ok but is not study level . also needs more detailed planes
,Recommended,314160,20979133,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JDarksword,"A great flight sim, be warned though, if oyu want to have a realistic experience addons are required. For Military aircraft I recommend the VRS Superbug with TacPack (tacpack is required) and for civilian I reccomend the PMDG 737NGX."
76561197963733572,Recommended,314160,30701088,Posted: 24 March,all,Poncho Cat Evo,Better then the other one  i have..  i get good fps now so Ya!
76561198045293459,Recommended,314160,16031078,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Dear Leader,Great for new Flight sim players. I play Xplane too and this is much better for noobies
,Recommended,314160,30504917,Posted: 14 March,all,xdlsd,DA BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!
76561198072022840,Recommended,314160,24620112,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,POLIMOSKILOS18,if you want pratiece flying planes this is for you
,Recommended,314160,32338085,Posted: 11 June,all,SeaAxe (cx3907),"Recommended for newbies; Not recommended for today's expectations.I'm not qualified to write this, but I feel that in terms of experience, this is the benchmark the flight sim market minimally ought to follow. I have some hundreds of hours on FSX before owning the Steam copy, and I find that FSX comes off as cheap but relevant and working, however is quickly becoming a failing ""gold"" standard.FSX is beginner-friendly, but also at least meets some needs of experienced sim/IRL pilots without burning a hole in wallets. There's a good reason why this software is what got many aviation enthusiasts into the hobby, and that is accessability.The controls are responsive, while flight models and physics are alright offline. Although not recommended, the mouse/keyboard control scheme works. As of this writing, I'm using a X360 controller which work great with FSX, while saving up for a full Saitek set up that I hope will be a great investment. (Bleeping Flying Spaghetti Monster, those rudder pedals are expensive!)The set up will be for another software tho lolIf you don't mind outdated netcode and multiplayer support, you might still find some fun in multiplayer. Don't be surprised finding passenger aircrafts somehow hovering above an airport. That seem to occur every now and then.That being said, if you *really* don't mind some immersion being broken, FSX is overall a good(imitation)realistic flight sim, minus the same boring landscapes covering almost the whole Earth. At least the aerodome locations are accurate. If you have some budget to spare, go ahead and purchase some of the scenary DLCs.It's a shame that FSX does not age well with improving hardware. After more than a decade since its inception, we have found that its performance did not scale along. The same loading/caching/occlusion isssues still remain. There are some occasional stutters and awful crashes (both plane and software lol). Some planes still have oversized hitboxes!Conclusion:Budget and fair flight sim for noobs. Good enough for practise runs but expect diminishing returns."
,Recommended,314160,21391341,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,wvbigdave,"I love the fact that this game is still going strong. But seriously, if you are going to keep multiplayer going, please work out the bugs in the browser. I hope the new version does better. Looking forward to it."
,Recommended,314160,22008279,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[56th]Bennett,I love this game it may not have the graphics but the cockpits are very realistic. There are also some great mods for planes/scenary. For mods go to Simvation. i would rate this 8.5/10 just the graphics and low gamplay base game. Here are some main things for me.Multiplayer:You can chose to be a pilot or the ATC at an aiport. This can also be done with freinds as you can share cockpit.Singleplayer:Great as well you can use a AI ATC or just go on a flight where ever you want.Graphics:Not the best on the land sid of it but the airports and planes are very nice.
76561198121646551,Recommended,314160,24015810,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BF Bullpup,"With this game on a big sale right now, there are certain to be people on the fence about buying this game.  I thought it is time for me to write a review on this game.Over the past year, I have tried all of the current ""big three"" sims: FSX (got it 75% off), X-Plane 10, and Prepar3D v3.  I also have Dovetail Flight School and even FlightGear.  Out of all five, FSX:SE is by far my favorite.Yes its technology (32 bits and unfinished DirectX 10) is aged by today's standards.  However, I myself am a diehard retro gamer and I am able to overlook its age to make the most of a sim that is still relevant in today's market.Its greatest strengths are:-Diversity in gameplay.  You can take lessons and try to pass checkrides, fly in a variety of missions, or go on a solo or multiplayer free flights.  The game has GA aircrafts, airliners, a helicopter, a glider, and a few other aircraft types right out of the box.  Even if you don't feel like flying, you can read its vast in-game library to learn about the game and the planes' different features and how they are used in real life.-Expandability.  The default terrain is a a bit bare (but still waaay better than FlightGear).  There is a good number of add-ons available through Steam, and around 75% of the add-ons designed for boxed FSX still work for FSX:SE with no or only a little tweaking.  The default game will keep you busy for many months and the add-ons will keep you busy for YEARS.-User friendliness.  Almost everything works right out of the box.  Yes there are a couple of bugs that DTG unfortunately cannot fix due to its distribution agreement with Microsoft, but some of them can be fixed by the players with the right amount of research (and back up all originals!).  The in-game options, AI planes, ATC, dials and gauges, four seasons landscape, real-time weather, map, flight planner, rewards, and frame rate all work.  You can start on the runway or at any of the parking or gate area in the game's 20,000 airports.  You aren't given a million options to choose from just so you can set the game the way you like it and take to the skies.People very new to flight simmings or to aviation in general will not have their hands held - they will still need to take the lessons, read the library, do additional research online, and invest in at least a cheap joystick to make the most of their experience.  That is where many would-be simmers give up.  If you want to fly as soon and as easily as possible, this sim is not for you.  If you want to learn how to fly and enjoy the rewards out of doing so, this sim is for you.Will FSX:SE be our go-to flight sim forever?  Maybe not forever, but for at least for the rest of this year, yes.  Prepar3D (based on FSX) is still boring and built on old technology despite its price tag.  X-Plane 10 baits and switches for sales and still can't offer detailed airports, good ATC, and the four seasons right out of the box.  Dovetail Flight School is missing too many features for serious simming, but the upcoming Dovetail Flight Simulator may be FSX:SE's rightful replacement.  FlightGear is admirable, but it is freeware for a reason.So in short, if you are interested in aviation and you are willing to learn, then take advantage of this sale.  FSX:SE, sale or not, is an affordable and accessible entry point to the wonderful hobby of flight simulation."
76561198295926680,Recommended,314160,33397169,Posted: 9 July,all,BrigGPrice,"Amazing game.  I would give it 4 out of 5, just because the FSX:SE edition does not support every FSX add-ons, and the scenery is not perfect.  (NOTE: the scenery is good and it probably is the best I have ever seen, but if you fly over your house, it will most likely not be modelled as in real life.)   Also, the flight characteristics are very realistic, there are a lot of fun and exiting tutorials, and it even includes a multiplayer mode.  This is probably the best flight simulator I've ever flown in."
,Recommended,314160,21294275,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Senior referee Callum,I am a aspiring pilot and love this game.I can practise senarios away from the real cockpit or just mess around with my freinds in multiplayer.There are millions of free planes online with easy installation.8/10*note=feel free to send me a request
,Recommended,314160,34050482,Posted: 5 August,all,C³9,Fun!
,Recommended,314160,34049057,Posted: 5 August,all,Captn,Princess Juliana Tower this is AIR BONG ONE requesting landing inside the terminal.10-4 sauce boss
,Recommended,314160,27644960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Premier_Romanov,"Ahhh, first played this game nearly a decade ago. And you know what? It has aged remarkably well, barring the gamespy issue. But beyond that, it must be regarded as a long lasting game, and I hope it stays for many more years."
76561198161308604,Recommended,314160,27664151,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tsar Productions,Highly recomended game that even a low end computer game can handel .
76561198210953279,Recommended,314160,35052912,Posted: 18 September,all,ChickenMcNipples,This game is very realistic. full of checklists and what not. I personaly have had some reliablity issues but Im sure its from my laptop and not the game its self. 5/7 would reccomend
,Recommended,314160,35303787,Posted: 29 September,all,Stiggy,aside from random game crashes and an archaic interface i'd say it's pretty nice.
,Recommended,314160,23633137,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pizza Morty,"Took a few days to fix, but when a got it working im glued to it!"
76561198044250212,Recommended,314160,35295787,Posted: 29 September,all,kramadhanz,"Take the controls of aircraft such as the 747 jumbo jet, F/A-18 Hornet, P-51D Mustang, EH-101 helicopter and others - an aircraft for every kind of flying and adventure. Select your starting location, set the time, the season, and the weather. Take off from one of more than 24,000 airports and explore a world of aviation beauty that has entranced millions of plane fans from across the globe."
,Recommended,314160,25193366,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Foob,"Great Game, definetly recommend using a flight stick, or joystick of some kind along side while playing. Its pretty much the Flight Sim X Acceleration DLC in a ""Steam edition"" Package."
,Recommended,314160,35390673,Posted: 1 October,all,Killian,"This game is a treat. For those that know little to nothing about flying an aircraft, this game is for you. Even for those that are flight enthusiasts this game can be a good laugh and for some even educational. Overall amazing game."
,Recommended,314160,35397042,Posted: 1 October,all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,"pretty nice gameplay with a controller. not keyboard recommended, but good for just relaxing and being in control."
76561198008819772,Recommended,314160,35355215,Posted: 30 September,all,Brizzanator684,"Loved this game Since i started playing it when it came out new in store.  Been playing MFS since 95!  lol.  It really is to bad they decided to dump FSX from microsofts ship, because no other Simulator that ive found has the personality FSX has.  I know thats a terrible review but ANYONE thats been playing Microsofts Flight Sim's can tell you they have a Special charm to them which makes it easy to pick up and play.  The controls can be very simple or hard, But never in my opinion Arcade like.  Fsx STILL holds its weight even today IMO.  not many other Sims can say that.  Im an avid gamer and i love simulators of all kinds.  But once a year or so when you dont havbe any games you feel Like playing, I always find myself going back any flying my Favorite flights.  Through the mountains in BC or that tough weather flight with a big plane and a small run way.  FSX Is aways there to take up your times when you have nothing else.  Let the boring drone of the Air Traffic Controller take you on a IFR from your favorite homeland Airstrip or Intl Airport to your favorite location!  The Price, The Fun Factor, You cant beat this game."
76561198030784938,Recommended,314160,24129564,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Blame Bad Tidings,"Got the boxed version when I was in elementary school, now I'm a commercial pilot. So you tell me if it's  good."
76561198286424718,Not Recommended,314160,29145559,Posted: 9 January,all,SpngBobNoPants,Crashes constantly worked sporadically for about ten hours now wont play. Reloaded five times still wont work.  Steam refuses to refund it even though the game is broke and unplayable.  $80 bucks down the drain. Pass on it get xplane instead.
,Recommended,314160,15062587,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Miku Ohashi,Couldn't believe it is five dollars now. I buy it at 25.
76561198175069222,Recommended,314160,17294912,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,fsx.cockpit99,after the loading for a free flight I see a black screen and than it says that Microsoft Flight Simuator doesn't work. I have this since the update of windows 10. what can I do to resolve the problem?
,Recommended,314160,13437804,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,JS96,Finally stable on Windows 8.1!It's just perfect now!
76561198131404775,Recommended,314160,15720846,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,aZ,FLY DA BIG PLANES AH WEEEEE
76561198101477865,Recommended,314160,13484959,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DreSwed420,"Best flight sim, Get EZdok, good 3rd party plane(A2A or PMDG) and this games becomes 100x better. Weather engine and textures are also recommended"
,Recommended,314160,13454857,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,That Audi Guy,"The game I have logged countless hours, is finally on Steam!With many improvements. But please note that some of the both freeware and payware addons(for example ORBX) will struggle to locate your FSX directory and the cfg directory."
76561198214003240,Recommended,314160,14835665,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,JayMisanthrope,"Played this game years ago, was glad to see it on steam. Well worth the money now all it needs is FS Passengers add on and it will be great."
76561198278439876,Recommended,314160,28543626,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[UG]TurtleDudeBob44,Veary good gME LOVE TO PLAY ITS FUN TO PRACTICE FORMATION AND MORE
76561197978272147,Recommended,314160,25037267,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Max Pavo,"I have been a Microsoft Flight Simulator enthusiast since inception, and my enjoyment for Flight Simulator has continued to grow as each release corrects bugs, makes improvemetns and provides opportunities for 3rd party support for add-ons.  The Steam Version has made several improvements while keeping the basic FSX concept intact but ignored the one factor that all users face and hate about the FSX franchise - the Out of Memory Error.2016 brings very powerful CPUs and GPUs to our disposal, and while my PC is at the top Tier in performance, Flight Simulator Steam Edition does not fully take advantage of this power due to FSX 32bit program structure.Many vendor's add-ons such as ORBX, Aereosoft, and even Steam DLC for Flight Simulator place greater demands on the finite 4GB Memory limits of Flight Simulator.  Thus when using the products with a fully capable aircraft cockpint simulator you will face the Out of Memory (OOM) issue at some point.  It could be 10 minutes into your flight, but more often than not it happens just as you approach that ""mega"" airport you paid $50.00 for  - resulting in a fatal error,  and the need to restart the program to begin again.The 4GB memory limit is the one thing that needs to be addressed more so than anything.  Otherwise it is pointless to buy highly detailed aircraft, scenery and airports then dial everything down to bare minimums to avoid running beyond the 4GB barrier causing a simulator crash.I use a tool called ProcessExplorer to monitor my memory usage during flights, and when the memory usage creeps up to 3.7gb I immediately save the flight because I know what is coming next - this is ridiculous. For everyones edification - Out Of Memory is not a ""physical"" memory limit but the restrictions of 32bit limits of the program itself, Memory caps out at 4gb regarless of how much physical memory you have installed.For consideration: Starting up the SIM at a detailed airport with an iFLY 747 you just used about 3.2 gb or Vmemory and as you fly, use the panel cockpit instruments and enjoy the views, the remaining memory will slowly be depleted until your sim crashes - OOM.Even if developers of this Steam Flight Simulator version produced a tool that automates saving the flight when memory is near the crash limits at least that would be a step in the right direction, but no tool is offered. I guess creating one would be admiting the problem exist and wise folks would avoid the 32bit  franchise all together.The other issue with this version as in previous ones is Flight Simulator does not properly flush memory between flights, and with each session, the more you fly it too will deplete the 4gb limit eventually,  unless of course you restart the program and waits the 3 minutes for a re-load.Once again no in game ""memory flush"" feature for a long known issue.The one major limiting factor that needed to be fixed went answered: and companies are more than happy to sell you add-ons knowing their add-on products place added demands on the limited memory space of this 32bit program.Back when Aces was doing the development they would make a statement following each release, ""they intentionally build the simulator for the next generation of the PC"", WELL here we are, and my system can throw this around at 40+ fps BUT crashes because no one has taken time to address the 32bit limit.  the issue rapidly begain to manifeste  itselft once end users moved up to more powerful systems, and content creators offered ""better"" higher detailed planes, airports, and scenery.Moving forward: I would think offering a 64bit release would destroy compatibilty for all those add-ons, and this is the underlying reason the program remains 32bit, to keep the 3rd party suppliers happy more than the end user.My prediction is this simulator will simply be 32bit forever, and a NEW Flight Simulator will be offered, sold and we enthusist will venture out and buy it, and cough up money for basically the same add-ons to get us to this point in time to facilite the true enjoyment of flight simulation without the OOM crashes. as they say in contracting - you dont make money fixing it, sell them something new.So how do you avoid all this OOM stuff:  Stick to the basic Flight Simulator and Aircrafts, forgo any add-ons, or at least keep them to the bare minimum. Make your choice- Do you want to look at pretty scenery or have a simulator cockpit experience - with the limits of 32bit program it is difficult to have both.IMHO it would be best to stick with the basic FSX steam version with limited add-on purchases, and hope the next FXY version will be 64bit.So how do I like the Flight Simulator Steam Edition - I love it, due to the vast content one has access to, the realiasm, and landclass graphic details frim orbx that can be achieved using new improved land classes, and add-0n airports. but as stated, fatal program crashes will occur depending on your combonation of aircract, area, and detail level settings.With all the above being said.  Flight Simulator Steam Edition has plenty to offer with many hours of enjoyable game play for all flight simulator enthusiast.- buyer be Advised of the 232bit limits."
76561198067131386,Recommended,314160,15087250,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,βαβαυκο [UA],"good game, but need translation to Russian"
,Recommended,314160,31359167,Posted: 25 April,all,.MaVe^$,Still one of the best Flight Sims out there
,Recommended,314160,29469153,Posted: 24 January,all,LacusTheRock,Best of all time flight simulation softwares 10/10
,Recommended,314160,32522452,Posted: 17 June,all,Negative,Good game.
,Recommended,314160,32582047,Posted: 19 June,all,Pineapple_Wizard,"Good for what it is, especially on a budget. It has served me well, but Xplane and P3D are the future of flight simulation. If you are looking to get into flight sim, seek out Xplane and Prepar3d, FSX is dead. Don't even consider FSW."
,Recommended,314160,14533951,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SkUnimatrix,"Great when you can get it on sale for $5 like it was during the holidays, but I'd personally hold off at the normal price.  Things like TrackIR do not work out of the box and involves having to manually copy a couple of files around each time the game updates.  There are instructions on here on how to do it.  Also if you have a lot of DLC that has been purchased over the year beware it may not work on the steam edition.  I still have version 1.0 for MD-DOS on floppy disc and now I own the last version.  However after FS9 I switched to Xplane to keeps skills up as flying became prohibitively expensive over the past decade for civil aviation.If you are a flight student or professional pilot then you'd be better off taking a look at X-plaine or Lockheed's DX 11 version Prepar3d."
,Recommended,314160,14580691,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,shad,nice game.
,Recommended,314160,14034602,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,I had been a onwer of the boxed version of this before but Dovetail has improved bits of pieces of this game.The good:Dovetail improved this game a lot than when the original dev them would have.The recent framerate fix really feels like to fly payware aircraft or fly through cities that requires a lot of power on a computer.They updated the multiplayer since GameSpy is really redundant now.The game will no longer crash if there's a memory problem.The game works in Windows 8.1 and I'm running as of right now as I'm writing this.I really not sure about if they ever improved anything else besides on what they fixed.The bad:Lack of support for addons (not DLCs Dovetail are releasing for this) meaning that people that makes payware aircraft and scenery to be tested prior to releasing it to the public to buy. I had tested some that were released and some of them will work and some will not. Its still FSX but some of the installers wouldn't find where the acutal install of the game is.I'm really not complaining about the rest of the game expect for this.There's also a sound bug that hasn't been fixed yet on the default Goose plane when while change the view to cockpit when the thorttle is idle. That can be a easy fix by messing its sound.cfg. All other default aircraft are fine as there is no issues with them.
76561198046198637,Recommended,314160,14110260,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,magdish,"Just switched from DVD  to steam version, Had some  issues but after driver update  everything works  fine.Very nice !"
,Recommended,314160,14908770,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,CDR.Shepard (KeGGeR),"I have to modify my review.  Despite the bugs and whatnot.  They game is quite good, and has a multitude of remote airstrips, including grass strips that I was surprised to see.  To reduce bugginess, change any settings before starting your flight.  Accessing the ALT menu seems to reduce the amount of time you can fly before the game crashes.Alright, so the graphics are quite nice on this Simulator.  This makes for some nice immersion.  However, I'm getting into flying in the real world, and wanted to do some practice flights that I might actually fly to get a feel for them.  I enabled updating weather and everything.  (Highly recommend using the current weather settings)  Here's what would continually happen.  I would take off flying the piper cub, circle slowly to the correct heading and maintain my climb.  Finally I'd level off and settle in for a relaxing flight to a nearby lake.  Suddenly the Windows spinng wheel of loading pops up, and the game closes.  It says checking for problems, a fatal error has occured.  Restarting Microsoft Flight Simulator X.  After all that I'm staring blankly at the setting screen which has also lost the majority of my settings that I just customized.  Ok it's a fluke, let me try again.  After 5 attempts at this, and the game ""automatically restarting,"" I searched for similar occurances.  It seems this game has a good deal of bugs that just simply aren't fixed.  I'm so frustrated, that I may switch back over to GEFS (Google Earth Flight Simulator)  It runs on your browser and has ok graphics.  Oh, and it doesn't randomly crash."
,Recommended,314160,14956976,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SickTag,Amazing simulator.  Fun and has multiplayer.  It was fun flying flight paths with other pilots all around the world from all around the world.I flew low altitude downthe Las Vegas Strip and crashed into the Stratosphere Tower.  Epic!
76561198091099300,Recommended,314160,14880306,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lerno1,"About a year ago, I found FSX: Gold Edition sitting on my shelf from a few years ago, collecting dust. I opened it and found 3 discs: one for all the military aircraft, and 2 for public aviation. I was (and still am) more interested in public aviation, so I plopped in Disc 2, but it didn't do anything. I inserted Disc 1, and installation started. About half-way, it asked to insert Disc 2, so that's what I did, and installation completed. I played with it for a little bit, and closed it, just to do something else. When I came back and re-opened the application, it asked to repair or un-install the game, so I selected to repair the game, and of course, half-way there it asked to insert Disc 2. When repairing was done, I clicked ""Finished"", and nothing happened. Disc 2 was apparently for installation ONLY, so when I re-inserted Disc 1, it asked to repair or uninstall, again. I set the box back on my shelf, and let it collect dust again.A few days before Christmas, I noticed that FSX:SE was out for a discount of $4.99, so I purchased it immediately. I was very pleased to now have a permanent flight simulator.I don't understand why Dovetail is releasing useless DLC's for ridiculous amounts of money.  Instead of falling for Dovetail's useless DLC's, you should get third-party payware (i.e. Airbus X Extended, 737 NGX, GSX, etc.), or save up for it. Otherwise, enjoy using the default aircraft. Not much payware is yet compatible with Steam Edition, so if you really want something that's not out yet, simply wait or request the developer to make it compatible. The game can't be played offline, so if your internet cuts out, you'll have to wait until it comes back so you can start up FSX. If you have the original FSX, KEEP IT, unless you want multiplayer. If you are going to get FSX, but only have Steam Edition as an option, good luck trying to keep yourself from writing a negative review. Remember that you should not rely on Dovetail to make this game better, as it seems they're doing nothing to fix any bugs.Otherwise, I recommend this game for enthusiasts who don't mind spending their savings on third-party payware, or if they just want to fly around."
,Recommended,314160,14044237,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sidestickrider,"Great!!Compatible with IVAO, and of course, theAir Asia Virtual Group."
,Recommended,314160,14969366,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Darkangels39412,Amazing works with PMDG and Orbx
,Recommended,314160,14102672,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,HotelAlpha200,"Very good simulator. This sim is extremely capable of supporting virtually all types of flying machines, from seaplanes to supersonic aircraft. Unfortunately, the selection of aircraft is rather poor with the stock game so you have to get addons as a way to really enjoy the sim. These addons include aircraft, ships, tanks, cars (yes, I have seen cars!) and modifications for the AI traffic and many others. There are literally so many addons out there that every single person will find more than 1 thing they like. Google search for instance, ""Bristol Britannia FSX"" or ""Dornier Do-28 FSX"" and you will find the aircraft and the site that has it usually has a bunch more aircraft. Here are links to get you started.. All of which have top quality addons FOR FREEEE!http://www.cbfsim.co.uk/CBFS_HOME.phphttp://www.classicwings.net/http://www.rossiya-virtual.com/index.php?64c091dc97d4d447b5287bbfc1849db6=6bb8b8003e8c22b281926fed22d5b09chttp://restauravia.fr/html/creations_fsx.htmlwww.simviation.comEnjoy!"
76561198155339127,Recommended,314160,14174891,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,737NGXrogal,increible
76561198168759947,Recommended,314160,15158613,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,SAMNZ2000,This game is the best game you will ever buy! (if u like planes like me! :)) it is the best game in my steam library and is a definate buy. It is a very realistic game and even trainee pilots use it! BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314160,15110991,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,𝓔𝓛𝓛𝓘𝓞𝓣,"Very Good Game! - Although it crashes quite alot on multiplayer!,And The Graphics could be improved, Apart From that, its a very good game!"
76561198081648266,Recommended,314160,14261798,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Man In Red,"I remember playing FSX, when I was little, and downloading free add-ons to it, years later. And the Steam Edition makes it even better, since that means I get to use my Steam account in multiplayer, I never have to worry about trying to keep a copy of this simulator in a safe place, and I'm still downloading free add-ons to it. And if I'm correct, the Steam Edition is basically Steam's version of the Gold Edition, combining the Deluxe Edition and the Acceleration expansion pack into one. Steam basically saved FSX. At first, there was a problem with the scenery.cfg file that kept the game from starting, but someone in the Steam forums or discussions said all you have to do is replace the scenery.cfg file in the ProgramData folder with a copy of the scenery.cfg file from the Program Files (86) folder, and it worked and I'm having fun flying! Steam should do this with Microsoft Train Simulator, next!"
76561198168518217,Recommended,314160,14991056,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,saoudsaoud1999,i would like to see a boeing 777 or a380 expansion
,Recommended,314160,13525590,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Uehm,"I really recommend this game.For W8.1 people: This game may work. It may not. It works for me, so I'm posting a positive review.I can fly anywhere in the world. This game is truly amazing. There are over 20,000 airports in this game. Even in a small island country there are airports.If you don't have a joystick yet, you can still play this game but I'd really recommend getting a joystick as it's sort of hard to control the plane with just the keyboard. If you're flying a jet, you're more than likely going to be using autopilot most of the time, so it won't really matter anyways.At the time of posting this (22/12/14)  a lot of addons for the DVD game isn't working. The devs may fix that, they may not.  However, the amount of content in this game is still outstanding. You have over 20 planes that you can play and mess around with it. If you really like flight games, then this is the game for you.If you'd like a more combat-oriented game, then check out DCS world. FSX doesn't have any combat whatsoever."
,Recommended,314160,14668742,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,James,Great game for both beginners and professionals. Great community and easy to play.
,Recommended,314160,14912588,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Andy,"An addicting game for aviation enthusiasts, Performance and stability issues have definitely been improved."
,Recommended,314160,14519823,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sjam,create your favourite plane scenarios including: 9/11
,Recommended,314160,14939362,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,|TGA|✠PepeTheCarolean✠,"i used to play it with the disk but i found out it was released on here, so i got it for christmas and played it for a while. All i have to say is that this is the best flight simulator game."
76561198087921936,Recommended,314160,24209594,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr_Piggy,GREAT GAME EVEN FOR PEOPLE HOW DONT CARE ABOUT IT
76561198292375580,Recommended,314160,29882054,Posted: 12 February,all,H3O™,great simulator for begginers and good price
76561198236592544,Recommended,314160,26000954,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mistuh Stealy,*Gets game**skips tutorial**plays around with a cessna and learns how to fly a plane immidately**tries to land**tries to figure out which button is for the brakes**Lands**overshoots**takes off*How the ♥♥♥♥ do i play this♥♥♥♥♥♥9/11 would fly againbut in an honest review its a good simulator except for that teamspeak has people screaming sometimesbut the game is good for 10 years
,Recommended,314160,29010169,Posted: 4 January,all,AT.Starcy | earn.gg,Great Flight Sim overall. 10/10 the best part is the multiplayer where everyone fight over to be the ATC. 10/10 will fly again
76561198055234526,Recommended,314160,28355898,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Gordon Frohman 🐛,its a good gameair force one/10
,Recommended,314160,28356765,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dancai123,Thrilling and good for pilot training
,Recommended,314160,28644505,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,le froggy,"very good, 11/4"
76561198354356641,Recommended,314160,29766418,Posted: 7 February,all,j_mck5,Good for starting out in the Flight Sim world
76561198285871983,Recommended,314160,25494941,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Shroud de Romania,I love this game. This is the best flight simulator i have ever played.
,Recommended,314160,17193645,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,☭Comrade Wolf☭,great game
76561198179761059,Recommended,314160,18108570,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Zacharias.,"Best simulator to get :), only problems is that you have to spend rediculous amounts of money on different planes which i think should be given out as free downloads. Regardless of that flight sim X is better than most if not all simulators you can get,Zac, Exeter"
76561198001151653,Recommended,314160,16376615,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,theusmc202,"ok, starting out, it is really hard to find a server that has good ATC... with that being said they do pop up and they usually know what they are talking about. i enjoy doing form flights with some of my buddies with both default and addons i found online. it never fails i always have a blast. feel free to get on my page and look at some of the screenshots i have taken10/10"
76561198163132238,Recommended,314160,31305728,Posted: 22 April,all,KnottsGhostTown,This game is amazing no it is not like high graphics like planet coaster etc. but you can have alot of fun playing this dont have the money to go to LA you can fly there for FREE IN THIS GAME! OR GO TO TOKYO FRANCE ANYWHERE YOUR DREAMS WANT TO BRING YOU PLUS YOU ARE A PILOT HOW COOL IS THAT! THIS GAME MAKES ME HAPPY AND IT WILL MAKE YOU HAPPY TOO! THIS GAME IS WORTH THE MONEY!
,Recommended,314160,15424949,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FrenchBaguette,This is a great improvement compared to the  Boxed Version. I have an i5-4670K and a GTX 660 Ti and with this version i got 20 more FPS!!!! Almost all my add-ons work (GSX aint working good the textures are messed up). I've been playing FSX for 6 years now and I love it more than before!!I got this on sale for 4.99€ even if it's not on sale buy it!!Improvements:FPS BoostMULTIPLAYER!Bug Fixes (the one when you changed view the game would crash)and lots of other bugs fixed!
76561198020001318,Recommended,314160,16387946,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dazzer1305,"Great Game, Anyone in UK would like to do a group flight on Vatsim, Send me a message. Great game - Even better with Add-Ons."
,Recommended,314160,16501472,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[PL155] D.Wheatley,"I used (and still have) the boxed FSX. I was disappointed to discover that the boxed version was very glitchy and buggy on Windows 8 and 8.1. Then I saw this on sale - £2.89!This works MUCH better than the boxed version. Now time for the pros and cons:PROS:• Less glitchy on newer systems• Fixed major bugs and applied common fixes (e.g. HIGHMEMFIX)• Ongoing support from DTG (Dovetail Games)• Steam forums• Add-ons available fom Steam• Most freeware and payware works•SALES!!!• Steam Multiplayer*CONS:• Some 3rd party add-ons don't work• Might crash on older systems (e.g. Windows Vista, Windows XP, etc.)•ALWAYSrequires an active internet connection to start the game. (DTG are going to make a workaround for this... hopefully sometime soon!)•NOTbackwards compatible with FSX Boxed multiplayer sessions.All in all, this version of FSX is great for new systems and new hardware, but, if you don't mind the bugs, and all your friends have FSX boxed, you might want to get that and this so that you can play with them as well.*Not backwards compatible with FSX Boxed multiplayer sessions."
,Recommended,314160,16878039,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,kbaaa,"I have to say that this is now my favourite game, when you buy this game is not good game at all, you have default aircrafts and default terrain it dosent look like in real world and the aircrafts doesn't do things like the real ones, but there are shops like Aerosoft or PMDG which when you buy some product from them it very intresting and fun, because it more realstic and also the optionos are good.I would recommend this game for people who has a lot of money because the default game is borring and optinos in default are very very bad!But as I said when you buy some realistic aircraft or scenery it georgus!Also I don't understand why is this game on steam for 20+ € because this possibilities of this game don't match the price! ... When is it in sale for 4 € then the price match options of game!"
,Recommended,314160,16922051,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,GrassHopper,"This game and I have had an extremely long relationship. Back when I had just turned 10 years old I saw a youtube video of a trike ultralight landing at a major airport in fsx and I thought to myself, it would be cool to do that. Then I quickly searched it up and came up with a sight where I could download the demo. At the time I was really into the show ""Flying Wild Alaska"" on the Discovery channel which was about pilots making a living flying in Alaska. So, as soon as I got in game my goal was to recreate the flights in the show. In the demo you got only a few planes a few airports and a few missions and it put you in TNCM which is near the equator so my hopes of recreating those flights were ruined... Or were they? After a while of messing about only using keyboard and mouse (and pausing the game every 3 seconds to make adjustments) I realised that this would probably be easier with a controller so I pulled out my Dad's old Microsoft Precision Pro (Best joystick ever nothing even comes close in my opinion) and found the USB adapter plugged it in and had a go. I quickly realised that it was so much easier to control with a joystick and my interest for the game only grew. After a while of searching on the internet I found a freeware website where I could get planes and scenery made by others and then I realized that I could recreate the flights in the show with those planes. I downloaded a bunch of single engined props and started messing with the weather to get the desired conditions. After an hour of having fun with that I realized 2 things 1: Demo limits your time 2: Some guages in freeware aircraft are missing. This kind of lowered my hopes as I thought I would have to pay hundreds for the full version but when I searched it on Amazon it was only $35 and It was close to my birthday so I made my parents get it. While waiting for FSX to arrive I came across the FSX film making communities on Youtube and fell in love with this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fej9EWWLSswAnd that gave me a new goal: Find all the planes in that video and install them. When I got the game though, I forgot all those goals, installed the game, and installed a freeware Tiger Moth Biplane. Then I proceded to start a five hour flight Between Denver Intl. and Housten. this took me a few days at about an hour each day and a lot of saving. After completing the flight I started to explore the other parts of the game and this led me to multiplayer. From there I found a server which was doing landing competions I joined in the middle of one, failed and strived to be the best at the competitions which improved my overall game skill. (Big Shoutout to kilocharlie1, he and I have been friends since 2011 and met during one of his landing competitions). During the next 3000 hours spent on the boxed version of FSX I learned more and had more interactions with people with interesting perspectives and thoughts than I ever had in my real life. I went through multiple ""Phases"" while playing this game also like ""craving"": Pre-WWI aircraft, Biplanes with exposed radial engines, WWII aircraft, Turboprops, A2A only aircraft, etc. and all that research into those aircraft and such gave my more historical knowledge than I had ever learned in school. It also helped me gain the abilities to think logically and visually and to deeply understand certain workings of physics even though I had never studied them deeply before this game. This game is what brought me into PC gaming, kept me busy, educated me, and entertained me. Would HIGHLY reccomend  for anyone of any background of nearly any age to experiment and have fun in."
,Recommended,314160,17590319,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Iram,"Best Fllight Simulator hands down. This is the most realistic, most extensive, and (in my opinion) most fun flight simulator you can use. Tons of training contentTHAT YOU CAN USE IN REAL LIFE. If you're going to be a pilot someday MFSX is the simulator for you!!Planes 10/10Weather 10/10Explosions due to stalling 10/10Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,314160,17886261,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,iznotacat,This game is actually really good!I like the airplane noises the most though.nyerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrooooom!
76561198053024794,Recommended,314160,15217044,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,AnTi-eViL,"Great game the pilots and people flying have great patience and this game is great if you wanna know how it feels to fly a plane, good game"
,Recommended,314160,17712134,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Marcell,"Microsoft Flight SimulatorFinally the game has been optimized well also added Multiplayer option again. Now i can enjoy high-graphics and mods on my i3 with GTX660 :) Its really amazing game! If you have joystick and other devices then gonna be awesome!Listening music and flying over Budapest with Cessna airplane is the best!Buy it, Fly, Enjoy!"
76561198037153427,Recommended,314160,21436924,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Anymoose,"Since it's pretty much the same as the original FSX, what could be wrong with it? It runs a bit smoother than the original, some say it's a lot smoother but I haven't noticed a huge difference. Maybe a maximum of 50% FPS increase in backcountry areas, but in big complex detailed cities such as Manhattan the FPS is still pretty low when we're talking about a high end computer and a 10-year-old game.But I still recommend it. The original was awesome, and this is the same but a bit smoother so obviously it's awesome too. If you already own the original FSX, I'd suggest you wait for a sale before buying this game though."
,Recommended,314160,15120115,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Surgyo,"Lets be real. If you have a joystick, this is simply the best piece of aviation related software you can currently buy.But for me its all about the gliders. With a few tweaks and free addons, turn fsx into a fully functional sailplane/glider sim, with xcsoar suppport, awesome close up vfr visuals and, creative tasking with planG.Its the most fun you can have on the ground."
76561198057527813,Not Recommended,314160,15107572,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,marriage iguana,♥♥♥♥♥controls.Glad it was on sale.
,Recommended,314160,15073124,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Vinniemaus,"Microsoft Flight Simulator has been THE simulation program for many flightsimmers out there for years.From the smallest prop planes to the biggest jumbojets, people have enjoyed FSX, and surely will for the coming time.Many add-ons have been made for FSX, and while FSX:SE is slightly different, a lot of add-ons have been updated to work under this version as well. Also, while Gamespy is no longer, multiplayer has been fixed to work via the Steam platform itself.Does this mean it's the holy grail for home user simulation? Not really. While at the moment it's a working platform, Dovetail does not have the appropiate license to make big changes to the program like Lockheed Martin is allowed to in their Prepar3D program, based on the same Microsoft software.In the long run (years) FSX:SE in its current form will be obsolete and outdated. While LH Prepar3D and LR X-Plane are actively being developed, FSX:SE does not have that luxury.At the moment it's still an awesome platform, and anyone who wants to fly can do so no problem in FSX:SE. Including all those awesome add-ons that have been made for FSX over the years.Hopefully Dovetail Games will be able to upgrade the program in one way or another in the future."
76561198147798427,Not Recommended,314160,15093243,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,docnovelist,"I'm a confirmed FSX addict. When Steam offered the Dovetail Games version, I happily purchased it. The simulator offers plenty, from better frame rates and smoother flights to improved memory management. I'm disappointed in the overall experience, though, and can't recommend you buy at this time.Over 80% of my flights end in a crash-to-desktop, the dreaded ""terrain.dll"" error (as recorded by Windows). I've tried many dozens of fixes proposed on various forums, to little avail. I did find that Dovetail had left a key Redistributable (C++ 2013) out of their package, and even that hasn't been corrected. It appears that Dovetail is simply harvesting cash from the unsuspecting public at this point, as there has been zero response from their Customer Support.At this point I plan to uninstall FSX:SE and return to my previous version. Hopefully someday Dovetail will make the necessary corrections, and then I might try again."
,Recommended,314160,13436857,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Behemoth,"Im an owner of the FSX Gold Edition. This one works better then the old one I own.Straight after a fresh install the performance improvement is realy noticable.Somehow I always had issues with the FSX Gold Edition right after a fresh install :-/.If youre a FSX fan, just buy it while its at -80%, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,314160,33596191,Posted: 16 July,all,Chicken McFuckits,you can crash into the world trade center9/11
,Recommended,314160,20166284,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Brownie,Great game to learn the basics of aircraft flight dynamics and basic systems on the aircraft you are flying. The downside is you have to spend some money to make the game look beautiful if not its going to look a bit block and stuff. over all 8/10
76561198205209892,Recommended,314160,18717879,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Captain_of_the_Skies,"It's the best flight simulator in the world. Highly recomend it to anyone who wants to be a pilot, or for someone that just loves aviation."
,Recommended,314160,18410530,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,hellsvien,"Do you love planes? Are you an aircraft enthuisist? Real world pilot? Or a hobby RC pilot?This game brings it all to you. I've flown Flight Simulator since 2000. I now fly for a virtual airline,qantasvirtual.com.With the help of QTracker, and FSUIPC I can fly on Flight Simulator like a pro and clock up hours and ranks.If you want to be a virtual pilot, and never made it to being the real deal...  choose the second best option! FSX:SE!"
,Recommended,314160,19227561,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,DaxyOnMemesIn420P,Fantastic simulation. Countless hours can be spent flying around familiar and unfamiliar territories. Take a trip from your local airfield and land at a major airports with ATC guiding you in.To get the best out of the simulation you will need to purchase 3rd party addons for scenery and planes as the vanilla versions are lacking.Constantly updated with quality DLC's that will see you flying around parts of the world to airports you never knew existed!
,Recommended,314160,20355078,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PirateGES,"Microsoft Flight Simulator has been around since the day's of my first computer that used DOS and I loved it then and now. I have a special interest in flight and using this game helps not only having fun, but keeping you on top of reading instruments. I started MS FSX with a Gamepad and found no joy whatsoever, untill I recieved my Thrustmaster Flight Stick, only then could I Fly with the greatest of ease. Flight Simulator provides Hours of good entertainment leaving you with some real life knowledge about Flight. If you want FSX for just fun or to get a lesson in the fundamentals of Flight expect hours of satisifaction. I'm working my way through the Game menu as it's listed, you can jump to almost any location and try your hand at the experience, FSX get's you in the air quick without boring instruction. I'd give it a 5 star rating for simulators and a 5 star rating for good entertainment."
76561198114234510,Recommended,314160,20010533,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,enkodonkor13,Well if it isnt the best steam product out there.
,Recommended,314160,20075396,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr Jay Aytch,"One of the best simulation games out there, period. (I've more than 2000 hours in the original retail version of the game)It has been around for many years now but that shouldn't put you off. If you love flying, helicopters, planes or anything else remotely close to an airport you'll enjoy this game. There are many bugs in this game, it always had them. However, since this is the ""new"" Steam edition of the game things have changed and really annoying bugs have been removed. Missions are fun but can be frustrating when objectives don't get completed or specific locations are extremely close to buildings which seems to have invisible extended walls (bug or bad texture, who knows?) when you need to taxi close by.As a simulation game 10/10Missions and bugs included it totals to 8/10"
76561198042896964,Recommended,314160,26590570,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yogi,With a few add-Ons this thing turns into one hell of a simulator!
76561198181502885,Recommended,314160,33861774,Posted: 28 July,all,BrandonHarper36,Been playing this simulator since 2004 and i cant get enough its amazing what there is out there to make it a real world enviorment.
76561198130842465,Recommended,314160,29156510,Posted: 9 January,all,Wilhelm Winter,Nice game but hard to learn
76561198104511937,Recommended,314160,20019490,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SpawnCoopOmega,"In my opinion, this is an amazing game, but there are a few things that could change, in the future.1- Adding an AH-64D Apache2- Bell Huey3- B-29 Superfortress4- B-17 Stratosphere5- P-38 Lightning6- (add lots of helicopters, for available purchase, and available without purchase)If you really want to be a pilot, then this is the game for you!"
76561198005105812,Recommended,314160,17985564,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,CAT_life2,"Flight Simulator 10 is an odd duck of a game to be sure. I feel some days it is not as much a game but an operating system. The potential is one of the allures to the game, some days it feels like it is as close as you can get to real world flying and have fun doing it. I own X plane 7 and 9 do not want to argue about realism.  X plane is the cheapest wind tunnel you can buy it can simulate planes that do not exist yet and can do things by the numbers, It is technically better a better simulator, so why not just fly X plane?  I have never been able to completely switch over because Flight Simulator feels more fun.X Plane uses a Blade element theory to figure out flight.  Lift is simulated by flowing virtual air over an approximation of a virtual wing. This is very good, the feeling of lift and interaction of lift and balance of a plane is well represented. If you design a new plane and want to sort of know if it works you can. It falls short where there are odd drag or flow interactions on a plane that make the perfect math model not match the real world.Flight Simulator 10 uses Table lookup so the planes are more of a grab bag. They only can simulate the Data and are only as good as the Data in the table. Some mod planes all feel the same because they don't have the flight model they deserve. It is cheaper to calculate the plane this way computer wise.  It has fun multiplayer and with a good plane it is wonderful. If I were to start today I would buy FSX 10 and the A2A piper cubhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/360080/and a Joystick, and have fun.Flight Simulator is not a trouble free game; it is much better as the steam edition then the boxed version of the past. All problems are solvable with some reading, and people are usually nice and knowledgeable. I needed to install the Orbx Felts field and had an error of missing building tops  I needed to write into a forum to get an answer, and it has been patched, but sometimes things don’t always work as you would expect them. I have had good luck with windows 10 no real errors or crashes when flying. I found if when I am choosing a flight and click out of the game window and start looking stuff up on line or starting other programs it will get mad at me and crash. It is a far cry from the boxed edition when I would save on a schedule so I didn’t have to start the flight over from the beginning and crash at the same spot. As long as the crashes are just in the menu and only because I am trying to multitask I can live with that. I also hope with continued development we will see 64-bit version in the future.If you want to shoot down stuff, have latest technology or have a very short attention span then this game is not for you. If you love learning new things, detail, tinkering, flying, messing with how computers and graphics work, moding, or honing a skill this could be the game for you.I own but not the steam version of the A2A cub so I can’t review it on steam, but you can paddle it out on a lake and prop start it like a world war I plane and it is just fun. A2A is one of the best companys out there for DLC for FSX please support them. Can’t recommend the plane enough hope to see more Orbx and A2A stuff on steam."
,Recommended,314160,28394666,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,#7,Best flight simulator yet.
,Recommended,314160,27582697,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fatoosy | Photoshop,10/10 VERY GOOD RECOMENDED
,Recommended,314160,15122666,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,stretch045,"Very good game. Am extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Dovetail that price gets reduced to $5 the day after I pay 30. Works good with windows 8.1 tho and most addons work, however a few issues installing but I almost always solve them within a day or two"
,Recommended,314160,28533014,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Anony Mous,"Ok, I'm going to list out the pros and cons of this game. First ai would like to say that this is a great game to start your flight simming, but you would want to move to something like P3D or X-plane when you want more advanced stuff.Pros:The whole world is mappedSounds are goodDecent physicstons of freewaregood flight schoolOk:Default aircraftDefault sceneryATCBad:OutdatedNewer airports are absent due to outdated mappingDefault aircraft could be bettermore for gamers than for serious simmers"
76561198065188667,Recommended,314160,29001791,Posted: 4 January,all,RATHERFASTWHITEMAN,"This Game is awesome but the DLC is a rip off, you can find plenty of free planes all over google,If you dont feel like pointlessly flying around landing from place to place  you can add fspassengers x to the game which will give you a company to run, where you deliver cargo and passengers, and have engine failures and rated flights of how well you handled each flight etc but it does cost £35everything you want in a flight simulator is all here, the full Monty"
,Recommended,314160,24100130,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,737.Capt,Yes i'm back with a POSITIVE review this time. The game's good but can use some improvements not much though. I rate it 8/10
,Recommended,314160,30879006,Posted: 1 April,all,sijoje,Great flight simulator. Would like an udtate to make it more 2017.
,Not Recommended,314160,22026803,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,victorczon,"I had it on CD before. I bought this simulator game on steam to be able to access it from any computer. But as I discoverd the ''Connect Direct ''funktion has been disable or not working. This mean that I have to play multiplayer through steam which make it almost inpossible to play with others that take aviation seriously, you will not be able to use ATC correctly. People will just fly through other players and ATC towers. This sucks. If you are a hardcore simmer dont buy this flightsim on steam before they have fixed the 'Connect Direct' Funktion!"
,Recommended,314160,20124859,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Manakahofski,"I reccomend using a controller if your getting this, keyboards hard to use in my opinion. Thiers no fine controll"
76561198079066728,Recommended,314160,16071651,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sergeant Ameer,"This steam edition is so much better then previous FSX, everything in the game is better. I highly recommend this game for those who likes aviation. :)"
76561198128521326,Recommended,314160,24198924,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Leic,deadly
76561198134981091,Recommended,314160,26195917,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Train12361,"I have recently brought this game, after many years playing on the disc version, and I am very impressed so far! The frame rate - and general optimisation - are both a lot better than the disc version."
76561198370781144,Recommended,314160,34916252,Posted: 13 September,all,spitfirepilot19,"Probably the best Flight Simulator on the market. Unlike games like Xplane, you can use ANY USB controller/joystick you want, plug in as many as you want (As long as you have the amount of ports, that is) and you can add stuff like radio stacks and even a hardware GPS. I dismantled an old joystick and used a potentiometer (axis) from it for homemade rudder pedals and I was able to easily program it to work as a rudder control, REALLY EASY! The missions are also a lot of fun too, with Tutorials and challenges. The Multiplayer is awesome (Apart from the microphone support, which isn't too good), you can fly with other players and do so much fun things! I highly recommend this game to any Flight Simulator/Aviation enthusiast, airplanes or helicopters.-Spitfirepilot19"
76561197983139797,Recommended,314160,13442486,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Flakmagnet,"I was pleased to hear this game was coming to steam. I have had the boxed versions for many years, and logged many hours, but have not played it in a long while. Being a real pilot and instructor I reverted to Xplane for most of my simming, but was looking forward to FSX again once I heard that it was coming to steam. I downloaded it and popped it onto my laptop, it ran smooth and i was able to max out all the graphic settings and it worked fine. I took a quick flight in a couple of my old favorite planes and flew around abit and shot an approach. Ran great and looked just as how I remembered it. One thing that I like in Mircosoft vs. Xplane is the ATC system and it was working just as I remembered. Bottom line just Great Fun!!! and at the current hoiliday sale price it would be a crime to pass it up. I do prefer Xplane a little more, but they are both great and have slightly different advantages and disadvantages, I enjoy having both.FSX is just plain fun and runs great! I recommend it to anybody that likes airplanes, flying and aviation!  I am glad that I bought the game...........again!"
,Recommended,314160,13447354,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Derpmau,"Wow! I wasn't expecting this to be released any time soon on steam. I was aware that earlier in the year Dovetail was going to publish this as a Steam edition version, but I definitley didn't expect it to come out day 1 of the Winter sale and for 5 dollars on sale (25 USD regular). There was a time I felt like a few months ago that it would be great to finally actually own a legit copy of the sim I spent so much time on - but boxed versions on Amazon were becoming increasingly rare and expensive. Now, I'm happy I can have this forever through a decent game client. Yes!!Just to set some things clear, I've spent tons of hours in the non steam version of FSX: Acceleration. I switched to, and now own Prepar3d V2 Academic a few months ago (basically FSX but optimized as much as possible for DX11 features and some other tweaks to that effect) and a variety of addons. I still think P3D is probably the best you can get for a modern 2014 PC if you want the FSX experience, being as it gets frequent performance updates and has DX11 lighting, etc - but it isn't on Steam, and is 50 dollars for an academic license. There is also the somewhat large issue that most of the FSX addons either don't work in P3D, have some kind of yakety way of overcoming that, or are just flat out not compatible with P3D. So what do you do if you want modern performance enhancements, but want to use your addons?Enter the Steam Edition. Reading the changelog of the SE version, you can see that Dovetail has taken the best fixes and tweaks that flight simmers have analyzed and tinkered with tooth and nail since 2006 to get the sim working well and incorporated it into FSX. If you enjoy doing .cfg tweaks; you still can, but the workload is much less to worry about if you're just wanting to hop in and fly in regards to performance. the HIGHMEMFIX entry, the uiautomationcore.dll, all of that stuff is a part of this package. Anyone who frequently installed or messed with FSX Accel would know all too well about these ""annoyances"" (in my opinion) and would be happy that they're finally here by default.I cannot speak high enough of the sim. The only thing that I never really liked was the infinite tweaking I had to do to get blurry textures to load faster, frame rate to become stable, and the dozens of frame limiting programs and graphic card tweaking I had to do to get an extra frame or so - all recommended by people who were in no way involved in the actual development process. For the longest time, this sim has had to stand on the legs of the community propping it up - which in itself isn't a bad thing at all - just a very slow and tedious way of improving the sim as much as possible, which in my opinion could have happened a lot faster if the original dev team supporting it were still around. Is this sim now so well optimized that you no longer need to tweak? Probably not, but this edition is about half the battle already.To wrap this recommendation up, the things I'm most happy/sad about in this edition are:The long known optimization tweaks being implemented as standard, the newer splash screen, the multiplayer coming back (it was so sad when the boxed version's multiplayer died :'[ ) The real world Jeppensen weather feature now back and able to download for real weather anywhere in the world, and the Steam integration. I can also use REX Natural ENB with this without errors. The negative? Some of my FSX addons as of SE release still do not work with this edition. It is unknown to me why. Texture replacers like REX seem to work fine, but weather engines like my copy of ASN do not. It tells me SimConnect isn't installed when you do in fact install it as a first step of the installation of the sim. Uninstalling and re-installing seem to do nothing. ASN is a weather injector that is highly dynamic, similar to OPUS and the REX weather engine. I use it for P3D, but my purchase also has an FSX version as well - which as stated has these problems. It would be an issue if they had not revived the Jeppensen weather downloader in the sim, which is fine for now, but I'd rather like to use my own weather engine!All in all, P3Dv2 will still be my main simulator, without a doubt. My Orbx addons are there, my aircraft addons are there, ASN works there, and my REX4 HD textures are compatible there. The lighting is better optimized in DX11, and the scenery, performance and frame rate are consistent. The FSX SE brings back multiplayer, FSX only addons, and some under the hood tweaks that have made it function at an acceptable level again - and that, I think is worth sticking around for."
,Recommended,314160,29054564,Posted: 6 January,all,✪ Fairooz,"Great game, maybe an update which would increase graphics performance would help. Some textures don't load either or take a while to load, some minor bugs are there as well, but great game overall."
,Recommended,314160,31589408,Posted: 6 May,all,Keremkurt61,Good old game
76561198041730082,Recommended,314160,15079261,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,StolenRocket,Flight simulator goes on sale now? Well... This is awkward.
,Recommended,314160,30713370,Posted: 24 March,all,quinton.royal,My piloting skills made me cause 9/11 again.10/10
,Recommended,314160,15212123,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PapiwA,"Very fun to play!Many crafts to fly, including commercial and military,even a glidercyclething!Plug in your Pilot Joystick or XBox Controller, and take to the skies in a virtual reality-like cockpit, while Microsoft handles the technical quirks."
76561198026015046,Recommended,314160,13943762,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,PeppersGhost,"Just get it and fly, this should not be missing from your game library if you like flying...The basic aircraft pack is pretty diverse, don't expect great cockpit graphics but there is alot to find on the web that is for free.."
,Recommended,314160,17055058,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ColonelBishop,"GoodI previously play FS2004 on my laptop, with many add-ons installed (REX, AI Traffic, etc) and it runs at 50-60 fps, Later when I tried to switch to FSX it lags really bad, without any add-ons I was running at around 15-20 fps. I tried many optimization guide on the web and none works for me. My laptop isn't very powerful as it only got a AMD A10-5750m CPU, and Radeon 8670m GPU. At the time, I gave up on FSX, and sticks to FS 2004, as I thought my system isn't powerful enough for FSX. Couple of months later, FSX:SE was launched and I read many reviews on the web stating that it really improved stabilty and FPS (not by a very large margin, the reviewers said). At first i'm not really interested in acquiring the Steam Edition, since I thought my laptop isn't powerful enough for FSX, but then FSX:SE goes on sale for around $2-$3, and I decided to give it a shot. I launched the game for the first time, and surprisingly, none of the lag issue I encountered before was gone. I got a good 50 fps, without any add-ons, and even after installing many add-ons such as ORBX, REX, and AI Traffics I still get around 40 fps, with occasional drop to 20 fps, when i'm flying near third party airport, with many AI Traffics. The only optimization I did was changing the Affinity Mask on fsx.cfg. I'm really happy that FSX Steam Edition works well for me."
76561198172365067,Recommended,314160,26057059,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Arttust,It is good.
76561197999466014,Recommended,314160,33730948,Posted: 22 July,all,katj,Screenshot simulator.9/11
,Recommended,314160,18332668,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,beastgamer555,This is i bet the real as it can get THIS GAME RULES!!!!!!
,Recommended,314160,23400761,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rivet,Great game. Expect to spend way more money than base package on scenery's and aircraft.... worth every penny
76561198025478012,Not Recommended,314160,31575454,Posted: 6 May,all,mw3haha,"This game has a very special place in my heart, but it's so terribly optimzed for powerful PCs these days. I can run virtual reality with an Oculus in Lockheed Martin's Prepar3D virtual cockpit, with no problems at all!I can only reach like 10fps in FSX, even with moderately-low graphics, on the same PC.This game is ""re-mastered"" from 2006, but it really just seems like a marketing ploy to get it selling again. Very dissapointing. I will be happy to change my review though when this game can actually be played in an immersive way!"
,Not Recommended,314160,22270244,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Colaflaske,"I want a refund.Yes, an awful way to start a review, but really, this bug-riddled version of the otherwise excellent simulator is just bad.In the last couple of months, I've had one ""successful"" flight. I say successful, it did end with the game crashing when I reached cruise altitude, but heck, I got to take off at least.If you want to experience top notch bug searching, self patching and painful bad-review writing, then this IS the game for you. Otherwise I would recommend PREPAR3D over this any day. Now I totally regret buying PMDG for the Steam Edition.Also, the support for this game is pretty good, but when there's no error logs or anything other than ""Application Hang"" - Yes I know game, please give me more information. - Then it's to no avail.DO NOT BUY."
76561198007698602,Recommended,314160,30629150,Posted: 19 March,all,Person012345,"It's FSX, what more can I say. I haven't had any of the crashing issues people have mentioned, it's not the best optimised game in the world because again, it's FSX, and one misconception I kept seeing in the negative reviews was that planes already begin started. It baffles me how people can leave a review without even putting in the time to get to learn the basics of the game or maybe googling it, but if you want a cold start with everything shut down, start the flight, shut everything down manually and save the flight as the default flight. When you start another flight, everything will be off.It is what it is. It's FSX, but on steam and, at least for me, everything works."
76561198066200432,Not Recommended,314160,14044952,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Judgemental,"I hate this game right now. I'm sure this would be a great game if I owned the correct joystick, but using a keyboard and mouse just doesn't cut it for this game, all the movements are jolty and almost impossible to use. I was excited to try flying these planes but its way too bad without the joystick. I am also sure that with much much practice this can all be overcome, but for a beginner it's just frustrating"
,Recommended,314160,14235430,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Thesroth,"The game seems to have improved in some respects, although former. But continues with sudden drops frames when there are many details in the scenario. This occurs even if you have a high performance PC.Since this is a game for those who really like simulation.Worth buying, but has a lot to improve until a definitive flight simulator of this new generation.It's good in some respects, but disappointed in others.My assessment is a 7/10."
,Recommended,314160,31531891,Posted: 3 May,all,-UrbanOzzy-,"RETARD, RETARD 9/11 Would love to get called Retard again!"
76561198108786812,Not Recommended,314160,14642466,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,carsonharrell,"I was never able to start the game. The developer and Steam are no help. Searching Google offered no help. I tried on two Windows 7 pcs. I get the ""Direct X 9 install error"" everytime.  Buy this at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,314160,22020011,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,(CEL) ATOM,"dont waste your money :(2 h play and boring -_-i dont like it , it is up to u if you waana make a shot and buy itsuggestion : dont download it even if it was for free"
,Not Recommended,314160,14073490,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,mike.hazzledine,"best flight sim out there, and yes ive got them all its the smoothest."
76561198080455499,Not Recommended,314160,14551790,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LILPUMP - csgoroll.com,"this game sucks. The graphics are terrible and the gameplay is extremely boring. Also, if you don't have a joystick don't even  try playing because it's impossible to control the plane with your keyboard and you need to click stuff with the mouse. Not to metion it crashes every time I try to cange the simulation speed deleting all my previous flying. I want my hard earned $25 back. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,314160,14020755,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Syberspace,does not run without admin privileges? what the actual ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,314160,14474287,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,inactionjackson,"this is a nightmare to use. I can not get sound working at all, I had to do all kinds of work arounds to get trackIR and my HOTAS working. And, it is missing all the important settings you need to have a decent experience. This sim was not ready to be re-released. I assumed they at least made it compatible with modern controls and hardware, but they haven't. In it's current state I would not recommend this to anyone, unless you are using a 10 year old PC with a basic 1-plug joystic. The fact that it can't even play sound through my USB headset is absurd. Wish I never re-bought this, the disc version worked great back when it was new, this is just a huge dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,314160,14307004,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Shadowhenge,"after all this time it is still a pain in the rear to setup your cockpit on multiple monitors and have it display correctly.  Why can no sim get this simple concept correct?  I have 6 monitors... 3 for scenery and 3 for the full cockpit dashboard.let us assign the screens and keep them that way every time we start the darned game!!!!EDIT 1: so I played around with it for longer.  The screens are still hard to get working right.  The DLC is too expensive. .... otherwise it's not so bad.  I still have not played with the ATC sim part or online play but the current issues with immersion are more important than playing with ATC controllers that may or may not know protocols.  Stay tuned.EDIT 2: Holy Mega-charge DLC! There's already 19 expansion packs all at asinine prices. Such a shame Microsoft sold this to such a POS company. I could see if expansions were a few dollars each or so, or had bundles... if you want to know where this game is headed just check out train simulator... hundreds of DLC's for about $4000+ USD. All for crappy content (but the only content that will work right in this buggy platform.) Don;t support this company, please. They take things that would be awesome for the community and put them squarely on the shelf of the few people stupid enough to shell out thousands of dollars for half-rear content."
,Recommended,314160,30169646,Posted: 25 February,all,sparatikus,Really good!
76561198263754229,Recommended,314160,21139615,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RACER,"This game is a wonderful upgrade from the boxed version of flight simulator! It includes new aircraft such as the Grumman Goose, the FA-18 Hornet, and the STOL Maul. I have noticed that the frame rates are better than the old version of FSX. And the last thing would be that Steam makes it so easy to download and install Add-ons with a click of a button!"
76561198107068012,Not Recommended,314160,32646574,Posted: 22 June,all,ard0380,"Totally Unsatisfactory.  When I tried to load a simple C-172 I got stuck in a loop with something called Dovetail.  It wouldn't work, but the screen wouldn't go away.  I finally got  into the cockpit (notice how I didn't say I got it working) and there was a nice window where the attituce indicator should be.  Folks, don't waste your money.  Steam you should be ashamed."
,Not Recommended,314160,22006055,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Hatronic,The Graphics are terrible and its really laggy
,Not Recommended,314160,14062851,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MyNameJeff,DO NOT BUY IT. BUY THE CD VERSION. this game has a DRM and you MUST be on the internet. I have no internet right now and i cant play because they put a DRM on this game. This game is also very buggy and unoptimized. No mods what do ever. Multiplayer is very laggy and no servers are present. If you want the game with mods and with no DRM buy the CD version on Ebay or on amazon. Screw you Developers for making this game DRM.
,Not Recommended,314160,14121797,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Sk0rch,-This is just a simple review of what i have learned about this game in about 5 hours-MSFX is a very fun game for flying around and learning a bit about flying planes. Although it is extremely difficult without a joystick and has hundreds of controls.Pros:Heaps and heaps of airportsCool planesVery realisticCons:Super buggySo many controls that some controls are  like (control + shift + g)3.5/10
,Recommended,314160,29895293,Posted: 13 February,all,The Long Sniper,This is the BEST game i have ever played
,Recommended,314160,13437106,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TechnicalMage,"Much more stable than the original FSX. Deleted my old FSX for this AWESOME version!The nostalgia hits me hard lol. So far all my addons are compatible and tweaking some minor things for the best performance but other than that. It's running like a dream at 60FPS on my system!My Specs:Windows 8.1 Pro X64 EditionUsing an X52 Pro Flight HOTASIntel Core i5 2500K @ 4.5GHz250GB 840 EVO SSD (Demanding programs)1TB Caviar Black HDD (Non-demanding programs)500GB Caviar Blue HDD (Storage)8GB RAM @ 1600MHzNVIDIA GTX 760 2GB GDDR5 PCI-E @ 1920x1080x32At the end of the day, I hope to see continued development for our beloved simulator. I can't wait to see what else Dovetail Games comes up with now. Thanks a lot for helping revive our dream of flight!FSUIPC is now compatible so most addons should work!10/10 or should I say X/X!! :)"
,Recommended,314160,13557162,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sydney,"How to play olympic flight simulator:1) Connect to multiplayer2) Choose a server with between 200-400 ping (preferably hosted in Australia)3) Choose a Boeing 747 for its agile movements4) Go to the airport ""Alan's"" in Carolina5) Line up on the runway (use housing estates nearby if necessary)6) First one to circle the airport and land on Alan's big long strip wins a free cash prize10/10 would Alan again"
,Recommended,314160,28491559,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[ZDGK]R34P3R,"I've owned this game for quite a while, and it is absolutely brilliant!"
76561198144665296,Not Recommended,314160,34462289,Posted: 24 August,all,Pvt. J. Fahmah [1st MRB],"DO NOT GET THIS............. Listen I LOVE FSX but holy crap this version sucks. All of my friends are having issues with it as well. Crashes, runway textures are bull****, does not come like the hard disc version. Yeah, sure you can buy a lot of add-ons but it is NOT worth it. I should have kept my hard copy. The only reason I got this was so we could play online. BUT it is worthless and a HUGE waste of $25........... After reinstalling 4x and spending a huge amount of time trying to play with the settings.. It does not work (I played with all the settings turned all the way up with my hard disc version with no issues). This couldnt pull up any 2D cockpit views, no knee board, no GPS, ect..... I'm super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about this. Total upset"
,Not Recommended,314160,28158662,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Auburok,"Very poor Steam integration, very buggy, exceptionally poor preformance on high end hardware on Windows 10."
,Not Recommended,314160,28741484,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,gta iv86 {悲しく惨め},literally a buggy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥for smt so pricey and old they should have fixed it by now would not reccomend to others
76561198079565856,Not Recommended,314160,31957466,Posted: 25 May,all,jaydee_007,"Dovetail suport SUCKS!I entered a complaint that I cannot load the game ONE WEEK ago - it is still UNASSIGNED!I read the Advertisment before purchasing Flight Simularor X Steam Edition.It said;System RequirementsMINIMUM:OS: Windows® XP Service Pack 2 or laterProcessor: 2.0 Ghz or higher (single core)Memory: 2 GB RAMGraphics: DirectX®9 compliant video card or greater, 256 MB video RAM or higher, Shader Model 1.1 or higher (Laptop versions of these chipsets may work but are not supported. Updates to your video and sound card drivers may be required)DirectX: Version 9.0cNetwork: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 30 GB available spaceAdditional Notes: Broadband internet connection required for multiplayer featuresCompare that to My System that Meets or Exceeds Every listed requirment;My SystemOS: Windows 10Processor: Intel Core i7-6800K Broadwell-E 6-Core 3.4 GHz LGA 2011-v3 140W BX80671I76800K ProcessorMemory: 64 GB RAMGraphics: SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 480 100406NT+8GOCL 8GB 256-Bit GDDR5 PCI Express 3.0 x16 HDCP Ready Video Card (compatible with DiectX 12 Shader Model 5.1)Network: RNX-AC1900PCE, Dual Band Wireless AC1900 Wi-Fi Adapter, IEEE802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Up to 1300 Mbps (5.0 GHz)Storage: 2.2 Terabytes availableAnd Yet, I get the following message;Error Message:Invalid Hardware or Driver DetectedThis graphics card does not meet the minimum requirements for shader support. This product requires a gForce3/Radeon8500 class or better graphics card.Flight Simulator will now exit.So, if anyone can show me where I FAILED to see that important Requirement before purchasing I'll concede that Dovetail isn't totally Deficient in their Customer Support.Otherwise - Dovetails Customer Support Sucks!"
,Not Recommended,314160,22466993,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sagan,"The game use to work before I upgraded to Windows 10, now it crashes whenever I try to start the game after setting up a flight plan. Friend was flying from San Diego to Denver, wanted to sim the flight. Tried to start the flight 1 hour before they boarded, troubled shooted the game, spent hours searching google for error codes and trying various fixes. My friend just landed and I still can't get the game to run. Screw it! I'm done. Shame, Flight Simulator is one of the few games I consistently come back to.FSX has been shaky for a while, it's clear the new devs aren't very competent, during my searching for a fix it seems like this game has all sorts of little issues that it shouldn't be having. It's clear the devs got this barely working on Steam so they could pump out over priced DLC to hobbyists.Stop producing DLC's and polish your main product ffs."
,Not Recommended,314160,26741120,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,cyborg73x,"A buggy mess.I've had the oppurtunity to play the old 2004 version and aside from a minor loss in graphics the older releases were far superiour. They had excellent tutorials that made it feel like an actual training session and a very polished, bug free experience. The newer ones however have abominable tutorials, flown in a microlight with a monotonous instructor who isn't there to help you if you get into trouble. This version is very buggy and refuses to work properly in my dual monitor setup."
,Not Recommended,314160,18489084,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Munkie_[B],"I keep getting the error that Steam initialisation failed, so I can't even play it."
,Not Recommended,314160,29058408,Posted: 6 January,all,Cheese,"I really wanted to like this game, but after hours in menus and constant head aches I've finally decided to give up. The graphics are clearly dated, which isn't too much of an issue to me. What is, however, is the flight model. When I could get it working I never felt like I was actually flying a plane. In comparison to other current flight sims on steam I cannot see how MFS-X is honestly anything but a huge waste of money. Their add ons system is just absurd, even for flight sims. I under stand selling extras planes as dlc, thats okay. But ♥♥♥♥ing 3,000 in DLC and $25 for a ♥♥♥♥ing graphics update that was free a year ago, for an 11 year old game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flight model? No thanks.Do yourself a favor and Check out one of the IL-2 games (yes, even the oldest one, 1946, has a better flight model, graphics, and more planes, and its only like 5 bucks), or X-plane or DCS. They are all leaps and bounds ahead of this one. Unless you're a diehard MFS-x fan and don't have the steam edition yet, I strongly urge you to reconsider spending your money elsewhere.TL;DR: Don;t waste your money on this relic if you want a good flight sim"
76561198165580233,Recommended,314160,30629586,Posted: 19 March,all,coasterfan3001,Good game
76561198255565037,Recommended,314160,19007308,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,flacke,"I totally love FSX Steam Edition.  Very smooth running and I can use much higher settings than what I could on fsx-boxed original.The color and scenery is beautiful and I truly enjoy my long cross-country trips all over North America and the entire World.FSX Steam is a true bargain and as a long time flight-sim user I thank Steam team for offering us this much improved product for a fair price <S>  .  I am recommending FSX Steam to my friends, family, and flight-sim enthusiasts."
76561198143099025,Recommended,314160,16473938,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zach,ayyy its a good game
76561198030800972,Recommended,314160,13440643,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FallenAngel89,"Ok at the time of this review I have only played about 10 minutes, just some quick flying to check it out and I have to say this version is much more stable than the original version. I have the dvd version of FSX gold edition and even on my mid-highend system it lagged. However, the steam edition of FSX is stable with full graphics, full AI traffic.10/10A must have for a flying sim fan, and a must for MS: Flight Sim fans."
,Recommended,314160,13438921,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SQUANCHY,Loads of fun to fly with a friend. Performs better than the original FSX. 12/10 would fly again.
,Recommended,314160,28692143,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ole goofy,"Graphics aren't the best. Voice chat isn't the best. What IS the best? Seven-year-old ATC's telling you to land your A321 on a runway where a 747 is currently skidding off the runway onto the beach at TNCM. That's what's good about this game -- it's just fun. It's not very realistic unless you want it to be (payware addons, VATSIM, etc.), so use it however you want. Either way, it's good fun for young children who saw it on YouTube and avid enthusiasts alike. Highly recommend."
76561198015991088,Recommended,314160,30732494,Posted: 25 March,all,please dont shoot me,i spent ten minutes trying to use a helicopter and failed. i have no idea what i am doing! ten out of ten i might try mulitiplayer with a 747 to see how quickly one can learn to fly a jet for giggles
76561198239935964,Recommended,314160,24678000,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,harrykan0123,good
,Recommended,314160,23477500,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,aman202,I love flight and want to be a pilot. If you like planes you need this game. If you want to be a pilot it gives you a small ideal of what it is like. There is also so some great dlc. You need this game.
,Recommended,314160,24403546,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Deadly,"Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition is the answer to all of the problems Microsoft Flight Simulator X had. It fixed the random crashes and whilst it is still slow while loading (with addons), it is a great improvement on FSX Boxed Edition."
76561198124640534,Recommended,314160,15563868,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ben_Gorrie_,fantastic game should be avalible for steam workshop will it be brought out for it???
,Recommended,314160,23426970,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,UndeadHelix,"It is an excellent game, one of the most versatile flight simulators out there. My only gripe is that it is inherently unstable, and tends to crash. Today will be my third reinstall."
,Recommended,314160,18949407,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FREEZINGFIRE,"Do you like flying: CheckDo you have a nice computer: CheckShould you buy FSX: YESS!!!!!!!10/10: Recommended to people who love flying.edit: It was good at first, but now dovetail is just trying to milk the game (1,100$ worth of DLCs)"
,Recommended,314160,33002052,Posted: 29 June,all,Mario Tan,"Why I bought this game?1.airproud95 plays this2.Summer salelearned a lot playing this game, worth the money.50 40 30 20 retard retard retard"
,Recommended,314160,14872487,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Orange Juice,"good game after the PMDG 737ngx was updated for fsx steam, also the aerosof airbus A318/a318 and a320/a321"
,Recommended,314160,15104021,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CIV Wyatt,"Amazing game. if you like aircrafts, beuitful seenery learning codes and lots more than this is great for you. when my buddy was installing it i said "" when it installs it is like takeing the world (earth) and shrinking it. because it is the entire world. from UK to china and all over."
76561198121369045,Recommended,314160,15129861,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BloodmanGM,i played it once but then it kicked me out and yelled at me about the steam initialization
,Recommended,314160,21378880,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Guahos,"Positive Rate, Gear Up!"
,Recommended,314160,14078787,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Antesnov,"Despite the fact the current issues with compatability with feelThere, CLS, and PMDG, this has been, by far, the most looked forward to game on my time with Steam. I've waited so long to have such an out of date game be jolted back to life with realistic weather and crashing fixes. After a long day at the airport, I love how I can come home, sit on my desk, and start living a dream of mine, to be a pilot. Once the bugs are fixed with some of my payware stuff, this will be my top favorite Steam game, so get cracking, Dovetail! Thank you for bringing Flight Simulator X into a more stable system!"
76561198203110520,Recommended,314160,14252390,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KrizmoKiller12,the game is perfect and nice even online is better but the problem is fatal error and other errors while flying
76561197999314828,Recommended,314160,15105167,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,lmbrt_blly,how can i put  flight simulater x  add ons  from previos  flight x  software
76561197994497296,Recommended,314160,15134997,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mike,I'm playing MSFSX: Steam Edition with graphics maxed and not even a stutter at the busiest of airports. I could never have done this with my old box set! I AM ONE HAPPY FLIGHT SIMMER!!!
,Recommended,314160,14134162,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Daniel,aloha snackbar/10
,Recommended,314160,14200469,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,swiftlyanerd,ran out of fuel over the ocean 10/10
76561197962784240,Recommended,314160,14222056,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,flyingscampi,"I've been using Flight Simulator on and off since it was first released in the 80's. I recently built a new rig with Windows 8.1 and installed my boxed FSX Deluxe edition from scratch with all my add-ons. I kept getting CTD's however which I couldn't stop even with everything stripped away so I gave up. Then I saw that a Steam Edition had been released with the Acceleration pack and which was also rumoured to have been optimised for modern operating systems and hardware.Anyway, I stripped off the old FSX and installed Steam Edition and there are no more CTD's. It seems very smooth, even sitting in a PMDG 777 at a busy airport with lots of traffic. My old rig used to chug along at about 12fps but the new one is jammed at a limited 30fps (NVidia inspector setting).Whether it's my new rig (i5 750 to i5 4690K) or whether it's the Steam addition making the improvement in performance, I couldn't say, but I'm a happy bunny either way.There is also the possibility that more 'improvements' might be made to the code (within the bounds of DTG's license with Microsoft.)This is less than half the price of some of my add-ons so I'd recommend it to anyone setting up a new rig or having reliability problems with their current setup."
76561198014036486,Recommended,314160,14513174,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JayDog,"Thank you STEAM for hosting this simulator.I've been using this sim for years. It just keeps getting better.  Awesome views, modeling and game play. What a great way to relax and take in the sights. Fly from anywhere in the world to anywhere in the world. Many full HD destinations. Fly the stock planes or hundreds of aftermarket HD aircraft. Built in ATC or host your own ATC. The muliplayer play is perfect. You can fly with a simple setup or a multi-monitor full blown flight beast station.I would recommend this sim to everyone.  For all ages. A 10+ out of 10.Check out my page.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014036486/screenshots/Again, thank you Steam.JayP.S. Check out my pictures in my profile. Enjoy."
76561198106012990,Recommended,314160,14666976,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,da-pilot,good but.......crashes online
,Recommended,314160,14669712,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[DFS] Turdomino,"Vancouver Tower, this is Hornet 6-9. Can you tell those kids in the 747 to stop the micspam? How copy?A blast from the past. Revived multiplayer. improved performance. Other than addon incompatability and annoying kids in 747's and Hornets, by all means, get this game if aviation is your thing."
,Recommended,314160,14730455,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Andrew! ツ,"Add some new modern planes/ helicopters for a LOW PRICE or FREE DLC. it would be amazing for a phone app to shows my altitude , speed gps and other stuff live from my game other than that. A graphics update or DLC for ALL the wrolrd would be amazing.. other than thata 10/10"
,Recommended,314160,14812573,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,langdon_matthew,"Definitely worth the buy- I was fortunate enough to get this game soon after launch when it was significantly discounted, but even now it's worth the money.In essence, this is a straightforward port to Steam of the 2006 FSX release. It's had some internal tweaks such as improved texture rendering, better Windows 8.1 support and improved multicore optimization (meaning it runs better than the original FSX on the same PC hardware).Perhaps the biggest change here is the removal of the defunct Gamespy multiplayer mode, replaced with an all-new Steam online multiplayer. It now syncs with Steam social functions and servers, bringing FSX multiplayer back online for the first time in years. A welcome addition.At the moment of writing this there's a major glitch with the game which prevents it from opening when offline. There's a patch in the works due within a week or so (available as an open beta on Steam now) which fixes this, though.Overall, 9/10. Good update of FSX."
76561198149656347,Recommended,314160,14842707,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,n3treg,"This is one of my favorite games to chill with. I love picking an aircraft and practicing those perfect landings... Still to be perfected...  The scenery is great, as is the default livery, with lots of sites offering free addons.You need a decent video card and good memory to run this game to achieve a decent frame rate."
76561198129249229,Recommended,314160,14846700,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,stroblight24,AWESOME
,Recommended,314160,14852169,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AIR TOMAZOL,"I recomend this game. Great graphics and physx. easy to modify. I recomed this for beginners, because it is not that advanced that xplane 10 is for example."
76561198214288160,Recommended,314160,15110154,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DaRkShAdOwS123,can someone tell me whats wrong. when i press  on the game this thing pops up saying you need to load steam to play this game but the thing is steam is running. what should i do
,Recommended,314160,15120946,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,JetStream,"Two words: Buy Now!  100% More-than-satisfied.  I've had this game for years when the multiplayer was through GameSpy (long since disconnected) and was very disappointed when the multiplayer support closed.  MANY thanks to Steam for reviving this ""Great"" game.New flight simulators have been released since this program's release in 2006, but this is sill without-a-doubt the most comprehensive, realistic, customizable, and fun flight simulator through 03/2015.  There are also MANY websites that store mods for this game, just search and see what you can find!  Quality control of 3rd-party downloads is up to you though because there really is so much content ranging from airport layout and texture fixes to weather and surface vehicle customizations that noone could possibly check it all.  You can find aircraft as professionally made as the defaults, to crazy craft that defy every law of physics, (made to fit SciFi movies and TV shows of course!) ;-)This program helped fuel my passion for flying from the beginning, and I'm now a Certified Flight Instructor in Louisiana, USA.  Another real-life note, some flight training centers that have simulators capable of being used for actual logbook time have used this program.  Like I said, this ""Game"" is thorough and realistic (unless you fiddle with the settings alot.) ;-)"
,Recommended,314160,14004596,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Capercorn - Deadliest Weeaboo,"I've had FSX since shortly after it came out. It put a real strain on machines at the time. Being able to mess around in multiplayer was quite fun as well.Sadly, with the destruction of GameSpy, we weren't able to play online anymore. However, by integrating with Steamworks, all is right with the world once more. If you haven't picked this up before, and you have some flight sim hardware lying around, it's great fun. Pick it up."
,Recommended,314160,14104384,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ageos,Absolutely love this simulator. I've logged probably 200 hours of flight-time on FSX before it was added to Steam - and I still love it!
,Recommended,314160,14185324,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,KW Driver,"okay, so I have been using some version of MS Flight Simulator since 1984 when it was SubLogic's Flight Simulator II... fats forward 30 years, and I have been happily using my original copies of FSX Deluxe and Accelleration (both purchased in brick and mortar stores on their respective release dates)..I had long since weathered the fear of the community that supports this franchise falling apart after the closure of Aces (the developer at Microsoft Game Studios that made FSX)..  I laughed at the joke that was Microsoft Flight, and continued pouring countless hours and thousands of dollars into my humble hobby.. the came the announcement that Dovetail would be picking up the rights to sell FSX and it would be released on Steam...  at first, I thought ""well that is nice, maybe this thing isn't going to die after all.""  And so I have taken the plunge, and bought Steam Edition.. well, right off the word go, it was a hassle installing it beside my original boxed edition of the game, and so I went ahead and uninstalled the boxed edition, as I have my enormous library of add-ons stretched across 3 hard drives, and would have little to do i the way of reinstalling most of it, beyond some scenery library recompiles, and a couple of the payware aircraft with touchy DRM that would need fresh installs...  Here is where the trouble began... When FSX:SE runs, it is wonderfullyt smooth, and has little impact on my machine, exerting a modest 40-60% load on my CPU and 20-35% on the GPU and gracing me with 50-70FPS frame rates, but that is where the fun stops.. in the past week I have made a grand total of 2, yes just 2 landing.. out of 327 takeoffs at the time of this writing, the game has managed not to crash during a flight a grand total of TWICE.. now to give Dovetail a little credit, I have not contacted them directly for support, but in the discussion boards here are some very well known and respected developers in the 3rd party add-on community, and if they don't have answers (as it would professionally be in their interest, as well as Dovetail's) then Dovetail doesn't have answers either.. the 3rd Party add-ons are what made this franchise sustainable, and is the only thing that will keep it going, and if this game cannot currently run 3rd party add-ons without terrain.dll crashes and R6025 runtime errors then I think I'm going to have to go back to the boxed edition for a while...  I can only hope that Dovetail finds and corrects the problems quickly, but frankly this is an even worse release than the Battlefield 4 debacle from Electronic Arts.. Do I still recommend the game? Yes, as it is still the King of home based flight simulators.. but am I enthusiastic about it? no, not with the game as it currently stands, and hopefully Dovetailwill do a couple things: first of all, communicate with their customers.. all the rage on the discussion forums about the game not working will only scare potential customers away, so even if you have nothing to report, saying so makes it know that you do actually have a presence and are indeed working on it (especially important while people are screaming that the game doesn't work while you are still cranking out DLC titles), and second of all, communicate and work with the developers to find solutions.. just because you can't seem to figure out what is causing the crashes, maybe by giving the developer community an idea as to what you're looking at, they can find the solution in the process of making their products work on your platform..  this isn't a AAA release, the secrecy and cloak  & dagger nonsense isn't going to help anyone..."
,Recommended,314160,14261742,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,giosal,"It's an awesome game, I played it since it was first released by Microsoft. And it's reaaly nice to see Dovetail giving it a new life!It is very realistic simulator of flying with all the crashes, failures etc. available. But there are certain bugs, for instance, time is not displayed correctly:In Geneva, which is in GMT+1 time zone, time is always 2 hours ahead of UTC, though it should be like this only in summer (DST). Also in Tbilisi, which is GMT+4, time is also always only 2 hours ahead of UTC.Other than that I recommend this to everyone who wanrs to try out flying simulator"
76561198161540220,Recommended,314160,14573190,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BlackShadow,"I love this game its very nice in flying landing approaching and i reccomend it for begginers!!It might be the best with graphics but on my dictionary its a full-game,full or everything!!I have played fsx for about 5 years now and i think soon or later i can be a pretty good trainee when i enter flight school!!!"
76561198122529371,Recommended,314160,14289612,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dr. Cactus,"Engine Failure and control surface failure while trying to land on a runway in the Alps, plane started flying upside down right before landing, after touchdown my plane started skidding along the runway upside down and crashed into the air traffic control tower. Got a medal for landing10/10 best flight simulator ever"
76561198098958859,Recommended,314160,14487136,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,---|MPFC| MASTER Pilot---™,very good game with amazing grafics that dont lag
,Recommended,314160,14528461,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,NFMZ1,FSX is the best flight simout bar none. The fact that it is rereleased via steam is a win win. It gets out MP games back on and introduces it to a whole new audience. With aHUGE back catalog of addons and missions you can play FSX for years before running out of stuff to do. Now add new DLC and your set!! 10 out of 10
,Recommended,314160,14769039,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BaBuuBaBuu,I really love it.Please make more Airline Pilot missions.Thx.
,Recommended,314160,14922768,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Shox,"Its awesome, would like some more add ons :)"
76561198114766767,Recommended,314160,15111951,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[ST-LH] The Tiger (UK),it is very good
76561198121203225,Recommended,314160,15185690,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,creed,"Let me get straight to the point.I use Windows 8.1 so when I bought the boxed version of FSX it didn't turn out so well. It crashed all the time, low frame rates and lets just say it didn't suit my computer as its a very old game. After a while it went completely corrupt on my computer and I gave up all together. Then I bought X-plane 10 when it went on sale. It was alright. Then one day I saw FSX on sale for only £3.99 and thought to myself, hell I enjoyed FSX so much before so why not buy this and if it goes corrupt on me then its only just £3.99. Let me tell you one thing. It was the best decision I had made in a while. It took me about 35mins to download (its a big game around 10gb) and as soon as I put it on I could tell this was made for my computer. I have around 24 hours on it and never has it once crashed on me. The boxed version felt like it was made for a 10 year old computer but Dovetail have done a great job on this and now it works great on Windows 8.1. I even use the PMDG 737ngx on it and no crashes whatsoever. Downloadable content is bs but I don't really care about that not when there's so much 3rd party content out there.If you are hesitant to buy this after having a bad experience on the boxed version, especially if your on Windows 8/8.1, well be hesitant no more. Hopefully Dovetail will continue to work on this game and make it even better then it is now."
,Recommended,314160,14086056,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SMK Onkruid,Longtime MFS player great to see new FSX content from the new devs! Great Job.
76561198039576549,Recommended,314160,14092706,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,sgtswabbey,"Love this game. If you like planes and want fly them, then this is for you."
,Recommended,314160,14137185,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gryffindor,"I really, really enjoy the game."
76561198064391277,Recommended,314160,14459862,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,victor.dane,Love this game but it pisses me off when it crashes when i am mid flgith or mid mission.
76561198057790866,Recommended,314160,14582298,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jackswigert,"This was one of my first PC games I've ever played. Had no idea how to fly. Then I saw this and picked it up. Know I can fly the 737-800 With ease, and the propeller crafts."
76561198171085242,Recommended,314160,14630064,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,FIGHTERCAT1997,very good game!!! it supports third party addons like carenado and aerosim i have my settings turn down because my laptop is very old. still runs good. so it will run depending on your system =) i Highly recommend it!!!!
76561198085296461,Recommended,314160,14947136,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,rick.barker,"I'd never played Flight Simulator before purchasing this, I'd only ever played combst sims like DCS World and Falcon BMS.  I was happy to discover that there is a lot of in depth learning in FSX Steam Edition (if thats what you like - I do).  There is a good selection of standard planes included and as well as creating your own flights there are ready made missions which are good fun and a challenge to complete.  There is also an instructor course - a bit like flying lessons which I have found useful.  Like all Steam games it installed and ran without issue, also frame rate is good on a i5 system with GTX660 and 8GB RAM.I've purchased addtional scenery (ORBX) and one plane (A2A C182) and although they're not specifically desgined for FSX Steam Edition they both work fine with no install issues.  There were no Steam add ons at that time.If you'd like to have a go at learning to fly 'properly' or just for fun this is highly recommended!"
76561198095923365,Recommended,314160,15104722,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,steve.walton,"Wow, what can I say. Have been running fsx for years and even a top end pc could not have all the sliders maxed out. It used to be clunky and glitchy. Installed Steam version yesterday and was blown away. All sliders maxed out and still running at 70fps. All my addons seem to be working so far. Thanks Dovetail."
,Recommended,314160,14136359,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kill Switch,"This is still the FSX we all know have come to know and love. BUT...without any of the down sides! FPS is severely improved (about an 11 fps improvement ) from the original FSX, multiplayer is back (not many servers at the moment) which is obviously a good thing, there are already some really good servers with ATC's as well as pilots all working together and the outcome is an amazingly immersive flight sim experience.It is REX (real environment extreme) compatible and from what I understand most of the other FSX add-ons (planes, scenery and software) are also compatible. The massive frame dip that used to happen whenever rain was implemented in the sim has been scaled down quite a bit. It is still there but it’s now only about a 5-8 FPS dip but the game is still very playable and on higher end systems the dip will make no difference at all.The game has been re-worked so that it is more compatible with multi-core systems and high end graphics cards. I don't know all the new features what i do know is FSX has gotten the minor tweaks it so direly needed.Overall a massive improvement on FPS but still the same good old FSX"
,Recommended,314160,14147189,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,bennyman123abc,"A really good port of MSFX that also works on Windows 8, 8.1, and 10 :D"
76561198035125240,Recommended,314160,14162047,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Azzap,"i havent been playing this game as much as i usually do....no PMDG support, i made a MASSIVE mistake in changing from boxed to SE, i thought SE would have support for PMDG, its the same game but with a few little tweaks....so how the hell is PMDG products broken? fix this now!"
,Recommended,314160,14166379,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,L.R.G,"well, I am glad that there is finally a supported FSX in steam but i am really disappoint when lots of my planes like PMDG 777,737 and aerosoft airbus extended no working DAMN"
76561198149547596,Recommended,314160,14166968,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,w-bud,"It's a big learning curve, but holy crap it's fun!"
76561198079870594,Recommended,314160,14252905,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Odin,I love this game. Could be better if we had a workshop for planes etc... Please add more missions with commercial planes and maybe more tutorials for realistic flying eg.going through checklists on different planes. Great game and my first step to getting a real pilots license oneday!
,Recommended,314160,14260467,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Gaming Center- Will,This game is a true flying experiance. Do not let the bad reviews fool you (:
,Recommended,314160,14276560,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Prinsen,"FSX:SE works!Just to clarify that headline: I've had FSX (the original - not Steam Edition) for years and since W8 came out, FSX crashed all the time. And by all the time I mean litarally all the time. I could not make one short flight from airport to airport in Scandinavia without the game crashing. When FSX:SE (Steam Editidion) was released, I bought it to give it a try.Best decision in a long time!As of now I've had 8 hours without any chrashes or hickups. FSX:SE just works. 6 of the hours I've been flying aound was with the standard planes available in the simulator. 2 hours are with AerosoftsAirbus A320and even that works without any problems.Important:If you have the boxed version of FSX installed: uninstall it before installing this! I had some problems when I first tried the game with the boxed version installed on my computer.I love Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition!"
,Recommended,314160,14354327,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,johnpaulthesecond,One of the better flight simulators. This is difficult game.
76561198175989990,Recommended,314160,14582251,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,simonedonatoam,"The Game is great, It runs perfectly; I'm very happy they did such a good work. I just have a problem: when I try to end a flight or a mission the game gets closed and I loose every progress!!! What can I do?"
,Recommended,314160,14689335,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kryz,Great game it is good but the grafics are wonky. WHEN IS PMDG GOING TO WORK WITH sTAEM EDITION?
76561197994056134,Recommended,314160,14393270,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wookie,"Fun and addicting, keeps me entertained,  Very few flaws in the program.  Well worth the money."
76561198180851005,Recommended,314160,14637667,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,omnibrane,"On the main, the game has improved.minor issues need to be addressed. The aircraft with numbers are not visible past a certain distance.This problem did not exist on my old gold ed./ Accel .Some adjustments would be needed to correct this problem on Steam.A revision is needed to make the flying experience more natural.The total scenery must approximate closely to what the pilot sees.Can this be attended to in future revisions."
,Recommended,314160,14701526,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Trosty,"This has been for many years the premier Flight simulation software for the flight Sim enthusiast. It has a massive user base that consistantly provide professional add ons and materiel for this no longer supported Micro$oft game.You can do a search online or go to one of the multitude of online web sites to find excellent mission packs, planes, scenery updates and utilities to really 3enhance your flying experience. Lets also not forget the hardware items that you can purchase to further increase realism of your flight sim experience.Now that the Simulation has been taken over by Steam®, the early DLC's have been a little more than repeat sales of old mission packs and flight plans. Hopefully in the near future they will be able to provide additions that the flight sim community really want.  It is early days yet.However, even the standard flight sim provided by Steam is fully functional and able to provide many hours of Sim time, training and fun if that's what you are after.  I recommend it to every one."
76561198220243760,Recommended,314160,15128247,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ThinTrain,"I am not a pilot. I do like flying though.I saw this in the sale and couldn't really resist giving it a go, having had FS2000 many years ago.It does everything I want it to. It simulates flight, and it works! The tutorial missions were pretty useful, and while the ground textures don't specifically relate to the actual place you are flying, it's effective enough considering the majority of your time is spent at altitude.I bought a flightstick over the weekend too which works seamlessly with FSX (no more painful taxiing trying to do rudder control on the keyboard), and now I can cruise over North Korea to my hearts content. Bosh."
,Recommended,314160,15296492,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sleepDeprived,"This game is old and it is not that good as a standalone product. BUT with some great addons this will become really enjoyable. Things needed...- A weather addon- New ground textures- Some really good airplane addons, A2A is recommended.- Some airport addons.... without these the game isn't that good, to be honest.So, to get to the gritty nitty bits. If you are willing to buy addons (There are some really good free stuff too) then this game is recommended otherwise its not. Hopefully we will see alot more addons here on steam."
76561198183995791,Recommended,314160,15340800,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,CaptainRonald3,Hi
76561198080828615,Recommended,314160,14098863,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Captain Maya Pavlovna,wow its a realy nice game
76561198036101929,Recommended,314160,14101770,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[ßïg T] Teo,"Played thousands of hours on the disc version, love it even more on Steam."
76561198174542591,Recommended,314160,14140116,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,steveh2112,"it works great, no bugs at all but does not include the SDK and will not run many useful tools like fsrecorder or the orbx libsgreat if you don't want to expand its capabilities, but if you do, you need the gold version"
,Recommended,314160,14145204,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,paulskpt,"I bought FSX-SE on 24 of December 2014 because Steam sold it for a promocional price. I already owned FSX and FSX accelleration for some years. I wanted to see for my self if it was true what Steam wrote about the performance of the re-compiled FSX for Steam Edition. Until now I am very positive about the performance of FSX-SE. I also installed various add-on aircraft which I bought before for FSX and also ""Mega Airport Lisbon 2008"" scenery for FSX that I bought more than a year ago from Aerosoft. After following some good advices on Steam community as well as on internet, I now have these add-ons as well as FSUIPC4 and IVAO Ivap modules ""up and running"" within FSX-SE. I run FSX-SE in Windowed mode because I use three monitors. The middle monitor is in use for FSX-SE. The left for Navigation charts (usually within the Navigraph Maps app). On the monitor on the right I have usually Flightsim Commander (9.6) and Google Chrome Webbrowser with the IVAO WebEye page. Since XMAS 2014 I have flown various hours online on IVAO without any crashes of the apps. Before, when using MS FSX I had problems with frequent crashes of FSX and/or add-ons. All together: I am very satisfied with FSX Steam Edition. I recommand FSX Steam Edition it to you as I experienced it as a good maintenance version of FSX. I hope that Steam will go on for long time supporting and expanding FSX for Steam Edition. I don't know if I am able to but I want to upload some screenshots I made from an online flight with FSX-SE that I made yesterday. Paul (IVAO VID 177181)."
,Recommended,314160,14209272,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,WhatF*ckRP,"Spent 10 (or 20, I dont remember) dollars to buy the game.Then I have to spend 100 dollars to buy a control stick to play the game (unless you enjoy crashing on your very first tutorial mission).What a great game."
76561197971219001,Recommended,314160,14238663,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[BMD]BOSS,Large airplane DLC out only light aircraft will not come out DLC.
,Recommended,314160,14261577,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,💀bloaty-bones💀,"A million times better than the disc version; runs much smoother, Windows doesn't have to be in basic mode, online works much better"
,Recommended,314160,14322379,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,L@ZeRg20555,Best flight simualator game i've ever seen. 10/10
76561198001689535,Recommended,314160,14562805,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ll_nerd_ll,"It might still be a bit early for a review I think, But will still do this one based on the hours played so far.With my current system, I have seen less crashes with higher settings then the boxed version. I do run some addons that are freebies and after 5 hours or so I get the crash 99% of the time only because of the manual crew addon I have ( pressing a button to play a crew announcment ). Altho I have wanted to see actual people unloading my plane and people moving about as I have seen in videos. My current vid card supports shader 5.0 and the game says must support 2.0, and DX 10 mine handles DX 11. Now that still can be my vid card itself and my system configurations ( still working and testing those settings ) I did add the freeware and demo of Orbx ( the free airports and 2 ground stuff ) no issues at all with them.It is very nice to see that Dove Tail added some different planes / choppers to the mix vs the box version. And as I have ""only read"" fixing issues with windows 8 that the boxed version won't ever do.Something I have seen all over the reviews and forums is people saying 1 they crash all the time still and you can't play off line.The off line part yes would be nice to see them fix that for those that lose internet I have always been a hater to places like Steam for that one reason. I have lost my internet before and wanted to play a game I have been working on and can't because of no net connecton to verify. ( I haven't tried steam yet on this one... but I have another one that I can log in launch the game disconnet from the net play and exit and relaunch without the net connected like it stores the verifcation after first launch.) But off that rant lolCrashing durring play all the time well that can be tons of reasons with both gamer machines and store bought.As a RL computer person for many years here would be my questons for themWhat kind of comp are you using? do you have on board or extended graphics? how much stuff do you have running while playing ( that eats up resources )? In steams case how fast is your net connection? and have you tried game boosters?The number one thing I have come across over the years of the Internet is that people don't know how to properly clean thier computers. Computers I have come across have stuff running in the background and stuff you are unaware of that is distroying your system / internets performance. Along with programs running that are not needed during play.My ram ( 4 gigs ) runs with nothing open ( idle) at 13% and cpu is 0-5% right now having steams client open to do this review my ram is at 22% and cpu is 13% when I launch FSX either boxed or steam my ram goes to 44-56% and cpu 50-85% depending on what  graphics are loading. Without a game booster.Please don't take all that as being a smart butt or anything just trying to give people ideas of what could cause their issues. And I'm sure there will be people saying I'm wrong but we all have our opinion and experence.Hope my opinions and comments help people out.I give FSX - Steam 4 out of 5 stars after 22.9 hours played"
76561198178658383,Recommended,314160,14599454,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Soccerflyer12,its really fun and its a good version i would like if the made a military plane package though
76561198146786169,Recommended,314160,14667968,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Roast_Toast,"[Old review deleted cause it sucked]New Review:Here's the thing about my updated review. I recently finished building my gaming PC, which is a million times better than my old PC (specs below). On my old PC, the game looked like what it is... An MSoft game from 2006. On my new PC, it actually looks like a REAL GAME.Keep in mind while reading this that I purchased graphics enhancing DLC's.The textures for the ground, water, and buildings is very realistic. This is probably because I purchased the HD Textures and Airports DLC, but still. This game was originally released in '06. With graphics maxed out, it feels like you can ""see"" for miles. It's hard to believe 06 PC's could run this. Yeah, that's how good *most* of the graphics are. You occasionaly get texture errors, or tearing, when a building was placed inside another during development. Other than that, graphics look amazing, especially during dawn or dusk.The default aircraft are the originals from 2006. I didn't play the game back then, but I feel like the new devs may have improved them... The DLC's are decent, but my friends and I have experienced lots of crashing using the DLC aircraft. Animations and 3D cockpit on the inside look great no matter what you choose (other than the B747).If you want to buy this game and have it look good,  you're going to want a decent computer (see both my systems below). On my old one, the game performed like crap and looked like slightly less worse crap. My new system runs it at a steady average of 135 fps at maxed out graphics settings and 90% AI.Should you get this game? If you want a campaign, no. If you dream of being a pilot, or are one already, yes. If you want to crash fighter jets into cruise ships, definitely. Best of all, if you want to do group flights with friends, absolutely buy this game.Thanks for reading :)Old PC:Intel Core2 Duo E6550Cheap Dell motherboardGeForce GT 730 (awful, I know)8GB DDR2 RAM (cringe)New PC:Intel i7-6700k OC'd at 4.20 GhzAsus Z170-e motherboardEVGA GTX 950 SSC16GB DDR4 RAMThat alone should convince you to buy it."
76561198085287027,Recommended,314160,14786091,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hotsaucehoss,Just like flying.
76561198219187612,Recommended,314160,15017897,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Simonsim2015,Downloaded today. I have been a Boxed FSX uses for a few years now and I must say that the Steam addition at first look is very impressive. I have a low end computer and its working just fine with most of my settings at ultra high. The first most improvment is its stability ! Thumbs up from me !
76561197971415602,Recommended,314160,15064707,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,The Wanderer,"Leaves classic FSX in the dust, literaly, it's faster, smoother and with DX10 and DX10 Fixer, you have shadows and graphics to die for. I also have P3D, but, until they go to 64bit FSX SE is the flight sim of choice. The best thing since sliced bread?...Nope....Sliced bread doesn't come close!"
76561198066903915,Recommended,314160,14841715,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,euanford21,"Certainly worth the buy! This version seems slightly more optimized. For a simulator released in 2006, it still looks pretty amazing on the highest settings. This is a great simulator for those who want to start learning the basics of flight and maybe some slightly more advanced stuff. However, me being more experienced in aircraft flight, the controls in each of the aircraft are far too basic. Not enough controls for me to simulate a full on flight but to fix that, all i needed to do was buy a few aircraft from seperate developers for a more realistic and fun flying experience. There are some really good ones out there but no good free ones. Anyway, great simualtor, and for the price, you really can't go wrong. I hope Dovetail release a new Flight Simulator within the next few years, i'm certainly looking forward to it!"
76561198181061261,Recommended,314160,14920679,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,IDKBossy,I love the game by watching videos on it but I rate it 5 stars!!
76561197970558205,Recommended,314160,15120236,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Combine Squad Leader,"Runs  better than the original install.  I run Megasceneryearth 2.0 and with with the suggestions I found for adjusting the .cfg file and a couple of settings in FSX in runs stutter free  on my PC at 1920 by1080.  Old quad intel CPU, nvidia 980, and 8 gigs ram."
76561198118407813,Recommended,314160,15120806,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SukDaPeePee,Well only played this game for a hour and still learning new stuff... all i can say is some ppl play this game as if there actually there and some ppl well probably need to see a therapist... i was telling tower control if it was clear to land on multiplayer... he kept telling ppl to stay away from the water and not to fly so low... after repeadetly telling him if i could land.. all i hear are 4 ppl screaming ALLUH AKRBAR... lot of ppl died that day and i never got to land
,Recommended,314160,15129413,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The Chaoticly,Now I’ve had the boxed edition for a long time and when I saw the steam version the only reason I bought it was because I did get to play multiplayer on the BE due to gamespy closing.Here is my first hand expirance in my first few hours of FSX Multiplayer:1. I got rekt by an aircraft landing while I was taking off2. 12 year old ATC Controllers3. Terrorists4. …pigs?5. 50 Air Force One impersonators6. So many people asking for escorts7. Choppy micsBut all of that being said. FSX is one of the best Flight Sims out there and the multiplayer does offer a bit of a laugh. Definitely should buy this.
,Recommended,314160,15180865,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Canonical,"It has a learning curve and it's almost 10 years old which can really show when running vanilla, but with the right add-ons, this simulator can look and feel the most realistic of any sim out there."
76561197977341551,Recommended,314160,14630011,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,dogmai,"A really good flight simulator that runs incredibly smooth.  The realism is good, the stock aircraft are good quality, the entire world is flyable with some basic popular landmarks visible in those recognizable places. By adding in all the freeware aircraft that you can find to enjoy it enhances the fun, I'm just hoping for an HD update someday ..."
76561198168773367,Recommended,314160,14811423,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,joseluismendoza19,"I am writting about the Last Update for FSX Steam. it seemed to work just fine, but there some conflicts with the ORBX Products and the Object Flow, but I think that will will be solved Soon. I still keep getting craches on the game without no reason and I dont understand why"
,Recommended,314160,14922839,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,t.milhim,This game now is more stable than the othe editions and i didn't have any fetal errors :D
,Recommended,314160,14187124,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,RoyalCreator,"I love this game, I wish I could have my TacPack on it though, but still fun to play and roleplay!"
76561198035274782,Recommended,314160,14246404,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheBoeing144,A very good beginning to revamping a new genre to both new and old users.
,Recommended,314160,14875057,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Procrastinator Eric,"Im on the fence about this game, i have done over 400 hours of in game flying with it and i use mulltiple addons like orbx ftx vector and global, rex, uk2000, aerosoft, and airport sceneries and im overall impressed with how it has worked but the part i dont like is the issues it has sometimes, i have tried to use fsrecorder, and fsuipc and both failed with a .dll error on launch so over all i think its a good game but not really worth the upgrade unless you really need multiplayer for steam because you will need to reinstall all your addons, however if you are buying this as your first copy, i definetely recommend you get this version for the multiplayer"
76561198039048251,Recommended,314160,14065571,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DogifyerHero,good
,Recommended,314160,14221181,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Papivasi,"I was resisting the Steam Edition for the longest... my old disk version of FSX with acceleration worked great. Decided to install FSX SE tonight (just to try it out), and MAAAAN is it smooth. Basically, I'm migrating all my stuff from my old FSX setup right now. Currently running FSX SE in DX10 mode with Steve's DX10 fixer. Right now there is only one addon I am waiting for to work properly... Active Sky Next. Hopefully coming soon. Noticed that I can run ""sliders"" higher, or higher configs in the .cfg file than before."
76561198011313824,Recommended,314160,14223442,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kapustick,"This Steam Edition:  Somehow it has re-kindled my passion for sim flying.  I have purchased just about every MS FS version since the Commodore 128 days.  I would purchase each new version hoping for the best, but I would never play it after installing it.  It never ran smooth enough thoughout the years for me to enjoy it.  Even my Gold boxed Accelleration version has just sat on the shelf for the last few years since I bought it.I knew I was in for a lot of frustration trying to get FSX to work.  I spent the last month trying to do so.  All the reading...reinstallations...everything seemed to go wrong.  Then a few days ago, I was able to configure a stable running game.  It has all been worth it.This game has the backing of people/players each with over 6 years of experience and dedication to the FSX community.  Almost all the issues I ran into have already been addressed and the solutions posted on the web somewhere.  It's just a matter of searching on the web for suggested solutions to almost any problem.  I don't know how to thank the entire flight sim community and Dovetail for their contributions to this hobby - and making it accessible to people like me for the first time in 20 years.   I never had the finacial ability to purchase the hardware to make this game run smoothly; however, hardware has surpassed the requirements of the game to the point that I have the game running well enough to meet my expectations.  And...I am really excited.I hope there are many others that give FSX:SE a try and are able to enjoy it.  I would love to see the flight sim genre return with the passion it once had in the 90's.  Oh Lord...let there be flight."
,Recommended,314160,14259200,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,BruKn0ws,"Very good, just hoping they allow us to connect to a direct IP address soon."
76561197995293832,Recommended,314160,14286807,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,camaro_rs89,More of a toll than a game. I'm an actual pilot and i use it to keep proficent on instrument flying and to teach instruments to my students.
,Recommended,314160,14413784,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MrShinyPistol,games awesome but i guess when im not playing anything on steam it logs MSFSX hours so now i have 553 LOL XD
76561198035693413,Recommended,314160,14428737,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr.Liepold,"I never write reviews. loved FS2004. I bought FSX on disc a few years ago at bestbuy, but It would always crash to desktop. I was hesitant to purchase the game on steam but went ahead with it anyways. What ever was making it crash so much they fixed it on steam.  MS flight simulator is a great series. I do not regret my purchase!"
,Recommended,314160,14455679,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Khaki,"Highly recommended, this Steam Edition runs smoother and much more stable (no crashes yet!) than the old version. And no hassle installing service packs and whatnot.It just installs, runs, and doesn't crash. FINALLY!"
76561198006886660,Recommended,314160,14502799,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,cbunce322,I think this is the best flight sim ever and being on Steam makes it even better. Great
76561198327342891,Recommended,314160,26361852,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,naturephoto86,Best flight simulator on the market for the money.  I would only recommend buy this game on sale.
,Recommended,314160,15901426,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Benneth II,"I do recommend this game....IF YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER! Windows did not make  A keyboard version of this game. I cannot control this game! But if you do, this game is EPIC! you get to fly all around!"
,Recommended,314160,24050533,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SP-ZMS,"Well, I gonna be fair.I have been using boxed edition of FSX about 4 years. OOM's, crashes etc. - that was normal.Here?I am kind of surprised. No crashes so far after 60 hours. PMDG 777 and 737 is compatibile. Same A320, Dash 8 etc etc. Almost every addon is compatibile. MD-11 was quite tricky to install - but it's working.FSX Steam Edition is definitely worth - even more now when it's on summer sale.Much more better than boxed edition."
,Recommended,314160,26074938,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Yani,Good
76561198275616424,Recommended,314160,31511829,Posted: 2 May,all,retek.kecske,Great game!
,Not Recommended,314160,31469376,Posted: 30 April,all,Santa's Little Tumor,This game crashes constantly. I'm always in the middle of a flight when all of a sudden the game stops working.
76561198168362846,Recommended,314160,17596279,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Eddie back a shine,"This verry  Simulation aircraft fungtion for individualy.Studying long hour,education but fun and relaxing.The big money,Big Market,Busines bassed for addon but many freewere.pc low end hight end work with no one harmed."
76561198202231614,Recommended,314160,25671638,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mattmobes,"The game itself is pretty awesome, the graphics are amazing, doesnt make me lag at all. The only thing really bad about this is it lacks a good selection of aircraft, Ive flown every single one and kinda got bored of em, so I dont play as much as I used to. Other than that, great game!"
,Recommended,314160,13461677,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,PanAm747,brings me back memories really enjoyable game recommend it JUST GET IT
,Recommended,314160,23495154,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hypebeast,Rip multiplayer
76561198073418980,Recommended,314160,23607225,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Apple juice,"If you DO NOT know how to fly a real plane, do NOT get this game. I have a few friends who complained that they just wanted to take to the skies without actually learning to fly a plane. (P.S Get a joystick if you DO know how to fly a plane, the keyboard makes it a bit slower than a joystick!) Wish I could play this game more often"
,Recommended,314160,20384772,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,AJ/GAMING-57,i still cant fly and land even under auto pilot
,Recommended,314160,20462180,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rain,"♥♥♥♥ing hell, I can't even take off the runway.10/10"
,Recommended,314160,18335560,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Vloxy | Twitch,Awesome great similation game
,Recommended,314160,18970368,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Predator {UK_Massive},I have this game and it is great for people that love to fly.
76561198084321449,Recommended,314160,18846866,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,numberedjester,"Bought this a few months ago and have to say its not a dissapointment at all.The base game may look below standards today, but you have to remember its coming onto 10 years old. However there are plently of various add ons that change that. Since buying this I have bought several add ons and though some are a tad expensive, the change to the sim are worth it.There is quite a steep learning curve, especially if you decide to get one of the advanced aircraft. But its had to beat nailing a landing in bad weather :)The only downside to it is the fact that its showing its age and cannot use modern PC's to the full. I have had several instances of ""Out of memory"" errors when trying to run everything on ""High"". Other than that, if you like flight sims and you dont mind a challenge, go for it.Add ons-PMDG 737 NGX-PMDG 777-Aerosoft Airbus A318/A319/A320/A321-Alabeo DA42 TS-Carenado Phenom 100-Active Sky Next-ORBX Global-ORBX NI, England, Ireland-Uk 2000 Belfast Int, Heathrow, Manchester, Edinburgh, Luton, Jersey, Gatwick-Fly Tampa Dubai-Taxi2Gate Munich-Precipit FX (PMDG 737)-737 Immersion-Rex 4 Texture Direct with Soft Clouds-GSX-EzDok-FS2Crew (PMDG 737)"
,Recommended,314160,18621645,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,A Lone Potato,"Hey! I love the game, but I have nobody to play with! If anyone would like to play, add me on Steam!"
,Recommended,314160,20783764,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Fogel,"One of the best games on Steam!It can be a little buggy, but is very challenging."
76561198011202914,Recommended,314160,20056916,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dr. D.,"I have been flying the boxed version of FSX since about 2006. I have invested waaaayyyy too much money on add ons...DX10 FIXER, ORBX, A2A, CARENADO Planes, Vertigo Planes, UTX, FSPassengers, FSFLYING SCHOOL, REX, ACTIVE SKY NEXT....I was really leary of the claims that the Steam version was better than what I had achieved with a decent I7 950 @3 GHZ, NVIDIA GTX 770, 24 Gbs of ram machine. I was getting about 20-30 FPS...which is often meaningless...I sought smooth flying. Matt Davies's config simplification and NVIDIA inpspector config helped a lot. However, upgrading this week to the FSX Steam edition has been amazing. I have never seen FSX so smooth...Friday harbor in nasty winter fog and rain runs smooth. Seattle runs smooth. I am amazed at what Dovetail did. THANK YOU!"
76561198179737423,Recommended,314160,20755659,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,nims222,aWESOME SIMULATOR!!
,Recommended,314160,17689677,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,dingle dangle scarecrow,"Pros-Install a wide range of freeware aircraft , still high quality but some knobs not working but who cares the bird still flies-Friendly multiplayer community (not voice enabled cause if you step in it your ear wax will fall out to the amount of arguing and squeakers)-Decent stock airports, functional and interesting-ATC sounds like Stephen Hawking :D-My toaster can run it-Crashed into World Trade Center, didn't explode, crash settings off.-Game has great optimisation settingsCons-Getting some addons to work takes some computer skills and alot of time and patience (editing CFGs/tinkering with .MDL files)"
76561198168933704,Recommended,314160,17599514,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sepf,HI EVERYWONW PLZ SEND ME A FRIEND REQUEST  IF U HAVE FSX STEAM EDTION BECAUSE I WANT SOME FRIEND TO PLAY WITH
,Recommended,314160,19776924,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ben Demon,Good game i had play. Files size is 12Gb plus.
,Recommended,314160,20680336,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,PrototypeBayu48,"Buys the gameBecome a ""professional""One day flies on a real plane as a passenger onboard mh370volunteers to be a backup pilot when the captain and copilot died or smtdidnt know what do do so redirected the aircraft to the indian ocean and crashed itmade several countries spend millions just to find ur plane11/10 will make countries spend millions to find ur plane again"
76561198014463524,Recommended,314160,23652889,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,skybluerob,"The best 'game' I've ever played.Even though it originally came out in 2006, Flight Simulation X still holds up as a truly amazing simulator.   The Steam Edition has made improvements to the performance.The base simulator covers the entire globe, has flying lessons built in and also many missions to complete.A word of warning though, if you end up getting into flight simulation, it may end up costing you a lot more as there are some amazing addons to pick up.I'm a photoscenery fan, as I like to know that what I'm flying over is an exact replica of what I would see if I was really flying.  Plus it can be used to navigate accurately.If you're new to flight simulation, here are my recommendations, bearing in mind I'm a GA flyer:Firstly, buy the book FSX for Pilots- Real World Training.  It is the perfect way to learn how to fly using the simulator.Essential Addons:General:REXFS Global (preferably ultimate editions)Natural Tree Environment X - not essential but I like it.Accu-Feel - Makes the default planes feel more realistic.If you're not into photoscenery:FTX GlobalFTX VectorIf you prefer photoscenery, then it might not be worth getting the two FTX products, as your photo scenery will overwrite themUK Photoscenery:VFR Generation X v3Revolution X ( a criticism levelled at photoscenery, is that they can appear flat, however this adds loads of autogen andis fantastic).UK2000 UK airportsThese titles are amazing.  So realistic.USA PhotosceneryMegascenery EarthTreeLines (like Revolution X, but only includes trees.  Works well though)Night Environment for each state where available.Airplanes:The default ones are ok, but there are better ones out there.  For GA flying I love the A2A Piper.Traffic:Ultimate Traffic 2 is a good one.  Makes things a lot more interesting with other planes flying around.Finally, I recommend a decent PC to run it on, and a decent yoke and rudder pedals.  I use the Saitek products.You might want to try a few tweaks too.  I recommend Frooglesims youtube video called 'VLOG: How to get better FSX performance' and the tweaks referenced in the Megascenery manual.  Matt Smith is also a good user to watch youtube videos on.As I said, beware, because if you do get hooked, you may end up spending a lot (of time and money) on the hobby. Time and money very well spent though."
76561198347649472,Recommended,314160,29229516,Posted: 13 January,all,Wolfy™,GREAT AND REALISTIC SIMULATOR!I LOVE IT!DEFINETLY RECCOMENDING TO A FRIEND!
,Recommended,314160,26693229,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MattSaysBoom,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,314160,28416832,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,|Dr. Shandieman|,Made By Microsoft ~ Checkflying ~ CheckSimulation ~ CheckX ~ Don't know why it's thereSteam Edition ~ Check4/5GET IT IF YOU LOVE THOSE AT ELAST 2 OF THOSE THINGS...
,Recommended,314160,29407153,Posted: 21 January,all,Star Alliance,"One of the best flight simulaters I've played, before I played X-Plane9, it was a long time ago but I didn't like it very much, yet for me there is one  issue with the game. I download aircrafts from Simviation, yet any POSKY aircraft that I ever downloaded (mostly 747,767,777) had non functional front gear, it doesn't rotate at all, except for this issues I really recommned the game."
,Recommended,314160,26011653,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Count Count,Best role playing game of all time.
,Recommended,314160,24807431,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Peafowl,Very Good Simulation Game but for some reason it loads really long... Some of the downloadable contents are a little too expensive. But overall really good!
,Recommended,314160,26627810,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Flakes,U can FLY and MOD
,Recommended,314160,31676339,Posted: 10 May,all,Eternal Nepatuna,"I remember when this game came out in 2004. It was called Microsoft Flight Simulator Century of Flight Edition. This game here on steam is a renamed non-upgraded version of a game I loved when I was a kid. To anyone who is wanting to play this please be careful to not purchase the dlc, $3,000 worth of plane add ons but this game never goes on sale nor is there a workshop. I will only recommend this game based on my first impression when I was a kid when this came out waaay back and am a little biased becuase of that despite how it aged."
,Recommended,314160,26161118,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Hobojoesbrother,"Yeah, yeah it's good and whatever else makes up a good review."
,Recommended,314160,31201926,Posted: 17 April,all,you,I got my pilots licence because of this game
,Recommended,314160,19456505,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,nigro please,i flew to tokyo
76561198060556792,Recommended,314160,28752491,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,whale,supergame if you like flightsims
,Recommended,314160,27542900,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,G-BYVF,i love it the realism is amazing
,Recommended,314160,24839497,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sneepar,You can kys in a plane and not actually kys!kys
,Recommended,314160,19452186,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DDOS Tooel user,"This is the best game for Flight Simulation. Good graphics. I'm not even playing this on a Gaming computer! It's a Laptop. This is the best game...All the other simulators I've played, Train Simulator, Bus Simulator, Farm Simulator, Driving Simulator, and Surgeon Simulator, This is the best one yet! I can't think of anything else to say about this game. Keep up the good work! Hopefully another one comes outThings that make the game good:-Good Graphics-Cool Multiplayer Experiance-Cool Aircraft-The weatherI can't think of anything else to say about this game. Keep up the good work! Hopefully another one comes out"
76561198119814696,Recommended,314160,28719377,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ARRashwan,Just get the game. Dont even think about it twice. You will not regret it!
76561198048048796,Recommended,314160,29063335,Posted: 6 January,all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,314160,29771762,Posted: 7 February,all,Ronaldoz,"super awesome, but you want some add-ons, and they are kinda costly."
,Recommended,314160,13595372,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,-vG- TBEA,did anyone have the problem where you went to hit play and then you get a error that say steam must be running to play this game (steam instalion failed)
,Recommended,314160,14026035,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,AlvinTham,This is THE simulator to get if you want to do any realistic flight training!
76561198014434834,Recommended,314160,14191925,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Elder,"I owned the boxed FSX and couple of addons. Thumbs up for keeping the game alive after all these years and support it for new OS.About the game, the simulator out of the box, let's face it, is crap! without the serious addons such as PMDG, Vatsim, Orbx, ... etc the game is rated poor to mediocre and only targeting casual players. There is no actual complete simulation of Airbus and Boeing airplanes, you can't touch the overhead panel of the cockpit to play around with the butons to xfeed the fuel, shutdown damaged hydrolic pumps or extinguish the engine fire using the firing system. Nothing! you only control the navigation and couple of radios. The weather system is obsolete, the textures are old, the mesh is so low poly.Dovetail didn't understand how important addons are, they are only planning for kids missions of simple features and ignoring the players request to support the existing addons that kept the game alive for 8 years. You hardly find a FSX pilot using such old texture or simple airplanes unless he really doesn't care about playing the game.On the other hand, the addon developers such as PMDG and Aerosoft don't realize the potential of steam. They don't realize how steam is powerful in advertisment, promoting software and increase sales. They simply ignore actual integration by publishing their software as DLCs. Why are they expecting new players to figure out that there are cool addons if they can't be found on steam? A big question mark! The good addons are EUR70+ which is expensive not because they are really good and complicated but simply because they only target very few players. Using steam, they will target millions and the price will have to be reduced. A win win.It is a big mess. Both parties are only targeting the few thousands of loyal virtual pilots and missing the big picture of attracting millions of new players and make them more interested in buy this simulator.I'm not their marketing consultant but, I assume that eventually this lovely game will fade away in a couple of years. They have to reset their Barometer and pitch the nose up :)Until they sort it out, try to Google for FSX addons and you will realize how big FS universe is."
76561198069724514,Recommended,314160,14193439,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lars_therealboy,"This game is awesome and as soon as i saw it on steam it looked amazing. But... I do have a few problems with the game. First, the graphics arent anywhere close in quality to the screenshots even with every thing as high as they go. Second, I have only played the game for two hours at this point in time and the game has already crashed two times!!! Other than all that I highly recomend this game but hopefully they fix the crashing issue that im having."
,Recommended,314160,14199993,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,eheines14,Best civillian Flight Sim in history. Hard on framrates sometimes but otherwise kick♥♥♥♥♥ 9/10
,Recommended,314160,15251157,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,L.H,"Just got the game on sale for £9.99 and boy oh boy, this improves my performance by at least twice the amount from my fsx disc version, and i can even add fsx scenery and PMDG products into this with no issues, well done steam :)"
76561198197052928,Recommended,314160,15819253,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,fuc@ u,this game is very fun anf realistic if u get addons
76561198165594683,Recommended,314160,16525849,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,carterf456,Flight Simulator X is a great flying simuator for fans of this game type.
76561198148908500,Recommended,314160,16973524,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ŽraLek,The best game ever :D
76561198116246133,Recommended,314160,17538840,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sleeping dog,Very close to real. I have a friend that has been flying this game for 3 years. now I'm in. Planes' behaviour is natural.DLCs are too expensive even on sale.
,Recommended,314160,17634629,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Matt Does Things,"Amazing Game! Realistic, great flight modelling and all the airports in the world! I couldn't reccomend this game more. It used to run on low graphics on my Dual Core, 2GB RAM PC! X-Plane can't even run at 30 on low graphics on my Quad-Core A-10, 8GB RAM, nVidia GT 520 (Note: I had this graphics card in the old computer which blew up!)This game is marvellous on my new computer. Running 60fps without any hassle on HIGH settings. Not VERY HIGH because to be quite honest, without freeware or payware that iproves graphics, I can't really see any difference. I rate this game: Graphics (on a semi-decent PC) - 9/10 | Gameplay (with or without joystick) - 9/10 | Flight Modelling and Physics - 10/10 | Numberof Planes to start with - 8/10 (you only get around 8 planes with 12 variations of liveries!)"
,Recommended,314160,17653126,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Trogy | Truckers.FM,NiceI have had a ton of fun in this gamethis game is great for beginers to advanced pilotsThis is an awesome game so many features
,Recommended,314160,17990976,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SwippyOG ダニエル,Still untill now a good flight siulator.
76561198188073453,Recommended,314160,18088159,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,b.dennis,"Having been a flight sim fan since FS3.0, Flight Sim X is an superb addition to the Flight Sim family. The Steam Edition is very smooth and well tuned. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,314160,15405524,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SirAlex_Zwift,Great Flight Simulation with cheap price.
,Recommended,314160,16376329,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bczech,Ten years later this is still a great simulator. Get ready to kill hours and hours of free time flying around the world.
,Recommended,314160,17647111,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Javier Bardem,This game gives me the same boner that i had when i was 9 years old and playing on the disc version.420/69
,Recommended,314160,18142208,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,jt,You could ♥♥♥♥ing bush fly bud. alaskan bush simulator 2015!10/10
,Recommended,314160,15251236,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,n18hem,Yes yes yes Steam have made it better than Microsoft ever didFaster and smoother thanks guys
,Recommended,314160,16485498,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Baust 2 scoops,"If you're training to be a pilot this game is perfect, it has most of the airports in my city and most planes you would encounter on some of the airports."
76561198168888984,Recommended,314160,15265383,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,kapjadi,"Been playing this game for a long time and still enjoying it, and now it's on steam and still number one for me.And hoping for more changes and more add -ons to come.."
76561198137098087,Recommended,314160,15406629,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,ddp1984,"A Fantastic improvment over the old FSX boxed version, and now since the offline mode is now fixed (in recent Beta version,along with other improvments and updates). PMDG,A2A products in m opinion run more stable now.Thanks, Steam Team"
,Recommended,314160,17868801,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FlightSimGuy2014,Steam edition of this old franchise has breathed new life into Simming.  Love it.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,314160,15718157,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[GL] Adderall,If your an Aviation Junkie this is your game...
,Recommended,314160,13753977,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MarioDragon,"As far as a pick-it-up simulator goes, I still have a hard time suggesting any other Flight Simulator over this one. It comes with many planes and, unlike another simulator recently released, has an entire world full of airports. It's easy enough to find free airplanes online instead of paying $20 or more per plane, and as far as realism goes, it isn't that different for someone who isn't an aspiring or real pilot. I'm sure the hardcore among us (or those with normal vision who have the career available to them) could tell me all day what the differences are, but I myself don't care enough for that. There's a TON of flight help and learning tools available, and a ton of aspects about flying are picked apart and explained through missions and text reads through the Learning Center.Having said all that it has some issues. It crashes randomly, has atrocious graphics for this day and age (people saying they're better are probably playing on Ultra for the first time as Microsoft wouldn't allow the graphics to be updated), and the menus could really be streamlined especially for new comers, but if you're used to this game and want it in the glory of Steam connection and not have to pray to the gods Gamespy, you're probably willing to look over that. And what a glory the Steam multiplayer is, no longer do I get disconnected from Gamespy for blinking too hard! I still seem to disconnect from my friend's games after about an hour, but odd quirks to be expected for an old game like this. This game is a memory hog, seems to have some issues with certain graphics cards, and the outside camera is still as wonky as ever, but these are things you end up getting used to. The price and available features alone would make me suggest this over any other Flight Simulator out today, and I hope there's better things to come for this otherwise dead genre (really all I ask for is updated graphics so my eyes don't bleed on those beautiful splotches of square ground, and a cargo transport Euro Truck Simulator style)."
,Recommended,314160,23844794,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hrishi98,It is a really nice game. I transitioned from the boxed FSX to the Steam version; I haven't regretted my choice.
76561198195373135,Recommended,314160,24962296,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,rayph3r,"An amazing game, I would recommend it to anyone. Although they could do a lot better with the avionics!!"
76561198187099267,Recommended,314160,25092222,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,LifxD,gud
,Recommended,314160,26016509,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Adurnsyl,"The game is $24.99...The DLCs are $2,462.67...2,462.67/10"
76561198121023901,Recommended,314160,30379014,Posted: 7 March,all,Lukasz Magierowski,"The best flight simulator that I ever had, but the daily DLC airplane is just beating a dead horse. :P"
76561198269271353,Not Recommended,314160,31467144,Posted: 30 April,all,The KrunchyKernal,i think it is horrible because it lags even on my good pc with i7 intell and 12 ram.
,Recommended,314160,20206655,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Alexander Wedlin,"10/10 crashed too many 747's into the ground, recommendation Don't become a pilot Potato:|"
,Recommended,314160,33810485,Posted: 26 July,all,zainforat2,It has a lot of bugs i hope it will be fixed
76561198406579726,Recommended,314160,33854541,Posted: 28 July,all,Daniel123,BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198169405242,Not Recommended,314160,14308997,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,flossy_cake,"If you care about frame pacing, this is not the game for you.   Will not run smoothly at any framerate on any system, not even a smooth 30fps is achievable on a high end system due to the horribly unoptimized engine.   afaict, the game uses too much CPU, since the GPU usage never gets over 20%, and the CPU is working at ~80%.   I've tried everything, even with minimum graphic settings it's still a stutterfest.   I don't know why the CPU has to work so hard.  Even when you are rendering 60fps there is still a constant hitching and stuttering as the CPU loads more scenery.  Tried chaging CPU affinity, radeonpro vsync, triple buffering, flip queue size, fps cap, fsx.cfg FIBER_FRAME_TIME_FRACTION, nothing works.     The graphics are broken.   If it ran smooth, at least 30fps with good frame pacing, it would be great.    But it doesn't, so it's a horrible experience.     Disappointed.Update:  I have found some settings that produce a playable result on my [current gen] system (see comments)."
,Recommended,314160,15092682,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ㄅㄨㄊㄠ,The best 9/11 simulator on the market
76561198174602613,Not Recommended,314160,14090537,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,intheclutch1113,I love flight simulator X but this new steam version needs alot of work.  The program has spent more time crashing than running with fatal error after fatal error.  it once froze to the point i could not end the program and had to hard reboot the computer. The mic on my headphones will not work though it works fine on other programs.  Im runnng a brand new toshiba satalite with core i7 and  windows 8.1.  I have had very few issues with the disk version of this game on max settings but its been nothing but problems with the steam.
,Not Recommended,314160,17535009,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,joerockgalvan,Not Worth It
76561198282304795,Not Recommended,314160,21274342,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dan Chop$tick,"Don't even bother with this useless waste of money.I paid £18 for the premium edition during steam lunar sale and paid another £40 for a Joystick to play the game with.Well that was all a waste of my hard earned cash, I am only 18 and my job pays £6 an hour so there goes 10 hours in the bin.As soon as I launch the simulator from my desktop/from steam it crashes saying ""Microsoft Flight Simulator has stopped responding"". I went to the effort last night of re-downloading and installing the sim again. I have all my GPU drivers up to date.Currently running:OS: Windows 10 Education 64-bitCPU: Intel Core i5 4690K @ 3.50GHzRAM: 8.00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 799MHz (9-9-9-24)GPU: 2048MB ATI AMD Radeon HD 7800 Series (Gigabyte)HD: 232GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO 250GB (SSD)As you can see with my CPU this game has no reason to crash immediately without getting to the menu screen. I once owned the boxed version of this simulator, playing on an old, slow laptop at 5fps. Not once did it crash. Not once. But this game can't even open to the menu screen. It's a joke.Please, please please for the life of you and for the sake of your money, DO NOT BUY THIS SIMULATOR!You will regret it when it starts crashing constantly after 10 hours of playing.DO NOT BUY THIS SIMDO NOT BUY THIS SIMDO NOT BUY THIS SIM."
76561197974615773,Not Recommended,314160,13952436,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jippi70,"So far NO GOOD..! :-(Controls keeps resetting after I have set them to different functions, each scene takes forEVER to load, and also the game keeps crashing and f%#¤#ng with Windows' colours....I hope these are ""growing pains"", I really wanted to try this game. But for now, I'll leave it be."
,Recommended,314160,32547366,Posted: 18 June,all,Goodestman,"I think its a fun,big simulator Its well designed, For me its hard for me to land at this one airport because im not used to crosswids yet, so i normaly land hard, land of the runway, or crash. I also think its a Good trainer to, i learned a little in the missions. But i wish you but really Airplane logo's on the airplanes. over all i have learned alot in just 68.1 hours and i hope you get better and better in the Future.B.T.WI love airplanes and want to be a pilot when i grow-up I want to be a pilot for British Airways"
76561198323282834,Not Recommended,314160,26198807,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Spit40,First impressions not great. I bought the VFR real scenery at the same time as FSX and the first launch/config of FSX gave me loads of error messages and failure of any of the DLC to work.
,Not Recommended,314160,15136186,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,mandouh,Steam should make sure this version of the game works before widely selling it. After a couple of hours of using it  crashes every  time I try to start a flight. Uninstalled.
76561198117509483,Not Recommended,314160,17529920,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,SWINE BAG YUMMY,Graphics and Controls are not the best...
76561198147319784,Recommended,314160,30223396,Posted: 27 February,all,ok,"Good stuff. I’m holding out for X-Plane 11. This game is pretty much a decade old, so the graphics and physics are pretty limited. Still worth $25. Make sure you have a nice yoke or joystick and some rudder pedals if you really want to work on your flying skills.Multiplayer surprisingly active."
,Recommended,314160,30171291,Posted: 25 February,all,Captain Reynolds | Gamekit.com,"Game Is Okay, Graphics And Controls Could Be Easier To Understand. Definatly worth the money."
,Not Recommended,314160,13542465,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FaZe_Trump,"Pretty crappy game to be honest, the previous flight simulator was better."
,Not Recommended,314160,14362159,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,rodrigoef,"Dovetail is killing FSX!One of the most important things in FS franchise is the support to 3rd parties developers, being partner of the publisher or not. At this point Dovetail is commiting a huge mistake and punishing their costumers:1 - PMDG: Aparently the new code disabled their products with a porpouse, once Dovetail rapidly contacted them to offer their softwares in its platform, as can be seeing at AVSIM, but PMDG refused this and discovered a way to implement their aircrafts (777 is available now).2 - SDK was killed, almost limited to older versions of SimConnect.3 - Some 3rd parties products that once worked fine with FSX SE now are having troubles.4 - All links are removed without notice and reason! For the most experienced people it's not a big deal, but for new costumers it is. There is a large number of addons, even freeware, available in so many websites, but due to ""automatic delete links"" policy we can't show them. Avsim, Terra-Brasilis, Aerosoft, PMDG, OPUS Software, FSXfreewarelist, Opensky Project... I will not post the links because they will be deleted, but you can google it.5 - The DLC's contains, basically, missions that provides flight plans, even freeware aircrafts were offered with charge. REALLY? Don't byu this craps! You can enter at Sky Vector or Flight Aware and make yourself awsome and personalized flight plans!6 - Don't run in offline mode? Why? Are you spying us?"
76561198191104170,Not Recommended,314160,15434348,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,DESTINYx_xNEEDLE,I just bought fsx Steam Edition yesterday and there is not text in atc box or the alt menu please help.
,Not Recommended,314160,18272010,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Redgodzilla,"You need to be on an administrator acount to play. Like holy ♥♥♥♥ it's 2015, why is♥♥♥♥♥♥like this still a problem. Please don't buy! Dev's are just too lazy to fix a simple bug!"
,Recommended,314160,22202658,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,"If u wanna fly, play this game first."
02193810751059250,Recommended,314160,26195537,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,fuck you superiorservers.co,IT IS SO F##KING AWESOME AND MY BRAIN CANNOT COMPREHEND HOW TO FLY A NORMAL COMERCIAL PLANE. THEREFORE THIS GAME IS AWESOME. AND MISSIONS TAKE SO LONG I CAN JACK OFF AND EAT DINNER AND BREAKFEAST
,Not Recommended,314160,14383898,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BroDator,"To all existing hardcore FX simmers for years hoping on improved frame rates and enhancements, Not now. Hold your pocket. Its much like a scam here. This supposed to be tagged with ""Aplha"" release / early access. Stay with the original boxed version and get this on discount in future years when everything is clear and stable, and not money oriented greedy setups with expensive useless 'arcade'ish DLC."
76561198088259969,Not Recommended,314160,13577524,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gurgeh,"Flew Cessna... yuck! Awful flight model. Try X-Plane, it has a much more immersive behaviour (granted the terrain graphics/models are a far more generic... but then the graphics in this FSX are hardly like being there either, and have a very gamey feel.)"
,Recommended,314160,14363310,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Winston Shriveldicks,"Been using this simulator since it was released nearly 9 years ago and STILL use it to this day.  Personally I have nearly 2,500 hours logged into this game since it was released, and it never gets old.  From flying single engine Cessnas to multi-engine Boeings, this game has it all.  What I've always enjoyed about FSX is how realistic it is.  The plane functions very similarly to how it would in real life, and that's what makes this sim top notch.  For first time fliers, it can be a little intemidating at first, but after you figure out the basic controls, it's a piece of cake.  With all the time I've logged into this game over the last decade, I've essentially memorized most (90%) of the controls, but I'm STILL learning new things EVERY time I play this sim.  I am SO thankful Steam brought this game back!!!!!! The original disc game that was sold in stores always crashed on my Windows 7 and 8.1 desktops, but I've got 50 hours logged on the Steam version and not so much as a single hic-up.  It runs FLAWLESSLY on my desktop, even better than it did in the past.  If you're someone who wants to experience a TRUE account of what it's like to fly, then purchase FSX!! You can't go wrong!!! Only con about the series that I have is I wish they'd revive it!!!!!"
,Recommended,314160,14371345,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CCT | Bowie | Driver,Great game very fun if your into airplanes!
,Not Recommended,314160,14126651,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Type Definition,"This has a great concept and is really realistic. However, I would only reccomend this if you're already rather experienced with aircrafts. For complete beginners like me, this simulator is nothing short of frustrating. The lack of explaination of where the panels are and what they do does not help at all when you're in mid-air still figuring out your plane. The missions also constantly throw you from one aircraft to another and you're always left to pick up the pieces  and find things out on your own and most of the time it doesn't work. I have heard so much great things about FSX and really want to like it but the learning curve and style of having confusing controls means that I've likely wasteed $25.In short: Great for people who are knowledgeble about aircrafts. Hell for beginners."
76561198174108739,Not Recommended,314160,15108362,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,AGT,"For some reason this game will crash on launch. Unless you know the solution, i recomend that you find out!"
,Not Recommended,314160,18974970,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,nodehog,Junk!! Dont let the videos and screenshots fool you...
,Not Recommended,314160,20872383,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,King Darthrog,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041495194,Recommended,314160,13467658,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Meto_[TR],"Welcome Back to FSX guys!!I know we all played FSX before with dozens of add-ons like traffic,passengers, PMDG aircrafts.But we all downloaded it illegal and faced with a lot of crashes which is worst!Now FSX is on Steam which is everybody is able to play same version of the game and not differences on multiplayer gaming which is the best!! Dont miss the 5$ price which is really worth it!!I can vote for 8/10 FSX Steam Edition!!! Multiplayer is really fun tho!!"
,Recommended,314160,15691268,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Budderball,"I haven't put a whole lot of time into this game, but I love it to bits. I have been starting to play on VATSIM network. It is so realistic, and it is a challenge (that also includes learning how to do it). I would definitely reccommend this game to new pilots and enthusiasts who want to have some fun, or learn how to fly.As of 278 hrs: Thiss game is absolutely amazing, the community behind it, the addons! I love this game! I myself have purchased the PMDG 737, 777, and the Aerosoft Airbus X extended series! I can't wait for the PMDG 747 v2 to arrive. VATSIM has become much easier, yet more intense at the same time as you learn what different systems do. Its no longer get from A to B, it's get to A to B with passenger comfort or cargo undamaged in the process. Plotting your route more precise with waypoints as you get better, not just direct. It becomes more and more real the longer you play. I cannot reccommend another game as much as I do FSX."
76561198097190825,Recommended,314160,16663618,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KwagPie :D,"set altitude very high was in space, plane just spun when it hit earth it bounced back up 11/10"
76561198026662047,Not Recommended,314160,14309788,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,terry.pedley,I have both the boxed and Steam edition. Silly me I thought there was a chance that the problems with FSX boxed edition would be sorted.How wrong can one be. I have not been able to complete a flight with Steam edition. At least I could finish a flight with the boxed.Yet another waste of money with this digital games industry.
76561198274073259,Recommended,314160,30245788,Posted: 28 February,all,derekboni72,Always a great sim. Plenty of planes here at Steam and plenty of freeware availble as well.
,Recommended,314160,20125870,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MrAlwaysKarma,"This simulator has very great potential from the original Flight Simulator X, Graphical changes have been a great part of all of this, including improved multiplayer chat and connection with other players. This game is mostly meant for serious players and people that want to become engaged in a real flight experience. But there is a bit of fun in this gamer also ;)"
,Recommended,314160,20200445,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✪H4wk3ye✪,"I Want Vote ""YES"" This Product."
76561197999061713,Recommended,314160,18822981,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mikey,i have played this sim ever since delux edition launch. to me its the best flight sim on market. lots of world to explore. easily accepts more complex add on aircraft and scenery realisic flight dynamics impress too. My only gripe is i think 32 bit operating platform hold this back a little. As my programming skills seem to push it beyond its limit. On saying this Steam edition seems to be more stable in comparrison to the previous boxed version
,Recommended,314160,19449943,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,0Kev,"Buy this if you are interested in Flight Sims!  If you already own original FSX, then get this - maybe wait for this to go on sale, but get it.  Way easier than finding and keeping the install disks, easier to install, has many bug and performance fixes, and so on."
,Recommended,314160,18826079,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SillySni3r,its really fun and great controls and flys really well
,Recommended,314160,18720622,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Frequent,"This has got to be one of my favorite series. I started out on Flight Simulator 2000 years ago and have been flying ever since. My first actual flight was around the age of 5. Since then I've started actual flying lessons and I use this to brush up on a few concepts.FSX also has one of the largest addon communities in the genre. Be it payware from the big developers or free user-created stuff some guy threw together yesterday. I myself and just getting into the SDK style modding.If you're into flying, this is a must buy."
76561198171042771,Recommended,314160,19877627,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,pisanod2014,yay
,Recommended,314160,18737792,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,metmets1,"The default planes in FSX are quite frankly, well♥♥♥♥♥♥ So go ahead and download some freeware planes, even better, get some of those payware ones. Then get something that will fix the overall textures(REX), something that will make the clouds better(also REX will work). Then get yourself a joystick and takeoff(and pray to god that the stupid simulator doesn't crash)."
76561198140277216,Recommended,314160,18800993,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Alti,"Very good game, especially if you have people to fly with."
,Recommended,314160,18961405,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wardster,Well worth it.
76561198147691169,Recommended,314160,18963806,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zerogravity,"I love this game, I have only played this game on steam for a few hours, but I have logged hundreds of hours outside of the steam edition.  In my time playing, I have not found many problems."
,Recommended,314160,19289189,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alexalex2610,Don't use a keyboard it's horrible using only a keyboard. Use a controller or joystick. But besides that its a great game.9/10
,Recommended,314160,19402932,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Shisha,"majestic q400 is the only reason i still play this gamedefault planes are good for learning the basics, but when you successfully learn flight maneuvers, navigation and are ready to use an fms, buy more complex aircraft as the default ones are♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,314160,19653575,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,estebantito1,the game will only come on in 2\3 of  my screen any ideas on how to fix this.also it only does that when i play the missons. in online modes the full screen works and if i try freeflight it dosent work at all
76561198092356233,Recommended,314160,19994906,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LarryᵀʰᵉLlama S>Tf2Inv,Great GamePLEASE HELP:How do I make my game full screan for me its smaller then my screen (2 black parts on eachs side) so annoyingAND HOW THE F*CK DO I USE REX!????????????               \_(°-°)_/ <- help mePLEASE RESPOND AND HELP MEadd meThanks! <3
76561197979095986,Not Recommended,314160,15094963,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sgt. Rock,"Double dog damn! They got me again. Sorry, but so dated that its not even worth the 5 bucks they sold it to me for.... laggy, 16 bit looking gfx, I should have know better but I was bored."
76561198167295880,Recommended,314160,26228305,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,XD hellcase.com,FUN GAME XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD :D
76561198308372924,Recommended,314160,26451249,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,jedimagicman,"HORRIBLE COMMERCIAL!!! the person who wrote that should be shot. ""anybody hae any ideas for a commercial?"" ""I know, how about we make all the users look like raging idiots."" great game though"
76561198239880444,Not Recommended,314160,20378110,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Speedster,It lags in speed and my computer runs powerful new games smooth as silk as to where FSX lags in speed for some reason. I prefer FS2004 hopefully the new 2016 version will be a real improvement.
76561198363801392,Not Recommended,314160,32301951,Posted: 9 June,all,AirForce1Fighter,"Very nice game, and it is really fun, but, multiplayer is very bad. Communication (Radio frequency) is really bad, i had to delete the game and re-install it but nothing changed, and plus i lost all my downloaded planes. I would NOT recommend this item until they fix the radio issue as other users are having the same issue."
,Recommended,314160,34016093,Posted: 4 August,all,Nodexa | Vote NO.,I like men now.
,Recommended,314160,17485548,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,WillHedges03,I love this game. The flying is fun. One problem is that there can be bad lag.
,Recommended,314160,18189688,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Uncle Remus,I cant figure out how to get off the runway. Very realistic 10/10
76561198159707617,Recommended,314160,18485138,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,neDazz Farmskins.com,Really good game with great graphics.
,Recommended,314160,18864872,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jonas Brothers are not bad,"Been playing this game since 2008, got Steam and non-Steam edition, I think I've got about 5-6,000 hours on this game.*Will ruin your social life, wallet, family will be behind you wanting to become a pilot so you can give them part of your salary and you'll need a beast pc to run it on max with PMDG/Ifly and addon airports, yet you'll still need to tweak with the .cfg to get proper frames*. 10/10 would enjoy and regret at the same time."
76561198007344473,Recommended,314160,19350797,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Polarite,One of the best steam games I own.
76561198063101981,Recommended,314160,15503615,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,gspectre,"Considering this Sim came out in 2006, it is still one of the best Flight Sims to date.The downside is that the dated landscapes look more like the Sim was greated over a mapping of Google Earth from 2006.The upside is that with all the mods available, the ground can be improved on a basic level across the entire globe or in higher detail in certain regions. With payware mods like REX or Soft Clouds, you can dramatically improve the skys, water and some airport ground textures.Since you can load real weather into this Sim with no mods added, I too must agree with many, this is the best Flight Sim (for real Aircraft flying).  Thr learning curve may be steep but the rewards are many."
,Recommended,314160,34485181,Posted: 25 August,all,Coastliner700,When i got this Game i thought it wouldnt run smooth but it did(Great Birthday Gift)I Love how easy getting mods is and Also Love How It has my Local Airport (Shoreham)Many aircraft at the start (Without Mods)Rating 10/10
76561198013110654,Not Recommended,314160,13768156,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheKoolaidman,"I had this game way back in the day and it is one of my favorites, however its completely unplayable. Every time you launch into a game, no matter what you do, you will always get ""A Fatal Error has occured"" and the game will restart. It's absurd. In addition to that, its also incredibly difficult to fly a plane without a joystick. Your plane doesn't respond well to any sort of keyboard controls."
,Not Recommended,314160,13817347,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cleggerel,"The single player mode is flawless. However the new lan and online multiplayer is disgracefully buggy, crashing almost every time I try to host a LAN server with just one other player. Please fix these game breaking bugs that makes a fool out of a well respected and otherwise perfect flight simulation experience. I would recommend this game if these bugs were dealt with promptly because frankly it's just a farce."
,Not Recommended,314160,13769774,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,O'fizzjiggo,"game runs poorly, dosent work well 3 screen, changes screens and fails to work very well."
76561198060708235,Not Recommended,314160,13615498,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dan.villeneuve,"Horrible bugs that render this pretty much unplayable. Everything from audio glitching (not good when your instructor is trying to tell you what to do and they sound like Max Headroom), to horrible frame rate and locking up my computer (Windows 7 with 2GB graphics card and 16GB of RAM). Concept is good, but execution is very poor. Wish I had never bought this."
,Not Recommended,314160,13783230,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,21st Pvt. bizmark,doesnt work well at all for windows 8.1
76561198085979235,Not Recommended,314160,13558727,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,datsun2003,"Crash, Crash, Crash, Crash. If you love to start it up and get ready to fly..think again. program will crash over and over. I had good luck with microsoft flight simulator in the past..this one..save your money don't get it. I am glad I got it on holiday sale so my loss is not extreme."
76561198147360095,Not Recommended,314160,13670654,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pnasty90,"Worked fine for the first two days, now will never load. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game and still nothing.  Stuck at the splash screen with a not responding msg in my task manager.  So right now its a broken game, don't buy it.  There's a lot of people with this same problem currenlty."
,Recommended,314160,13621764,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CreepCoder,"A very good simulation game and finally supported on Windows 7, 8, 8.1!15/10"
76561198121353107,Recommended,314160,28914505,Posted: 1 January,all,Snip3rElit3III,Love this game. But why would you buy the addon on's instead of downloading them fromhttps://flyawaysimulation.com/where it is free to download.
76561198138089346,Recommended,314160,34240615,Posted: 14 August,all,Nobama05,"Great game! Great graphics, realistic (but only if you want it to be), great multiplayer and missions! Overall a very well-made game! You are free to do as you wish, where you wish, and with the plane of your choice; and it never gets too old, so its 100% worth the money!"
,Recommended,314160,24160758,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BBoyJD10,"My first flight simulator, perfect no problems. Now moved onto Prepar3D and will never go back. Good first purchase. :)"
76561198133740049,Recommended,314160,34223875,Posted: 13 August,all, WindlessCorn ,"The game is realistic as hell, with flawless graphics, the multiplayer feature was amazing, nice $25.00 investment here."
,Recommended,314160,34771920,Posted: 6 September,all,Dis dank car,"all dlc combined =  3 757,91€11/10 best dlc price"
,Recommended,314160,14967866,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Bwae,"Flawless re-release. The original boxed copy was really buggy on WIndows 8, while this version works flawless. Only issue (Which probably cant be fixed) is that it chugs along on a lot of high end PCs, but what can you expect? Its a game from 2006."
76561197973064758,Recommended,314160,20444286,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hammer,This is the best flight sim available for civilian flight
,Not Recommended,314160,15136273,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lord Fuckwad,"If you have money on steam and you don't know what to do with it you can buy this only if it's on sale for 5$ or less, you can find something way way way better for less than 25$. This a game is a definite cash grab and I bought it because I was impatient and bought this game because it looked like it had good reviews and really cool pictures and videos, but in the game the graphics are pretty bad. Ik graphics don't have to do with really anything, thats just one minor thing. THE ONLY THING TO REALLY DO ON IT IS FLY AND THATS IT. When I thought ""Microsoft Flight Simulator X"" I thought that you would do the insides of the planes, or design it differently, but basically all you do is fly. Now there are missions in this game, which I guess in the only good thing in it, but when I opened the first mission up, it seemed very unfinished, in the tutorial there were untyped words (coming from someone who has some untyped words in his review probably), wrong punctuation, and apparently you need an Xbox controller to fly it because the tutorial narrarator tells you some things to do with the keyboard and mouse, but to move the plane he only talks about the xbox controller, it has STEAM EDITION at the end of the game title..... Although I havent played them but have seen them, the intermediate - expert missions seems slightly decent but thats about it. The multiplayer is awful, when you crash into things you either noclip through it or just automaticly 'plop' right up on the thing your crashing onto. The controls are very difficult so I had to use the keyboard for some controls and the xbox controller aswell at the same time. And OH right when I'm righting this review I see that its 20$ for another airport and 25$'s for seperate planes......... Ugh......... Anyways, the whole point is that if you want to buy this game you better be Bill Gates grandson and it better be on sale, and you got to be someone who just likes to fly with bad graphics and maybe do some plane missions. I'm sorry if you like this game and may have offended you but I just hated the cashgrab of this game, and btw I still think its a cashgrab and I bought it for 5$. It should be either free, 5$ or at the max 10$ Thanks for listening and I hope I helped the people on the fence of buying this game,"
,Recommended,314160,15879086,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,alex mane,X-Plane 10 > FSX > FSX: Steam Edition.
,Not Recommended,314160,19963611,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kemplo,hard
,Not Recommended,314160,19639875,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,HommeViande,"This game was ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games like Truck Simulator have up-to-date vehicles and their physic.I advise you not to buy this game. At least, it proved to myself that Steam can pay you back when you do a mistake as huge as this one."
76561198204239541,Not Recommended,314160,17002875,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,joepco,"Very disappointed in the quality of the graphics of the A/C, especially the cockpits...what a disappointment.  If your company is in this business for real...then make it right, realistic!  J"
,Not Recommended,314160,15846249,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cpt CoolVille,All around Bad Version rather play Xplane it looks way better then FSX and the camera controls are better the overall real feel can not be beat.they also don't mention you need to mod and download 15 more gigs of data to make it look anything like the screen shots.
,Not Recommended,314160,15130903,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BIg Green,If you are looking for a fun game to hang back and play this is not the game
,Not Recommended,314160,15227784,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ofsVegas,I bought this game because it was on sale for $4.99 and was pretty disappointed.  The graphics are very poor and not realistic.  There are much better flight simulators out there.
,Recommended,314160,27841488,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Notice Me Sen 3.142,"If you cant be a pilot in real life, this is it."
,Recommended,314160,13436755,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Renaissance Birb,Seems a little bit smoother. This will surely bring many new youngins to the flight sim scene. I'll stick with the orignal game though... haha.
76561198039455856,Not Recommended,314160,13579539,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TexasPancakes,"Right now there are a lot of addons that are imcompatable with the steam edition of FSX. Until patched, I'd stay away."
,Recommended,314160,34967656,Posted: 15 September,all,Night Rider,Great game
,Not Recommended,314160,13480045,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kre,"Crashes all.the.time.  Doesn't matter what I do, big plane, small plane it will crash eventually. May be 2 minutes, maybe 30 minutes."
,Not Recommended,314160,22291053,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,iampolash,I could not make it to work on my Windows 10 Machine. The game start but none of my mouse or keyboard works. I couldn't use either once the game starts.....I didn't even find an option to change either.
76561197995996697,Not Recommended,314160,22291889,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Britallica101,Fed up of add-ons not working. Some of the add-ons don't work correctly so I have to do verify and then downloads over the files that i have installed and ♥♥♥♥s up the scenery.
,Recommended,314160,18765886,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,smyalygames,Got bored of playing with the normal planes.Bad multiplayerFound VatsimIt was greatPayed for a PMDG 737NGX ~£42NEVER STOPPED FLYING!
76561198361221683,Recommended,314160,33578240,Posted: 15 July,all,Andre Macassi,Treal T.V. Rating: Red Eye to Boston Tonight.
76561198186180070,Not Recommended,314160,31579085,Posted: 6 May,all,georgemilojevic4,"the game is great but wont even open on my pc, full of bugs, wouldn't reccomend"
,Recommended,314160,23051883,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Nateydog001,"A great game, well worth buying"
76561198125333944,Recommended,314160,30456404,Posted: 11 March,all,Waitedboat4,Better than No Man's Sky
76561198415696320,Recommended,314160,34709076,Posted: 3 September,all,gauravsalian16,Epicccc (Just that I cannot complete the missions after a million times...)
,Recommended,314160,35119029,Posted: 21 September,all,Lil Pink,Best Game Ever 10/10
76561198010784623,Not Recommended,314160,20080996,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UKBULLET,"Sorry i got this game,its awful, my graphic is on max and its horrbile"
,Not Recommended,314160,27995781,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Oah,FRESH INSTALL and this mess wont do the simpelest of tasks.  it is on its own SSD and crashes every time i try to load free fly  even for being on sale i still do not recomend it
,Recommended,314160,13457198,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Holden_Mcgroin,"Microsoft Flight Simulator 10 (FSX) In the steam sale at $4.99 (80 percent off) was absolutely worth it not to have to worry about buying discs again.Masses of free addons and content available on the flightsim sites, so you never need to buy the planned DLC unless you really want it but these simulators with this quantity of existing free content on flightsim sites all over the web are under-selling that aspect of the game and community by not including steam workshop as an easy way to import content, instead of trawling the internet for it.If you are only ever going to buy one flight simulator, and even you are new to flight simulation and want something that you can add to and get a lot of time out of, you really should consider this one, specially in the next steam sale.  In the meantime there are plenty of other really outstanding free open source simulators if you just want to try the genre.TL/DR: 9/10 worth it just to have the last in the historically important Microsoft Flight Simulator series in your collection.  Demo/Trial version herehttp://www.microsoft.com/Products/Games/FSInsider/downloads/Pages/FlightSimulatorXTrialVersion.aspx"
,Recommended,314160,14179762,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tidreit,This game is a alright game.
,Recommended,314160,26682050,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jungle.james,Flying from Seychelles to Kilimanjaro in a Rutan Long-EZ was one of the comfiest experiences I've had through the medium of video games.
,Recommended,314160,13448824,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TAHUBLAD,"This game when it wasnt on Steam, ran like crap but I still played it coz of its awesomeness. But now that steam is here, it runs so smooth and dosnt crash every 10 minutes.BRILLIANT GAME 8/8 IGN"
,Not Recommended,314160,17619648,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Unintentionally_Left_Blank,"A rehash of MicroSoft's ancient, abandoned Flight Simulator X code.  Once a good game/simulation but limited to Directx 9 (never given the promised Directx 10) and does not do well adapted to Steam. Unreliable with very limited and sometimes unhelpful support.  Recomendation, wait until Dovetail gets a handle on this product or switches to a different engine and check then.I'd have many more hours on FSX:SE if it would not crash, hoping support will eventually get around to fixing my problem)Update: a kind steam user helped me fix the crash problem (Hooray) but loud buzz when applying brakes and printing flight plans fails... .. .UPDATE: Finally got it to run, more or less, using these settings [1] No Directx 10 preview [2] No SLI. Also Microsoft dropped support for some graphic compression used by a lot 3rd party developers, some of whom are updating their models. And finally, using GPS navigation on Garmin 1000 goes haywire after a short while, making it useless for cross country navigation.Another UPDATE: Cross-country navigation Gamin 1000 autopilot problem can be eased but not solved by setting simulate rate to unity during transitions and changing simulation rates while paused.YET EVEN ANOTHER UPDATE: Late June FSX;SE has taken to hanging during launch, and therefore is unplayable. No help from support. Followed their post on how to deal with the hang but nothing worked,"
,Not Recommended,314160,34772502,Posted: 6 September,all,Nicen Jehr | LF Dominus MDGA,dovetail spent extra time making steam controller overlays not work
,Recommended,314160,13445471,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Prospector,"MADE A 747 GO IN A FLAT SPIN AFTER POPPING SPOILERS AT 32,000 FEET AGL10/10"
76561198023663470,Not Recommended,314160,13806780,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,andy.acepilot,"Was hoping the endless problem of FSX lock ups would have been fixed,..happy enjoying mid flight then after 20 mins the ""FSX has stopped responing"" message I was dreading appears. This has been an ongoing problem for thousands of FSX fans out there just Google it,  yet sadly it still haunts us...Its a shame really as multi player has returned but not much use until this bug gets fixed.My addons all worked with acception to FSX booster and Sim Physiscs."
76561198158354158,Recommended,314160,13531442,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nerissa,"The conversion is great, the game is great in 2014 despite the age, the only question is..  free addons? When we'll get all the free addons compatible and on Steam this games will be perfection. A must have!"
76561197970646531,Not Recommended,314160,13808512,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kyrth,"I'm getting fed up with game releases that are obviously not in release state. First off, you have to open the config file, and do a number of tweaks to get this to run correctly. To get it to work with TrackIr, you have to rename some files and move them around. (apparently the non-steam version works fine). I tried to launch one of the ""included"" lessons, but the script file is missing, so it loaded without it. And it also loaded with a giant black bar where the cockpit should be. Since it was released on Steam, one would hope that it would be updated and workable on a relatively new system without me having to manually edit the game's configuration in notepad.Are there any companies out there that DON'T try to rip off their customers? At least I only paid $5 for this. But still that's money I had to work for. I don't pirate games, but I understand why people do."
,Not Recommended,314160,13647776,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TurtleSquared,"Ok, review time.First-off, this WAS an amazing game. I Love DTS for bringing this to steam, but it just isn't worth buying again. Now that that bit is out of the way....let me tell you why I HATE this version of the game.Go up and look at the DLC. High prices. Then, take a closer look at those prices. Some planes cost more than THE COCKING GAME ITSELF! THAT'S FOR 1 OR 2 PANES AS WELL!This game, is nothing more than a moneygrab by DTS. They took the game, slightly improved it, and republished it, expecting people to buy into it. If you already have the box version, I HIGHLLLLY reccommend that you leave this be."
76561198312788572,Recommended,314160,23806361,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gamemasterfirstforever,this update is Sp2?
76561198019946944,Recommended,314160,32163387,Posted: 3 June,all,Geo_$ato,GR8 becuz of AirforceProud
76561198094274490,Recommended,314160,18181049,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,InDeepSchit,0/10 It was okay.
76561198031193304,Not Recommended,314160,13879770,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tuxwielder,Won't start without Administrator privileges. Steam support points to developer site and the developer site points to Steam support. Nice!
,Not Recommended,314160,26154364,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kyle from NZ,"Microsoft Flight Simulator X was abandoned by Microsoft about 9 years ago. Dovetail Games was given the license to redistribute it, though. This means FSX is a ten year old game that hasn't been updated in almost a 10 years.DLC is massivly overprised.I would recommend this game to people that will get there money worth on a 10 year old game that should cost 10$ not 30$.5/10 IGN"
76561198081822129,Not Recommended,314160,14282277,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,LunchBox,"IF YOU ENJOY THE OTHER FLIGT SIMULATORS, YOU WILL ENJOY THIS.That being said, was it worth my $25? No. The only thing that has changed is the fact that you can run FSX from Steam. The Main Menu hasnt changed in looks since it first came out in October 2006. It's 2015. Im suprised Microsoft hasnt come out with a new Flight Simulator with better graphics, planes, missions. etc.I grew up playing Microsoft Flight Simulator 98, 04, X, and this Steam edition was a bit of let down. Now, I understand that this is still the Flight Simulator X that came out years ago just now available on Steam, but I was hoping there would be some type of workshop or a better layout of the game.Overall, I am a little dissapointed. I essentially re-bought FSX. IF Microsoft created a Flight Simulator 2015(2016), I would by it the week it would come out!Again, its a classic game, but very dissapointed."
76561198058530455,Not Recommended,314160,19351842,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ssserval,Upgraded to Win 10 and that broke the game
76561198045136633,Not Recommended,314160,23435251,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MrVochomurka,"The game itself is not bad, but constant crashes (terrain.dll) after 0.5-1 hours of gameplay prevent anything better than practicing takeoffs. Tested on 2 computers, crashed on both even after several months of updates."
,Not Recommended,314160,31323721,Posted: 23 April,all,Samsquanch💩,"This is a game from 2006. It ran like crap then and still does now. I have a i7-7700k and a Nvidia 1080 and still get 25fps at max settings. So much for the ""optimizations""."
76561198061023736,Recommended,314160,13466515,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jblagors,Very nice improvement on the game. Much more stable and work great on Windows 8.1.
76561198098386360,Not Recommended,314160,14454067,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ic3yFresh,"Im going to be honest. This was the worst 30$ i have ever spent in my life. Terrible game. the free microsoft flight a few years ago was a better game than this. The graphics are horrid, The controls are not clear but there are nice planes. I would not reccoment this game to my worst enemy. Microsoft can do a whole lot better than this, and if i could i would want a refund."
,Recommended,314160,24722775,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Digidydogster,SIDEWINDER 3D PRO PLUS.................................................................................................................................................................itslitdog
76561198155454900,Not Recommended,314160,28690906,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,B05man,"Crusty nonesense, wouldn't even try to run. Aerofly or X plane is better."
76561198074140599,Not Recommended,314160,30859732,Posted: 31 March,all,colesdav,"Summary of why I do not recommed this.==============================(1). Old game engine. Game engine  seems to run on 2 of 8 available CPU threads. Low FPS (14-20) at 1080p in City areas even with a high spec gaming PC.(2). Only supports Preview DX10 which is unfinished and gives rendering errors - my main issue is Road Lights which look like black 8 pointed Stars.(3). The game looks pretty old and some basic landmarks are missing. To improve this you need to buy a texture pack. They are expensive.(4). Crossfire will not engage in DX9. Crossfire will engage in Preview DX10, however it does not help because the Game Engine itself sems only to run non 2 threads, not all 8.Details:======I just bought this on Sale on Steam.I used to play MicroSoft Flight Simulator years ago ~ around end 2001 on an AMD Athlon 64 based PC.I have some real world flying experience as a pilot (learning to fly a light aircraft, never completed the Pilot's Licence because I could not afford to complete the course at the time).I wanted to find out how much Flight Simulators have improved today.I had read reviews of Modern Flight Simulators available for PC today and this was recommended along with XPLANE-11.I really cannot see why this was recommended as a Modern Flight Simulator at all.It should be even cheaper than the sale price.  It is very outdated.It does not seem to have improved that much in single player mode since Flight Simulator 2002 (end 2001) running on an AMD Athlon 64 based PC, in fact, I still have the PC and I feel could have just run this game on it instead.Seriously this just looks so old and outdated in comparison to a real 2017 title.I used to fly (pilot) for real out of one airport that is available on this game and It looks nothing much like the area, with very well known landmarks missing completely.In some places you can see the main road with cars driving straight through buildings which are planted in the middle of the road. Ridiculous but it did give me a laugh I guess.One other point, Steam is usually really easy to use for me.I buy the game, I install the game, and generally I just run the game with no problem.This thing took me about two hours and two install and verify attemptsjust to get running because of a really stupid requirement.You have to run Steam itself as Administrator before this game will run.I normally do not write negative reviews, but I feel in this case there is nothing much really to say that is very positive at all if you look for a Modern Flight Simulator.Some positive things I can think of:(1). One thing I can think of is it it looks and flys like the game did many years ago, with admittedly higher resolution and some graphical improvement at playable framerates.If you are into Retro Gaming and you do not have your old machine still running, and you have fond memories of playing Microsoft  Flight Simulator 2002 or later, then this game is for you.However.Regarding running the game with higher graphical settings.I tested this game on a 1920x1080 resolution.I have an i7-4770K (4 core 8 thread)  with Single R9 Nano FuryX active in this game review.(I have Two R9 Nano FuryX's installed but have not tried to run the game in Crossfire yet).Thats a reasonably high spec gaming machine, even for today.The CPU is running at stable +16% OC and the R9 Nano FuryX's are running at +5% stable OC target on the GPU Clock, with Fan and Temp and Power Targets maxed out.I am able to run the game with all visual settings maxed out and in that case it does look better than the game from end 2001. Even then though, things like water in harbors are completely static, no waves in the water etc.  In this case, even with a powerful Gaming CPU, GPU and running overclocked the Frame Rate drops to 14 FPS on a single monitor at 1920*1080p resolution. I wanted to run it on a Triple 1980*1080p Eyefinity Monitor Setup at the very least.I need to check what is going on exactly, probably the game can only run on 1 core.---> Checked.i7-4770K = 4 CPU cores with 2 threads per core = 8 threads in total ( 8 Logical CPUs).It looks like the FSX game launcher and background tasks max out 1 logical CPU (thread)  and the Game simulation itself max out two other logical CPU's (threads). The remaining 5 logical CPU's (threads) have some low level / uneven activity.Some more  positive points to consider.(2). The planes are very easy to fly using the mouse or keyboard mode, unlike the experience I had with XPLANE-11 demo in the past. It looks great but on previous Demo I just found it too hard to fly with the keyboard alone.But this may be because SFX is like a cross between a simulator and an arcade game versus a XPLANE-11 which seems to be attempting more of a real simulator experince using a special Flight Controller.More positive points I can think of about FSX.(3). You can get some nice screenshots, provided you are high enough altitude so you dont see how simple the buildings on the ground look.Perhaps I need to look at other features in FSX like a DLC pack, and MultiPlayer but I think I have been as fair as I can be in this feedback so far based on Single Player and Initial Install experience.If you are into Retro Gamning and want to play Microsoft Flight Simulator from 2002 or later  then this is definitely for you. From that perspective it is nice that this game is still running and available on Steam. I think it is good that old games/code get preserved for future use.If you look for a Modern Flight Simulator though, do yourself a favour and  buy something else.This game seems to be pretty much MicroSoft Flight SimulatorX 2006 ported to Steam + new DLC with more planes / higher texture maps on DLC.I have not asked for a refund from Steam yet as I am going to see if running the game with a Pair of R9 Fury X's in Crossfire or running it with an i7-4790K and a Pair of R9 Nano FuryX's will allow me to play at over 30FPS on Maxed out Graphics Settings at 1920*1080p.---> Update. If you have a highend GPU like an R9 Nano (FuryX),  Crossfire will not help the FrameRate on FSX:SE.(A). Crossfire will not turn on at all in DX9 Mode on FSX:SE.(B). Crossfire will turn on in ""Preview"" DX10 Mode. Total CPU Utilisition jumps from 55% to 73%.(C). On this game at least, turning on Crossfire make things worse in the toughest areas of the simulation where you need it.  I have lots of experience running Crossfire on this machine and on most modern titles that support Crossfire it runs well and will provide up good FPS Scaling increase.The increase in CPU Utilisation turning Crossfire on is not unexpected.  However the problem is when you turn on Crossfire the Frame Rate will increase which will push up the load on the logical CPU's which are used to run the Game / Simulator. In FSX:SE only two logical CPUs run the simulator and they already run with very high utilization with Crossfire turned off. What I see when I turn Crossfire on is the additional loading due to  Crossfire processes is split off to the remaining 5 logical CPU, 1 logical CPU is already maxed out for the Game Loader and Settings interface at  around 90-100% utilisation. The remaining two Logical CPU Cores jump to 100% Utilization all the time. This results in CPU halting/CPU speedstep kicking in.I want to look at the CPU Utilization Profile and see if I can get it running on Triple Eyefinity setup as well.---> Update: Yes, Triple Eyefinity works fine, no Drop in FPS seen in this case with Crossfire off.I can run it at 6016X1080p, but the FPS is in 14-20 range.I think the reason I cannot increase the FPS is because the simulator engine seems to run on only two threads (Logical CPU's) with an additional thread for the Game Launcher/UI.That 's it for this review for now.Sorry but I cannot recommend this as a Modern Flight Simulator.It is OK for Retro Gaming."
76561198313301449,Not Recommended,314160,28948523,Posted: 2 January,all,andre.fequet,"Purchased FSX Steam Adition a few months ago and have spent a fair amount of money on addons. the game crashed on me yesterday and i am unable to get back on, i keep geeting a message error saying  ""Microsoft Flight Simulator has stopped Working""  and "" A problem caused the program to stop working correctly. Windows will close the program and notify you if a soluation is available"".The sad part is that there is nowhere to get techinical support, Steam just passes everything of, they are selling the product so they should be providing the support.I dont want to hear all the excuses or the typical so fall possable soluations its all bs. My computer is totally is used soley for FSX and the hard drive, video card etc is more that enough to run fsx. i also delected fsx and all of it files including everything for steam, i also did a complete clean of my computer and a full update of all driverds etc. I then reinstalled steam and fsx but still have the same problem.and it doesnt look like i am the only one having this issue, i thing it time for steam to take action asap and resolve this issue. its a great game when its working?Andre Fequet"
76561198333470666,Recommended,314160,25684781,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,giblets8o3,awesome
76561198014402993,Not Recommended,314160,13766004,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Anton Gunnerfeldt,"Im afraid this is an awful game. Many people have the fatal error crashing problem, and so do I. Is there any help? No. I've read at so many forums about this problem and no one can give a proper solution! As soon as you load it and press any button it crashes. I do not recommend anyone to buy this game UNTIL someone can find a solution for the crashes(And yes, i've tried to put the auto dcl thing and change the properties, as many people recommend to do. Sadly, it still does not work.)"
,Recommended,314160,13762963,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Glorious Leader,"Thanks Dovetail for fixing the greatest simulator ever produced. Works faultlessly on Windoze 7. Some 3rd party addons are not perfect, but I'm hoping for patches soon. Very pleased."
76561198380701553,Not Recommended,314160,31470998,Posted: 30 April,all,strawberry,it's my first time playing a flight simulator and this game really breaks my heart because of its graphic detail
76561198001790442,Recommended,314160,13899201,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Sistermatic,"It's 10:10pm, 9 miles out of Sydney. I've been flying IFR from Adelaide, in RT. 737. My RT weather add-on throws up storms, heavy turbulence. My scenery add-on shows a beautiful Sydney in the distance, glimpsed through the heavy cloud. The take-off was simple, the AP locked on GPS track and the job is nearly done. I've been descending for a while, saving fuel... you know how it goes.I'm loving it. Calm. Controlled. Content.Out of the misty depth of somewhere between 9000 and 10000 I'm asked to turn left on 300 and descend and maintain 6000. I dial it in, acknowledge.  Easier to disengage AP now. We're nearly home.Suddenly. ""TRAFFIC ALERT"". An A320 is 12.00 o'clock 4 miles at 10000. Can I see him? No. Where?Sorry tower, no sight. No. Look, there he is. Flying above me. Phew. Sorted.Sorry. Were you talking to me? Turn left on 340, descend and maintain 4000? OK. Doing it now....(This turbulence. It's killing me.  Maybe I should go back on AP?)Sorry tower. Climb and maintain 6000?! What? Oh wait. I thought you said 4000? Oh... That wasn't me. I'm Sierra TANGO, not Sierra ROMEO. Ahhh... Climbing back to 6000, trying to smooth out the heading.Sorry. What was that? TRAFFIC ALERT. Again!! What sort of ATC are you?! 3 o'clock, 2 miles, 4500. Altitude check. 4500. Oh Oh! Collision course.... My life starts flashing before my eyes then I realise it was the Piper's strobe as he flies just feet in front of me. Phew.Sorry. Sierra TANGO. (Hey that\s me). I'm 500 below my assigned. Ahh.. What?? That's right. I'm supposed to be 6000. Check heading. 270?? I'm heading to Perth. Dammit. I need to sort the heading too!Climbing.... Turning..... Climbing.....WHAT'S THAT DAMN NOISE!!! Sink rate? What sink rate?!! GS is below 120. Head wind? Oh. Oh..... I drop the nose instinctively as I grab the throttle and ram them home. 130, 150, 170..... I knew I watched those airplane movies for a reason.Sorry tower. What? I'm 3000 below assigned. Yeah. Too bad. I'm busy.Pull up. Pull up. Pull u..........................It was then I realised that commercial heavy pilots don't get paid for 100% of their time. They get paid for that 1%.... just before they hit the ground.......gently.9/10You must use add-ons though."
76561198049435011,Recommended,314160,14442924,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[ZSU] Eazy,"You can spend countless hours flying around. Fly from anywhere to anywhere. File an IFR flight or go VFR. Dogfight. Sightsee. Transport. Free-fly. It's endless.P.S. fullstops is my favourite thing to type on computers. ""..."" Fullstops. Fullstops. Everywhere....................................................................... ................................. ......................... ...... .... .. .. . .. .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .      ....."
,Recommended,314160,15103510,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,daedelush,You can fly planes in this game.
76561198140575739,Not Recommended,314160,13840013,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WORM,"Ok. This game was not what I thought it looked like from the store. I know all games on steam make the pictures look better but this game takes the cake. The graphics on the highest setting look horrible, grainy, and old. They really make the pictures look better from on steam to the actual gameplay. The menus are also very hard to navigate and this game ultimatly looks extreamly old, which it is. You would think however, that for 24.99! That the developers (Microsoft...) would update the graphics if they would release the game on steam. Online is also very boring. There are probobly around ten servers in total. And there are less than ten people on each one. To sum this up... for the expensive price I am very upset with this game. SUre, the physics are great and it is very realistic but to even mention the fast the on my 1080p display the game starts out at around 420p you can tell the game is old and not updated. There were many things I was unhappy with as well but on top of all of this the cameras have such bad views that it finally made me stop playing and write this review. There are many other flight sims out there for the same price that are around the same price or less the look and preform better. So, my final verdict for this game is that if you are looking for a sim with god physics and realistics then great, get this game, if you want a good game all around I would highly suggest putting your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,314160,13947838,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,User:Flynn,"dude no. this game looked awesome about 6 years ago maybe, but its nothing to look at now."
76561198055459317,Not Recommended,314160,13925246,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mperna33,CRASH CRASH CRASH UPLAY ruined this game! albeit it runs a little better but runtime errors dll error. play the game for 20 minutes into a mission then crash... too bad.. dont waste your money if you have this int he non steam form
,Recommended,314160,17203282,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Memin Meme bupp succ meme cup,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing"
,Recommended,314160,13446504,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,like skyrim with planes
76561198118658946,Recommended,314160,13439057,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,busky42,i dont play flight sims but after 30 mins i do think this one is cool easy to set up fun to play now i have had a few beers and was able to get the air bus to fly uesing an xbox controller O.K. maybe more than a few beers. dcs world even sober i could not get the dam game to work so if you are a bit of a noob at this like me and got stung by other flight sims like me do try this one its great even drunk you can fly planes. landing may be a problem but i will try that when i sober up 8/10 as i got this in day one sale but it is almost idiot proof and p#ss head proof
76561198021664964,Not Recommended,314160,22239827,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,WarUnleashed,DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥As you can see i have played this for a while.and this is what i can tell you.do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you need to do work just to make i work by a speck of hair.ATC is garbage AI is grusome.Textures a horrible.Playability is horride and overall precense is about as as much worth as a case of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy P3D instead it looks nice.AI is atleast competent and you don't need to invest 1000 of buck into making the game playable.STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY FROM THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,314160,23291510,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Qwerty Sheep,I payed £20 for this game and all i get when i load it up is STEAM INITIALISATION FAILED please sombody help fix this im on windows 7!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314160,13484483,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TehChrisReed,Did a barrel roll with a 747 over Bermuda in a hurricane then crashed into the ocean.  There where no survivors.11/10 Would barrel roll again.
,Recommended,314160,13465215,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lex Kusher,"Worth the 5 bucks for sure, hop on it NOW!"
,Not Recommended,314160,14060734,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Valkyrie,it sucks tbh
,Not Recommended,314160,21176375,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Pigagorus,"Might be the worst game i have ever played...you would think after being out for 10 years they might have just a little optimization and a tutorial that actually teaches how to ""play"""
,Not Recommended,314160,22321196,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dr Marcus,"This game would be good however for some reason on steam it just crashes alot. I wont reconmend sending ticket as the steam people are very slow at replys. Only time they are quick is when it comes to them taken your money, after care is not a thing for them."
,Not Recommended,314160,22141696,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Simon.C,"I cannot choose 1920x 1080 graphic , it is too hard to learn and the graphic not good enougt , just request a refund"
,Recommended,314160,17783040,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,prophet,if you're muslim then this is eroge for you
,Recommended,314160,13797485,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,E-Block,"Very nice game! Being interested in aircraft, I find this to be quite awesome. It works with all the online addons, so It's easy to install custom aircraft. I like the missions too, I would recommend buying."
,Not Recommended,314160,19638192,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Father Casey,"Buys game for promised ""free"" DLC, game makes super exspensive terrible DLC"
,Not Recommended,314160,19801113,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TurboTv™ @YouTube,"I dont recommend you to buy this big bunch of sh*t. I bought it but i cant run it. I click start the game but nothing happens.Edit : After 2 monts I still cant play this game. I tried everything and i reinstalled it like 5 times and i even formatted my pc, still doesnot work.Gabe keep stealing money for fkedup games."
,Recommended,314160,15075314,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Najo,The most GG game in my libary.
,Not Recommended,314160,26653304,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,Its almost like EA owns this game in secret...
,Not Recommended,314160,22294915,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,bergerjw jack,wont f***ing work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! soooooo maad
76561198006681349,Not Recommended,314160,22031371,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Anubis,"hahaha 1,102 FOR all DLC and this is with a 50% discount. No, I dont recommend this, check out DCS is you want actual simulation."
,Recommended,314160,25706144,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,llamington,9/11 would crash plane for the game
,Recommended,314160,13437001,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mark.simons75,"Same Old FSX But more compatibility probolems, over priced comapred to P3D and if u have FSX then there is no point as it is the same just in side steams enviroment making it worese"
76561197971763676,Recommended,314160,24446527,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Matt Bibby,Good game.
,Recommended,314160,29661619,Posted: 2 February,all,ETA GEGEH:),Lul
76561198106325204,Recommended,314160,30750518,Posted: 26 March,all,flames167,"that game, is amazing, with my joystick!"
,Recommended,314160,30756383,Posted: 26 March,all,Blooky <3,I am not good at flying.... But I love the game!11/10
,Recommended,314160,30599366,Posted: 18 March,all,Nitro™,"Probably one of the most enjoyable and entertaining games I've ever played. It never gets old since there are many addons on Steam and on FSX websites. Getting some addons for FSX is highly recommended since it helps make the game more fun  and realistic. The community though is toxic, at times, but unlike other games the community is less toxic than other games. The planes though are kind of stock and don't have the functionality of a real plane like you can't flight plan or do cold and dark, but still is a fun game. I would give this game a 8.5/10 since it is a little outdated, but still kind of holds up today."
76561198052354127,Not Recommended,314160,24672129,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rrjohn,Couldn't even get to go full screen mode if you change in game setting it does nothing. Their support wanted me to change Windows 10 screen defaults plus change font settings. I have 70 or so games including many VR ones and I wasn't about to change my default Win 10 settings for this one game. Suppot was useless .............
,Not Recommended,314160,24666965,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Spinydelta 1,"Game fails to load half of the time, and when it does load I can't launch a flight. I was only able to ever fly once, and it lasted for no more than five minutes before the game crashed."
,Recommended,314160,17278653,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Soldier_BLG18,cool
,Recommended,314160,23668423,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Maikele,i rate 9 out of 11would play again ~XxX-IGN-XxX
76561198178808118,Recommended,314160,29721594,Posted: 5 February,all,matthewheaney11,A good game that i like to paly as it is very relistic as to how flying and aircraft work
,Recommended,314160,15025988,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,RTL33,Awsome game
,Recommended,314160,14065002,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Touch Me,Great flight Sim 10/10
76561198119559669,Recommended,314160,15024665,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Alex,Very good game.Good for low spec PCs
76561198071768491,Recommended,314160,14718870,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Notsgnik,Why? Why!!! Why do you absolutly need to run in administrator mode? Why!!!here the solution to avoid it!
,Recommended,314160,14846576,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SaMuRaI,"Although I haven't spent that much time on Flight Simulator X, I've played since Flight Simulator 98. My favorite type of aircraft is the Boeing 737-800. I just wish they had more aircraft types available, but not at these horrible prices. 1 Additional plane for 21 EUR? I'm afraid I'll stick to the original version I purchased during the Steam Winter sale..."
76561198027258909,Recommended,314160,14450498,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Danzmann ihr Fuhrer des 4º reich,"Don't pay attention at the hours played displayed up there, because I have over 1.000 hours in the non-steam version.The Default Microsoft Flight Simulator X Steam: Edition is a light-realistic simulation game, which is, it has a moderate realistic simulation, physics is kind of Good, and the cockpit interaction is bad and very limited (not that it is bad, but very easy and extremelly non-realistic, as you do not have interaction with even 30% of the cockpit buttons, switches, displays, etc), so what makes Flight Simulator X so popular among pilots and airplane lovers?nothing more than it's gigantic amount of Addons (not talking about Steam's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ addons, I'm talking about third-party addons you find on Just Flight and simmarket.com), like PMDG's, Aerosoft's, Just Flight's and Carenado's ultra-professional airplanes, such as the Boeing 737, 747, 777, Bae Jetstream 41, A320/A321, DHC-6, DC-8, Beechcraft A31, B200, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ others. These are just to point out the most famous ones, as there are a lot other developers and third-party airplanes who wouldn`t fit in a 100 pages review.Flight Simulator X is a fully modular flexible simulator, the default Flight Simulator X in this steam page is not 10% of the realism it is able to reach, in the last paragraph I pointed out about 1% of the addon airplanes out there, but not it is not limited to airplanes, the third-party developers produce incredibly beautiful and breathtaking realistic scenery addons, weather engines, weather and lighting addons, graphic addons, crew addons, airports, flight planners, traffic, and the amazing (totally free) ultra-professional multiplayer that is VATSIM, and a goddamn absurdly gigantic amount of other addons payware or freeware avaiable on the internet.If you want to take a peek of what is a fully-realistic addon powered flight simulator X, just open up youtube and type in ""FSX as real as it gets"" and search for a recent video, you'll know what I mean with breathtaking graphics and realism.Flight Simulator X can be a simple fly-for-fun kind-of-realistic simulator for people who never flown a plane, which is the default FSX, or it can be a breathtaking advanced extremelly fully-realistic ultra-professional as-real-as-it-gets  airplane simulator with over 100gb worth of addons (trust me, my FSX has 133gb in HDD space), it's completelly up to you."
76561198110167267,Recommended,314160,15104459,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,overkillone,Functions good. 5 bucks. Graphics=Archaic.Decent aircraft selection.  6/10
,Recommended,314160,14849534,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,genepooldesign,"I am going to say I am a fan of FS X - but I an going to leave this review at just that.I really have one question: Do you think we're all made of money? I realize that developers need to be paid for the investment of their time...I get that...but the DLC is seriously expensive and this whole DLC economy you have going on completely sucks! You guys could seriously have went the Steam Workshop route and made new planes, gauges, and liveries more accessible to anyone other than lottery winners!"
,Recommended,314160,14135543,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Labyrinth,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,314160,14165630,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MuchoPotato,"This game is a better version of Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004 and allows you to fly a lot of aircraft in singleplayer and multiplayer. With tons of addons and amazing graphics, Microsoft Flight Simulator X is worth the money. It's good that this game was put onto steam."
,Recommended,314160,14076324,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bad Horse,"Some optimisations and compatibility fixes with current Windows versions help make FSX more playable than the boxed version, which is a nice thing. However, if you're a seasoned flyer with add ons or intend to look to third party add ons then be careful. There's a blame game going on about who is responsible for making some add ons work correctly with the steam version. As it's a steam title, updates are likely to keep breaking third party add ons that use code with certain versions of Simconnect and other Dll's. I've found a couple of my addon aircraft will not run at all and some addon scenery that use dll's will crash if enabled.  The third party devs though aren't in any hurry to make changes.Aside from these issues, it's still the great FSX we know and love."
76561198039900485,Not Recommended,314160,24571528,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SL Reaver,Steams Verison Suck major bugs in several aircraft!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198089086056,Not Recommended,314160,22006217,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Leedload,"I bought this with friends to play, but it turned out it was more hassle than it's even worth. You have to go through portforward just to play with your friends and even then the game isn't that great."
76561197978679640,Recommended,314160,18854901,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pommyman - BFG,"Plane go up, plane go down.Plane go up, plane go down.Plane go up, plane go down.Plane go up, plane go down.It's never failed to do that...."
,Recommended,314160,23208477,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,E331N,ok.
76561198134648750,Recommended,314160,17100083,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Chramazon,This game is impossible with a Keyboard and Mouse.
76561198072351519,Not Recommended,314160,24606421,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TwistyFuel,The graphis in the 2004 version were better. Complete waste of money
,Recommended,314160,31305821,Posted: 22 April,all,DigitalCreation,Please make a mac versoin
76561198103988314,Recommended,314160,25785211,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Beta_1123,"Amazing game, price could be a teeny bit lower but 100% worth it especially on sale. Grab it any time, countless hours of fun, it's a shame the DLC costs so much but I'd recommend buying this base and getting the DLC only if you get really dedicated and into it (saying this because some scenery such as Lukla airport isn't very complete/real as it is part of a DLC you have to buy) but if you love flying and have a flight joystick, this is a must have."
76561197971443627,Recommended,314160,15070136,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,KEEPwalking,"Got it on 80% sale, Nothing to comPLANE about, lol plane joke....Very fun, lots to explore, highly realistic.Best fun I have had for ages, navigating with friends makes it even more fun. A two thumbs up game!!!"
,Recommended,314160,13786832,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AlexTheRipper,That's coolest game about planes I like this
,Recommended,314160,29813195,Posted: 9 February,all,Camomanef,Great flight sim. Addon aircraft are reccomended as the efault ones are showing their age
76561198096123849,Recommended,314160,13965272,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[4-31] smash5760,Its ok. steam kinda ruined it tho.
76561198044570399,Recommended,314160,13974056,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ilikellamas,"It's great that FSX is now being supported for the first time in a while, so the updates and fixes that we have been dying to see may finnally arrive thanks to Dovetail Games. 1 note, sometimes when flying, all the text in game such as on the menu bar, in the ATC window and caption text during missions get these weird grey boxes around each letter and the text becomes illegible. Is there a fix for this? Or is it something to do with my PC?Other than that the game runs much better!8/10 - Still the best civilan flight sim iv'e played.EDIT - Since the recent patch a bug has been fixed that occasionally caused the ground to spike and fly around in weird shapes, and cause buildings and trees to float"
,Recommended,314160,29926963,Posted: 14 February,all,ThatKiwiGamer,BEST GAME BEST GAME 10/10
76561198060759330,Recommended,314160,26321882,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,prettyzeus,"it doesn't like working with windows 10, in fact I am told that it is an incompatable program, like games for windows, they don't work on windows, ironic, seeing that microsoft have taken all the money for the games we used to be able to play. but now forced to pay out again. if you can get them at all. microsoft another word for conmen"
76561198044470236,Recommended,314160,14465540,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Snowbird 3D,Work better than the MS:FSX and all of my paid addons are working.
76561198075525997,Recommended,314160,17630348,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,budwheizzah,"Note: MS FSX now also works very well with the Oculus Rift DK2 and FlyInsideFSX. All my Steam FSX hours are logged in nearly flawless virtual reality.This simulator is simply timeless. Despite the older nature of this game's rendering engine, FSX will never die. Its realism as use as a learning tool still today rivals the very best aviation simulators out there. I can personally credit FSX not only for hundreds of hours of fun in the past, but also for getting me into REAL flight school, also having me very well prepared for said flight school.Video ""analysis"" using the Oculus Rift DK2 (more like video ""jaw drop"")http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x32bg2u_oculus-rift-dk2-flyinsidefsx-ms-flight-simulator-x-perfectly-excellent_tech"
,Recommended,314160,19514453,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,OfficialTron117,spent 911 hours trying to land plane. took out alot of buildings...9/11 would land again
,Recommended,314160,17195733,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Sakke,Things that fly
76561198126565240,Not Recommended,314160,15340420,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,jjindians16,"♥♥♥♥♥graphics and everything else, hardly even worth the $5 i paid on sale"
,Not Recommended,314160,32099018,Posted: 31 May,all,BigChewna,"After repeated attempts, troubleshooting, etc,I'm completely unable to install this game.All my other game titles on steam install without issue.I really do wish this would work.I'm going to try re installing once more.It should not be difficult at all to install this,however it has become incredibly frustrating.HELP!Game loads only the Flash image, then Nothing."
,Recommended,314160,29232862,Posted: 13 January,all,D3aD M1c3 V3n0m,i bought the game just to review it. since i alrady have a CD verision of this game from 2006. but the game is 80% worth it. well wy isint it 100?. you see the game is dificult as♥♥♥♥♥♥and that might not appeal to some people. otherwise great game
,Recommended,314160,15122567,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Finalmat,this game is fun but in my opinion this is not worth $20 its worth $5 and it should stay $5.
,Not Recommended,314160,21992948,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bpinator,Simply doesnt work.
76561198272409432,Not Recommended,314160,21438785,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,✪ 7PygawS,can anyone help me i only have a mouse and keyboard and i cannot fly is there any way else to fly planes in this game
,Recommended,314160,23207112,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,RacerGuy91239,I now regret getting a refund. ;[
76561198096162422,Recommended,314160,32800719,Posted: 25 June,all,Buster_67,Great if you are adventurous
,Recommended,314160,20464872,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,<{BA}>DRAGONART777,i am a fan of simulators and this has been fun  and i have had a blast playing thisonly thing i must ask if this ever get's read by the dev'scan add more ground detal  more fxand can you add better life like to crash...  if i land to hard   it just says you crashed lol  kind of blahstorms i love to see morewave's in watercan you add one thing even if this is dlc  i would so buy thiscan you make it so we can buy an airport.and addons to it  to upgrade and allthat be sweet for this gameya i know keep dreaming right......as for what i thank   this is the best simulator i ever played and i have way more hours then 1.3  i just play offline a lotthe game really grabs you in.
76561198297387535,Recommended,314160,29416983,Posted: 22 January,all,55TOPCAT5,they should have an up date of new planes and helicopters
,Recommended,314160,29223623,Posted: 13 January,all,Bondy,10/10 would fly a 747 into residential areas again
,Recommended,314160,23127840,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,-Slav-,Pros: works great with a GTX 950 and a AMD FX 8320e very funCons: laggy (sometimes) bad controls with mouse and i hate how it takes a long time to load (depends on how many freeware and payware you have)
76561198146323027,Recommended,314160,15069496,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,RichardO'Connell,yeah so this game is cool
76561198033156137,Recommended,314160,15073211,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sandman,"Just like the boxed version, but better."
76561198155358324,Not Recommended,314160,19341391,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Andresen123,Not good
76561198001002694,Not Recommended,314160,35251008,Posted: 27 September,all,surfingsimon,"Absolute pile of rubbish. Keeps randomly failling me on training missions 2 and 3 for no descernable reason (theyre super, super basic so its not user error)! Almost punched my monitor!! Renders it useless as a learning tool which is why i bought it. Land textures also look very dated."
76561198155782794,Recommended,314160,14110219,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Trainfan2015,very good game indeed  the only drawback is you need a internet connection to play the game.
,Recommended,314160,14724597,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,30K,Best FlightsimWith the correct Add ons quite awesome.
,Recommended,314160,14438307,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,EtsDriver,"GOT CLARIFICATION FROM DOVETAIL GAMES ABOUT THE SDK:Microsoft has now issued us with clarification on this matter. FSX: Steam Edition does not include a developer SDK and the focus for this release is to provide players with a stable standalone simulator which utilises the advantages of the Steam platform. If you wish to use the SDK it remains available in the boxed edition of FSX and all functionality will continue to work as it did prior to the release of FSX: Steam Edition. There are no plans to introduce a SDK to the Steam edition at this time.*****************************************************************************************************************The gold edition relaunch on steam after Gamespy got down. New desing on the launcher, steam friends showing on there. Multiplayer is good, it doesnt eat much connection, and does the job on GSM networking too. Ability to play as ATC or Pilot in multiplay is good plus. The King of Flight Simulation has gotten up from the grave, and is back bigger and much more evil than it was with addons, and works fine with old free software like PAX and other addons.Simulation is easy to understand, everybody can learn to fly a 747, or even little Cessna in no time!Graphics are not HQ++++ but there are not many Flight Simulations that can do even that without eating your graphics card alive, or heating your CPU over 1000C. FSX was success, and hopefully this re-release of FSX wakes Microsoft studios to new era.Only minus i give this game is the ability to play offline is not yet implemented, but becouse there are no CD-keys anymore, i understand this.Thank you for reading!- ED"
76561198062091008,Not Recommended,314160,20921282,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Rutche,DOSENT WORK ON WINDOWS 10 even after what it says
,Recommended,314160,20649549,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Entity | albi,"Amazing flight simulator, variety of different planes. Good for plane nerds or people who just wanna fly around in a jet/stunt plane etc. I have Windows 10 and it crashes after a few hours of flight, I went on a 7hr flight to dubai from the UK and it crashed 6hrs50min in to the flight... crashes like this a lot :( but excluding the crahses, brilliant simulator."
76561198255801153,Recommended,314160,29972594,Posted: 16 February,all,dlane503,very good flight simulator
,Recommended,314160,16847711,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Happy,Do you love playing games on keyboard and hate controllers and stuff? Then this game is not for you
76561198223713592,Recommended,314160,23605148,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Derick,Just bought FSX Steam Edition in the summer sale 2016 after using boxed edition. Nothing but enthusiastic praise and wish I had done it years ago. I now get frame rates well over 100 compared to 10-15 - and that's on ultra high. Stunning imrovement.
,Recommended,314160,13745545,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,.JayTea,So glad to see this back in action. The multiplayer finally works the way that it should!!!
,Recommended,314160,13568976,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bojack,Take to the skies and reenact your favourite acts of terrorism!10/10 would bomb again
,Recommended,314160,16515952,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mongoosey,"I remember flight sim games from the '80's and loved them. When FSX went on sale this summer, I had to buy it after watching it sit in my Wish List for weeks on end.FSX offers somthing for every fan of flight simulation. It's as easy or challenging as you want it to be. The multiplayer feature is actually fun because everday there are dozens of people who not only play on the servers, but they actually communicate with other players.If you enjoy flight sim games, or if you're just curious about flight sim games, you won't be disappointed in FSX. Buy it, buy it now before the price goes back up!"
76561198065391616,Recommended,314160,13756194,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GeorgeLucas1981,Waiting.....I'm an avid fan of the whole flying and aviation business on the whole.  I have the boxed version of this game with heaps of add ons from full terrain to Rex.  However I find playing it on my outdated windows laptop has its flaws.  Being a hater of windows I recently updated to MAC and now own a 27' iMac.  Please steam brings this Steam version of FSX to the mac paltform.
,Recommended,314160,26486995,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,M N Z .,"Wtf is this, am i talking to myself. oh im reading.hehehehe gotcha.anyway YOU yes you, play it its fun."
76561198115427269,Recommended,314160,17322888,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,eSports Sherm <Hyper X>,"This is a great game for my opinion.I am a real simulator fan so i recommend this to anybody who enjoys sim games.There are some real ups and downs about this game tho,The grafics are terrible :- Most of the planes are undetailed- The cocpit views is not handy and not realistic- Almost no landscape detailsAfter all i do enjoy playing it."
76561198026396507,Not Recommended,314160,14386106,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CHAR SIU FAN,"PLAYED IT FOR TWO DAYS, BECAME A PILOT IN THREE.RECOMMEND."
,Recommended,314160,21387131,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bugsy,Find this on steam.Sale -80%.Think this will be greatTry some missonFly 45 minutes flight.Crash on landingRestart the mission10/10 would waste 45 minutes again
76561198056214087,Recommended,314160,13510127,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dope Francis,Crashed into some towers.9/11 will fly again
,Recommended,314160,13437895,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,YungGravy,I would like if anyone can help me i get a black screen when i click fly now and i cant find help anywhere.
76561198131413584,Recommended,314160,15795041,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Robert,"As flight sims go, FSX is pretty good though showing a bit of age. But the Steam version is a major upgrade over the original boxed version. Features are pretty much the same. What is different is being recompiled and reworked to now work much better and smoother than before. No out of memory errors, etc.But the one thing that would make it awesome is VR support! Please, Dovetail, build in VR support!Vive hits this holiday season and the Oculus CV hits Q1 2016. I've flown Prepar3D (Lockheed's training version of MS FS) using a VR plugin and it really changes the sim. It really does put you in the cockpit. The effect is amazing!We need built-in VR support!"
76561198191685714,Recommended,314160,15783049,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ATOM24$,cool Simulator game
76561198038921688,Not Recommended,314160,15673184,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Duquenne,This Sim is worthless without any kind of expensive add-on
76561198137254806,Not Recommended,314160,18018576,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bulkhead517,it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198072327979,Not Recommended,314160,18127503,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Big Union,"fun for 3 days, tops"
,Recommended,314160,18756326,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,zom798,Great Game! Shame my computer can't handle it =(
76561198121303179,Recommended,314160,17366306,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,chevis28,"This has got a problem, I can start the game but the start menus won't show! Is this a problem with Windows 10 or just the game? PLEASE CAN YOU TRY TO FIX THIS ASAP!"
,Recommended,314160,30570915,Posted: 17 March,all,Teogramm,X-plane is better but this is good too
,Recommended,314160,18687813,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Basterisk,This game really takes (Microsoft) Flight (Simulator X: Steam Edition).
76561198258501375,Recommended,314160,30043383,Posted: 19 February,all,Future Firefighter,The best flight game that i have ever played!
76561198026130139,Recommended,314160,18950253,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,apalmer04,"MS Flight Simulator is ultimately the best game I've ever played and I have been playing it since time began when Microsoft actually brought out version X.  This game is really life changing and it will always will be the best game I have ever purchased.  You can download many add-on planes like the Airbus A380v2, Boeing 737's Long haul and short haul, Citation X Cessna, Carenado Citation and many others and you can fly these with the steam version which is great. Most easiest and  challanging simulator I have ever purchased.  It is far better on a high end computer however, you are still able to play it well on lower end computers without too many problems.  Fantastic simulator best ever."
76561198256194106,Recommended,314160,18892248,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,pds118,Good game. The STEAm edition and support is excellent.
,Recommended,314160,13590498,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,CplMidgetJeff,I cannot get the game running. I have put in numerous admin passwords and even reinstalled it. But every time it says 'Steam needs to be open to run the game. Steam initialization failed.'HELP!But I reccomend as I would love it when I an play
76561198241439874,Recommended,314160,19721524,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,osmartm,HellooYesterday I bought an Europe Scenery but I don't know if you install it  or I have to do it and how.Thanks
76561198082681293,Recommended,314160,16468994,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dawjas,BEST GAME EVER!!!@@!!
,Recommended,314160,16448801,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,marinosval,Essentialy the best simulator out there.
,Not Recommended,314160,17579669,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Paula Deen Green Bean,"I want to use the excuse that this game is nearly ten years old, but there are so many flaws that plague it. From an inside the plane standpoint, it's absolutely gorgeous. The cockpits are nicely detailed and the controls are rather responsive. However, the game itself is barren. The terrain is much of the same, the cities are no different one from another. Alaska, for example is covered in cities that probably don't have the population the city sprites in-game would make you think they did. The worst part is actually wrecking. Don't worry about failing... Or actually damaging the plane. If you hit the ground your plane immediately flattens out and the game tells you to pull up, but other than that you go through buildings and scenery as if it is just there to look at. I wish there could be more responsiveness than this, especially from a plane sim. That makes it hard for me to recommend, simply because once you fail it no longer seems realistic."
76561198030308767,Recommended,314160,17715176,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,KyraMelody,One the best games ever created.
,Recommended,314160,13480768,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,inertiaNBK,"It's now super stable most payware addons work such as Aerosoft Airbus X. It isn't only using a little it of your computer, it is now optimized! I played 1000's of hours on disc i'm happy it's on steam. The multiplayer works as well with steam servers easy to host just port forword."
76561198168406265,Recommended,314160,13445831,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,unacum,"Okay, this version of FSX seems to be a little bit faster than any version I've played before. I even get a nice bitrate with the highest GFX settings applied.BUT:1.) My plugins (especially the great PMDG planes) won't install, since they can't find a version of FSX in the registry.2.) It still crashes unexpectedly from time to time."
,Recommended,314160,15398004,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bob the Builder,Terrorist Simulator
76561198168867050,Recommended,314160,13525425,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,broseinternational,"If you are buying this steam version because some people said it’s smoother and gives more FPS, you’ll be disappointed because there is no enhancement whatsoever apart from the return of multiplayer.I own a boxed version and have acceleration with service parks including lots of add-ons. I get a reasonable FPS in my windows 7-64bits but just like every fsx simmer you never get enough. So when I read the feedbacks here about how it was improved, I decided to give this steam version a go. I bought it yesterday, download took like an hour or so and installation was smooth. I have made few flights now, the truth is that the only difference is that it is a combination of Gold Edition, Acceleration and Service park, and that Multiplayer is back, also uiautomationcore.dll was added to the main directory for windows 8. Performance is exactly the same as FSX Deluxe Edition with Acceleration and service park without any add-on or tweak.I have to admit that I am not very sad that I bought this steam version, but this is because my boxed version is almost cracked and I think it’s a good idea to have a digitally signed one saved at Steam library. Another thing I’m hoping for is that since this simulation is very old and therefore do not take advantages of new and better graphic cards and systems and Microsoft no longer provide updates, hopefully with steam re-releasing it now future updates will be a possibility, if not it is going to be a waste for those who have boxed version already.As for those wondering if existing addons will work. Almost all addons that you can normally copy and paste into FSX will work in Steam version, Mine worked, I have never installed any which needs installation yet. Also I installed this version in the same PC I already have FSX, both are working fine.If you want to read the reviews, from the beginning there is a separate tab for positive and negative feedbacks, which I didn’t notice. The default is positive so make sure to check the negatives also."
76561198020392621,Recommended,314160,13454017,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tonycoolbek,"Over all FSX Steam Edition on its own is a great deal at its current price, espcially considering it includes the Acceleration addon with the latest updates for newer computers. It runs like a dream and for those just starting flight sims this is a steal of a deal.   Easy to play and lots of fun!A word of cultion however, with regards to addons.  Right now from my use most Freeware addons (Aircraft repaints, etc) do work fine.But if you're a hard core FSX Player or Sim gamers or are thinking of buying PAYWARE Addons from 3rd parties at the moment many of these appear to not be compatiable with this current version.Some options you have are currently for these payware items are1. Most payware addons for weather, and ai traffic generators have demos,  I would reccomend trying the demo first before buying it. Odds are if the demo doesn't work the real thing won't work in game. Most demos are basicly just restricted acesses versions of the real DLC so be sure to TRY IT before you Buy it2. Wait for payware 3rd party addons or steam to solve exisiting problems (though some issues may never be resolved so keep that in mind)3. Simply avoid payware 3rd party addons and stick to the basic ""vanaliia"" version: or stick with free ware.4. For the Hard core gamer it who already has FSX, unless you're intrested in the mutiplayer I would reccomend not getting it until such issues are resolved with payware.   But that's up to youOver all the steam addition is great and works really well and if the minnor issues of compatitbility/game version recognition errors this will likely become a MUST BUY game for any aviation enthusiasts or starting sim players.So take to the skies but don't thorw calution  to the wind!"
,Recommended,314160,13495870,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,biokemisten,Sticking to the boxed version for now.. 2 out of 5 stars
,Recommended,314160,13446301,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Perriwen,"Well, it took them nearly ten years to finally get this right. But, works very well on Steam, and it's the same FSX we all know and love...just far more stable."
,Recommended,314160,13446906,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Wickin,"I've never owned FSX but have two other mainstream simulators outside of steam. I wasn't expecting much from the steam version but have to admit that it's far better than I had imagined. Smooth, great FPS, was able to install Orbx Global which works flawlessly so far and also installed the Carenado FSX C185 Skywagon without a hitch. So far I'm very impressed."
76561198287005922,Not Recommended,314160,30548221,Posted: 16 March,all,Pandaz,"Not worth 25$ horrible graphics, ok mechanics but not worth it."
76561198186843926,Recommended,314160,19117479,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,danielledger92,this is a very good simulator and it has everything you realy need and adding plaines is very easy i had a problem with it when i first downloded it but i redownloded and its better than ever i give this a 9/10
,Recommended,314160,16944420,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Pirate5091,multiplayer is back10/10 for being back0/10 for the 8 year old pilots on the servers.
,Recommended,314160,15242777,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jrucks,The game was GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314160,20314088,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mr. Krabs,SANDWICHES 4LIFE
76561198096731822,Recommended,314160,19980373,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Niba,AWWESOEDASDXCKJASME samehjqewasdrhjkfdwedskjfbkjnHN XFJNHESDJLsnfljnLJFNKJnfkjnKJFNJKnfjknJKNFJKNjnjnJnkjnfkjNJNJhyyynefknmONEUOFJBNIKJSEBKJbnjrnjdnfjanfjknKJnkjnjknkjnfdjknKJNKJNFKJANFAKJDNRFUHNEUJN
76561198000547704,Recommended,314160,20006337,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[415]Einhander,Fun
76561198243478604,Recommended,314160,20555891,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Shawn,cant start game any advice?
,Not Recommended,314160,29668193,Posted: 3 February,all,Razrudy,Just keep crashing..........a great game which you can't play and is made by Microsoft for Windows ............and still crashing. I am unable to play for more then 5-10 minutes
,Recommended,314160,25303415,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[RS] Crimson,Not cool anymore
76561198058462472,Recommended,314160,25303575,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,spottyshowers,"Thay are really dragging their feet with this sim.All addons basically expensive airports, single engine prop and military aircraft (YAWN).Wheres the Boeing Airbus passenger big boys???"
76561198272083602,Not Recommended,314160,24411225,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Panzer,Well ive played this game for quite some time and it started to crash so i uninstalled it and re installed it now whenever i load in to fly just as i get into game it starts loading again and never stops doing this.
,Recommended,314160,24421226,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,AppleTea33,:DGOODRECOMMEND :-)
76561198261119349,Recommended,314160,24423080,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pirate_Jim,You can do this.
,Recommended,314160,15556090,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Look What You Made Me Do Pal,Best GameDated Graphic but you can fly the world10/10
,Recommended,314160,30923065,Posted: 3 April,all,NaeSah,Gg no re 10/10 would buy again
76561198038878627,Not Recommended,314160,30870435,Posted: 1 April,all,RhinoZherous,"Useless... after having troubles with a ""missing"" scenery.cfg (which where already installed by steam) I finally was able to ""install"" fsx, but at the end of startup my monitors are going crazy (flickering and weird textures- yes, I have actual drivers) after this show it crashed the whole PC ^^"
76561198153577212,Recommended,314160,23677707,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,leoperez914,bug fix soon?
76561198310180916,Recommended,314160,23701411,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,scottbarcelona747,Great game
,Recommended,314160,23704436,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SaeRi.MZw,Very Good...
76561198123496074,Recommended,314160,22007712,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,CLUSTERBUSTER,"Get it now, no questions"
76561198298634665,Recommended,314160,22669210,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[SSATAR] Mechaneon,Bad controls.It's good though.
,Recommended,314160,21974128,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,alexdoesgaming1,might be a dumb question but I play this game to and I use a joystick to fly and the mouse to look around but it isn't letting me look around with the mouse
76561198257235075,Not Recommended,314160,23014619,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,eytanman1,Crashes all the time
,Recommended,314160,19555733,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LemonCLOUD14,"Great game, not much more I can say"
,Recommended,314160,18500494,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,lorderikir,"Flight Simulator of the Decade!And too many DLCs, there I said it."
76561198086664312,Not Recommended,314160,17667885,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,|C_C|,"I love Flight Simulator bro, but WTF!!!Planes? We have the same of everyting, want the good ones? Just pay like $36 each.Steam version? Man this is really a cake made of dirty♥♥♥♥♥ is like FSX 2008.This version is a really ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,314160,14012811,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SimonC6R,"It's Flight Simulator X as we all know it, but it runs a bit better and it has multiplayer support once again. Most addons still work with it, although some do seem to have issues. The A2A Cessna 182 Skylane and RealAir Turbine Duke V2 both work fine though, and are a blast to fly for anyone wanting to experience General Aviation flying. Anyone wanting to fly military aircraft should check out DCS World first however, as FSX is primarily a GA/Commercial sim."
76561198033056907,Recommended,314160,14034604,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ferretscout,Great game
76561197970545491,Recommended,314160,15325065,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DThor,"This sim comes with a unique history - it should have been dead years ago but a stubborn community kept it alive, more specifically they kept developers alive who pushed the engine harder and farther than it was intended to be pushed, with some stunningly complex and complete simulations of the flying experience being released as addons.  This new release has met with some criticism, such as dovetail didn't listen to the community and releases addons that are weak, old and overpriced.  There might be some merit in that, but in some ways the complaints are inevitable.  On the good side, the sim is 64 bit, more stable and, like it or not, the future of the software.  The actual flight mechanics are ""solid"", I would say(X Plane has more sophistication there), but the addons are phenomonal and more and more are becoming compatible with the Steam version as devs see which way the wind blows.You'll definitely want to get some addons at some point.  I'd go for orbx scenery over the ones being sold here(expensive but just pick the areas you want to fly), ezdok camera(there's a beta for the steam edition that works fine), Accufeel, DX10 fixer, FSFlyingSchool and some of the higher rated planes that interest you(again, the ones on steam are 'meh' at best).  You'll probably want to make a decision on what sort of experience you want - some are really into all the navigation and procedures(real world pilots use them as a decent alternative to a real flight sim), some just want to fly around and look at scenery.  They are two very different worlds."
76561198188125810,Recommended,314160,15345338,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,welchw,"I've had the SE version for a week or two and I like it alot. Smoother operation, easy to start (no CD). I do notice it renders geographic terrain a little differently. Not necessarily better or worse, just a little different. All my addons work fine, although it was thanks to the Steam community forum that I found fixes and config info to get things running well. Cheers to the Dovetail team."
,Recommended,314160,14029465,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Th3 Legend,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EM0-KaAB-5Ethis is me on fsx steam version 37 fps using a laptop
,Recommended,314160,14034785,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Magentium,"SO EXCITED! Finally a version that runs PERFECTLY! Definitely a buy!!! GET IT NOW!!!No more freezing, lagging or stuttering!"
76561198203628408,Recommended,314160,13918385,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,saiprathamesh,this is the best flight sim outthere in the market for a low price
,Recommended,314160,14015532,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,nerferder,"Why dont my fricken payware addons work with the Steam version? Ummm get with it? Other than that it's the same game as the stand alone, unfortunately the addons I have purchased wont work. Sucks to suck I guess."
,Recommended,314160,13913239,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,milibili2,"After long time finally someone started work on this amazing game and fix bugs and glitches, big thanx for that. I recommend this game to everyone who  do not have knowledge about aviation. Don't forget this game is 8-9yrs old so you have to upgrade it with addons.You can find lots of free/payware addons on net like graphics enahancement, airports, ground environments, aircrafts with 'almost' real procedures and manuals with astonishing graphics, simulations of 'almost' real aircraft behavior in airspace which gives you amazing experience. I definitely recommend to everyone!!!"
,Recommended,314160,13924943,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ayster,The best Home Flight Sim :)
76561198034647797,Recommended,314160,14031647,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,rosseyg,I have been a fan of microsoft flight simulator since the early days.  Flight simulator X steam edition has updated missions and runs well on my midgrade pc.
,Recommended,314160,15306281,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SilencedPotato,best game ive seen for a while!
76561198047911341,Recommended,314160,13904669,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Squishy,"Had this Flight Simulator for ever. Best Addon is fsflyingschool, and they have a steam ready eddition.LOVE LOVE LOVE this, was gutted when Microsoft dropped it. So glad it's here now.Hopefully come next winter they'll be loads of new add-ons available on steam.Now I just have to save up. :)  Great for people from 5 to 105, can even get software to do VoiceControl.You can make it as real and complicated, or as fun and easy as you like. NOT merely a GAME, but a FLIGHT SCHOOL.Check out the flight school lessons and manuals. You can really learn how to fly. :)"
76561198010737506,Recommended,314160,15149359,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kharvick292192,"I have owned the box copy of Flight Simulator X for about 6 years now and had come to the conclusion that I would never get it working well without dropping a lot of money on a high end system... until I got FSX:SE. With my PMDG 737 NGX add-on I used to have a very choppy experience. Now I can run with higher graphics settings AND have enough frames that the PMDG add-on (which uses a ton of CPU) is much smoother. I see about a 5-10 frames increase which is about a 25% increase in what I used to get. Even when the frames dip, the game seems to handle it better.Long story short, if you have FSX and want some more frames (which can be vital to a good landing IMO) then get FSX: SE. To me it feels like a whole new game."
76561198188067493,Recommended,314160,15311277,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,englishkids,perfect!
,Recommended,314160,13960070,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,tabsterLasVegas,"I do recommend this but with two MAJOR qualifications:1) I'd only buy it when it goes on sale, which I did. You won't be kicking yourself for overpaying for this. No more than $15.00.2) Don't expect the terrain realism that you've come to expect having used Google Earth and it's flight simulator. For example, just fly to where you live and see how awful Microsoft FSX depicts your neighborhood, if you can even find your neighborhood. Then compare that to Google Earth's flight simulation over your neighhood. Enough said.Then why do I still recommend it?Because it has good cockpit and flight control realism. You could actually learn how to fly many types of airplanes with Microsoft FSX. Just don't look too closely at the scenery."
,Recommended,314160,14020205,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Noraa,"Great Game, Runs way smoother then the disc version and theres is also devlopment for the game! the new DLC ""Around the world in 80 days"" is great! just an amazing game"
76561197996498167,Recommended,314160,14035139,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BingiBungo,Its the best flight simulater in theworld and just buy. Xplane is rubbish this is the opposite
76561198015605669,Recommended,314160,15388129,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,VietVetF4DrvR,Bought and downloaded FSX and it ran for about 2 weeks.  Without any changes to the system FSX failed to start.  Error said it had a problem with Steam.  Wrote Steam support about the issue and never recieved an answer.  I recommend the game but what about some support.
76561198064426838,Recommended,314160,13905272,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Frost,"Pinch me, Im dreaming. My favorite flight simulator of all time is on steam. AND its optimized for the latest cards. Smooth performance, incredible graphics. Steam Integration and multiplayer. Ive fallen in love all over again with FSX 10,000/10"
