user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314230,11457580,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,sharktemplar,"One of the most creative and freeing space games I have seen in a while. It prioritizes its appeal with ""open-world"" exploration. I put that term in quotes because technically you are not even limited to a single world, but thousands upon thousands of separate bodies floating in space. This ranges from asteroids to planets, and no doubt with more to come in the future!Rodina understands that if you give the player freedom, and let them discover and do on their own time and in their own way, the experience becomes more personal, more vibrant, and all-around more involving.With what anyone would swear is a life-size solar system, with life-size planets, and not to mention the 3D arcade-style space-combat currently with a variety of enemy ship types as well as weapons to find and attach to your vessel, Rodina is truly something unique that breaks down the boundaries most games are restricted to in order to guarantee a profit.This game was built with less bussiness, and more love and creativity in mind.I can very easily see Rodina being the next Minecraft if it can get the proper attention, as well as some very vital core elements implemented that it currently lacks, such as:Multi-playerPlanet-dwelling lifeand Dynamic terrain manipulation (digging)Buy Rodina. It really needs a sit-down-and-play introduction before you really feel the freedom of this unique game engine. The potential truly is limtless for this project."
,Recommended,314230,24944710,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,African Space Jesus,"Please... Make it out of early access.Dont give up.Dont be moneyhungry and go to the next project.This game has potential, and potential for a price raise.It is better than no mans skythis game is worth it"
76561197996545574,Recommended,314230,16686605,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"June 24, 2015This game is exceptional.  Given the fact, it is developed by a single person makes it all that more impressive.  The story is extremely engrossing.  The developer even went so far as to add secret story arcs that without a bit of deciphering would never be found.  And, the environments really paint a feeling of bleak lonliness in space.  The combat is fast-paced, but balanced and requires a fair amount of skill.  The difficulty ramps at just the right rate and the enemies are fun to fight.  Ship layouts are fully customizable and have an accessable interface to do so.  The developer is actively involved in the community and frequently seeks player input on the direction of development.All this being said, there seems to be a memory leak somewhere causing my game to have frequent crashes.  However,the auto-save feature is abundantand rarely have I felt my progress wasted.With no non-hostile NPCs, yet, it does leave me wanting.  It contributes to a lack of things to do within the game.  However, the developer has recently begun work on making the first non-hostile NPCs.I would like to see more weapon options for the ship.  As well, I would like the option to eventually set up permanent bases on the planets.  Overall, I would like to see more to do.Of all the early-access titles I have purchased, I feel most justified in paying full price for this one.  I'm honestly excited about development of this game.EDIT 7/6/2015:Thanks to help from the developer, I was able to quickly resolve my crashing issue.  The speed of the dev's response was very fast and requires serious commendation. I look forward to many more hours playing Rodina."
,Recommended,314230,11457637,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Sacheverell,"Early-Access, review current as of 7/28/14Ever since I was a kid, it seemed like a dream to have a game where you could fly around in space, then seamlessly land on a planet. A few games have tried this (mostly unsuccessfully), but right off the bat, Rodina pulls it off beautifully. Entering an atmosphere is intense, and you really get a sense of a given planet's scale as you're hurtling towards it as a fireball. Managed to land successfully on my first go, which says something for the intuitiveness of the controls!Not interested in being a meteorite? There's space combat! Yep, good old shooty fun, right in your own personal ship. Since movement/phsyics appear to be mostly Newtonian, it's less like flying a fighter plane, and a bit more like playing 3D Asteroids. I can tell you that's a lot more fun than it sounds in text: my usual tactic is to cruise-drive up to a group of enemies, spray them in the face, then zip off a few thousand meters in a random direction before their shots land. Tricky, yes. Possible to crash doing this? Oh yes. Very exhilarating!What's that? Don't like being stuck seeing the outside of the ship only? Then wander around in the inside of it! Check out the furniture, play with the knobs, pull the levers, all that good stuff. From start to finish, it's pretty immersive, especially for an early access game. Whether you're checking your radio, messing with your bed, or putting out a massive fire, first-person in the ship just feels right, not unlike seeing FTL from a personal perspective.From a development perspective, Rodina reminds me of how Minecraft was in 2011: loads of fun, and just waiting to be packed with new goodies over time. The upside to this, of course, is players will be able to say exactly what they hope to see, and good ideas might end up put in by Elliptic Games. Given the sheer number of games touting themselves as ""early access"", yet being little more than a proof-of-concept that makes little progress over a year or more, it's refreshing to see a game out there that doesn't pretend to be something it isn't. Devs aren't calling it complete, but they also haven't put up the equivalent of a semi-interactive demo, like many other early access games do. There is quite a bit in here to keep you busy, and given the ambitious nature of the game, I expect we'll see much, much more.tldr: If you love space games, buy this. If you want to fly around and shoot things in space, buy this. If you want to see what is, to me, one of the more impressive space-to-atmosphere landing mechanics systems, buy this. Heck, if you like Kerbal Space Program, buy this!...oops, ship caught on fire while I was writing this, brb"
76561198052015617,Recommended,314230,24924729,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rawrn,"Rodina is a huge scale sci-fi space exploration game, set in another universe.StoryThe story is, as of 1.2.2, unfinished, but it still offers some interesting concepts and superb writing.It's mostly told by picking up pieces of encryption keys, to decode radio messages, also with side stories told through datasticks, from remnants of a ship colony.GameplayThe gameplay consists of combat and exploration, starting from a small asteroid leading up to huge planets.You mostly pick up scraps on these asteroids and planets, from weapons and the afforementioned datasticks/encryption keys.The exploration is the meat of the game, with how massive the planets are, it's fun to just fly around and see everything the planets have to offer, which, as of right now, is mostly barren expanses, but it creates interesting vistas to look at.The combat is also a major point, while not very broad, it still provides interesting situations.As of the latest update (1.2.2 at the time of writing) FPS combat was added, it's inspired by the combat of such games as DOOM, or Wolfenstein, however, it isn't as fast paced as those. Right now, FPS combat is just a proof of concept, and has yet to be expanded apon.The controls are floaty while walking, but the ships controls are superb, if a bit difficult to keep steady. They're also able to be customized to your liking.Audio/VisualsThe graphics are really simple, but they provide an interesting style and charm, not much to comment on.The music is absolutely superb, created by the wonderful John Robert Matz, it ranges from the relaxing exploration of the game, to intense combat music, and creates a wonderful atmosphere to say the least.SummaryProsOutstanding musicImmense scaleGood aerial combatFun and relaxing explorationConsEarly access, so you get the bugs that come with itShort story (goes with the early access thing)Slightly repetetive gameplayVerdictI would recommend this if you enjoy:Sci-fi and space explorationLarge Scale expansesTerrific soundtrackRelaxing games, that can also be excitingThanks for reading."
76561198073134403,Recommended,314230,25135047,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ThunderWarp,"Me: Goodbye, Rodina.Rodina: Where are you going!?Me: No Man's Sky is here, sorry Rodina.3 hours later...Rodina: Well, look at what the cat dragged in.Me: Can I move in again?"
76561197969454892,Recommended,314230,32067261,Posted: 30 May,all,Inignot12,"One guy, just one developer has been tirelessly and consistantly working on this gem for several years now.  I've had it since it was first on early access and I'm astonished at how far the game has come.  The developer (again 1 GUY!) is constantly putting out more content and updates at a rate that would make full studios blush.The game itself is an atmospheric masterpiece.  It is a labor of love to bring one man's vision to life of these alien worlds.  Yes, the alien worlds are not complete ecosystems, but they need not be.  They each have their own felling that is embelleshed by the different colors of sunrises/sunsets, the AMAZING music that each planet has as its theme.It is well worth the asking price, and I hope one day to see a completed release.  Even in it's current state, it's one of the better examples of Early Access developments on steam, period."
76561198241847162,Recommended,314230,17941214,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lord Dake Kai,"POTENTIALLY GREATEST DAMN SPACE GAME MADEThis is with out a doubt theMOSTpromising game I have ever played.Even if they left as is, I am completely content with what I got.The first time in history does a space game truly reflect the vastness of space.Rodinaa new landmark in gaming. It's almost as if I've played nothing but garbage up till now.The first time seeing a new randomly generated planet, the excitement was so great, I burned up on entry 3x.The entire F'n solar system is your playground.Landing on meteors, planets, getting close to the sun. What a thrill.And you even manage your ship. I mean you can redesign it to suit you. Handle transmitons. Finding ammo for ship.Learning from found Data Trans about others. etc etc.Each body mass(planets,moons,asteroids) has diifferent gravity. Which is cool and hard together.Eg...You land on an asteroid that has really low grav. Trying to land your ship is quite difficult. Walking around on it seems easy till you jump and realize you're floating off into space. Now you must use you jump jet. If you run out of power then your boned. F'n awesome, right?And it isn't even done. ONE dev. Ya hear me, just one from what i've gathered.I personaly feel he just b1tch-slapped all other non-indie devs in their face without an 'i'm sorry'.I haven't been this excited over anything bar my first born and loosing virginity.This is the game experience i've been waiting for my entire gaming life. I've been gaming for 33yrs.(i'm 43)I have bought so many space games over the years and none compare to what this is now and what it is gonna be.Dev, you have broke new ground with this. You are truly gifted.No load screens either. Yes ther are minor bugs but they are so minor I can't even remember what they are off hand.RODINAhas officially move to the top of my favorite games of all time. 3hrs at the time of writing this is all i've played.Never have I been so captivated by a title more than this one.Everybody at least needs to try the demo. Not too hard to pick up and get in to the flow of things.I hope stuff like colonies,factions and races come to this game.I believe this could be one of the greatest games ever made. Hands down.If I was a multi-millionaire, I would so back this Dev on this game. You have a rare jewel here and I hope nothing as trivial as money stops this game from becoming what it has to be.I know this was kind of an abnormal review, more like praise, but I do not care.GET IT GET IT GET IT....................................................................................."
76561198021354223,Recommended,314230,32412724,Posted: 14 June,all,Doctor 7-93D,"Now I won't usually review early access games, this will probably be the only one, I also apologize for my poor grammar.Now since that is out of the way let's get on with the review.Rodina is a space exploration game that currently is barebones in terms of content but is being worked on by a very kind and surprisingly responsive developer. The core game it's self right now is as follows.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay in Rodina Is, as of now, mediocre for a space game. You can land on asteroids and planets, or burn up like I did and be amazed by the pretty sights, go in space battles or combat in fps style. You may also salvage data sticks and other supplies. The data sticks are these little bits of the story and surprisingly funny. That's about it, not much, but there may be much more according to raptor (The dev)In terms of bugs there aren't many due to the lack of content, as the game is currently a frame for what's to come. But there is a surprising amount of freedom in customization of your vessel (interior only),and that freedom will only improve as I see.Space combat is surprisingly good, much better then others as the fire mechanic can lead to some pretty intense battles with multiple craft, really makes you have to use some maneuvers to avoid missiles and blasters, but even this can get repetitive at times.Another big aspect of the game is customizing your ship, many of my hours in the game have been customizing trying new layouts as there is simply so much you can do and it'll only get better with time.Another plus the game gets is the lack of loading screens, as this is much better for people who love immersion in their games. There isn t even a loading screen on new game. Speaking of which, The beginning of the game is pretty simple, you spawn on  an asteroid near your ship, after a basic tutorial you get in and from there salvage and fight. That's basically the whole game for now.STORYBelieve it or not the story for this game is very interesting and original (compared to the other space games) and the game currently tells the story through data sticks you find, the story from what I put together goes as: Humanity has grown tired and used up earth, now boarding a massive scale ship, called the Rodina is heading towards a star system called the Zorica system, housing 4 planets and an asteroid belt, now your character who by default is named Sara was aboard a space craft sent to colonize the system, prior to the Rodina.The Zorica system was infested with aliens who destroyed the vanguard and your the only know survivor, your only goal right now is kill as many aliens, possibly wiping them our or driving them out so they don't destroy all of humanity when the Rodina arrives.So the story is very original and the story telling as well is fun!GRAPHICSThe graphics in Rodina have a cute little pixels in them and a nice charm to them, specifically the fire extinguisher affects after putting out a fire. I'm sure there will be many improvements and changes. Its very easy to run and you should be fine running it.AUDIOThe sounds in the game are cute and fun, while the music is simply spectacular, If you want to help Raptor make this game then go ahead and buy the soundtrack as it has a very ominous and star trek feel to it, winning me over instantly.OVERALLOverall Rodina in its current state, can be fun at times but might not be a game you'll play all day, not yet already as it's currently lacking in content but that's soon to change and I have great faith in Raptor for making this good game and if you want to support it too, go buy it as the price range is fair for its current state as well.6/10A good game that's above average at the moment, I'm sure that will change for the better."
76561198045472900,Recommended,314230,28134481,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,orgaya38,"What is more frightening than a God?This question was posed to me upon completing Rodina's main story, as well as the answer, in quick succession.  Not literally, of course, but thematically; I felt that this was the underlying thesis of the entire work.  My interpretation, anyway.That's probably a pretentious way to start.  Okay!  I'll talk about the game now in more literal terms.Short version:Do I recommend?  That depends.  Rodina is quickly becoming one of my favorite games, but that's because it's both a fun  activity that revolves around interesting exploration in a vast, vast world and a vehicle for philosophical quandaring through some pretty excellent writing.  If this does not appeal to you, then no, I don't recommend.  If it sounds remotely intriguing, then yes, I whole-heartedly recommend.  Do it.  Play the demo.  Then pay the 250 that this company sorely deserves (if I had that on hand I would do so in a heart-beat).Long version:I'll describe the game by listing and explaining each facet any game would typically have.Graphics:Subpar.  I find the visuals to be charming, reminding me of a few games I used to play when I was a kid fiddling around with my parents' bulky Macintosh.  Honestly I never cared about the graphical style of a game I'm playing, so long as it doesn't hamper the overall experience (I like Minecraft, for example).  Compared to some AAA games out there, it'd get trampled in this department.  However, I think the initially unappealing look of the game works to the game's advantage, in what I think the game attempts to portray.  I won't spoil, however.(I saw that there was a separate artist for this game, so don't take this as me dissing you - I'm only comparing it to games that have like a zillion dollars backing it and pretty much nothing else, and also I can barely draw a stick figure so take that what its worth.)Gameplay:The actual, full-on, no BS reason I bought this game in the first place was because I read you can walk around in your own ship.  Seriously.  After playing Starbound and finding great satisfaction in essentially piloting a flying house, not being tethered to anything anywhere else, I was greeted with a great sense of freedom I don't find in any other game.  Alas, Starbound was still limited (2D notwithstanding), and I longed for even greater freedom.  Rodina, then, heard my call, burst into my living room, stripped itself of all clothing articles, and demanded that I make love with it.  Of course with the graphics I was mostly aversive but I at least complimented its hair.Okay, okay.  So yes.  Walking around in your own ship - a ship whose interior you can design AND walk around in whilst mid-flight - was just really fun for me.  As was the difficult control scheme.  Learning to fly took a lot of effort, but it made it worth it.  Same with dog-fighting.  I've seen complaints for this, but honestly, I found the hectic nature of the space battles riveting.  Especially when you're in the atmosphere of a planet, having to pay attention to where you are so you don't burn up while also keeping track of the swarm of enemies trying to practice their anti-protagonist agenda.In addition to movement and such, I am also continuously amazed at the size of this world.  It's merely a solar system, yes, but holy cow is it gigantic.  The planets feel collosal, in a way that makes you quickly realize that you're just a speck.  Likewise with the distance between planets and asteroids.  There's just a scope here that I'm still wrapping my head around.  If nothing else, this game seriously hammers in the idea that, hey, space is really big.  Like, bigger than the biggest thing you can think of.  Yes, THAT big.  Some kind of space scientist would be proud.If I had one minor complaint, though, it's that I think the Xenos' weapons are a bit over-powered.  Not against your character, mind - that's just fine.  I expect a rocket to blow your face off.  However, how come a few pew pew bullets can down your entire space-craft?  Especially those homing thingies.  Two of those and you're gone.  Feels kind of uneven to me, but what do I know?Story:And this is where we rub up on the reason I think this game works as well as it does.  I'll get this out of the way, first, though - the writing is excellent.  Delegated to out-of-the-way documents that you can collect, each contain a small part of a short story that interconnects with the greater context of the universe.  It is not required that you read any of them in order to get any enjoyment out of the game, but doing so will deepen the world you inhabit while you murder those poor green men.That is, until you rip through the story without reading anything and get to the end, where you should be thoroughly confused by what happens.  And this is where I fell in love with the game.It's not visibly enormous or spectacular by any means, no.  It'd just generate a small bit of confusion that may compel you to read why it happened.  But for me, this created a thrust that I just haven't seen anywhere else.  A context was created that perfectly married the graphics, game, and story into a single entity - you.  The player.  A trajectory is set at that moment, one that I'm unsure could be stopped, and I think the understanding of that is what propels this game into the profound.  In the end, it made me realize that with the scope of the game's world, the abilities I possessed, and the enemies I've mowed down, I realized what exactly this protagonist was capable of now, and will be capable of in the future.The game at this point asks, what is more frightening than a God?  And you get the answer to that as quick as the question is asked.  And this, Mr. Ebert, is why you're wrong - this video game IS art, and it's art in a way that no other form of media would be able to accomplish.  Or I could just be talking out of my♥♥♥♥♥like some pretentious hipster.Anyway, to all those involved in this wonderful work's creation, thank you."
76561198032016949,Recommended,314230,22979754,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,freezebug,"Get my ship and land on an asteroid. Hit my jetpack to grab a crate. OH NO MICORGRAVITY! Eventually I touch back down on the rock, and resolve to be more careful. I find a planet, sweet! OH NO ATMOSPHERIC FRICTION. I succeed in not exploding AND avoiding enemy ships, and land on a mountain. Ship gives some unstable landing warning I promptly ignore. I grab my loot and turn around. WHERE""S MY SHIP?! Then I see it sliding down the mountain, fast. I hit my jetpack and manage to land on my ship, still sliding. It's going to quick for me to get in, then I see the cliff. Just as the ship goes over the cliff, to be smashed below, I manage to jetpack off and under, so as the ship tips over I shoot into the airlock, hit remote poilot and avoid dieing. I love this game."
,Recommended,314230,11462061,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,bog lord,"Seriously almost started crying at the start of this game, I've wanted exactly this since I was a wee lad watching Star Trek with my family over thanksgiving dinner and then sequestering myself alone in my room to play galctic conquest mode in Star Wars Battlefront. If you like FTL this is almost like FTL in first person aside from the fact that ther is no other crew on your ship (yet?), it is also like FTl in the sense that fires on your ship can very quickly have you over a barrel. Rodina however is better, obviously that's an opinion and they are apples and oranges but this is quite simplyu a better space-sim. the seamless transitions and real time combat scratch that starship itch that all healthily insane humans are burdened with not to mention the first time you activate hyperdrive you immediately go ""♥♥♥♥in' eh how do I control this thing?"" and for the first time really understand how much of a little snot Luke is being when he's bothering Chewie and Han in the cockpit of the Millenium Falcon. Ten out of ten, I look forward to how far this project can push into the final frontier."
,Not Recommended,314230,23776688,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tex,"I can't wait for this game to be fleshed out. It feels good, the base mechanics are there. Finding and exploring planets is awesome. But, right now, it's pointless. The game, despite it's massive scale, is empty. There's no reason to do anything. The novelty wears off after a few hours of exploring planets and customizing your ship. Do I recommend it? No. But that doesn't mean it's a bad game, it's just unfinished. I think it'll be at least another couple of years before this is worth playing."
,Recommended,314230,22189378,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mumen Rider,"I've played a ton of space sims and none of them, even with their amazing graphics, could touch Rodina. It's hard to describe the feeling, it's the realization of how ridiculously small you are in a star system, you just don't get that feeling with any other space game. The first time I saw a planet, broke the atmosphere and landed, and actually took a step off my ship, that was the moment my mind was blown.It's absolutely amazing. I actually teared up a bit, granted I was stoned, but it was still incredible.I know there's plenty to come but I'd love to see a few specific things added, for instance:- Moons, with craters.- Craters (even on some of the dwarf planets and planets with lighter atmospheres)- If it's possible, an earth analogue would be pretty cool, something with trees and water.- Or maybe just a water planet, with bad♥♥♥♥♥storms- DANGER, I think the planets need something unique for each type of biome that creates a sense of danger down on the ground. Maybe some giant alien spiders. Or hundred foot tidal waves. Or tornadoes the size of continents on earth. I want to be scared!Other than that, just more of everything existing, more planets, new ships, more customizations, etc.There are bunch of reviewers calling this game a masterpiece, I think if it isn't already, then it will be eventually. Get this game while it's cheap!10/10 would smoke and space travel again"
,Recommended,314230,16245422,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Crusader,"This game is a gem. Rodina made me feel like a child, playing video games for the first time, again. The basic premise of the game is exploration. You're told you are the last survivor of an alien attack on a starship on which you were traveling. Rodina, the capital ship from which you're told you hail send you an urgent message that you need to gear up and prepare for battle, because you alone are meant to destroy the enormous alien presence in the solar system you now inhabit. As you set off from the asteroid you start on, you immediately discover that this solar system is massive. That it is home to more asteroids than you could imagine. You suddenly feel like you're truly, actually in space, in an alien solar system, far, far away from your home. The immersion factor of the cockpit mode and holoscreens make you feel like the interior of your ship and the exterior of your ship aren't disjointed anymore, like they once were before cockpit mode was introduced. You can now set your ship to cruise, get out of your pilot seat, walk around your ship, and all the while, your ship will continue flying without input, while you monitor its progression through windows (holoscreens). The very thought of it makes me giddy with excitement. The planets you discover, one by one, are each unique. Jarillo, in particular, stood out to me, because of its immense mountains, which make you feel so small when you're on its surface, though in a few short seconds you could be miles and miles above its surface, laughing down at the planet. Its things like that that make the game so wonderful, and mysterious. Rodina manages to keep you suspenseful the entire ride if you decide the pursue the story. And what a wonderful story it is. Alecja and Tavi's personal story is a heartwrencher, and you really get a feel for the other characters you get to know, not only through the encrypted communications you must decrypt, but also through the datasticks you find at every other debris field.All in all, Rodina is a game that deserves your support. If you're a fan of space games, this is certainly a must buy. If you're a fan of exploration, Rodina has more exploration than you could imagine. If you enjoy blasting aliens, Rodina has a hefty amount of combat as well. If you enjoy a story that you must uncover yourself, and feel rewarded for doing so, then this will be a masterpiece for you, as it was for me. I greatly enjoy Rodina, and I can't wait for it to be developed even more."
,Recommended,314230,11463144,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Lowbudgetbatman,"I've spent and insane amount of hours in this game  prior to its release on steam and can say i still play it and get those moments of wonder and joy when encountering enemies, reentry to planets, drifting in space etc. The planets in Rodina are awesome visually. Fly over the edge of Jarilo and see the mist on the mountain ranges, it will blow you away.For you modelers out there the game has a blender plugin that comes with the game allowing you to make models for pretty much anything in game! already have some mods up onwww.nexusmods.com/rodina!In all honesty this game has been a joy, the dev has been in constant step with the community. and i hope people can get the same vibe i got from it when i started playing."
,Recommended,314230,24205411,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,rrr598,"So when you get into the game, you might, like me, go,  ""Wow, big ship that I can walk around in and customize!  This is just what I want-- and I can leave it to speed through space to wander about my ship some more?  SWEET!  Man, this is great.  So could I... open the airlock while flying...?  OH MY GOD I CAN!""And, in your amazed state, you may notice the fire extinguisher placed nearby.  At this point, you might, like me, make a connection to WALL-E and next thing you know, you're in the void  staring at your speeding ship while covered in fire foam thinking:""...Huh."""
,Recommended,314230,25454264,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Uncle Adolf,"If it were to be released out of early access right now as a full game, I'd say it is worth the 15 bucks.However, it is not out of early access, and the developers (2 now) are currently working their butts off to add new features. They have a plan too, and they seem to be sticking to it.IF BRENDON OR HIS BUDDY SHOULD HAPPEN UPON THIS REVIEW (DEAR DEVS):I'm a small-time programmer myself, and I'd like to congratulate you for creating such a stunning game. My projects are not, however, public atm.Here are some ideas for features you should add, classified by easeTRIVIAL:*sit in chairs*sleep on bed*more tilesets and textures, more than 1 bridge tileset... etc.*Diagonal tileset transitions*Jetpack upgrades (More thrust power, more fuel...)*More objects to place in interior build mode*Automatic fire-battling systems (Upgrade)*Flags on side of ship*Phasers/lasers*Adjust ceiling height*Add/change player ship smoke trails*LESS ANNOYING SOUND FOR THE RADIOMEDIUM:*Ship assembly (exterior) from pre-made parts (and import premade parts, and ships made from premade parts)*Flags planted on planets*Quickhull to make simple collision geometry if you don't care to make a seperate model for collision in blender*3-d interior construction (Just do it with layers of blocks)*Automatic interior limit recognition when importing a model*easter eggs on planets and asteroids*Allied xenos or humans or androids*Holographic trophies of planets, asteroids, or space stations to put on the desks*Awarded decor, for getting achievements or doing cool things*Achievements*Docking with space stations*Player model, third person view EVA*Plants*Fans inside your ship for moving air. Make fan  noises*time warp of some sort, warp to dawn? Work with beds???COMPLEX:*Trading economy*Player model customization*Quests involving***Mining***Transport***Real estate (Buy and sell asteroids or land on planets, kill off xenos and claim the lands they defend with capture points or something)*MORE PLANETS*LAN multiplayer*Tractor beams*food*Minigames at friendly space stations (Simple stuff)REALLY COMPLEX (but really cool)*Terraforming (take the naturally generated terrain, then apply changes)*play with physics objects inside your ship, watch things float in 0 g*Aerodynamics"
,Recommended,314230,26540436,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lord Volund,"The reviews said Rodina is ""immersive."" I had no idea.I was in a massive dog fight. My bridge was on fire around me. The music is awesome... right on target with the tension of the moment, and I had to act fast! I blew the airlocks to evacuate the atmo and put out the fire... and had a first person view of being sucked through the ship and blown out the airlock! Now I'm in a decaying orbit 330km above a desert planet, watching my ship burn and wondering if my fire extinguisher will have enough thrust to slow me down so I don't burn up on re-entry. And then wondering if I'd be better off burning up. Wow!"
76561198162573417,Recommended,314230,24871010,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bonus Ducks,A trillion ♥♥♥♥ing times better than No Man's Sky right now.
,Recommended,314230,11460718,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Cannamancer,"Captain's Log Stardate 23.9 rounded off to the nearest decimal point.... We've traveled back in time to save an ancient species from total annihilation... So far no signs of aquatic life, but I'm going to find it; if I have to tear this universe another black hole I'm going to find it.... I'VE GOT TOO MISTER!Okay now that the fun is over, let us get down to business shall we? This game from what I have played so far is everything I have ever wanted in a spaceship like game. You get your ship grab a few parts and you are off exploring, now obviously the game is in its early stages but I can tell this game is going places. Controls as well are smooth good customs too if you don't like their basic setup.All in all I think it was worth the 15$ especially seeing as the game will grow with time(It's already quite massive).I was a little sketched out first thankfully they offer a free demo after playing that I was sold on this title, so I suggest you hit the demo button first if you aren't 100% after you do though be warned you may want more lol."
,Recommended,314230,17017136,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,gnarbarian,"Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ now!I've played a lot of space games and even  written my own. Rodina is the only one that really drew me in and captivated me.   It's the perfect mix of piloting,  exploration, and combat.   Very peaceful and beautiful.  The  art style is minimalist and the particle effects are really cool and helps makes the game look very unique.Combat is extremely fun, and the trails left by enemies help orient you without the need for HUD elements crowding your screen at close range.in this game you really get a feel for the sense of scale. landing on a planet is exciting and dangerous.Fires break out forcing you to leave your cockpit and don a fire extinguisher.   If you've rearranged the interior of your ship make sure to place them in places where you may need them.I would like to see this game extended into a procedural galaxy with more types of planets, moons, nebulae  and destructible terrain. Since this game allows modding I may move forward and try to add in concepts I built in my own gravity simulation/solar system generator.Thanks for the awesome game."
,Recommended,314230,21349415,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Elit3ia,"Let me make this clear; - updates are slow and far apart. But I don't care. Because Rome wasn't built in a day. And this really is a masterpiece to rival Rome. The graphics are simple but beautiful. Gracefully floating above a planet is entrancing. This isn't really a game. This is art. A sandbox filled with art, not just visual art, but audible and literature art."
,Recommended,314230,28726593,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Uncle Phil,"With ""No Man's Sky"" out and everybody disappointed with the outcome, many look for similar ideas and outcomes of what the game could have been. Rodina is the answer to their aches. Rodina is much more than Minecraft in space.Pros:Full scale solar systemTons of asteroids and planets to exploreWall-ECombatInterior designGrav bike (Which I have not gotten yet)Differing climates and atmospheres between planets\Cons:Huge planets with little to do in themSlow to startOnly 1 type of ship (Which mods can fix easily)My only hope for Rodina is for cities or towns to be added to the planets to make them more lively. I look forward to the future development of this game."
76561198053417985,Recommended,314230,31312098,Posted: 22 April,all,Tyriq,"Fantastic combat, a gripping storyline and one of the kindest, most active, selfless developers that I've ever met. Well worth $15. Buy it just for the combat. Yes, this is a good alternative to that *other game...*"
76561198024808016,Recommended,314230,26366071,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sammenspiel,"I never write reviews because I'm lazy, but this one deserves it. This is basically what you need to know:- Music is ON POINT! Truly awesome.- Right now the story is somewhat short, but really interesting.- Controls are simple, yet allow for complex maneuvers. You get full six-degrees-of-freedom, along with real physics-based motion.- The gameplay is super immersive. The transitions between battling in space, landing on a planet, or walking about your moving ship are completely seamless.- There is nothing really stopping you from doing anything. Yes, it is possible to open the airlock as your ship burns up in atmospheric entry, and get sucked out into space... and then you're stuck there with a tiny jetpack. It's fun.- Music is just amazing.- Had plenty of ""oh snap, I didn't know this was a thing"" moments for me.- The developer seems to have a realistic timeline, and doesn't promise anything that can't be delivered. The game gets wholesome updates on a regular basis. Check out the site to see what is planned (or don't and be surprised).Lo recomiendo."
,Recommended,314230,33822921,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"Honestly this game is easily in the running for best game ever made, it's solodev and still somehow manages to be better than even entire AAA titles.Currently (at the time of writing) there is:-literally 1:1 scale planets to explore (FOUR OF THEM!)- Proper space combat with newtonian physics so you have to juggle aiming at the enemies and dodging and not drifting off away from the enemies- FPS sections that feel REALLY satisfying and look like they're taken straight from a metroid prime title- No Loadscreens, everything is streamed straight from the disk (be that in an airlock when moving into a ship or as you're travelling between places) and it really doesn't seem to affect anything to do with the performance.An in depth story that may or may not be mostly finished, but if what i've seen this dev do is a good idea of his effort, it's huge AND unfinished (in a good way)- Actual regular updates that aren't just bug fixes but tend to only add a few small things at a time (this is honestly a much better idea for a game like this because it means the dev can get feedback on each change rather quickly, instead of pushing a huge update that changes a lot of stuff that might take hours or days for the community to properly test).- Like straight up ship interior design, loads of it!- Complete difficulty options, in case a certain aspect is too hard for you, but you don't want to lessen other aspects of the game.- you won't get literally everything done in any reasonable amount of time, this game just has too much to do in one sitting (not that that's in any way bad)literally the only negative i have is that occasionally it bugs out, but these bugs are almost always fixed quickly due to a rather active community that isnt salty as all hell over not getting some features that they want (or maybe those people just up and left early on in development but still, they aren't around anymore at least.overall, like infinity/10 perfect example of game development done right.Just make sure you switch over to the dev beta branch in the properties menu on steam, then you'll get all the proper updates as they come."
76561198059764381,Recommended,314230,22388066,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Crazypyrø0,"I don't really write reviews much, but after experiencing what I just experienced, I felt an obligation to do so. This game is beautiful in every possible way. I just got to what was originally the end of the story, however the developer is still adding to it. So let's go down the basics, starting from (in my opinion) the least important pieces, to the best part of this game.1. Graphics:Quite obviously, the least important part, but a part anyways. The graphics are a bit simplistic, but they get the job done and actually fit in nicely with the rest of the game.2. Bugs:Now, this game is only being worked on by one person, and if you keep up with their developer's updates, you'd know that they're going through quite a rough point in their lives right now. That being said, this game is practically bug free. It's amazing how polished this game isespeciallyconsidering the developers current personal status. I've experienced a total of 2 bugs in this game, and one of them was a crash. Okay, to be fair, the game has crashed twice, but I didn't even lose any progress, thanks to this games marvelous autosave function. The other bug was a graphical bug. I found a strange wall in a ditch on one of the planets. I assume this was caused because of the textures being combined at the edge of the planet. It's like folding a flat blanket over a sphere, you can still see the seams. However, as soon as I was far enough, I couldn't even see the bug anymore.-Addition: I just tried edditing my ship to make a few changes, and in the entities catagory, no matter what I choose (Move, rotate, or delete), I can only rotate an entity. The statement above still apply, however.3. Sountrack:The soundtrack to this game is gorgeous, and stunning. I love every bit of it. It fills you with exactly the same feeling that the rest of this game does: a feeling of being alone, but not upset, or sad, but joyful. It's hard to explain how you can be so lonely without feeling any sort of bleakness.4. Gameplay:This subject will be split into multiple parts, as there's a lot to cover.I - On planet/asteroid travel:This is the first part of the game that you experience, and the part that you get the least of. It's easy to understand, only using the standard WASD controls, F to activate things, G activates a flashlight, press space to jump, and press space again to activate a jetpack. You'll only really be in this mode for a few seconds when collecting this out of the ship, and to activate a few things inside the ship. Easy to understand, simple and easy, not overused, and a good addition to the game.II - Flight/solar system travel:The most common part of the game. There are four different flight speeds, all of which you unlock within the first 30 minutes of playtime. It has a very responsive control system that's very satisfying to use. There are also scanners that you can place inside your ship. These act as a map to help guide you through the massive solar system.III - Combat:This can be really easy, or really hard depending mostly on one variable: the number of enemies. Though the combat is just a responsive as the flight system and very satisfying, the enemy A.I. is very limited and not very advanced. Taking on anything from one to six is a walk in the park, while seven and up will have you tearing your hair out. This is due to how the enemies attack. With no self preservation, they just come flying at you shooting the whole time. This, however, isn't that bad, considering that their top speed is the equivelant of your second speed, so in the event that you need to retreat, or go to the other side of all the enemies, it is easy to do so.IV - Ship customization:This part was a lot of fun for me. It may depend on how much you like customization, but personally, I would not recommend using the default ship, so customization is almost a manditory part of the game. The game allows you to load up an empty map and go to town with every tool at your disposal. A tutorial for some, would be nice, but I found no problem with picking everything up. Customizing your ship adds value and care for it. It makes it feel like it's reallyyourship. I might not have liked this game nearly as much were it not for the ship customization.5. Story:This part is what inspired me to write this. I will not say anything about it, except that you have to read the encrypted messages. The encrypted messages are the main story, everything else is just fluff. Quite nice fluff, but just fluff. If you have not had this game spoiled yet, you have to buy this game now. Do not look up the story. Go into it completely blind; you'll thank me later.That concludes this review. If I had to rate this game, I would give it a 9.8/10. I have to take that .2 off because of the few and far between bugs, and slightly dodgy graphics, but I hardly noticed any of that. I love this game and would recommend it to anyone who will give me five seconds to talk. Buy it now."
,Recommended,314230,23379567,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,BVLoX,"When I finally got a liminal drive, the game told me I should explore some planet named Jarilo. Planets, you say? Too boring! I decided to check out the sun instead.I got too close and burned up. Reloaded. Tried to rocket away, but this close to the sun its gravity was inescapable. Burned up again. Reloaded. Now my respawn point was so close to the sun that I kept burning up in seconds.Since I would have to restart the game, I decide to perform a final gesture. In my next reload I left the ship pilot screen, walked through my spaceship, opened my airlock and jumped out. My ship dropped away from me and I was left alone, falling into a sun that would soon inevitably consume me.10/10 would be consumed by the sun again"
76561198016233472,Recommended,314230,13268754,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,lp27 [GWJ],"Originally it was my intention to register my review after a couple of hours in this game, but rather than record my thoughts whilst surfing on a wave of Rodina euphoria, I decided to cool my jets and spend some more time reflecting on Elliptic Games debut offering. For those who are not interested in reading on, I can tell you now that Rodina holds up as one of my best gaming experiences of 2014.To begin with I'll address the topic of Early Access: Rodina stands out as one of the more robust offerings from the alpha pile currently on Steam. The major mechanics are all solid and the one or two bugs I have encountered have not upset my experience. Furthermore, Rodina offers a freeroaming play style for those of you who would prefer to save the story beats for a more feature complete version of the game.In game, Rodina offers players a space exploration sim with jaw-dropping world design, customisable ship interiors, collectables, combat and an impeccable musical score. The almost seemless transition from planet surface to ship interior to piloting out of the atmosphere is key to the immersive experience and this will only be enhanced in subsequent updates with the inclusion of cockpit piloting mode.Keyboard controls are on the whole functional, however playing with an XBox 360 controller feels far more intuitive and the developer has eluded to this being the standard input for play-testing. Graphically Rodina looks very pretty, particularly when you dive down into the atmosphere of the vast planets, however this is countered by far more blocky animations as seen during ship fires or firing up the limnal drive. Strangely, this juxtaposition seems to work well for Rodina, although Elliptic has suggested that these graphics are merely place-holder at this time.In terms of gameplay, Rodina has a solar system which rewards exploration. At the hundreds (perhaps thousands) of 'sites of interest' dotted around planets and asteroids you will find weaponry top-ups as well as memory sticks which serve to flesh out the world around you. These breadcrumbs are welcome reward for stealthing or fighting your way past enemy vessels, the latter of which proves to be the most challenging aspect of the game.All told, the current version of Rodina offers a beautiful world for players to delve into. While item collection and ship-to-ship combat present more traditional gameplay hooks, I have found myself enjoying this title more for it's zen-garden qualities. Watching the blazing red-sun rise over the ice-canyons on Morena while stood next to your personal space ship is superbly cool.The developer, Brendan Anthony, is actively engaged with the community and has excellent calibre in his previous body of work. Impending updates will inevitably increase the variety and functionality to Rodina, however the game in it's current state is already well worth your time and money. Play now, thank me later."
,Recommended,314230,20528676,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Monolisk,"Not gonna lie when i first saw this on the store i passed over it primarily because it was early access (not a fan of most) and i wasn't overly impressed with the graphics. however, i downloaded the demo and was pretty much instantly hooked. i love the flight mechanics, the fact that you can land on any asteroid/planet in the system, the combat is fun, and most importantly the discovery of story elements clueing you in on what happened and whats going on.All around i have no complaints about this game, the graphics aren't up to what i normally play but they definately work for this game and the story elements keep me hooked wanting the next piece of the puzzle."
76561198056903463,Recommended,314230,21535908,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ferality,"I've tried to write this review four times now, and every time i end up trashing it for one simple reason; all told, Rodina must be experienced to be understood. Anybody who's played EVE and wished for a simpler UI, or played Elite: Dangerous and wished for less simulation and more art, Rodina is your answer. If you're tired of Star Citizen already, or waiting for No Man's Sky, Rodina is your answer. There's a free demo, and regular sales, and that's all you really need to know. Get it, play it, join the experience."
76561198061378073,Recommended,314230,25014347,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bodega,Fell out of ship while looking out of the airlock at the pretty skies.Ship kept going without me.Goodbye ship.
,Recommended,314230,20223050,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[MBF] WrathOfAthens,"Living proof that a game does not need to have good graphics to be fun, creative, and even thought provoking.UPDATE: Okay, so I've played the game for a longer time now and OOH BOY is this game good. The plot is far more devloped than I would have expected and each acomplishment you make thrusts you into a new relm of discovery. Rodina is a game of discovery, self-awareness, and loyalty."
,Recommended,314230,24926643,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,雪村村长IGNI,I use the refund of No man's sky and bought this.  <3 <3 <3 keep the development going plz -3-
76561198124168695,Recommended,314230,31005549,Posted: 7 April,all,Frog,"Overall this game is pretty good...Pros:Space ships to fight.Real planet sizes.Ship which you can manage the lay-out of.You can crash land yourself.No loading screens.Good penmanship when it comes to reading out the story.You can scavenge on planets.You can crash into the sun.You can ride on a hoverbike!Neutral:Fun dogfights but the combat system is not in-depth, you just kinda shoot but there is more than one bullet type.Aliens aren't really a threat when in a fight with them but still fun to fight.Only some guns but also fun to shoot.Graphics are good enough, but may need some improvements.Cons:Planets are barren, maybe add in some flora?Not much to explore on the planets.Ship management is not in depth.Not many items to get.Not a lot of sounds.As an indie game, I would give it a low B, like 83/100"
,Recommended,314230,24413891,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AIOUY,"This game, where to start? Though It lacks universe as expansive and filled as those of Elder Scrolls, Fallout or Half-Life. Nor its mechanics revolutionary It has something that few games, if any have had and that is a story that could fundementally change the way we think about the defining factors of what make us human. It had substance beyond flying from planet to planet to gather more and more information. Perhaps this is because these shards of information though at first seemed mundane became more and more revolutionary eventually questioning the basis of what makes us human.So I floating away through this bare bones universe began to question ever more what made me human, was it free will, empathy or something else? Is free will truly only for humans? Or does it belong to all? As I logged of this game last I felt a pang of guilt, like I owed it to myself to play more of this game that fundementally changed my views. I will not ruin its truly unique story for those of you reading this. I will only strongly recommend that you purchase this game because eventually you will come across it when it is further down the line. Having heard legends of its story and you will purchase it this time because now you have pressure to, but you will still regret not purchasing it that first time, you will regret not being part of something extraordiary.(10/10) This game has potential like none other, don't let us down jimbo."
76561197986801491,Not Recommended,314230,18781697,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Javin,"With the reviews on Steam, I purchased this game thinking there must be something I was missing in the videos.  Maybe the game truly was ""life altering?""Sadly, no.  Even the developer himself says, ""However, there isn't currently enough content or gameplay. That's what I'm working on right now!”He couldn't be more correct.  It's semi neat to fly from one planet to the next, but this is becoming old hat in modern video games.  Other than that, there's really little to no gameplay at all right now.  Fly to a planet.  Find a + sign.  Land.  Collect empty crates, empty barrels (neither of which currently seem to do anything) some missiles and a couple of pink crystals.  One will let you continue the storyline in the form of encrypted e-mails which you read, and the other will give you a data entry of some passingly interesting letters collected from the previous inhabitants, which you read.  Fly to next + sign, shoot bad guys with the missiles, rinse repeat.I played the game for two hours with no change.  If there's anything new introduced later, then the game has pacing issues.  If not, it's just not enough content for a $15 game.  Perhaps in the future it will be, and at that point I'll revise this review.But as it is, my rule of thumb is that I should get about $0.50 per hour play time out of a game.  (Thus if I pay $50 for a game, it should be roughly 100 hours of play time.)   As this game cost $15, and I got less than 2 hours out of it, I can't currently give it my recommendation."
76561198107044964,Recommended,314230,26080411,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lowel,Compare this game to No Man's Sky:A fraction of the sizeTwice as entertaining.
76561198068101523,Recommended,314230,13426574,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,willtheace,"This game is a masterpiece. At least, it has the potential to be.I just finished the storyline thus far in the game, and I must say it left me speechless. The story is thrilling from start to finish, although it does require some reading (trust me, it's worth it).As far as gameplay is concerned, I found it challenging, but not frustrating. I enjoy games that teach the player and then test the player's knowledge and adaptability. This game executed this flawlessly. The enemy ships in Rodina start out small, like a couple of fast, low-firepower ships. As you progress through the game, you have to fight larger, more powerful ships, and usually a different strategy is required. I would describe the combat itself as a spacecraft dogfight. The main weapon is a machine gun-like weapon with an enormous spread. At first it seemed unappealing, but I grew to love it with use, and so will you. The game has four (so far) different secondary weapons, and the player may only select which secondary weapon to choose while inside the ship, using its operations computer. This forces the player to choose the secondary weapon outside of combat, which means you must plan your battles.I could go on and on about the gameplay and never get tired of talking about it. Rodina has many interesting features and challenges to keep the game interesting. For example, if your ship takes enough damage, you may have to leave the controls to fight a fire inside your ship with a fire extinguisher, or else slowly lose health until your ship explodes. Also, when entering a planet's atmosphere, the player must control the ships speed so that it doesn't differentiate into the atmosphere. Also, the controls become unstable during this, adding to the challenge.Another fantastic feature of the game is that it is, of course, completely seamless. Even in hyperdrive mode, as you cross an entire galaxy, the only discomfort you will encounter is a tiny drop in fps.This game is amazing. Sure, some things can be improved and added (most of the walking around, planet surface walking, player weapons like guns), but there is plenty of room for more features. Personally, I'm excited to see the next chapter of the Rodina story. Do yourself a favor and get the game, it's a great experience and you will follow the development of a fantastic game with a riveting story."
,Recommended,314230,30764405,Posted: 26 March,all,Izzy,"Amazing dev.Amazing game.Amazing concept.Amazing visuals.Amazing soundtrack.10/10 - This game is absolutely incredible.* For those worried about the price, you can choose what you want to pay for the game on the developers website. It goes as low as $2.00."
,Recommended,314230,16286068,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Not on Fire,"You are an astronaut trapped in a distant solar system with many questions and one very fast ship. You can land on any asteroid or stand atop any mountain, if you don't burn up in the atmosphere on your way down. Everything is rendered to scale with completely seamless transitions. There are enemies, but you can take them; there are mysteries, but they are just another excuse to go exploring. This is all so ambitious and novel that the game engine was developed completely from scratch, not out of hubris but because maintaining immersion at such variable scale simply isn't possible in any mainstream game engine.It can only get better from here."
,Recommended,314230,25044071,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"I got asked by friends online if they should get No Man's Sky and if it was worth the money...I simply just link this game without a word.Rodina is, by far, the best exploration game currently on Steam. A definite must buy."
76561197969847656,Recommended,314230,31583336,Posted: 6 May,all,Hell_MINTH,"This game is phenomenal.  Absolutely fantastic!  It's built in an old-school style, with no loading screens, no waypoints, no tutorials, no dumbed down guidance.  It gives (nearly) absolute freedom to go whereever you want, do whatever you want (aside from a minor planet-locking system, which is not grindy and well-done IMHO).  The game plays completely in first person, or allows you to move about in your ship first person and fly third person (I personally prefer all first-person play).  You literally press a button, while flying, and can walk about your ship as you fly, totally seamless.  You can open your airlock (while in space) and get sucked out as the interior atmosphere escapes into space, you can jump out of your ship while planetside and drop to the planet.  Atmospheric re-entry is extremly cool, and gives you the feeling that you are in a real spaceship being tossed, turned, and burned as you plunge.Gameplay mechanics perfectly follow the KISS (keep it simple stupid) principle, there are debris fields all over the asteroid belt and the four planets, which are inhabited by Xenos (hostile aliens) who attack you from various ships, and also on the ground in a sort of ""Tribes"" like FPS combat.  As you gather debris and encryption keys from the debris fields, more of the story unlocks (all text based).  Don't be dissuaded by the text based story, it is extremely well written and pulls you into the game like a good book, and has a fantastic twist.Probably the very best aspect is the musical soundtrack.  It flawlessly captures the feeling of lonesome space sickness, the awe of extra-solar planetary exploration, and changes thematically depending upon your position, with each planet and area getting it's own theme.  The music is in an orchestral style, and holds it's own against the likes of John Williams (Star Wars).Can't wait to see where this developer takes Rodina next.  Speaking as an older old-school gamer, this game is absolutely the best thing to happen to space games since LucasFilms in the late eighties.All that said, if you are a multiplayer fan (I am not), I don't know that this would be the title for you, as I don't believe the developer has worked on netcode or has any plans to incorporate it (fairly certain here).  Also, there is no voice acting, and no top-of the line animations, though what is there (animation wise) is extremely smooth and aesthetically pleasing in it's own right.  Also, while the planets and planetside landings are extremely cool, and the seamless nature of the game makes them fun to explore, they are rather barren, and could use quite a bit of love.Can't recommend this one enough, it stands with the best classics."
,Recommended,314230,24142844,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Maerarde,"I bought the game at 1am after I finished work and played until 8am in one sitting.It had an incredibly engaging, indepth, gripping, thought-provoking story.At first I was just flying around and experiencing the mechanics of the game, which I love.The flight is much simpler and streamlined than other space simulators, with an easy to understand interface.No loading screens means 100% immersion that never breaks.If this game had VR support it would take the cake.The way you unlock mechanics through in game events is very fluid.You can also customise the interior of your ship with a fairly powerful editor.Then, while usually I read slowly I started reading the logs I was picking up and became enthralled in the story.Instead of flying around to fly around. It was fly around to learn what happens next.I won't spoil it for you because it was one of the best experiences I've had in a while, better than watching a good movie.Exquisitely crafted and I will be watching this game for updates because it can only get better and better.4/5 Amazing with potential."
76561198064474628,Recommended,314230,32751248,Posted: 24 June,all,Silver,"This game is wonderful. The developer made so many smart design decisions. The music enhances the gameplay experience and sets a tone of adventure, wonder, and potential danger. The design of the ship is charming and believable, as it originally had a sizeable crew. And the holographic viewscreen design is gorgeous.The tutorials and explanations are very clear, although initially I didn't understand that the ship had default weapons other than missiles I picked up as this wasn't indicated but it's a minor oversight. I also enjoy that the ship's health regenerates after not taking damage for a time. This signalled to me that the game would focus more on adventure and exploration rather than wasting the player's time gathering resources, like in many other open world exploration games.The ship to ship combat is fun and intuitive and I also liked the fps combat. Fighting in a low gravity environment with a deep space background against multiple jumping enemies reminded me of some of the best parts of unreal tournament (in terms of the atmosphere; I don't mean to imply the gunplay is as nuanced as a more narrowly-focused fps would be expected to be). Also, the writing seems solid thus far. Each entry doesn't read as being from the same voice, even if it was written by the same author, which is a plus for immersion.I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in a fun and easy to get into sci-fi/space exploration game with great atmosphere and honestly fun gameplay."
76561198018453980,Recommended,314230,16254295,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Osiris,"If you like exploring and space combat Rodina is pretty fun.It has simplistic graphics but the gameplay is solid.Try the demo, it lets you play the full game for 1 hour so you can get a feel for it.Recommended."
,Recommended,314230,24946262,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gentleheart,"TL;DR - Recommended.  If you aren't sure, then play the free demo.Unfinished, but still easily worth the price.  Aspires to be Daggerfall in space.  Already immersive.  Fun flight gameplay, Unreal/Quake style FPS gameplay.Because I don't want to forget, I'll mention this up front: the music's great.  There aren't many tunes, but they're all very evocative of whatever environment or situation triggers them.You can edit the layout of your ship; the current assets are simple, but still enough to keep you busy personalizing it.  The exterior shape is static regardless of how you arrange the interior, but the interior is still a physical place that you walk through to get to the cockpit.Piloting the ship actually gives the feeling of navigating a massive, largely empty space.  You've got four ""gears"" depending on how far you want to go and how fast you want to get there.  The ship manages to feel ponderous at some speeds and agile at others.The exploration involves flying your ship to a celestial body of indeterminate size, landing your ship, and then getting out of your ship and grabbing the loot.  There are text logs that provide information on the culture and context of the game, ammo pickups for your ship, and upgrades to let you visit specific places.  The planets are bare, but terrain is quite varied.  Counterintuitively, the closer you get, the less detail you see.Dogfighting has been implemented - quite well, I think - but there doesn't seem to be any progression, so the enemies are exactly as tough several hours in as they were at the beginning.  You have your infinite-ammo chaingun, but you can also pick up ammunition for special weapons.I've seen three types of enemy ship in space (scout, bomber, battleship) and an additional one in atmosphere.The FPS combat takes place in procedurally-generated pieces of debris.  For me, the easiest point of reference is Nethack.  Rooms of random size connecting to other rooms of random size, although thankfully Rodina lacks the dead-end tunnels.There's only one weapon at the moment, a Megaman-style blaster, and only one type of enemy with the same weapon.  However, being from the old school of FPS gameplay, the combat tends to be frenetic and challenging rather than dull.  Lots of strafing and either rapid clicking or twitchy charged shots."
,Recommended,314230,11608148,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Korvyr,"So, first I flew into the sun.The game didn't try to stop me, didn't try to teach me where to fly, nor did reality break and let me fly through the sun to avoid an untimely demise. Instead, my ship started to give me a warning about solar radiation, followed by my ship more or less melting in the extreme heat of the sun's outer layer with warnings and sirens blaring the whole time. After which, the game told me that I died and that was that.So, next I few into a planet.I melted in the extreme heat of entry into the planet's atmosphere, ignoing my ship's pleading warnings about too steep of a trajectory. I died.So, after that I flew into an asteroid.I blew up on impact. Then, too, did I die.I'm not saying you will die a lot in Rodina, such as when I dove head long into a large hostile space battle soon after playing chicken with a space boulder, I'm saying that Rodina gives you plenty of opportunities to die. Not only are enemy spacecraft seeking your death before someone or something else can claim you, you've a galaxy of reality to explore physics with. No loading screens, no auto-pilot, just you and your ship against the universe.And for those of you out there not seeking your deaths, Rodina gives you the tools, the inuitive controls, and the weapons to stay alive as well if you're that kind of person. Oh, and you can customize the interior of your ship."
,Recommended,314230,26448005,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"I'm a huge fan of sci-fi stories about AIs and the fragility of spacefaring civilizations. Rodina is basically an Isaac Asimov novel, but better - it put me in the shoes of a robot given conflicting and illogical orders from humans. It put me in charge of the survival of several species. It made me feel what it's like to be treated like a machine in a way that no book ever did.Rodina might not be for everyone, but if you have an active imagination or a love of sci-fi, Rodina is a must-have."
76561198035997724,Recommended,314230,15789996,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Are You Juicing Bro?,"Its simple, the games point is you go off and explore.But how do you do that?Where do I go first?Should I land here or there?Which way should I explore?Wow. Look at it. Space is beautiful.Ok I'm done here. Oooo look another astroid across the way. I think ill go there.And theres another one...And another...And another...And another...And another...And another...Etc...This game, it's something special. Even if this game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the future (Highly unlikely from what I've seen) I wouldnt be sad I forked over $15 for it in the state its in right now. Theres just something about it. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a unique experience."
76561198094717193,Recommended,314230,13628675,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,secondri,"This game.. Oh boy this game.There are so many things to love about this game. To get started, this game is a space exploration game in which you can Pilot a very deadly (If used right.) Spaceship. You can discover astroids and find abandoned treasure such as missile's and lost info, You can run into enemy ships and take them down. You can visit planets and conquor all the enemies lurking there, build your own massive spaceship, or just fly around space, on a massic scale.(Pros)+Easy to learn controls+A massive amount of things to discover, such as astroids or even planets.+The Soundtrack. It is AMAZING. OH MY GOD IT IS A BEAUTIFUL DYNAMIC ORCHESTRA SOUNDTRACK THAT I LOVE.+Runs smoothly on most windows+Combat is easy to learn and enjoyable+The sheer size of the galaxy. Astroids are small, have little treasures on them, but there are THOUSANDS on them. Seriously, you could count. While there being a small amount of planets, they are HUGE. GIGANTIC. Massive mountains to fly over, tons of treasure to discover, enemies to fight, and the scale of these planets could be considered THE SIZE OF EARTH. Not joking, yet not guranteed.+No loading screens.+The ability to fully customize and build your own ship.+Many more things I personally enjoy, like entering the atmosphere of planets, and the enjoyable feeling of the combat.I could go on about the pros, but lets not waste to much time.(Cons)-Limited space to build spaceships, you can't have them go on forever.-Missiles are unable to counter, which I can understand, this game is still in alpha, and will probably have alot more things added.-Enemies have extraordinary accuracy. While not dealing to much damage, they land almost every hit, but this could just be considered adding to the difficulty.You could say I lack some cons only because I am trying to defend the game, but that's not true. Rodina is a masterpeice and if you love adventure, combat, exploration, building, or even space games in general, this game is for you!11/10"
,Recommended,314230,20609052,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,AIalex,"I find it hard to reccomend games that are in Early Access. Many are usually more or less incomplete games, so Early Access, for many games, is essentially an excuse for Beta testing without having to pay anyone. However, there are some games that are a full, complete game even in early access, and provide new and interesting content untill the developers feel it's ready to fully release. Rodina is NOT one of these games. So the question is, why do I reccomend it so much?The answer is simple: Rodina is a very open, very easty-to-play, and very fun game, and will one day be something amazing.As it stands, the world is very baron and empty, with only a few game mechanics involved, which includes flying around, collecting things on the surface of planets and asteriods and flying. I wouldn't callt his a complete game at all. However, what is in there are plots with a dark sense of humour, as well as what is so far an interesting main narritive which, althought it can be hard to follow at times, keeps you wanting to find more things.But easily the main reason i'd reccomend this game is atmospheare. This game has such an immense sense of scale, that coming right up to the sun and seeing its size actually made me feel ill it looked that big. And the flying mechanics are absolutely great too. And planets are planet-sized. You could fit the GTA5 map on the smallest plannet dozens of times over with ease. Each planet has a unique feel to it and all are worth exploreing, as long as you can get past the enemies.This is where we reach the weakest part of the game: the combat. I am really dissapointed too, because this is finally a game that makes me feel like i'm flying around in 3-D space without having to learn too many complex controls and yet the combat system is so broken. Perhaps I am simply bad at the game, but the enemies take way too long to die, and the extra weapons you find on the ground are very limited and either don't add a whole lot or are pretty much required to stand even a chance at beating them.But again, this is where I still want to keep reccomending the game. I know for a fact that the combat system is going to be improved eventually, and I am sure that it'll be better and more diverse. I have a lot of faith in this game and I would at least reccomend getting the free demo, to see if it's the sort of game you'd like.In conclusion, while most Early Access games are a game which feels like a tech demo, this Early Access game is basically a tech demo which feels like a game. Pick it up now, because over time I feel that this game will start getting really good, and the price may go up."
,Recommended,314230,22900541,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"A Knight Who Says ""Nein!""","This game is truly a force to be reckoned with. With the true, exploration feeling that lives inside each and every one of us, spaceship battles that remind us of the good old Star Wars days, AND THE FACT THAT THE CELLESTIAL BODIES (and the space between them) ARE ♥♥♥♥ING HUGE!!!!I cannot really be upset about the lack of content, because the lone creator of this game, Elliptic Games, is trying his everything off to make everything better, cooler, and spacier. So do keep an eye out for this game later on.THANK YOU FOR THIS GAME. I know this comment is quite biased due to my adoration for space (and sometimes the caps lock key), but trust me, is like a brain ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for your curiosity.Might as well change his name to Epileptic Games for the amount of effort he's put into this."
76561198064211911,Recommended,314230,14488084,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FC109-K2_XXv,"Quite simply, this game is a paradise for those who enjoy massive desolate landscapes to wander, if youre expecting a good rpg, this isnt it, if youre expecting a wonderful combat system, this isnt it, this game, at its very core, appeals to the players sense to want to see more. Ive spent hours upon hours exploring the glaciers and trenches of morena, scaling the massive cliffs of jarilo, bouncing around on the THOUSANDS of asteroids in the outer belt, if youre looking for the perfect game to explore, to experience, this is it, even if it never had any more developmental progress made, this is still, and alwasys will be, worth the 15 dollars, I recommend this game if youre looking to explore a massive world, nothing more, because thats all this game is, exploration, and its done almost perfectly.Not taking into account the promises of future expansion, this game is absolutely worth every penny."
,Recommended,314230,34265702,Posted: 15 August,all,haha_titan,"Rodina is a fun game. I was a bit uneasy paying £10.99 for it at first, but it was worth it when I went ahead and did it.As of now, my primary gripe for the game is how ""empty"" it can sometimes feel. While that is a downside I have, it also adds to the atmosphere, which from another perpsective means it can be seen as an positive aspect. It's rather hard to explain.The game is simple: You get a ship that you can fully customize the interior of (Including how many floors it has, as per a more recent ipdate), and you get sent off in to space. Currently the story isn't fully implemented, but from what we have so far I can tell it's going to be interesting.Planets are the main attraction, I would imagine. They are utterly massive and I was in awe at the sheer scale of them when I first tried to land on one.The combat isn't the best, but it's fun. It's very basic and works for this type of game, I think.All-in-all, this is a game you should at the very least keep updated on. If you don't think it's worth £10.99 now, it is most certainly a game worth keeping on your wishlist until the amount of content (In your opinion) is worth it."
76561198085530635,Recommended,314230,28282096,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Burrito119,"Rodina, for having a story that plays out entirely by text, has one of the best stories I've read/played/experienced in a long time. The story combined with the stunning star system the game takes place in really make Rodina a great experience despite not being so early in it's development. The updates to the stable branch are few and far between but when they come out you can always tell how much the developer cares about the game he's creating. Truly a gem in the Early Access scene.As far as the game itself goes, the combat is challenging and fun, it doesn't feel at all boring or cookie cutter. The music is probably some of the best I've heard out of a small indie title like this, and the planets are properly massive and breath taking. The models are for the most part very primitive, yes, but you'll hardly notice that as you're trying to put out fires and shoot down enemy ships.I could probably go on for a while longer about all the things I love about this game, but my favorite thing by far are the organic movie-esque scenes that happen on a regular basis. Watching enemy ships fall to the planet below in a ball of flame is probably one of my favorite things in the world."
,Recommended,314230,31206318,Posted: 17 April,all,darthhappy,I want to say 10 minutes in..... Dont open all doors. I  was sucked out of my ship in space.I have been wanting to get this for a long time since I saw nerdcubed play it and I have tried to keep up on the updates this game has had by following it. All I can say is i came because I liked what I saw. I still like what i see.
76561198267695338,Recommended,314230,25668986,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,rjdim,"Rodina is an amazing explorationg game set in space. You must prepare tthe Zorica so that the Rodina can arrive, with the human race aboard. You can aid them, or fight them.Pros:Music is INCREDIBLEStory is extremely well writtenArt style suits itIt has a free demo (don't see that alot)Flying the Ship has an amazingly good feel to it. I reccomend you use a controller.Full ship customization.Havn't seen many bugsCons:It early access, and doesn't have that much to do in it. All you really do is collect more story or fight.At first the story can be overwhelmingRodina is an amazing concept that I hope will grow to be an even better game.But what Rodina is amazing at is capturing the scale of everything, it makes you feel like the solar system is a real one.8/10"
,Recommended,314230,22990727,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Andromalius,"What Rodina currently lacks in detail and content, it makes up for in scale. When you hover over planets and even minor asteroids for the first time, you don't understand what you're looking at. No really, because of the lack of any features on planets other than small textures, you won't comprehend that the hill you think you're looking at is a miles high mountain part of a mountain range that when viewed from space looks like a small blemish. That's where Rodina shines, when you get down to the surface of planets and strafe left and right until you realize that those mountains you were whizzing by in your shuttle aren't moving anymore. These are real planets when it comes to scale, in an also vast solar system. The planets themselves, mixed with asteroids of various shapes and sizes are fun to explore for a few hours, expecially coupled with the game's amazing, if not slightly repetitive soundtrack.The story is interesting, considering it is told through Datasticks, and encryption keys you find throughout the various planets and asteroids. The main story unfolds through the Pilot Wave Radio on your ship. There is no exposition, or dialogue choices, so if you're not interested in reading I would recommend you simply play freeform mode (you can still pick up Datasticks). The story at the time of this review is unfinished and cuts off (you get an in game message telling you this). If the story hasn't been spoiled for you yet, play through the game and experience it yourself.The combat is simple at this time. There are a few enemy types that you will encounter, from small scout fighters up to battleships. Your primary weapon is a fast shooting and unlimited laser. There are other weapons you unlock throughout the game by finding containers of their respective ammo. I usually stuck with the starting weapon. Some of the enemies can be simple with practice, while other enemies could use some tweaks.Your ship, an (as far as I know) unnamed ""Gunship"" is a modified human shuttle. It is the medium through which you experience Rodina. To reflect this, the interior of the ship is modular, meaning you can customize it with a generous amount of layouts, props, usable items, and decorations. I say generous as this game is far from complete and I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of options we have at this time.Overall, Rodina is a great game, and will be even better with future updates. Thanks for reading."
76561198081955265,Recommended,314230,29933886,Posted: 14 February,all,Android,"Alright, so I've played No Mans Sky, and it was fun for like 20 minutes. It sucks.THIS GAME IS FUN FOR AT LEAST AN HOUR. I know it doesn't sound like long, but hear me out:14.99, vs 59.99.1 Hour of fun vs 20 minutes of fun.I think I'll go with Rodina. Now why is it not fun all the time you may ask? Well simple. Early Access. There's really not much content yet. Which is understandable. And for 15 dollars its totally worth it! This game right now, is more of a experimental type game. Its still in development, and its not much fun consistantly, but I see a bright future for it. Just like Minecraft. It was an experimental game but ultimantly turned into a fun, massive game. I see this happening for Rodina. I see it going in the right direction and turning into a great game with lots of content in the future, and even now. If you want a cheap space game with freedom, buy this game. Don't expect much content though. Its more of an exploration game at the moment. And for 15 dollars its worth it.No Mans Sky: 1-10Rodina: 8-10My conclusion is: Great game so far, but only fun for about an hour because of small content. I see an awesome future for it though, and will continue to play it every once in awhile until more updates are issued :)"
,Recommended,314230,17345141,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,"Even writing this review at an hour and 30 minutes into playing, this game surprassed my expectations and is truly something great.Playing this game doesn't feel like a drag your mouse and travel, you feel truly immerished with the soundtrack ever slightly changing with everything you do, whether it be traveling around the solar system, fighting alien spaceships, or having the dramatic entrance into a new planet,  With someone like me, who doesn't like the complications of making a ship in something like Space Engineers, the customization of inside of your ship is lovely for me, I spent 20 minutes alone just messing with how I wanted my ship to look and I think while playing how to make it better (though I never do), the main real story of the game I just ignore as all I want to do is explore this large space of nothingness, but I'd probably give the story a go sometime.As of this review I give this game a 8.5/10.But something I'd really want from this game is the ability to conquer all the planets and set up bases.Would be nice to start a weird civilization in some planets."
76561198032834581,Recommended,314230,11481374,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Indique,"I'm impressed.  I love the fact that when you start the game, you have no idea what to expect, you learn it from scratch.  It's fun to explore when you know nothing at the start, for me that's what attracted me to the game the most.  The graphics are impressive too, as is the seamless style of play (no loading screens).EDIT - I've played a couple hours now, and wow, what has impressed me the most now is planetfall.  The concept and detail in descent is really well done.  Flying your ship is also well done (I use either mouse/keyboard, or for flying, I mostly use XBOX emulator with a gamepad, but with proper keyboard configuration the flying is just as fun).I'm curious to see how much more there is to this game.  Already, I find the game very playable.  The idea that it's only going to get better makes it all that much more fun to explore."
,Recommended,314230,24122013,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,▬▬🦅DI▬ zǝzǝʇʇǝ,"I spent my Sunday flying to planets just to see how beautiful all the landscapes look. This game is a piece of art. It has so much freaking potential. Dev is a true bro. /brofist There are already mods for new planets and systems when you want something new to explore. I can't wait for more content, even though, its coming out at a reasonable pace. UHHH I WANT MORETo give a more serious impression: it's a space exploration game with dogfight combat. You journey to asteroids and planets around the solar system to find datasticks which unlock more and more of the game's lore. Although this game gives me similar vibes, it is not like minecraft; You do not wander, build a base, and wander more. Your ship is your truest home. There is no need for a crafting system.The game is well optimized for pc. The combat is smooth, and if you lose, there is an auto save from where you entered the fight, so hardly frustating.(I have about 5 more hours on this from playing offline.)"
,Recommended,314230,20611392,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lykoloo,"Forget the 1:1 scale planets, I would buy this game again just for the amazing plot.This game... it makes you question everything."
,Recommended,314230,23228183,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BaconOnARock,"I had to turn the music off becuase it made me cryin a good waywhen it came on.exploration: 8/10combat: 6/10music: 10/10sound effects: 6/10graphics: 6/10overall aesthetic: 9/10overall I'd give this a solid 8/10, definetly worth it."
,Recommended,314230,32054231,Posted: 29 May,all,Badgerspin,"Damn good game with a hell of a lot of potential. The dev posts updates regularly and is active in communicating where the game is going, so this is one piece of early access that I have no worries about becoming abandonware.The story, while complete as far as major plot elements, is still unfinished. Mind you, the story itself is entirely text based, but it's damn well written. They did a great job of keeping me both guessing and wanting more. I found myself trying to bolt from place to place to find out how everything would progress.Exploration is definitely this game's strongest point. The planets are HUGE and there's plenty to poke around with in the asteroid belt. There are some elements that haven't been finished yet, but that you can find floating in orbit within the system. To say that I'm curious to see how they're going to be implimented would be an understatement.Some elements do feel somewhat grind-y. The big one being ground combat with collecting items. I like curve-balls thrown my way with games like this, so take what I say next as you will. When landing to collect items, there's always a handful of ground troops to deal with. While that's not a bad thing, there's not really much variation with it. (Especially with the variety and number of enemies you come up against.) Sure, you could land, get out of your ship, and engage them that way, but over time I found myself just hovering above them in my starship lighting them up with the ship's main guns. The situation felt a little... Overpowered. (Though there was one instance where a ground troop had some sort of rocket launcher energy weapon that wrecked my shizzle. Pleasant surprise and I appreciated having to mix up my strategy.) I have nothing wrong with a situation like that, but being able to rinse-later-repeat that scenario over and over again feels like a bit of a balancing issue to me. If they added some element that necessitated me getting out of my ship to attack the enemy, that would help mix things up a bit. Maybe add something like SAM/AA batteries (Both stationary and mobile) that can fire at you while in the ship, but not on the ground. Another idea would be to have the enemy send out something like a distress call to nearby patrolling aircraft if you're attacking the ground forces with your ship rather than on foot. There are some aircraft patrols, but they're not very regular. The potential is definitely there, but there's certainly room for improvement.Aircraft battles, by comparison, are significantly more difficult and far more satisfying when you win. (Ground battles are definitely lacking in the satisfaction/accomplishment department even when you're fighting from the ground.) Strangely, the battleships are fairly easy to take out with a hit and run tactic, while bombers with fighter escorts are way harder to deal with. (Enjoyably so too.)Overall, this game is definitely worth the price. (I have yet to run into any noticeable bugs. The whole thing runs really smooth.) It's immensely enjoyable. Normally I try to stay away from early access, but this one is truly a gem. Awesome as it is in its current state, I'm definitely looking forward to future updates."
76561197989683828,Recommended,314230,23028035,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Cristovelli,"Took a couple of hours of play to really sink in, but Rodina even in its current form is one of my all-time favorite gaming experiences.Very immersive space exploration game with realistic planetary and solar scale. The graphics appear to be very plain and flat from the screenshots, but the beautiful lighting and atmospheric effects combine to provide breathtaking scenery, underscored by an unexpectedly powerful soundtrack of orchestral and synth space music which makes simply orbiting at speed above a planet feel profoundly emotional.The game is rather simple to play, and does a good job of leading you from quest to quest. The story presented so far at this stage of development is impressively thought-provoking and engaging, a legit science fiction epic inpsired by masters such as Azimov, Clarke and Kurzweil, with surprises for the player that deserve not to be spoiled.The controls are direct and unencumbered by over-simulation, and allow you to pilot you ship with full 6 degrees of freedom and utilize your momentum to perform satisfying maneuvers. Usually control setup and familiarization is the biggest hurdle to getting into a 3D spaceflight game, however Rodina's controls and GUI are extremely accessible, arcade-like even.An interesting feature is the various ""gears"" you can put your ship in to control speed: a slow speed for landing, a faster speed for combat, full cruising speed at which you cannot use weapons, and ultimately a giddy and scale-accurate lightspeed where the distance between objects in light-seconds is the precise amount of time it takes you to get there. Each speed setting is essentially an order of magnitude faster than the last. This system works very well to permit easy transition between the fine control needed for negotiating a landing and the coarse adjustments needed for interplanetary travel, as well as getting the hell outta Dodge when necessary.Unlilke many starfighter games, the ship does not pilot exactly like a fighter plane, but much more like the agile ship from the Descent games, and so combat can be approached with lateral strafing and reverse-thrust distancing against smaller, faster enemies, while larger, slower enemies are best circled and then rushed from the side. You can also switch to the fastest cruising speed momentarily to outrun missile locks and enemy aim, swing around and attack from the flank. The combat is solid, although more enemy ship types such as huge battleships would be nice down the line.Currently there is only ship-to-ship battle, although it appears that personal combat and invasion of enemy ships and bases is the next significant addition slated, which will certainly add new depth.There are several weapons you can acquire to fill out your ship's arsenal, from fire-and-forget missiles and bullet swarms to slow, heavy-hitting cannons. Nothing terribly incredible but a quite adequate variety to handle the 4 or 5 enemy types I've found, from light to heavy armor, each specializing in equivalent weapons to those you obtain.The story is rather short currently, I completed the main questline in a day in which I found myself incrementally engrossed in the adventure with each upgrade and story log, but I was completely satisfied with what I was able to play, and am eagerly looking forward to the additional content laid out in the development roadmap.There are many things that Rodina is not, at least currently. It is not a space trading game, or survival game, or simulation game, or a relentless high-action shooter. It is a very relaxing exploration adventure that lets you tackle the mystery of the Zorica star system at your own pace and contains all the necessary elements to make it worth the trip."
,Recommended,314230,13323971,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TheLunatic19,"This game is just straight up amazing. I honestly cannot stop playing it. You can spend endless hours exploring the universe as-well as dive into a deep, compelling story. As far as the mechanics go, everying is smooth and spot on. From combat, all the way to landing on the planets and astroids, leaves the player satisfied and wanting to venture on. In the end, this game is in Early Access and I CANNOT WAIT to see what plans the author was for it in the future. Rodina has so much potential and in my opinon is the start of a new type of game that will evolve and grow into something much, much more bigger than it is today."
76561198205361160,Recommended,314230,34965573,Posted: 14 September,all,tristanp2,Played this after eating some funny mushrooms. Gotta say it was probably one of the best gaming experiences of my life.Would recommend.
76561198258816457,Recommended,314230,22717575,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,saVe-Leroy Jenkins,"Any of you out there itching to get your hands on No Mans Sky?? I know I am. And when I stumbled across this little gem and played the demo I was hooked. Simplistic, but challening enough to be rewarding. Beautiful open world full of mystery and intrigue. Space is vast and this game is equally so. After a while you think you know what kind of loot you are going to find on a lone heavenly body and behold, its not a piece of data, NAY an empty barrel but a WARP DRIVE ENGINE! Space got a teensie weensy bit smaller thanks to the newly aquired lost and found space treasure. I think this game can hold me over on my need to explore the universe until NO MANS SKY comes out.Download this FREE demo and see what Im talking about, FOOL, YA FOOL! ~~kILLERbEE~~In the captains chair,Sam i am, green eggs and ham"
76561198082463957,Recommended,314230,13368551,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,bagool,oh god my ship is on fireoh god is that a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥blimphow are there blimps in space evenis it shooting rockets at meoh god it isevasive maneuvers!*spins ship in a circle**explodes*respawn and repeat9.9/10
,Recommended,314230,11622385,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Prof. Astrial Kronos,"So. I designed my ship, and embased space head on. Just me against the universe full of infinite possiblilities. I could have gone flying through space forever, but what use would I be then? Rodina gives you a huge world that's bigger than it seems, and it's still in ongoing development. It gives the player an imersive story line, that you can choose to participate in. Many side stories, and a great feel of freedom."
,Recommended,314230,21751988,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SaltyPyro,"Got it when it was still very new and had not many features, has alot more features now, needs work but i have never not enjoyed playing this game. If the game goes in the direction that the dev says he wants to take it then this game could come up from below and topple AAA games.-exited spaceship while going the warp speed-spaceship insta gone-float in space alone forever11/10"
76561198070047739,Recommended,314230,27617816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tom,"Rodina is a space exploration based early acces game that just might suprise you.You start simple, with picking up ship upgrades, ammo and data sticks from asteroids.It won't be long for you can pick up some serious speed with your ship and fly to further planets and asteroids for better upgrades.On your way you'll battle other spaceships and xenos that guard the planets and constructs in space.The fps combat feels kinda like that of a classic game.The space combat might take some getting used too, i recommend using a controller for that.Pros:- a large generated universe- 4 massive planets to explore- 45.000 asteroids to discover- exploration rewards you with better ammo and upgrades- space and fps combat- no loading screens when entering a planet- great soundtracks- the game is well written- THERE IS A DEMO!Cons: (again, this game is Early Acces)- it doesnt look like it but its a pretty demanding game- the ONLY thing that you can customize is your ship layout- on some systems this game is prone to crashing"
76561198334866473,Recommended,314230,35032679,Posted: 17 September,all,Cheeki Breeki,Remember when No Mans Sky came out?yeah me neither :P
76561197982352489,Recommended,314230,11466712,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,=Tattoo=,FINALLY!!Atruespace platform like no other before with endless potential.It's already an incredible game and the dev is just getting started.Skyrim Elite ?... This will do that and so much more.
76561198130373164,Recommended,314230,20696251,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pilot Mathews,The planet scale and gameplay is AMAZING! Would definitly recommend this wonderful game to my friends.
,Recommended,314230,24429607,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,TheLukrie,"Right now... this isn't a ""game""This is more of a thoughtfull piece of art!Something you switch on for a while and just feel better after.Don't go in there expecting something like ""No Man's Sky"" that's not the case... maybe in the future (who knows) but not at the time.It is a fun little ""thing"". It's cool to build you're own ship, to fly it and explore hundrets of planets and asteroids...But it lacks some Important conted to be called a game.Why do I still recommend it then?Because it is, like I said at the beginning, a piece of art, wich I can really see being an awesome game in the future.And it is a interesting beutifull expirience.Last but not least... by buying the game you help the Developer to make it the best it can be.Result: 8/10"
,Recommended,314230,27587663,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Username simulator,>get cheap phone vr headset>make phone display computer in vr mode>play rodina>realize theres a story>get anoyed with gravity>cry as you realize how small you are in the universe>kill some alines>realize its better than no mans sky10/4
76561198057921326,Recommended,314230,14400011,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jedison96,"Though a bit on the low-res type for a game of its kind, it's fantastic! It allows seamless space travel between different planets in a star system. Not only that, but the soundtrack is procedural depending on the different actions you do. For instance: Just this morning, i was going towards a planet, when all of a sudden BOOM! The music changed because i was entering the atmosphere. Another thing: the realistic physics play a very important part in this game's playability. You don't just fly from Point A to Point B. You actually have to use your thrusters in different stages to prevent burning in the atmosphere, crashing into the planet, and being blown up by enemies. Not only that, but your hull can get damaged, causing fires, leaking oxygen, and worse. This game is especially useful for it's compatibility. I'm playing on a 5 year old laptop with crappy graphics, and it still has intricate detail! One last bit of information you should know: it has a story line as well as open world. It has good potential and should continue to thrive!"
76561198082853422,Recommended,314230,28649393,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheZWA,"Dissapointed by No Man's Sky and need something to scratch your space exploration itch? Rodina might be the game for you.In Rodina you explore a vast solar system with 4 massive planets all roughly the size earth and tens of thousands of asteroids. You will need to scavenge items and fight off hostile xenos to uncover the storyline. The feeling of loneliness surrounds you and the amazing soundtrack enchances the feeling of solitude.The storyline is absolutely amazing even when it's purely made of text. Be prepared to read. It will keep you engaged and it will surprise you.The combat happens in air and on land. The land battles FPS battles against xenos with different kind of weaponry. The air/space battles are fought with space ships and different kind of weaponry which you can easily equip to your spaceship. My only problem with the combat is that the guns you get to currently use in land combat feel like peashooters, so it's a lot easier to just kill everyone with your spaceship.The spaceship has a fully customisable interior, which I have spent a lot of time on making it fit me. It really adds to the homeliness of the spaceship. While the exterior can't be changed in the current version in vanilla, modding the game is pretty easy so you can go download exteriors for Nexus Mods. So with mods you can fully customize the ship to your liking.There is basically only one type of thing you do to get forward in the game. Fly into a plus sign in an object, kill all enemies on the site, and salvage the items left there. It might sound lame but I have had a lot of fun with it so far, purely because the atmosphere engrosses me in the world.This game is still in early access, but it still manages to do what many other games will never achieve. Best part is... It keeps getting updated and in the coming year the game will advance a lot. I recommend looking the roadmap at the Elliptic Games site.Basically this game is worth your money in it's current state and it will only get better from now. Buy it."
,Recommended,314230,32802579,Posted: 25 June,all,PacloverN1,"Usually, I'm too lazy to review things. But I was thinking about it and I just had to support this game.It's simple, but it's just so good. Fly around in your ship. Pick up datasticks that lead you around the star system. Read funny and thought provoking stories and other such articles. Shoot some aliens in your ship. Shoot some aliens on the ground on foot. Marvel at the scale of the worlds and truly get a feeling for how big not just this world, but the one we live in, is. Seriously, watching the waypoint marker count down the kilometers as I rocketed through space, it filled me with awe when I first got the game.Oh, and designing your ship. Moving the rooms about, adding floors, and making sure you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fire extinguishers.This game is just pure fun to me. And you can tell the developer really cares. I highly recommend it.Edit: I forgot something very important. The music is awesome. Just outstanding. Seriously."
,Recommended,314230,25326656,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Matthew Keith Twine,"A wonderful indie game made by a passionate devloper that tells a thought-provoking story and flaunts a beautifully large and open world.This game features Ship combat, Ground Combat and light speed warping,But my favourite thing about this game is the ability to customize one's ship interior,the tools given to you for ship customization are amazingly intuitive and allow you toreally make the ship your own.Aside from that, there are hours of dogfighting, laser blasting and reading (:D) to be had in this beautiful labour of love."
76561198029236899,Recommended,314230,19594704,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Da Mass,"I bought this game a while ago, and at first thought it was a nice visual game, kinda simple. It reminded me a bit of the old Elite game. I revisited it again last week and gave it a better run, and I have to say, I get it. I like the option to fly 1st or 3rd person. Learning to fly and navigate has a moderate learning curve as does combat and working the ships devices, but the reward is worth it. I love the storyline! Its pace and depth is as good as any SF book. The Outside ship graphics seem a bit out of place, and the enemy ships seem a bit simple too, but to be honest, I really dont mind as the rest of the game is visually very satisfying. I am excited to see how this game evolves, it has a ton of promise and I think it is one of the better Early Access purchases I have made. Nice Work, please keep it up."
76561198212562541,Recommended,314230,25114845,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Aespair,"This game is absolutely stellar. The planets are full-scale-- and I mean this with full sincerity. It would take literally hours if not days going at the highest speed at the ship, which can be estimated at, let's say, 200 mph to get from one pole of the planet to the other.It's a really great and phenomenal game in which you can do the following:1. Fall out of the airlock.2. Catch on fire.3. Fall out of the airlock while on fire.4. Get stranded on an ice planet.5. Throw your pet robots out of the airlock.6. Throw your pet robots out of the airlock while on fire.7. Crash into a planet at ludicrous speed.8. Crash into a planet at ludicrous speed while on fire.9. Panic.10. Panic... on fire."
,Recommended,314230,15833974,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Icetrias,"Found this game earlier this night, I was curious because it seemed pretty empty. I ended up wasting a few hours on it... - Theres a ton of potential put into this game, just give it a bit of resource management, building, maybe even multiplayer?... - Then it would be worthy of wasting complete days of time. (Rather then the hours it already filled in for me.) Its worth buying, even if its not finished."
,Recommended,314230,26576123,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tedach,"Backed this from the start - always impressed everytime I play. The sense of scale, responsiveness of the craft, and ability to disembark the ship are main draws for me. This dev is a genius, and deserves success. Will write more soon!"
76561198168443134,Recommended,314230,17374519,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,You know what i mean?,"Fly anywhere!Explore anywhere!Die anywhere!This game is a bloody masterpiece, and it's still in development, so there's a lotta potential here. The game mixes amzing exploration with a brilliant, and kinda sad, story which, as someone who usually doesn't read anyhting in games, excited me and challenged me to put the pieces together. This is definitely worth buying if the idea of loadingscreen-less exploration, life sized planets, awesome story telling, and sci-fi themed games excite you. If not buy it anyways as it's quite fun to spam missiles at a group of enemy ships and watch them explode and burn.Other good things about this:-Retro mode! Over the age of ten? Miss retro video games? Gotta♥♥♥♥♥♥pc? Fear not, with retro mode you can increase the pixel size to whatever you want (within the range of 2 to 8)  which is pretty great if you use a potato as your pc.-The dev. Yeah, it's odd but he seems to be one of the best devs ever. Just look at the comments on the negative reviews. So if you buy it and you decide it's pretty crap but you can't get a refund of Steam, it seems the dev is happy to help. Also the things he's planning sound great, so keep up the good work.-The emergency open all doors button. In the middle of space? Have the burning desire to be thrown out your ship? This button's for you. Just plonk down a control panel and go on the ship tab, have fun!-The fix player button. It's a nice little touch if you don't roleplay and you can't find your ship. Also stops you from having to load an earlier save, which can get a bit annoying in some games.-The modify ship layout option. You can customize your ship to be whatever you want. Want every tile a holoscreen? Choose from 6 different tile types, including bathroom! Want a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of barrels? Place items where ever you want and have as little or as much as you want. Scared of fires (and you should be)? You can put down a lotta fire extinguishers in a lotta places.-The demo. Yeah before I sure wether or not to buy this I played the demo a lot. Also use the demo to test wether or not it will run on your pc. It was a pretty great demo and you can continue your game in the full version from where you left of in the demo.-You can leave the controls whilst the ship moves. Wanna have a walk around your ship whilst on a long journey. Just press tab whilst steering your ship for it to continue on.-First and third person mode. Wanna see what your pilot would see? Just hit f to switch to first person mode.-The clutch controls are fun and they work well.-Great soundtrack. Really fits the feel of the game.So yeah 9/10. Go and buy it (but test it with the demo first, just incase it won't run for you). Looking forward to future updates!"
,Recommended,314230,11665927,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,HouseNoodleSoup,"For the naive critics, this game might seem a bit empty and overly simplistic.  For players of this genre, it's a few features away from a dream come true.  Where the X games are thorough combat/trading games, Star Citizen looks very glitzy, and No Man's Sky looks exciting.  Rodina, in it's current state, is just inspiring.  I cannot wait to see the magnificent future of this."
76561198107712947,Recommended,314230,12990662,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TheFoofStar,"The game is pretty great and its potential is amazing. Although i wouldn't recommend it yet. $15 is a little expensive for the little gameplay that this game has. I recommend waiting before getting this game yet, but the developers need the money. If you are looking for a full experience, don't get it yet, but if you're willing to wait a bit, just get it. -Falzon out"
,Recommended,314230,11761713,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,MartianPotato,"First a warning: this game does not hold your hand. at all. ever. I could go wherever And do Whatever. Want to spend an hour customizing your ship? Sure. how about exploring? well there are hundreds of diffrent places to go and adversity is everywhere. There is no tutorial and a couple of tooltips to help you fly your ship by explaining one mechanic. then the game just says ""ok ive taught you tha basics. Go explore or whatever i dont care"" There are no invisible walls and nothing ever took me out of the game. it expects you to figure it out for yourself and if you die its on you not the game you can do whatever you want. it felt like the original zelda, metroid, Elite and The elder scrolls all rolled into one without the annoying stuff. the only loading screens are when you die and if you screw up you screw up big. get to reckless? Boom dead. Fly into the sun? Dead. it gives you warnings but you can ignore them. if you like space games and hate it when a game holds your hand*CHOUGH COUGH CALL OF DUTY COUGH COUGH"" then this is the game for you. 10/10."
76561198009314206,Recommended,314230,16542397,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,parks.85,"Granted there isn't much content in the game in its current state, but what is in there is done quite nicely. It is the first game I fire up when I notice it updating in my library. Great controls and a great feel make me want to suggest this game to other who enjoy space explroation games."
,Recommended,314230,11475139,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Doozey,Hands down in love with this so far. Will update review when I get more time to enjoy it.
,Recommended,314230,23050044,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,RockstarCRO,"IS THIS NO MANS SKY? ...no! This game has been on my wish list for a long time and finally bought it (at full price like a crazy gamer shouldn't do for early access games). The devs have been active on the forums (and with updates) and the concept of being able to move about my ship and on the planet is an amazing concept. Any Star Trek, Star Wars or space fan will enjoy this game. Although quite limited in it's early stages,the dev has a huge plan to implement possible one of the best space games ever.Rodina is this Star Trek's fan biggest dream game. I have played Star Trek Bridge Commander (and thoroughly enjoyed the gameplay, storyline and graphics) and yearned to walk around the ship. Rodina brings this fantasy to reality with it's concept. The devs are really specific in saying that this is a seamless space game, meaning there are no loading screens. The player can walk around their ship, pilot their ship, get off their ship, get off the planet and onto the ship without any loading processes. The absolute first feature players will notice is that they are able to walk anywhere around their ship. There is only one ship at the moment but there is a small modding community that offer different ship designs. These mods are not flawless and some may need special attention to get working properly (in-game and out of game). The player may design and change the inside of the ship at any time. If you would like a bigger bridge, bigger room, bigger hallways, that can be done with a few simple clicks. The design menu isn't super friendly but does provide the player with basics to design what they want. What is a neat feature is that the player may remotely control the ship from certain panels. For example, say you don't want to walk to the cockpit every time you would like to pilot the ship. There is a panel located by the air-lock located on the back of the ship for the players convenience. That by itself showed me there was some serious thought put into the game.The player may fly the ship in almost any direction and can pilot/interact with panels by pressing ""F"". WASD allows the player to move as well as steer the ship. Spacebar allows the player to jump while allowing the ship to move upwards on the z axis. There is no crouching ability (I'm assuming yet) but CTRL will move the ship downwards on the z-axis. The controls/sensitivity can be modified for your preference. Some secondary weapons can be picked up on stray planets or asteroids and can be equipped by pressing R. There is no first person mode to shoot as of yet but there may be plans in the future. The devs haven't singled out many suggestions but are keeping to their road map and are focusing on a campaign. Tab will allow the player to switch between first person and third person view. This is only possible while piloting the ship. Left button will fire the ships weapons while the right mouse button acts as the clutch (in which the player will need to press up or down to switch between drive systems). Some drives will need to be picked up by the player by exploring. Currently, I have experienced four drives in which the fourth will let you travel at light speed. Piloting and landing have been made relatively easy to do. The ship will approach a planet/asteroid and slowly start adjusting itself as you attempt to adjust yourself to the horizon. Leaving the planet to travel is also equally as easy but entering will require some skill as the atmosphere may burn you and your ship up! Quick! Grab the fire extinguisher!There are no significant or diverse NPC's at the moment but this is on the agenda. There are a few enemies you will encounter upon traveling the stars. Thecampaignas of now consists of the player starting on a barren rock, finding their ship then collecting some materials (such as crates, weapons - limited, diary logs and technology) then traveling to the next planet. The player then may choose where they wish to go next. Most planets will have enemies defending it as well as cargo on it (be it logs, weapons or empty crates). There is a minor story line that the player can follow but will require them to decipher certain messages while other messages can be simply read.Graphicsremind me of minecraft but there is an HD mod out there to help improve the visuals. I personally hope there will be a significant upgrade in this realm.Soundsare basic at the moment and do not vary much. All the fundamentals are there though!Overall, the game seems promising although limited at the moment. Hardcore space fans will find hours of fun in this early access while regular gamers may be waiting for a full release to come out. Early access is a tricky gamble but I've bought the game in hopes that this will become a great game. I will give it a recommendation but will advise players that they should really do their homework before buying.EARLY ACCESS RATING : 6.85/10GameplayBStory / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceC+Sounds / MusicB-Replay-abilityC+OverallB-ScreenShots :View from the cockpitA mod in actionPlanet discoveryDon't jump into an atmosphere quickly.Video :Rodina Highlights Review"
76561198079334967,Recommended,314230,23659822,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mr. Sven Hunkstrom,"""Wait, this game has a demo? In this time of gaming? Well, let's check it out.""And that is when I discovered one of the best space exploration games I've ever played. For one thing, no loading times when you're in the game. I was honestly surprised at that, considering the sheer scale of the game's map. There is literally an entire solar system to play around in and this game does a fantastic job with scale. When you get into the atmosphere of let's say the ice planet, at top speed you can fly across huge canyons in a matter of seconds. But when you get out of your ship to see how big the canyon actually is, you find yourself staring at the Grand Canyon. It's amazing. In fact, that's all I have to really say about this game. It's amazing."
76561197970334512,Recommended,314230,24280416,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Big Stew,No Man's Skylight
76561197961165322,Not Recommended,314230,18257805,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,kovert,Basically all that is available right now for gameplay is some basic combat and picking up data sticks/ammo. It's pretty repeatative and boring. The ability to navigate a solar system and land on planets and astroids is kinda gimicky since there isn't much to do. It does make for a great atmosphere. I can't get into reading a bunch of text and it being exciting. I wanted to give this a better review but it just isn't there yet.
76561198064397100,Recommended,314230,17699783,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Daniel D,"I am going to start out by saying that I hardly EVER write reviews.Lets start with the pros:This game features a completely full-scale solar system with a few planets to explore, each incomprehensible in size until you really get close to them, they are actually quite f-ing massive, which is awesome.The story is rich in text, and the lack of any spoken dialogue is actually great, because it adds a mysteriousness to the whole situation of the game (like who/what you are, why you are on this random mission)The amount of places to explore are seemingly endless.Lots of baddies to fight, which gets quite challenging.Being able to customize your ship to your liking is really something, and it is pretty easy to use.(HOLO SCREENS FOR THE WIN!)Okay, the concerns:The game is quite short, but does not fall as a negative because this game is still early access, and is quite well built to begin withThe lands of planets do seem a bit barren, it would be nice if there were enemy/human outposts that could be attained or whatnot, but then again, still early accessStrange performance issue: Okay ive had this a few times, and what happens is that for no apparent reason, my video card maxes out and tries to push over 85 Celsius which is well over what I ever want it to be. Doesnt make sense, considering this game is low graphics and I can run Crysis 3 at max. Unfortunately I have no means to prove this, and it happens so rarely that a quick save and reboot of the game fixes it (still kinda unweary about it though)Sometimes the GUI disappears after combat/piloting ship in first person, quick save and restart fixes it.Overall:I had tried the demo, instantly got hooked and played until the timer went out, purchased the game the moment I could, and have no regrets. This game is a fantastic open-world (or should I say, Open f-ing solar system) game with some serious potention added to its already fantastic gameplay physics and immersive storyline. Hope to see more in the future.If you have doubts, don't have doubts. And if you DO have doubts, at least get the demo to test those doubts. This game is fantastic."
76561198070324621,Recommended,314230,17177021,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Komrade,"When I was a child, I stumbled upon a very odd game called Noctis IV, a procedural generated space sim.  You would explore the galaxy, discover and explore stars and planets and, if you were the first there, name them.  Then you'd reconcile your save data online with the GUIDE save data, and everyone who updated could read your notes, discover your worlds, follow in your footsteps.  The graphics were low, even for the time, but it was smooth transitions. No loading, no fuss, just you, a space ship, and the vast empty of space.I bought this game because I thought it looked exactly like this beloved game of my youth.  It's not, it's very different: but it is in the same spirit.  And it is abolutely fantastic.  The storyline is worth discovering, I adore worldbuilding and this world was built to be adored.The fire extinguishers are not for show, 10/10"
76561198042327711,Recommended,314230,18492483,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,PiemanFiddy,"This game is still very, very early access, but for what it's worth it's one of the few amazing early access games on the store.Basically the objective of the game is to fly around in your own customisable spaceship, around to other nearby planets to collect data, logs or an assortment of upgrades.There are also enemies littered around the planets (and even asteroids) that will attempt to kill you. The combat system can be rather tricky, but overall it's very fun.There's also a system in place that allows you to set the speed of your own ship. You have a choice between ""Docking Speed"", ""Combat Speed"", and ""Cruising Speed"". There's another speed modifier you can find via exploration called ""Limnal Speed"" which allows you to travel at, what else? Light speed!There's tons to do in this game as well. Including landing on planets/asteroids! When you're near a planet (with an atmosphere) you will begin atmospheric re-entry. This is a little 'minigame' in which you attempt to keep your ship at a proper angle and speed to avoid it being damaged by the heat. This heat can also spark fires in your ship, but don't worry! There's a handy fire extinguisher for you just in case.Once you land on a planet, exiting it is very simple. Simply point up and out. However be wary of the enemies that surround the planets in this game. They're far more common on the planets themselves instead of asteroids and WILL hunt you down!There's already tons of things to do in this game, and it's not even finished yet! I would highly recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a laid-back space exploration game. There's plenty of sandbox to go around. Just steer clear of the star."
,Recommended,314230,27333846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bet,"Earlier this year, certain game involving planets and space was released.Thatgame's release had the potential to obscure Rodina from view entirely.  Customizable ship, interplanetary travel, discovery.  A communicative game developer with vision making the game.  They share many traits.  Infamy is not one of them.I can say with certainty, this game isgood.  No other developer's depiction of another world's atmosphere, literally or metaphorically, ever had the potential to rival Rodina.Be careful with this one.  There's a free demo available here on the Steam store, a click away.  Check it out.  Turning off Camera Shake in the options helps a lot if you get motion sick.  There's an explanation next to most every Option via a Question Mark so you can tailor the game to your liking.  Thanks to the developer for caring about the players.Oh, and the modding gets very interesting."
76561197970764345,Recommended,314230,11714225,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Toast,"Looked interesting, if a little simple in the graphical department. $15, worth a shot. Downloaded. Start play...oh my god where the hell did 3 hours go? Very interesting game, and I see a ton of potential here. I keep just exploring and getting into fights and cruising around the star system. So much fun looking to see whats on the next asteroid, or the next planet or whatever. Combat is very cool, a few times there I've thought I was winning when all of a sudden a fire breaks out and I have to beat a hasty retreat and do some damage control. The sense of urgency about putting out the bloody fires alone is great, very immersive.As for scope of the game? Its VAST. Already I can see that the size of the playable area is trully immense, and the possibilities of what the developer can do with that space is astounding. If the current content is anything to go by, and how with such a spartan plethora of things to do which just suck me in and make me want to keep exploring then what future Rodina holds is bright indeed.Keep it up, sir. Well played."
,Recommended,314230,29305990,Posted: 16 January,all,The Gong John Bonham Whomped On,It's like NMS but not disappointing.
,Recommended,314230,11492303,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Wif,"The good: Seamlessly able to fly around, land on planets, etc., music is sensational, able to customise your ship, planet graphics look great, three modes (story, peaceful, free roam), dev is awesomeThe bad: Graphics on ships and lasers look old especially compared to the planets, no mutliplayerEarly access, so everything is subject and expected to change.  I don't really like space sims much, but this is fantastic.  Having a lot of fun with it and can't wait to see this games' future."
76561198271727425,Recommended,314230,21741111,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,rtd,"This is a fun game with considerable potential.Rodina definitely succeeded in making me feel like the captain of my own spaceship, going on adventures that only loosely felt like it had all been scripted by someone.The game's story is clever in content and execution.  It's clear about events yet cryptic how you fit in.  It goes at your own pace and you don't know who to trust, and is topped off with a plot twist I didn't see coming.The story is presented to you in such a way that you feel like an observer looking in, if it weren't for the fact that the game tells you you're involved, but not how.  The story isn't forced upon you, either.  You can discover it at your own pace, along with side stories, some funny, some intriguing, some dark, and some all at once.Combat never gets old.  You're flying around super fast to catch and satisfyingly shoot down aliens while avoiding their fire and defensively blasting their missiles, making you feel like a space ninja.The game has many small but really neat details.  Defeated alien ships will crash land into any nearby planet.  Entering the atmosphere will jostle the camera and surround your ship with flames until you've finally entered the atmosphere, accompanied with the perfect sound effect while fully revealing the beauty of the new world.  You can customize the interior of your ship.  You can pilot it in first or third person.  You can leave it running and walk around in your ship, and even jump out of it or open the airlock to quench flames in emergencies when your extinguishers aren't enough.There's more to this early access game, but I'm not gonna spoil any more.  Give this game a try."
76561198010177451,Recommended,314230,20945538,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,dessnr,"Grab a copy of this when you can if you enjoyed Elite: Crap house... Oh I mean, Elite: Dangerous.  Whilst Horizons is very pretty, where this game lacks graphics, it makes up for great game play and an addictive story.  At first you seem like it's going to be utter crap but then when you get past the initialisation, the game is only up hill from there.Corny graphics (although the planets are not that much less in detail than what we see in Elite and the game runs faster) but the game play and story are just what the doctor ordered.Developers, don't give up on this game.  It's a game that requires brains and that's why there ain't too many people playing just yet.  But don't worry, people with good minds don't take long to catch onto something good and they will pay the money.I will be buying this for a few friends and mentioning it on a show I do, to get the ball rolling.Cheers for a great game.P.S.  I love how we have to break atmo, before we can land."
,Recommended,314230,21423318,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,StaticCøde,"This game... this freaking amazing of a game. Rodina is a space exploration game, with enimies that you can shoot down to take over a planet. There are 4 planets (Hopefully there will be more in the future) that you can visit and land on. Although in the spaceship that you fly around in makes everything seem small, YOU'RE SO WRONG. SO SO SO WRONG. The sense of scale in this game is far past anygame that I've ever seen. Infact, the spaceship itself is about the size of a house. The mountains are gigantic, in the sense it takes 30 minutes+ to climb some of the tallest ones. You have a jetpack that lets you fly around as well, which is very fun. The game has three main modes, Normal, Freeform, and Peaceful. Normal is more or less the main story of the game, in which you can easily die. Freeform is basically the creative mode, although you can still die in it. And I haven't played peaceful, so I'm not sure what that is about. The games graphics are kind of polished-pixelated. They look amazing but can run on most computers, even if you have a potato. And you may think the ""No loading screens"" in the game description is false, IT'S NOT. The only loading screen I've ever seen in this game is the one that you get once you boot up the game, which, loads very very quickly. So, it's a very nice game, it's a little bit limited on the planets, but hopefully more will be added. This game is wroth $15. If you like Space Engineers, Space Engine, Universe Sandbox 2, or Sol 0, get this game!"
,Recommended,314230,23303411,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,🅱ecla,Word to the wise - Don't be like me and immediately hit the big red button 'emergency open all doors'.
,Recommended,314230,11535995,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,thatindiegeekguy,"A game that deserves your attention and suport, check it out!"
76561198055828426,Recommended,314230,11681930,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,RDR_Crouching_Tiger,"when I read the description of this game, I was thinking ""No, this can't possibly accomplish all that, it's probably some kind of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job in early access, but no, it's one of the best space games I've ever played. I love it that when you see a hump of rock in the distance, or a planet, you think "" yeah, probably like KSP, where the planets aren't as large as they look, and thats true, in Rodina, they look much smaller than they really are, you just keep on zooming towards the planet, and when it finally fills your screen, you start entering the atmosphere, your ships on fire and you think ""what..the...hell just happened to my ship? Yup, can't enter the atmosphere at a too steep angle, or you'll blow up. awesome game with awesome mechanics, there really are no loading times, and the view can be stunningly amazing10/10"
,Recommended,314230,14960381,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Pete,"A quietly epic game. Engaging, curious, and massive.Pacing can quickly go from silent nothings to full scale 'you're dead in a firey blaze' 9000 in a very short amount of time, the game is quite forgiving though.If you don't read any of the transmissions the gameplay makes you feel a little alienated in a really good way, if you do read them it colours the game a lot, and gives it direction, which is necessary. I mean you could continue to imagine that you're the captain of a ship somewhere in the firefly universe forever and not get into the game itself, that would be a pity though, since there has evidently been a lot of writing done for this universe.If you like flying spaceships, cool space scenes, fighting fires, and reading other peoples emails, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,314230,26448616,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Postmodern Memes,Can't say enough about this game. Exactly what i wanted in a space exploration game. All the right things are dumbed down just enough for a reasonably casual but ocassionally sim-like experience. Easy to lose yourself in. Great Dev too.Best astronaut firefighter game of all time.
76561198091218825,Recommended,314230,11543048,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,cskorm1986,"Awesome Game! Been waiting forever for a game to come out like this! Love how you can jump in your ship cruse the planet then fly through space looking for new planets to explore. I played this game for a half hour and got so excited I had to take a break to calm my self down, and read what everyone else was saying about Rodina. I'm looking forward to when multiplayer is coming out too. My one complant is I wish the ship looked a little better, BUT! With how awesome the game is I didn't even care! I love how games that are coming out that choose better game play than graphics in the end thats what we want is playablity and this game lives up to that!"
,Recommended,314230,15730051,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ShazamHam,"Was looking for space games and saw this. Went to their website and a sentence caught my attention. "" Used to work with bethsda"". I was all thinking that this has potential. The exploration is real despite it not being finished and its still entertaining to play. I look forward to continue watching its progress."
76561198038954492,Recommended,314230,11510421,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mikey,"if this was mmo or coop, with a bit more detailed graphics, it would be my long wished dream game.its an amazing step towards achieving it though and I highly recommend it as nothing compares to this.The only other ""lack"" I would personnaly emphasise is that of a medecine onboard the ship to treat my space sickness..."
,Recommended,314230,23060469,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Pika2,"Early access - will be judged accordinglyWhat Is Rodina?Rodina is, as it stands, an open sandbox where the player flies around in their ship shooting bad guys and collecting robotic companions. There is sparse story through message logs and no story yet implemented to drive the game. The ship interior is customisable allowing the player to edit the interior aesthetic however they like, although this serves little purpose.So is it good?Rodina is enjoyable, it allows you to wander around dogfighting and exploring as much as you wish, but the sandbox has to little in it to make it interesting. The ship mechanics whilst not true to life with the star-trek jargon 'Liminal drive' is still interesting and makes space flight much easier than it would be in a sim (eg Kerbal Space Program). Planetary landing is a nice feature with atmospheric descent threatanigh to blow up yoursh*tship through re-entry heat.Is it bad?As with many early access titles this game is a good basis for a larger game that has more depth to it, so whilst Rodina may be a good game with (what I can tell by other reviews is) a good dev, Rodina's early access left me underwhelmed. Updates are a bit sporadic so it's hard to know when you will see a full release after 2 years in early access.For £11 Rodina is a somewhat justifiable purchase"
,Recommended,314230,30603264,Posted: 18 March,all,bad1080,"the last time i played this was 2,5 years ago, i decided to give it another go this week and played through 'chapter 1' which i think is all there is atm!?this game was basically 'no mans sky' long before anybody ever heard of it. and i dont mean that in a negative way! i think the various bits of lore you find here and there flesh out the universe way better than any plant or animal i can take a picture of ever could! they are so well written and diverse, yet so fitting to the theme of the game!i like the story of the game, yes there is a story and a good one at that! i like how it feels watching the stars while the planet you are standing on rotates under them. i like watching the 'sun' come up and go down. this game makes me feel very connected to the space and the universe around it... thumbs up!"
,Recommended,314230,12674741,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Blackheart,"Great game lots of potential i cannot wait for a full release ! Its worth a try if you like exploration games. The game itself is early access but its worth the money for the content it already has, If you like a challenge and like exploration as i said previously its worth it."
76561198152360372,Recommended,314230,25636675,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,scotfusion,"In just 45 mins of gameplay, I really like how the games mechanics work. Multiplayer/co-op version of this game would be awesome. I hope building and crafting grows in this game. Small file foot-print and very fast loading. Cool game. Very worth a buy."
76561198081231641,Recommended,314230,28817745,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wifu Baby Face Jim,"I bought this game yesterday and It is absolutly amazing. I found this game a few years ago when NerdCubed played it and I thought it was ok. After Buying it and already I have played 6 hours in sitting is amazing. It's like a ""No Man's Sky"" on a budget. I would recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,314230,29197784,Posted: 11 January,all,Ace Trainer Joey,"Honestly, this is pretty much the best indie game I've ever played, followed only by Crypt of the Necrodancer. Buy this game, play it again every time an update comes out, clap because Raptormeat (the dev) does well, and pray in vain that the multiplayer update comes, even though it never ever will, never ever. Can't hurt to hope, right? 10/10"
,Recommended,314230,25890060,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Blaithnaid,It's likeNo Man's Skyexcept not a liethank you for your time have a good day
,Recommended,314230,11517726,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"There I was alone burning out into nothing, well there were ? marks. Going to them I walked around my ship noticing how nice my quarters were, however no food replicator was seen of any kind and I am starving. I wonder around to find an archive system, this is great I can find out more and maybe where the food is at. Looking at the file I have been to a lot of planets and have some very powerful weapons. Still no mention of food, I would kill for some KFC. - End of log...."
76561198095975330,Recommended,314230,28240674,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,frxnkie._,"I beleive this game has A LOT of potential...b̶u̶t̶ ̶I̶ ̶w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶r̶e̶c̶c̶o̶m̶e̶n̶d̶ ̶b̶u̶y̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶n̶o̶w̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶t̶s̶e̶l̶f̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶m̶o̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶c̶o̶m̶p̶l̶e̶t̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶u̶n̶f̶i̶n̶i̶s̶h̶e̶d̶,̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶a̶i̶m̶,̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶s̶t̶o̶r̶y̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶l̶i̶t̶t̶l̶e̶ ̶f̶e̶a̶t̶u̶r̶e̶s. The concept right now is quite cool and I can't wait for further updates and a full story so I'm going to go ahead and give it a reccomended rating.Since my review the game has had a major update, adding new enemies, ground enemies, a new vehicle and weapons. I now definitely reccomend buying this game."
,Recommended,314230,11772840,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,✪ Invaliid Rage,"The best space exploration game until ""No Man's Sky"" comes out. This game is in beta as of now."
,Recommended,314230,12711305,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Pawpi,"Well, where to begin?After watching NerdCubed play this game on youtube I knew I would have to try it for myself and It was an amazing decision, and the best £10 I ever spent. 6.8 Hours non-stop playing a game runs the risk of boredom, but Rodina manages to stay interesting VERY well, whether it's flying around the planets and solar system or fighting fleets of Xeno ships around the 4 planets and hundreds of asteroids nothing is boring.Cuztomization of your ship is a great addition and so is the rich and engaging story, I can't remember the last game I played with a story that kept me yearning for more, or a twist that actually suprised me and made me re-think everything I knew about my situation.The backstory is equally as good with it's information on the culture of the time, yet it doesn't let on too much such as the so-called ""Bump"" that I crave to know more about.All-In-All this game is WELL worth the money and I wouldn't care if this was released as the final game as it's a hell of a lot more complete than a lot of games we have nowadays, the extra features the Dev (Just the one guy) is planning to add is all a bonus to me.If you love engrossing stories and lore, Buy Rodina,If you love challenging combat, Buy Rodina,If you love Sci-Fi, Buy Rodina,Hell, stop reading this and buy Rodina, It's worth it."
76561198131784049,Recommended,314230,31893344,Posted: 21 May,all,IWTD,"Rodina. Simple, Fun, Beautiful. But plagued with lack of content. I bought this game hoping for amazing vistas, stunning views and depth farther than I could imagine (which I did get). To the dev's credit he is a one man team, and progress has been realtively fast, but still it seems unexciting. This is a definite case of a game that should have stayed off the marked and in the crowd funding zone for much longer than it did. However, despite this glaring fact, I have invested time in this game and I really loved it. the music, the vastness, the deep immersion helped along by pick-ups along the way. but one factor almost made me stop playing. the whole storyline revolves around the grind, oh the endless grind, one could think it never ends. But, nevertheless I soldered on, waiting for the prize a awaiting me at journey's end, but after completely clearing and entire planet, I was disappointed, not even a simple hyperwave transmission. So I stopped playing altogether, I had given up, wathching the updated summaries fly by and someday knowing that this could, and will be a great game."
,Recommended,314230,31860200,Posted: 20 May,all,32Games,"This game is one of the best, simplest and largest space exploration games I've ever played. At first when I played it I was amazed at the scale of it, but quickly stopped playing because I got bored. In the few weeks after that I recieved numerous notifications about this game updating on steam, and so I said I would return and try it out again after the newest update. I was absolutely blown away by how much work the developer put into this game in the time I was gone. He added aliens to each asteroid which you have to fight on the ground, he added blasters to shoot them with, he added a ♥♥♥♥ing HOVERBIKE, he added new ship tilesets, the ability to make your own tilesets and he added multiple floors to the ship interior modifier. He also made the ship modifier much easier to navigate and use, and he fixed multiple bugs that turned me away from the game at first. I definitely recommend this game. Completely seamless, no loading screens and a massive area to explore. (Also, you can fly around like Wall-E with a fire extinguisher in space)Stuff I would like in the game: (Will update as I get new ideas)Glass and Iron Railings in the ship editorMore editor hotkeys (like ctrl+c to copy items, ctrl+v to paste items and the delete key to delete items)Desk-mounted items like computers or pens and paperInterior WindowsMore living room furniture, like paintings and couchesSigns that you can edit in the ship editor"
,Recommended,314230,34882932,Posted: 11 September,all,Clammy,"Buy it now before it becomes a 60$ AAA game. This game has serious potential.Don't even worry about hardware requirements: you can lower the resolution (not size of the window, the pixel count) to actually be an 8 bit game. Every graphics setting is togglable.The gameplay is absolutely fantastic. The story and the lore is wonderful. It has the pros of AAA games (large open world) and none of the drawbacks (shoving every detail in your face).The spaceship centered gameplay/movement/combat is superb. Nailed it right on the bullseye.The score compliments everything so well. The combat theme gets your heart pumping even faster in the already intense contention between you and that squadron of enemy ships.The out of spaceship combat... is in development... but the movement and the scale of planets gives you a feeling of euphoria as you uncover supply drop after supply drop.The spaceship customization I only used for a huge deck where I could see the massive expanse of space around me. It's breathtaking, even in a low resolution.TL;DR: Those few hours you may spend on this game might be short, but they'll be quite enjoyable. That's coupled with the fact that this game is still in development. Buy."
76561198271712693,Recommended,314230,24452081,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Andrew_F_K,"Rodina is a fun game if you take it in moderate doses. I've spent too many hours perfecting the interior design of my starship. There's just something so satisfying about creating the layout of your own ship and then flying anywhere in the solar system, seamlessly. The controls feel slick and taking off from a stand still right into light speed never gets old. The writing and story is pretty good. The graphics are gorgeous if you're into minamalist retro. And the soundtrack! Oh amazing. It really sets a star warsy atmosphere.But like I said this game is only enjoyable if you don't take it too seriously. The combat is flawed and needs balancing. I find myself enganging in combat for maybe thirty seconds before I have to retreat and wait a good minute for my health to replenish, then having to repeat this maybe three or four times before I can beat the baddies. It gets frustrating. The story is pretty easy to complete if you're in a rush. More variety in enemies would be nice.All in all though it's a pretty good game and has potential to be better."
76561198103638115,Recommended,314230,25675914,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lt. gameboy,I enjoy rodina to a degree which i cannot explain.This game is truly a gem.
,Recommended,314230,29864854,Posted: 11 February,all,Übermensch,"I tend to rate games on whether they provide at least 1 hour of entertainment per £. Well, given that I just reached that point, I can say that this game does.Be warned, though, it is NOT a complete game. It's the bare-bones of a game. It's playable, it's fun and it's a great teaser of what might come next, but if you're looking for a fully polished space game, this isn't it. Go and get Elite or something.Basically, you're a person who is flying round, building their ship up, killing aliens and following some vague plot threads about the state of humanity and the events preceeding the game. These threads begin to draw together and form what the game calls 'Chapter One', which I found very enticing, and which goes in a very interesting direction by the end. Presumably, I'm on Chapter Two now, which involves building a wang for a robot, but again, this is dressed in a very interesting set of threads.One of the main features that this game has over most is the ship interior editor and moddability. Say you want to have the Enterprise, you can make your interior like it, then download a model to make it look like that (I'm not actually sure if there is an Enterprise, the mod scene is small). Or if you want a little ship, you could have one room with all the stuff you need. Even though the building system is very much not complete, it's still really fun and quite powerful (and multiple levels and a better layout planner are on the cards for the future updates).All in all, if you're willing to take a punt, buy it or try the demo. If you want to hold off, you do that and wait until it's got more features. Hopefully, there will be some major updates in 2017, which looking at the dev's monthly-ish track record, looks likely."
76561198007992397,Recommended,314230,11831901,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,whiskia,"One of the most atmospheric and weirdly enjoyable game I've played in a long time. There's definitely a lot of room for expansion, but what's already here is truly fantastic."
76561198049736965,Recommended,314230,12882560,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CyberChris,"Very good game. You can eject from your ship pretty much anytime with a few stipulations. The combat is very fun, the exploring is great, the world textures are good, i designed my own ship all the way, and though this was supposed to be a 15 minute break from my homework, I played for a few hours..."
,Recommended,314230,11781849,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Ter0revil,"Soo Fun! I would LOVE it if we could have multiplayer, And maybe have weapons that you can use to shoot other players (Hand held weapons) It would also be cool if you could make a base on a planet, and have a base of operations aswell as being able to mine down to the core of a planet... This game has the potential to be one of the best games on steam, As long as you listen to your fan base :)"
76561198013589311,Recommended,314230,11855412,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Kоролева помойки,"Absolutley! I wish more people could hear about this game and promote it! I really want this game to go far, it has the potential to be one of the best spacey games out there if not the best."
,Recommended,314230,11905235,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,SuperCooper64,This is exploration at its finest!! <3
76561198040557124,Recommended,314230,15457302,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lazero,"When I first played, I dident expect much from the game but a little amusement. No, and double no, this game is intriguing and addictive gameplay. Just try to land in a tight spot or enter an atmosphere too fast or on a wrong angle. Land and grab some loot, taking off before the aliens spot you. amazing game.Actually felt like I am traveling thru space. The clutch drive is great. changing speeds with a click of the mouse."
,Recommended,314230,17805287,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mikeroscopic,"Even in it's early state when I played through it and got through the story I was mesmerized by reading the Encrypted Comms. I love every cubic meter of this game and totally recommend it, and I can't wait for it to be fully released. Just buy the game straight and play it all day, no gameplay videos or anything. This game is worth every penny and second you put into it."
,Recommended,314230,11745792,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Papa Optical,"I am seriously in love with this game, a bit sad that I ""beat"" the game so far but still I really enjoy it and cant wait to see what becomes of this game. It really brings me back to my childhood and brings nostalgia when playing. Go from beautiful scenic mountains to straight up intense dog fights against aliens. I must say at the state this game is in, its already solid. Its sad to see devs at this day and age not care for their product and just give bare bone crap just so they can put it up on Early Access for years  just to take your money. But not Eliptic they are awesome people who are staying true to the imagination and spirit of how devs used to be. GG guys, I am proud to call myself a backer of Rodina and im very excited for the future of this title."
,Recommended,314230,12854231,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,User23,"Ive been looking for a good space game for a long time. ive found one. ive always been a story person, lore that will make you feel, this game does that. i just finished the available story (no spoilers!) and im deeply interested in seeing more. the game has its own style that i dont see too often if at all. gameplay is smooth.i dont wanna tl:dr it, but i seriously recommend this game. holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,314230,15856110,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,draco_aroch,"The story is in the text - yes, you have to read.  There are several subplots and a ton of other things going on that are all entertaining as well.  It isn't done yet, and the story is quite limited at this time, but if you can accept that, then this game is gold."
,Recommended,314230,14764219,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,A Cat in A Box,"If you like immersive space sims, this game has some potential... Maybe I'm just a wishful thinker, but there is a version of the future where Rodina has a rich modding community, many nice thoughtful features, and a system filled to the brim with secrets to discover and planets to raid...Idk what it really is that makes me feel that, maybe it's all the space, and transitioning between planet surface and space in an immersive and (on reentry)tense way.  Or the planetoids with low enough gravity you can almost jump into orbit...  Oh, did I mention you can step out of your ship?  Yeah, the tiny little ship in the screens.  It's the size of a house... Oh and there's a Nexus modding community...  Not a huge amount of files...  It's no Skyrim, but...  I'unno.  Imagine if it just had a fraction of the modding investment...I recommend it, for no other reason really than just to see the game continue to develop complexity and detail.  It already has so many nice touches that make it just fun to fly around in... I find myself playing it now and then just to find a planet and pull of a successful reentry, skirt around topside and watch the sun set on a mountain top.Something about it hits deep down inside.  Watching an alien sun set on an alien planet, knowing that you'll soon rocket back up into the atmosphere and watch the planet's surface curl away from you until the host star bursts back into view..  you shift into warp drive and the planet hurtles away behind you as you're engulfed in that familiar Sci-Fi you're-going-so-fast-that-magichapun glow."
76561198023977621,Recommended,314230,22966801,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Wuulfe,"More could happen with this game if the systems were just a tad bit more realistic.Firstly, flying through space is all well and good.  Going through atmosphere's can be fun also.  However the planet landscape is where it kind of kills it for me.  For the most part its pretty much the same landscapes just different colours.Same with the suns.Moons around a planet would be great.  First and foremost.  Presently, its like there's thousands of asteroids (all which so far have got enemies around every one which is quite unrealistic) - but surely some planets would have at least pulled some of these asteroids in and have them orbit to make moons.No Gas Giants.  However, realistically, Gas Giants also have moons around them.  They're not a waste of universe space.  If Jupiter or Saturn were not around we'd be having a ton more comets and things hitting us if it wasn't for their gravitational pull keeping those sort of things away from us.I basically went to four planets and 11 asteroids in my two hours of play.  the four planets (can't recall the names) -One I started on.   One that had an acidic atmosphere and I couldn't stay on it longer than under 2 minutes because it burnt through the hull of my ship.One That was Icy that basically did the same damage type to my ship by freezing it out.  I couldn't stay on it longer than under 2 minutes.The last one - Peren - all purple, green sun... totally featureless landscape.  I also couldn't find a thing on it although I did see markers for crates and so forth but never found em on my short stay on the planet.I have no doubt that this game will go quite some way as long as the developer considers the ideas from the community but as its an Alpha game, I checked it out.  Its not for me quite yet - but down the track I could be interested.  Maybe when its on sale later."
76561197970631145,Recommended,314230,12974694,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Draakonn,"This game is still early in development, but it has loads of potential. Looking forward to watching it progress!"
76561198149846579,Recommended,314230,12909369,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SHizzle,very open and expansive game. it still has a long way to go but for now i think its an excellent game for early access
76561198058970539,Recommended,314230,14490015,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[PRH]Loubert,after doing more research on this game (thanks to the dev pointing out that the game was still very much alive.) my hope has been assured that the game is alive and well. this game is worth the money and what it may lack in content at the moment it makes up with super speedy dev support a thriving community and the assurance there is more to come. so get it love it and recommend it to others.
,Recommended,314230,21143164,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Aremisalive,"I really love the scale of this game. Its only one Solar System, but its Massive. Planets are huge, and you really feel the scale when you land.Even with the lack of content (due to being an early access game) it is defenetly worth the money."
,Recommended,314230,32010467,Posted: 27 May,all,Marzrack,"I like the game, but it just gets really repetitive fast. and adding like a space station where there are friendly people that are not looking to make you their next murder victim, then have like some side quests for the people on the station, the ability to actually fix your ship would be lovely. multiplayer wold be cool but it would take some of the eerie feel out of the game. anyway I like the game and would reccommend it because it's always being updated, and a game I think should be followed and supported."
,Recommended,314230,12274275,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Yung G00n,"The first thing I accomplished in Rodina was flying into the sun, destroying me and my ship, without any restrictions or ramifications involved, other than dying. I already love it."
,Recommended,314230,13781785,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,James,"Amazing fun and seemingly endless exploration. So much potential for mods, a shame that there aren't many good mods out yet. Combat is difficult and enjoyable and the ability to completely customise your ship is just fantastic!Definitely recommend this to everyone!"
,Recommended,314230,17069269,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mostly Childish,"After five hours of gameplay I can honestly say I am more hyped for rodina updates then I am for No Mans Sky... :PAnyways. Rodina is a very nicely designed game, the only real loading screen you will encounter is loading a save.Although there's not much to do currently, what you can do is done VERY well, flying feels smooth and combat is fluid and fun.The ship can be customised from the ground up, including objects, it took me about a half hour to design my ship, you have a nice selection of tiles and things.The modding scene is a nice size, with lots of custom ship models and interiors, though very few blocks, modeling for mods is done in blender, a free 3D modeling software.Content is, like I said, limited, you can obtain ammo for 3 weapons (you start with all 3) and encounter 4 different enemy ships, none of which will use a weapon you can't.Landing on a planet feels nice and is coupled with a fantastic soundtrack, atmospheric re-entry is nice and has a difficulty setting, I reccomed startng on 0.5 and slowly moving up from there.Planets are planet sized, and asteroids are asteroid sized, which feels awsome!All in all the game is amazing, heavy recommend.Feel free to post opinions and corrections in the comments."
76561198048109191,Recommended,314230,15120338,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jemrock,"I will absolutely say yes and back this developer. The story is great, reminding me a bit of homeworld.  This game has you taking place as a lone fighter pilot in an attempt to surive in a solar system full of alien ships that are trying to hunt you down and any other survivors of a massive ship crash. Coming with that means you must find ammo, scavenge for upgrades and weapons to your ship. You must also pick your fights and be wise about engagements, even on low difficulties, the enemies can travel in groups from 2-6 as you see in the video. Combat takes skill and you must save up your ammunition types for big enemies like the missile firing blimps. Fighting those things are hard as hell but when you destroy it listening to an absolutely fantastic soundtrack, you will feel pretty happy of your new accomplishment. Rodina's soundtrack ranges from calming exploration music, to the exact right tone of combat music for fighting and is done so well. I kept imagining my pilot looking at the viewscreen, sweating and shaking with fear, with a fire indicator going off as he keeps his hand clenched around the joystick, pulling the trigger in a bitter battle against the aliens in a fight for survival while listening to the soundtrack. If music can put detailed images like this did in my head, I would consider it a great work of art. The graphics on the ships are dated, but you will get past this as you start exploring, fighting, and finding bits and pieces on the planets. The planets are HUGE and they arnt kidding when they mean full-scale. The solar system and planets are absolutely vast places. PLanets have an atmosphere, which means re-entry. Good luck not burning your ship to bits in your first time re-entering an atmosphere :). Planets also have a day-night cycle, i never thought that sunset and dawn would look so cool on a planet. Basically, planets feel like actual planets, however they are very desolate at this time in development with not a lot of stuff on them besides differing natural features. The Ice planet Morena has deep cuts in its crust just like Europa in our solar system. Veles has a highly hot and an acidic atmosphere just like Venus. Jarilo is the temperate and desert planet in the solar system just right for life to exist on it so it is comparable to Earth (besides the desert part). I cant give a comparison for Perun yet. People also complain that this game has no updates. This is completely false and here is my proof fromhttps://elliptic-games.com/Cockpit Mode on Beta Branch!March 22, 2015CockpitModeCockpit mode is now available on the beta branch on Steam! To try it out:* Switch to the beta (or dev) branch* Either start a new game, or load the new default interior so that you get some Holoscreens in your cockpit. You can also add Holoscreens, or the new Holoscreen tileset, if you want to keep your current interior.* Sit in the Pilot’s Chair by just walking into it* While flying the ship, press “F” (for “Activate”) to bring up the pilot menu, and choose “Toggle 1st/3rd Person”Now you’re flying in 1st person mode!Warning!Cockpit mode is for Rodina experts only. You think atmospheric entry and combat were hard before? Now they are even tougher!Also:This is build 1.1.6 and it comes with some caveats: this particular build is not going to come out of beta! There are a few reasons for this:* Cockpit mode introduces some pretty big performance issues. It may not be playable on your machine!* MSAA anti-aliasing is still turned offI’m going to be out of town for a little over a week, but after I get back I’ll fix any bugs you guys find, and start on an optimization pass and put anti-aliasing back in, before fully releasing this build!At the time of this review, that was 7 days ago, the developer is working as hard as he can on one thing at a time. He spent the entire month of March during this year to make the first person fighter mode (which i will add looks amazing). He also wants to add ship boarding, interactive NPC's, More Robots, and so much more. And the icing on this cake is finally the ability to mod this game. People are literally able to make their own planets and i have seen them before. Spend a little time on the game's discussion page. Some person has made his ship look like a damn X-Wing from Star Wars. You can make your ship look absolutely any way you want to with the help of a modding tool. Because this game has so much potential and this one passionate developer is hardworking and trustworthy, i put out $15 to support this game. The product I was presented with in my opinion was spectacular and fun. If you arnt going to buy this, i highly suggest that you observe this game and watch the development process. For people that arnt buying it now, you should buy it later when all these features are added. If you are going to buy it, what can i say, Have fun!!!!! Read the ""Early Access Game: WHAT THE DEVELOPERS HAVE TO SAY:"" part for future plans."
,Recommended,314230,35137943,Posted: 22 September,all,Adversarius,"YES.This game is GREAT. It's already better than No Mans Sky and it's a solodev early access game. It does almost everything it tries to do perfectly. In fact, the biggest downfalls are in what it DOESN'T do. The biggest downfall overall is that it has no multiplayer,yet.I trust that the game dev is working on this. Buy this game while it's only $15."
,Recommended,314230,11572735,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"Impressive game, and more is yet to come as it is currently still in development.Things I like include the ability to design and utilize the interior of your ship. I don't concider being limited to a single solar system as much of a problem since scale has in only rare instances improved a game. It's more about how many places to visit and how difficult are they to reach; Change a starmap to a sectormap and a solar system to a spacestation and there really is no difference in most games...Would like more freedom in design and possibly have the exterior adjust around that design. That shouldn't be too much of a problem with the exterior (hardly) textured as it stands right now. I would also like to see some windows and working atmospherics, pumps, valves, electrical grid and stuff like that in there; Things that determine the efficiency of ones ship. Add to that fuel limitations and such and you've really got something I think.I'm looking forward for future updates."
,Recommended,314230,23318408,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stanbery Trask,"I only have one problem with this game, the lack of interacticibles, thers just not much to actualy DO you fly to one site then to the next and then jump to the next planet/asteroid. i LOVE this game, it is a VERY good concept, just need that little bit to make it a GREAT game."
76561198130167517,Recommended,314230,33138000,Posted: 2 July,all,Hubes,"Positives -  Good story, decent length, unexpected plot twists, excellent flying mechanics, lots of places to explore, planets are nice and bigNegatives - Hefty amounts of writing to read, but its fine if you have the patience, not so great alien fighting mechanics (on ground, they're fine in air/space)Notes - Customising your ship can be difficult to get the hang of, but once you figure it out you can make some great looking ships, especially now you can have several floors."
,Recommended,314230,22418315,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ThatSabineGirl,"Absolutely fantastic game. I played the demo and was so hooked I had to get the whole thing. The controls and the mechanics are really good, the storyline is much better than I expected, the music is really good, and I personally like the graphics, though there's some odd pop-in with the ground terrain as you get closer to it and the detail level changes. Designing the layout of your ship is a really cool little addition too. I look forward to seeing this game gradually grow."
,Recommended,314230,25313746,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lane,"Like swimming next to a blue whale,Or standing atop a cliff looking down,Seeing the picture of earth from the moon,Or seeing the world's tallest tower in person...All these and more speaks to this game."
76561198087749174,Recommended,314230,25805990,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,JELLYLORD,"This game is amazing. The story is on point and everything. The game is almost like interactive art, its looks are a big part of the game. I would definitely recommend this game. Although I wish there were more ending, as the one makes me feel kinda powerless to save Rodina, its still a great game."
,Recommended,314230,25830121,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Procrastinator Hal,"In my time played I've gained three automatons, died several times, and have a teeny tiny ship...10/10 would die again and gain another automaton"
76561197967918496,Recommended,314230,11476637,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"Nice start for an early access game. It really blends the experience of space nicely. You really feel how desolate some of these places are. Actually quite cool to fly into the atmosphere making sure you dont burn up on entry. Needs a ton of content yet, but boy this sure has promise. I hate that word in gaming now, ""promise"". I tend to go the other way when I hear that word but in this case it is actually promising. Nice blend of space and first person experience. A little concerned about direction of the title, the dev himself doesnt know which worries me a tad. Typically with something this epic you do need some sort of plan. He's done quite well for a one man team. I just hope he expands with more people should funding provide for it. There is just  a ton to do before you even call this a game. Its more like a very very interesting tech demo at the moment."
,Recommended,314230,31681597,Posted: 11 May,all,Sir Sharkus,"I really havent played it much, and im sorry about that. It really is a great game. I intend to play it more.+f***ing rep to the developer as well, seems like a genuinely nice guy and works hard on this game."
,Recommended,314230,33120366,Posted: 2 July,all,Nickybuttons12345,"Summary of my first life in RodinaStarted the game. Moon walk/jumped my way over to my ship. Took off and flew around the asteroid belt until I unlock cruise speed and then get what I need to warp drive around the solar system. Skip some more exploration and jumping around I come up to my first planet. Nearly burn up in the atmosphere (im not a very good pilot) only to find that the planet is so cold that its freezing my ship. Move on to another planet; once I get into atmosphere there is a squad of scouts waiting for me. ""I can take six scouts, I've fought single and double scouts before really easy so six must be possible"".Got eviscerated, managed to take two of them down with me before the engines gave out. In a blind panic I jumped up from the pilots seat, ran through the fires that had started all across my crashing ship, scrambled into the airlock and jumped out. Because my ship died way up in the atmosphere I ended up falling for a solid 3 or 4 minutes before finally falling back to the planet. The battle happened so far up that the ships attacking me are ignoring me now. After a good 20 minutes of hiking around the planet I finally found the burning wreck of my ship. In a weak final resort I tried to use the fire extinguisher on it.It didnt work. And now Im shipwrecked.10/10"
,Recommended,314230,25024097,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,vaustein,"Rodina is No Man's Sky with heart.At is core, Rodina is a space-faring scavenger hunt. Although there is plenty of space fighter combat - and the AI pilots display impressive teamwork - these sequences are merely obstacles to the core of Rodina: Scouring the solar system for apocalyptic logs that tell the story of the original Rodina mission. It's clear that the developer (one person, I believe) puts most of the focus on collecting the log fragments and encrypted messages that unveil the fascinating retrospective exposition. If you enjoy reading the messages and log entries scattered throughout games like System Shock 2, Deus Ex, and Bioshock, you will find much to enjoy here.It's equally clear that combat and logistics have been super-simplified in order to prevent player frustration and to keep the focus on exploring and searching. All action takes place within a single solar system. Logistics are utterly simple: Ship and personnel damage are repaired automatically, most weapons can be fired constantly without reloading, and engine upgrades speed travel from point to point. Your ship's floor plan can be customized from the airlock menu, but this seems like a placeholder feature with no practical impact. Similarly, if a fire breaks out on your ship, you must exit the cockpit and race around the ship's deck spraying a fire extinguisher at the flames. This adds to the tension of an already dangerous battle or planetfall, but it also comes across as a placeholder with zero narrative or gameplay purpose.If Rodina truly is completely the work of a single person, that person is both a skilled software developer and a talented author of fiction. Be warned, though: If you buy Rodina as a space combat simulator in the vein of Descent: Freespace or Wing Commander, or if you don't like to read, you will be disappointed.Special praise for the soundtrack, which sets the mood perfectly even during combat."
,Recommended,314230,11784955,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,StarmanAd,Amazing new game. Still in alpha or beta so there are a few bugs. Great game because it is literally billions times bigger than GTA V and has absolutly no loading screens. I do mean literally but it could be bigger. It's a great calming game that can get interesting when you are outnumber in combat.
,Recommended,314230,11817417,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Seb,Amazing game10/10
,Recommended,314230,11925661,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Flocton,Perfect...Just.....perfect!10/10
76561198072257108,Recommended,314230,14293209,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MugBergerFries,"Before I start, I played Rodina pre-greenlight.- Spent too much time at too late an hour gearing my ship up to be able to travel intrastellarly- After half an hour, was finally able to move to a planet- Found a landing zone that hopefully would be able to be approached unnoticed by the numerous enemies in the area- Landed, hopped of the controls and exited the airlock, beginning to pick up the small amount of supplies in the area- When I was about 15 meters away from my ship, the text ""Missile Lock"" appeared and the bottom of my screen- I only had time to turn around and look at my beautiful ship as 10-12 large missiles pounded my ship from above- Jaw dropped as far as humanly possible, I watched my ship explode and stared at the burning carcass- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI buzzed right over my head and left me stuck in the middle of GOD DAMN NOWHERE8/10, still needs many features, but is very fun. A lot of progress has been made between now and when I last played. Devs are active and have good plans for the future. I have hope. Maybe someone will even rescue me from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am now stranded in!"
76561197970849298,Recommended,314230,25290129,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Snotvomit,"I love this game.It is quite minimalistic at the moment but it reminds me of the days playing Elite Frontier.The storyline/discovered documents are very well written and the game is functionally solid.  I really hope that the developer continues to expand the game.Although ""early access"" it is well worth the money.  It's a bit like when Kerbal Space Program was ""early access"" - you already have a full game if you buy it right now - but there is the promise of more to come.Even if development stopped at this point, I think the game is worth the price.  If you see it on special offer then there is NO reason not to purchase it.  If you like space exploration games, you will like Rodina.For all its minimalism, it still manages to create its own ""atmosphere"" and ""feel"".I don't own No Man's Sky.  I was going to get it, but after everything I have read, Rodina seems like it does a better job and it costs a quarter of the price and it is still under development.  I will stick with Rodina."
,Recommended,314230,11776339,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,hockeyhacker97,"Does this game in its current state have any real goal or objective to progress a story to make you want to continue? NoDoes this game in its current state have anything to do besides explore, dog fight,  and find lore datalogs? NoDoes this game have goals of adding in something to make you feel like your progressing and thus wanting to see what happens next? YesMight this game never get that feature or take years to get that feature? YesIs this game worth $15 despite it possibly never advancing beyond what it already is? Definitly.Yes I know everything I started off with was negitives and potenial negitives, I wanted to make sure that people knew what they where getting into before I started with what I do like about the game.  Though the ship customization right now is very much just a build what you want and no need to gather materials so really you just build your ship how you like right at the start and thats it, nothing to add or do to it later in the games current state, its still a really nice feature to use, while I would like to see more of a starting off with basic items and gathering more as you explore atleast even if that doesn't happen it lets you make your ship (on the inside not outside) loook and feel how you want. The dogfighting is really enjoyable even if simplistic because it is definitly anything but easy. Exploring planets and astriods may feel a bit barren but its still beautiful and gives a real sense of scale, and the first time you get to enter a planets atmosphere really shows how much detail the developer wants to put into the game.While its definitly a game in alpha and not a finished product, and while it may end up being years before anything that makes it feel more like a game then just a tech demo, I would definitly say the sence of scale, the amazing beauty while exploring and the dog fighting make it well worth the asking price."
76561198012581473,Recommended,314230,11785548,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Chrisman01,"This game is freaking beautiful.  I never thought I would say that about a game with such a minimalistic art style.The exploration, the combat, the beautiful story... Try the one hour demo and see if you'll like it.  You may end up like me and buying it with 10 minutes remaining in the demo!It reminds me of Evochron Mercenary, but focusing more on the exploration aspect of space sims.  If you haven't played Evochron Mercenary, I HIGHLY recommend that as well.http://store.steampowered.com/app/71000/If you like what you see, you can get a timed demo of the full game from the creator's site, much like with Rodina.Rodina looks very simple on the surface, but the story and setting are just awesome.  The planets and asteroids seem small and undetailed, until you land on them and see how freaking huge some of them can be.  Then you can take off and land somewhere where the landscape is completely different.The biggest selling point, however, is exploring the star system and finding more lore about the universe.  As someone has said, it's like Morrowind in space!I can't wait to see where this goes.10/10, will blast Xeno scum again!"
76561198295816863,Recommended,314230,25236846,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DreamingCat,"I am a big fan of space simulators, open world and sandbox genre. KSP was fun, but I played much more hardcore OrbiterSim for countless hours. One boring evening I was scrolling past my discovery queue when Rodina showed up. I watched the video and was like ""errr... ok, let's see how childish/failed this is"". So I downloaded the demo aaaand......I regained consciousness right before sunrise in real world, having bought the full version and played it for hours like an addict!Consider this: Rodina can not yet impress you with outstanding visuals, rich/variable content and even diversity of in-game activities.Consider also this: the most fascinating part of Rodina gameplay is itsstoryline!Finally, consider this: the main drama happens lightyears away from you, you do not know any of the characters involved nor can you influence their decisions in any way besides following the very straightforward and scripted plot line, you don't even talk to anyone, you just receive regular updates on what other characters say and do for your sake or demise.And yet it is the excellent storytelling that makes Rodina outstanding for me. I was jumping the locations in genuine eagerness and anticipation of the next plot twist and overall had much much fun. When it was finally over, I felt sad much like when a fascinating book ends.Now I'd like to comment on some technicalities. This game is developed by one person. So you don't complain about locations design, more than necessary arcade-ish physics, lack of any orbital/entry mechanics whatsoever, stupidity and lack of initiative in your adversaries -- you can even easily finish the whole story without firing a single shot, dubious lighting, visible LOD switching and basically everything that procedural generation entails. It is not about that at all.If you have a vivid imagination, I strongly recommend playing Rodina."
,Recommended,314230,26904443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Guy_From_Hell,"This is a very good example of a game being properly developed.It has very responsive and responsible developer.Bugs are not ignored. You may contact the dev ad he'll look closely at your matter.The game itself is very nice: cool universe without loading screens, you can walk into your ship, fly off an asteroid an land on a planet without loading time, this isveryimmersive. The story, the game universe's story are well-written.The game has a few issues though: some models look like they are from some game made in early 90s, ship combat isn't very good, but isn't bad either.Youmusttry a demo. There's a high chance you'll like it."
76561198113864788,Recommended,314230,11598231,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Ezio,"In one word this game is ""Astonishing""Drifting Through Space, Entering Orbit, Obliterating Baddies.This Game Gave Us ALL Nerd Boners!"
,Recommended,314230,11788215,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mirriky,"Original -- 20 Aug, 2014 - Unknown versionAside from the surprisingly beautiful environment and how simple yet powerful the ship customisation is.The music, this is something I haven't seen many people talk about but it is quickly gone straight to the top of my favourite game soundtracks. It feels like this beautiful mixture of Mass Effect, FTL, Metroid, and a hint of Fable: TLC. But even with this mixture it still feels so unique and wonderful and sets this great tone for the game (my only complaint is a bug during ship customisation that stops the music from constantly playing, I just opened up youtube for the 2 hours I spent in the customisation before buying the music on steam before I went to bed.Go grab the demo, it's a 1 hour trial of the full game. I bought this within 15 minutes of walking around and seeing how you can customise your ship. (I had seen a lets play of the gameplay so I knew what to expect)=============================Addition -- V1.1.7 - 30 April 2015I've noticed a big spike up of spaceship games recently, starting from no-mans-sky to elite and a few more (spike up at least in my knowledge of them)But current Rodina and planned Rodina both seem to have their very owe special feel. I think this comes from the total freedom of movement and how you interact with everything.For starters, I've never played a game that allows for this level of interior design, truly making a ship your own not only in feel but also gameplay.You can go from walking on a planet to navigating your way to the toilet block on your ship to sitting in the cockpit (now in complete first person). But it doesn't stop there because you can start to fly your ship, get out of the seat, get a drink, then come back and take the wheel again but have it still moving at the same time.It has that elderscroll level of choice where you are given a bunch of mechanics then told to have fun, and a story to hold your hand if you so choose. Which leads to chaotic stories and amusing bug discovery. Simply because the player has that power over what they can do."
76561198045358860,Recommended,314230,12280980,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,"Johnny ""Big Bones"" Boner","For 15 dollars, this is the most fun you can ever have. Not even a handy comes this close to having fun for 15 dollars. God bless you elleptical games. This game is simply stunning and I can't wait to see how far this game goes in terms of mods and other 3rd party support."
76561198019268834,Recommended,314230,16272074,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Connerq44,"With 5 hours played thus far, I've had more fun playing this game than a lot of $40+ games. There are a lot of things that can be added to this game and I'm looking to forward to playing it each and every time a new update is released."
76561198071400191,Recommended,314230,17303665,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Juicy Citrous Scrotum,"Ok,  So I started playing this game, not reading the story line at all.  It seemed dull.  Then I came back to it and starting properly looking at the storyline.  If there was ever a right tiime to use the word ""Nerd-Gasm"", it would be now.  This game turned from an awesome looking space exploration game to a game that completely transformed me as a gamer.  I am completely gob♥♥♥♥ed at how much of an amazing experience this game was for me, and I absolutely loved it.  I would love to see more added to this game in terms of story line - perhaps something awesome where we get to meet the Rodina?"
76561198074080588,Recommended,314230,11567354,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Friar Laurence,"I enjoy to play this game, i like the combat and the flight, but you have to be in to space games to like it, so download the demo if you are not sure about buying the game. I give Rodina a 9/10 :)"
,Recommended,314230,11567363,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sawyeraddison,"This game is SO RAD. It has an absurd amount of potential. You can dogfight, collect, and explore. Not to mention customize your ship.  Some things I would like to see in the future though are more galaxies and different types of stars and planets. (i.e. red stars, planets with plantlife instead of sand, civilization, wildlife, etc.) Another good thing to add would be that when you customize your ship, it changes the look externally, as well. And be able to change colors, can't forget that. I've already played for two hours and had so much fun. Just the element of hyperspeed and combat mode and that stuff is completely cool. It has a nice star warsy feel to it. Definitely pick this game up, there will be so much more coming soon."
76561197987024685,Recommended,314230,11774956,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Wrestler7,I spent the last couple of hours being fully immersed into the game and not being able to pull myself away from it.It's 5 a.m. right now. I need some sleep.10/10
,Recommended,314230,11776116,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Baked Potato,It's a free roam open world space exploration game with no loading screens and like a billion objects.For $15Just buy it already jeeez.Oh and did I mention the dev is awesome?
,Recommended,314230,11781074,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Falch,"This game is amazing!In the start I was a bit confused about what to do, but I walked around and quickly got the hang of it.Also the story that's running is really well written, and that ending, woo.Buy this game! Or if you're not sure try the demo firstly, it's the same game except you only get to play for 1 hour. Then when you like the demo (and you will!) buy it!"
76561198074210546,Recommended,314230,11799879,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,lord quid,"Rodina really puts an emphasis on the ""open-world exploration"" aspect of gaming, and it is by far one of the best to do so. The player can explore anywhere, anytime, on any astroid, on any planet, or in any part of space whenever he or she chooses. The solor system in Rodina is vast, and very fun to travel through. The logs you're able to find are extermly well-written (with the acception of a few typos), the spaceship controls are very fluid and easy to work with, and the combat feels great. I get so much satasfiction from seeing a defeated enemy ship drift off as flaming scrape into the vacume of space or crash into the near by astroid or part of a planet I engaged them on in the first place. My only real complaint would be that the planets and astroids are very bearen, but I'm sure the developers are working on ways to liven them up, it is an early access game (at the moment) after all. Other then that, I whole-heartedly cannot wait for more features to be implemented. Overall, Rodina is an amzing game and I encourage anyone who is contomplating purchasing it, do so, it is well worth the price!"
76561198045052521,Recommended,314230,11801220,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Lt. Cal,"Fantastic game, strikes PERFECTLY the balance between immersion and ""i really just wanna have fun, not starve to death"",  very freeing exploration that makes me feel like im playing the ultimate star wars game  (as you huddle in a frozen crevice, praying the hundreds of fighters swarming overhead dont notice you as you prepare to burn for vacuum..)     all this fantastic gameplay, and then a tragic and deliciously disturbing backstory told through captured and intercepted transmissions, and with a a huge plot twist at the end that changes your own perception of yourself as a player.GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,314230,11801334,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,𝐭𝐨𝐨𝐭𝐡𝖋𝖚𝖑,"Its an open world, space game and you cam make your own ship! Its already worth the money and it isnt even done."
76561198044306059,Recommended,314230,11805028,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,loopyloo,"One of the most amazing exploration games to date, and its an ALPHA! The sense of scale is overwhelming. You go to a mountain, and park up nearbythinking it's a very small mountain. Once you get out, you realise you parked about 500m away, and the mountain towers above you. The world is so well crafted and everything looks as perfect as a skybox, except you can go everywhere.Combat's good now, but probably could and will be improved, but the main reason you should want the game is immersion, because it has bucket loads of that!"
,Recommended,314230,11838441,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Great Zamboozo,This game is truly uniqe. the scale of the game is the largest ive ever seen and most likely the biggest the gaming world has yet to see. the fact that there are no loading times and the game runs smooth is amazing. there is not much to the main story at the moment but for a alpha game its a good amount. the combat and basic movment can be a bit wonky at first expecily in a no gravity envierment but you get used to it quickly. as far as wepon types go i havnt found the other types so i cant say much there. the enemy AI seems dull when they fly strate into your face but it makes a bit bigger challenge to hit them when they blind you with the trails. the music is very fitting and changes from planet to planet. at the moment the biggest issue i have is with the massive scale adding any content would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack unlease its tied in with the main plot. all in all its a great game and a nice step back from the generic MMO's or FPS games.(Also holder of the most powerfull flashlight in a videogame award.)
,Recommended,314230,11783717,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,zao_luuban,"Holy Crap!... I love this game sooooo much. Can't wait to see where the dev heads next with this gem of a master work. More than worth the money. I can't put in to words how I feel about this game, but I look forward to playing many many hours of it. The only thing else I can say is go,.. go now and buy it. I mean it,.. now, what are you waiting for. Space Sim Madness!:)"
,Recommended,314230,11802304,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,K!netic,"I came to this game expecting to judge it against No Man's Sky - I've been waiting for a seamless space navigation game for a while, and NMS was the best offering I had seen. After playing Rodina, I'm certain I'll be judging NMS by how well it stacks up to Rodina.The combat is straightforward, but fresh. It doesn't feel like Freelancer or EVE or any other space game, it prioritizes momentum and special weapons. It seems to hinge on the ""stickshift"" mechanic, which works excellent with the flow of the combat/navigation, and ties everything together well. The places you visit are varied enough, but will definitely feel flat and boring after a few hours of seeing the same crevasses, blank textures, and lack of surface features save for a heightmap.Building your ship is also rewarding. After I realized that the ship was definitely bigger on the inside than it was on the outside, I decided to fix that. I'd spent too much time getting lost in the default ship anyway. In about five minutes I had a sleek interior that was sized approximately to the actual size of the ship, and looked fine. Maybe a bit bland, but the editor controls are decent enough. I could recognize some amateur tile-and-entity selection/manipulation mechanics, but with a little ironing out I'm sure it'll be fine.That makes the game sound pretty lame, I know. It's early access, and seems to be progressing apace. But what really sold me was the story.Look, I'm not one to hype up story-games, especially not when it's done in a ""find game item, read blurb, find game item, read blurb"" format like this. But my mild interest in the story turned to appreciation near the end (no spoilers), which tied together the reason you (the player) existed, why you were different, and what was going on. Very rarely do I feel like a story explains why the player acts how he does (players are crazy, we don't act at all like normal people in the real world), or why he knows nothing about the universe that everyone else has been living in. Rodina explained all of that beautifully with one single twist, and I'll recommend the game if for no other reason than to encourage someone to have that ""whoa, cool!"" moment that I didMy biggest gripe is that the re-entry mechanics are a little frustrating, and seem to take too much time with you just spinning around in place. In cruise mode in space, you can orbit any planet in under a minute, why does re-entry take so much fkn time? Why is my cruise velocity so low once I'm in atmo? I get that spaceflight would really be like this (especially in denser atmospheres), but game mechanics need to serve the game, not reality. If it wastes my time and makes me feel tied down, it shouldn't be in a free-roaming game."
,Recommended,314230,11823466,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Herald of Fire,"Quite simply one of the best space exploration games I've played in a very long time. Seamlessly travelling from planet to planet has been a dream of mine ever since the first Elite game was released.Even in its early state, there is a lot to explore and plenty of things to find. I simply cannot recommend this enough to people who enjoy having the freedom to go where they want in a space game.The developer seems very comitted to addressing the community's issues and I've found my mind reeling with the possibilities this game engine could provide. It's a very exciting time for space exploration games, and this one gets my highest praise."
,Recommended,314230,12834741,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Madcows,"The fact that you can actually physically walk into the interior of your ship to fly it and then fly seamlessly from an asteroid to a distant planet, and then skid across the surface of said planet in a controlled crash before climbing out to grab a slightly humorous datastick about terraforming, then getting discovered by overpowered aliens and getting blasted to pieces in a matter of seconds, makes this game a unique and amazing experience. Best $15 I've spent in a long time, can't wait to go bobsledding in the next update."
76561198049252073,Recommended,314230,15178317,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dispenser,"Holy Crap in a basket this game so far has been one hell of a time.I learned about this game when i watched a vinesauce stream of this game, and so i tried the demo, and found after picking up the controls, the game was very fun. But during my time in the demo and for a short while recently after i finally bought this wonderful game, there was one thing that seemed to be constant:Nothing happened.All i did was fly around a planet, looking for upgrades and more things to find about the lore of this game to keep myself intriguiged.Then I found a reason to truly enjoy this game.This was what happened that made me love this game not long ago before posting this review---Doing buisness as usual, looking around for upgrades and such, just trying to find the indicator to appear to bring me in so i can dock and pick it up.Finally, i see something and fly over to it and try to dock.Miserably fail, and my ship takes critical damage because it hit the ground too hard, leaving it with under 20% hull integrity, with a fire starting.Quickly, I land the ship, grab the fire extinguisher and take care of the fire.Something wasn't right though, the ship wasn't repairing itself.Curious, i make my way back to the captain's chair to pilot the ship.Right before i start to pilot, a Red warning began to flash infront of me: ""WARNING: MISSILE LOCK""Oh ♥♥♥♥.Panicking like ♥♥♥♥ now, and boosting away as quickly as possible, and then turning around to see what I'm up against.Four enemy ships, the first time ive been up against more than 1.Under 20% health, outnumbered, and most likely outgunned, Chances were most likely not in my favor.Still, i give it my best shot, boosting back towards one enemy ship, slowing down before blasting it to pieces, and then boosting off as another missile lock appears.As i repeat the same process with each ship, in the end I emerged victorious, and quite proud with myself, with four burning ships litter the ground.Time to see what was in store for me.As it turns out, one of the things i was trying to pick up before i was rudely interrupted, was the upgrade i was looking for, a heating upgrade so i could go explore the ice planet. Exactly what i needed to progress.Again, for a time when i reach the ice planet there was period of time where not much happened.Found three areas with data sticks that uncover more of the backstory, but only signals of enemies that were too far out.Then, my opportunity comes, after hunting down another upgrade, i find a site where one might be located, as i approach, enemy contacts appear, a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of ships converge ontop the site.Its that time again.Wanting another fight like i did not too long ago, i rush to the enemies, as i get close, they do exactly what I imagined they would; scatter and then swarm me.Good thing the primary weapon in this game spreads like crazy. Even though there were much more ships than last time, I make short work of them while sustaining a fair amount of damage, as it appears they lacked the ability to use missiles, unlike the ones before. But even after winning the fight, the battle music is still playing and my hull isn't repairing, Naturally, i looked up to figure out why. A new group was coming in.Knowing if i tried to fight them directly, i wouldn't stand a chance, i run off a little, and then come back to destroy a few of the ships, this hit and run tactic was for the most part, effective.After a few, quick hit and runs I'm once again, victorous, and with a lot of burning ships on the frozen ground.Once more, the music did not stop. Just a little above my position, a third group was coming in, thinking this would be the same as before, I made the same attempt to fight them, one thing was off however, these ships could use missiles. And one ship in particular looked different, and hell had a different trail than the other ships, the others had green trails, this one had a pink trail. It didn't take long to realize this ship could be special when i saw a barrage of missiles come flying at me, and then quickly kill me.It was time to get creative, and then die. A lot.And that I did.After dying multiple times, i get the idea that if im always behind this special ship, it cant pummel me with its own missiles. So, i try it.And it worked, after this thing was finally destroyed, I turned my attention to the other ships that were with it, and made short work of them.The battle music finally ends, and my ships starts to repair.It had finally ended.And it was well worth it.---Thats pretty much my experience with this game so far, and has quickly become a space sim game i truly enjoy.If you have the money to do so, i'd say go buy this game. If you dont, try the demo. You might just like it, and maybe you'll have a similar experience to what I had, and you'll know what im talking about."
,Recommended,314230,26183921,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Scanlon,one does not simply see all of this game....its huge it will take u real life months to walk round a planet on foot in this game i recomend you buy this game so he can add more features that he wants like his idea of towns and bioms and moons and so much more!
76561197961039566,Recommended,314230,17798992,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JP,"If you like exploration, space flight mechanics, arcade style space simulator dog-fighting and RPG upgrading elements then this is the game for you.From the very moment I hit ""start"" and was immediately thrust into the game without a loading screen - I was hooked.  This is an excellent game and I can only hope developers continue to produce high quality space flight exploration simulators like this.Thank you to the devs for this novel and interesting gem of a game!"
,Recommended,314230,20923275,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Bsack,One of the few games that can convey the vastness of space.
,Recommended,314230,13332345,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Some Guy,"Rodina simulates a realistically sized star system, with realistic planet sizes. There isn't anything really there, it's more of a tech demo. However, if you like the vastness of space, give this game a whirl, you'll love it. Also, the most flushed out feature of this game is it's spaceship interior design mechanic. You can completely customize the inside of your spaceship......and the game fully supports modding *drops the mic*""Modding? What kinds of mods?"" you ask?ALL KINDS OF MODDING including, and not limited to:New planetsMULTIPLE star systemsFTL drive+++Ship exterior designsActual FTL shipsCool stuffand more.Do you like massive rocks flying through space at insane velocities? Do you like feeling completely insignificant compared to the massiveness of space? Well then, Rodina is for you."
76561198156049824,Recommended,314230,17956128,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,FinnsChips,"This is my first review i have ever left, and this game deserves it. It is one of the best, if not, the best game in early access out there. Each planet is massive and genuinely fun to fly around. And it has 45,000 asteroids. And enjoyable combat. And the ability to fly around in space using a fire extinguisher. Just... just get this game, okay?"
,Recommended,314230,12675237,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,billkerman,"I like this game. A lot. It may not have the substance of a fully released/AAA game, but for one guy doing all this, it's wonderful.The graphics do what they are supposed to, and I like them. The simplicity adds to the game's charm. I love the music, too. It perfectly fits the atmospheres the game puts to you: each planet (and space) have their own set of scores that give the planets personalities besides their geography and color.Performance-wise, it runs excellently.Overall great game."
76561198151386215,Recommended,314230,30628731,Posted: 19 March,all,Coolfondue,"absolutely great game. If you like just exploring a massive planets and I mean MASSIVE. If you manage to get on top of a mountain and look around, the ground is static, it is amazing. also includes full shipcreatorfor the interior which makes it so that your ship is probably not like anybody else's. Additionally, there are no loading screens. you can land on a planet, walk around on said planet,take off, warp to another planetlandon that planet and get out of your ship with no loading screens.Also, being acctively developed with new features being added constanly. 9\10 buy this game."
,Recommended,314230,12371872,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Tomakze,"Despite being very early in it's development process, this game is SUPURB. Addicting, fun, and gorgeous! The storyline is extremely compelling as well, even this early on. A++ Give the developer some money, and keep this ball rolling!!!"
,Recommended,314230,12651070,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Space Doge,"The game is just great. If you like exploring, flying, dogfighting or space then youl find the $15 is worth it. Its a great game in the current state but it needs more things that will eventually come. 9.5/10"
76561198089633582,Recommended,314230,22946271,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Top2323,I could play with the ship creator for days
,Recommended,314230,31091389,Posted: 11 April,all,GardevoirChan,"Absolutly amazing. The fact that this is being made by one dev and has constant updates makes it worth your interest. Maybe not to buy it yet, but follow its progress"
,Recommended,314230,15747650,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[RSM] Slim,"Love this game, I played the demo a lot, you get 60 (90?) mins and that's enough for the games current state... But I felt obliged to buy the full game as it is brilliant.One solar system, one ship, planetary landing, walking around ship etc.."
76561198079318421,Recommended,314230,11800057,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,revolutionsperminute,You can jump out of your ship and float off into space.
,Recommended,314230,11814972,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,explosionsoundfx,"Everything about this game is incredible. EVERYTHING.Also, my ship is probably on fire now."
76561198060914037,Recommended,314230,11552719,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DaddyLongHands,"I really like this game, at it's current state it dosn't have much, but it has so much potential that I will be following this game with a fine tooth comb, because this game will have a great future.So it's kind of an investment, but I think once he adds some ecology and surface life on planets to make them feel less barren, thats when I'll be playing it nonstop."
76561198062074001,Recommended,314230,11902299,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Wastey,this game is awesome. I have played for a little over an hour and i am compleatly hooked on it.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/10
,Recommended,314230,11755633,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,calebthebadsanta,the game just keeps going to a white screen and playing the sound and changing the cursor i dont know how to fix this but this is a game i really want to pay.. i have all the minimum requirements
76561198043264600,Recommended,314230,11865013,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rulerultamis,"This game is a great little gem. Its a space exploration/combat and search-for-items game. One of the most unique games i have seen in a LONG time.It has 4 planets, thousands of asteriods and almost all of them have items with data in the form of documents, emails, and other things. Flight in this game is very easy to learn, with the only issue is the roation (Q/E) is VERY twitchy and hard to stop. The combat is good. The seamless transition from space to atmosphere of the 4 plants is great, and the entry effects are very nice. The planets look great and the randomly generated terrain is always producing epic formations. The customizable ship system is good, but needs some improvement. The music is very great, and is different for every planet/orbit/location.Overall this game is worth the 15 dollars it costs, and i recommend this game to people who like innovative space exploration type games.8.9/10"
,Recommended,314230,25195349,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Clemicorn,"Alright so I have been playing this for a few hours now and I can tell this game is fantastic!It is basically No Mans Sky without the whole mining and crafting and trading thing. You travel between planets and asteroids collecting gear needed to battle an enemy. I do not want to say what the enemy is as that would be a pretty big spoiler.As you travel around you find bits of the lore of the universe, as well as decryption keys. The keys are why I love this game. As you find them, you unlock parts of the story. It Explains why there are crates of missiles spread all over the system, why there are no ally ships around, and why you are here.The story is Fantastic, I personally enjoy flying the ship around and attempting combat against a superior force, and uncovering the lore.Even in early access, there is enough game here to keep me playing for a lot loger."
76561198044416866,Recommended,314230,14260104,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mattlob,"I both love and hate the developers of this game.... Without spoiling too much, I will explain why.The game itself looks amazing. It has a simple art style that makes distant land look like it is a bitmap background and isn't real. This is a good point for the game because it makes it look a lot better than when you first look at it.The drive of the game comes from the data sticks and encrypted messages that you find on each of the different planets. These are written fantastically and caused me to spend an entire day (about 7.5 hours straight) trying to find them all. The all draw you into the universe that you are from and make it feel as if there is life back home and that it isn't just empty. It makes you feel as if you have a home and a reason for being there.Then there are the encrypted messages, the best part of the game.... It made me want to find them all to find out about the small forward scouts that came to the system to see what it was like so that the Rodina (mother ship) can colonise the system.*Potential spoiler skip if you don't want to know too much*The last encrypted message leaves the story on a cliff hanger. I was left feeling as though I wanted more and wanted to strangle the writers for stopping such a fantastic story the way that they did.*end of spoilery bit*Overall, if you love space exploration games then why do you not already own this???? If you love to have a brilliant story to read about, why do you not already own this???? So giving this game a recommendation is an understatement.Buy it, now!!!"
76561198327802675,Recommended,314230,34152185,Posted: 10 August,all,dylanstardust974,"Really amazing game, Ive spent hours just on modifying my ship layout. Definately worth the money no regrets"
76561197969405726,Recommended,314230,34204890,Posted: 12 August,all,Wiggles,"i will start off saying there isnt a whole lot to do in this game so far, but for someone like me who can make my own fun just flying around planets and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, thats not a big problem. the dev team is very small (i wanna say its just one dude but im not 100% on that) so updates arent super frequent, but it never more than a month MAYBE alittle longer before some sort of update is released. So far my main wish for this game is exterior ship customization; interior customization for your ship is pretty extensive and not too difficult to figure out. this game has alot of interesting key functions like being able to land on any planet and jump out of your ship guns blazing, its a great game and id reccomend it to anyone who doesnt mind making there own fun a bit."
,Recommended,314230,11868734,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,.l,"The rebirth of the space genre in general has a near and dear friend, and its name is Rodina. A true game of scale and exploration. So take a minute, grab a cup of coffee and remind yourself of your inner child. Not to say that this game is simple, it is just that fun. Offering plenty of depth, and too boot, it is a very very solid offering from a small studio. Indie games for the win."
,Recommended,314230,13934982,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Orion,"Regular updates with new features, pushing yourself around in a vacuum with a fire extinguisher, shooting aliens or burning up in atmosphere it's all good fun!There are multiple planets to explore, numerous weapons to fire, various aliens to destroy and it even has an interesting (text based) storyline."
,Recommended,314230,15566195,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Taira,"Already a great experience in early access; great music, interesting story, and an amazing sense of scale.  This is shaping up to be something really unique."
,Recommended,314230,35201238,Posted: 25 September,all,Wolf K,"This game is quite fun.  As of right now, you can literally build the interior of your entire ship, and the game comes with neat ways to customise existing textures by altering colors, and customisable lights.  Flying the ship is fun and intuitive, even though it has no inertia dampening, it's easy to control.  The only thing that DOES get annoying is the clutch.The story is entirely optional.  You can fly around wherever you want, although being limited in the beginning to an asteroid field if you don't progress in the story.  The logs you can find are entertaining, and well written, as well as being in an easy to read font, especially as someone with minor dyslexia.Planet rendering is fast, with decent heightmaps and terrrain that doesn't get too ridiculous in shape.  Atmospheric lighting looks brilliant, and the art style of the game itelf is pleasing to look at.  Planetary textures aren't too shabby either, and the lighting from ship spotlights or the players flashlight has a really nice distance, and quite a large area of illumination.  One of my favorite features is the holoscreen, which lets you turn any room on your ship into a viewing area, foregoing a standard cockpit view, though I suppose the pilot station fills that role.The ship interior customisation is very similar to Doom Builder, if anyone reading this has ever used it.  You can make up to 7 floors, although 2 are quite tiny.  The interior space is quite large, you can make your ship a maze, a small cube and an airlock, or, if it suits your style, a rather phallus shaped cockpit ""wink wink.""  It's an easy to use system, with a decent amount of options.Combat is a bit easy, but I think it is mostly because of the really slick control scheme.  It's very easy to get your ship to do what you want it to.  The combat will likely get more diverse too, and the ship guns and even the fps guns, limited as both are, feel good to shoot.  The devs update relatively frequently, and the game is by no means dead.  They even comment on reviews!  Furthermore, they even try to help with issues a player might have.The UI is easy to read and clicking on things is crisp and responsive.  Performance is nice and smooth, with tons of graphical options to suit your needs and preferences.  The controls are concise and well developed, there doesn't feel to be any artificial smoothing or acceleration, which is a welcome change from all the games with forced smoothing, accel, or even, UGH, negative acceleration.TL;DR, if you like space exploration and combat, pick this game up.  This is 15$ that is well worth it IMO."
76561198137752843,Recommended,314230,12116341,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Forsain,My god this game is amazing thanks nerdcubed!
,Recommended,314230,28187808,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Agent646,"I absolutely love this game and could easily call it the best space exploration game on the market. In it's current state, I definitely think it's worth what they're asking for it, and even if you buy it and get bored of it, come back in a week or so and there will most likely be an update to give you a few new things to check out and it is so early on that just the anticipation is worth the asking price. I strongly recommend this game if you like space and pretty games that miraculously run on low end PCs."
,Recommended,314230,35346434,Posted: 30 September,all,FLAC Attack,A great little game! The basic premise involves flying around an alien solar system with parts of the story slowly unraveling as you complete more objectives. Did I mention that this is a FULL SIZED solar system (includes 4 full planets too!)? The real thing that sets this game apart in my opinion though was the customizeable ship interiors! Want the cockpit in the bathroom? Or perhaps the engine in the kitchen? The posibilitys are ENDLESS!  I have spent just as much time playing Interior decorator as I have flying my ship around. Also MODS and an awesome dev that is active in the community and is always working to improver the game!10/10 Best interior decorator simulator with also space things.
,Recommended,314230,25103988,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,WizardJeremy,"This is a fantastic Space-exploration open-universe game in which you can fly around in a ship to many Planets, Asteroids, Moons etc. set in a randomly generated solar system with a wonderful space exploration music. It is most definitely one the best space exploration game of this day and age, all made by one man...Pro:-Absurdly massive universe-Massive worlds-Amazing soundtrack-Exhilarating combat-Awesome ship interior customisation-Loads of potentialCon:-Planets and Asteroids at this stage are very barren, just rocks with no life and is a wasteland.-Models are very polygonal, however, this could be the artsyle as the sheer size and mass of everything would be a CPU killer if the graphics were more realistic.-This is more of a Early Access con, but there isn't much to do other than looting crates & data crystals on planets, fighting hostile ships, and crusing in space. I know that the developer has plans to expand more on the game by adding NPC's, cities, life on planets etc."
76561198201283305,Not Recommended,314230,24361357,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,jj,"I bought the game to support indie developing, but there wasn't for me more than 40-50 minutes of gameplay before I got tired of landing on a planet, picking up the bits and pieces on the surface, and taking off.  Repeat x5 and I was getting a little bored.  The gameplay is interesting, but repetitive.  An autopilot to selected planet would help, as would an auto-land feature.  The ""no loading"" feature is amazing, as the game more or less seamlessly transitions from deep space to planetary atmosphere.  Atmospheric landing was interesting; I loved the shaking of the spacecraft during atmospheric descent.  The game leaves you quite on your own at the beginning, and some tips in the tutorial would be welcome.  (Hint: follow all indicators on your screen, and land as close to them as possible.)  I will probably leave the game for a few weeks and revisit, just to give myself a fresh chance at it.  Overall, not recommended from me at this time, but the game has real potential and needs to flesh out the universe for it really to come into its own.2017-02: back to playing with it and I am reminded that the music is fantastic. I bought the soundtrack to support the developer.  Finding the alien NPCs to be a bit comedic as they race at full tilt around asteroid surfaces shooting blasters at you.  I'm sure this will be fleshed out in future versions.  Still find the game slightly tedious and the planet surfaces boring, but I'll make my way to one of the new gravity bikes and try those out, if I can.  All gripes aside, floating in space listening to the excellent music is worth a few bucks.  Graphics are nothing to write home about, but somehow, it's easy to overlook them while you float in space.  I'd recommend at a discounted price, or for anyone who just loves to tool around in a free world-universe (that doesn't really have that much going on) while listening to great music.  Will continue to explore."
76561198137537061,Recommended,314230,33934176,Posted: 31 July,all,PsyshoZombiexxxL,Pros: -Great Story-Great ship controlls-good aiNegs:-The planets are a little bit lifeless(you could add some plants or animals)But overall it is a pretty cool game.Keep it on.
,Recommended,314230,17068575,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,d_rugged,"I purchased Elite Dangerous first, as it has become one of the most talked about space games on the market right now. After i purchased it and played for a day, i was left wanting more, all there is in elite is space combat really, a bit of trading, but thats just flying through space, which gets very boring on its own. then i was cruising some reddit forms and stumbled onto rodina. it had just released on steam and didnt have a big following yet, but those who were behind it knew how special it was and there was mods popping up and the developer was super intouch with his audience, like hes making the game for himself as much as us. I wish i could go back, save the 70+ dollars i spent on elite and just have rodina. its so good, scratches all my space game itches, and still has so much potential. and its one of these perfect games for this generation of gamers, with all the mods, and forums. If you are at all interested in these game, buy it. it wont cost an arm and a leg, you help a great guy make a great game, and you will be getting plenty more then your paying for down the road. plus getting early access games like this, that really are early access, give you something to look forward to each month, checking out the new updates. GREAT GAME = BUY IT"
,Recommended,314230,21025095,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Marlling,"This is without a doubt the most beautiful game of all time, The demo won't simply do it.All of the colors, the perspective... AND AN ENTIRE SOLAR SYSTEM. There are mostly asteroids, but the planets that there are are huge, (Took me probably 15 minutes to get to the surface, simply because of the atmosphere.)And since it's still an early access game, there are probably MUCH more to come!Bonus - You can enable a Retro Mode, that allows you to pixelate the game; Boosting the performance and still look magnificent pixelated!"
,Recommended,314230,12430172,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ABagOfFritos,"So cool.  Buy this.  Go to the website and pay more than the Steam price because this guy deserves it.  Super simple, yet oh so massively deep."
,Recommended,314230,14832721,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gatack,Amazing concept for a game.  The one thing that can be improved on is the editing system but other wise well worth 14.99 USD.
,Recommended,314230,24702250,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Elfinnnn,"Now usually early-access games are terrible scams and you have no guarantee that it will get any better. This game is different. I don't know if it's the fact that if development stopped right now it'd still be worth it, or if it's the fact that the developer is the best of all time. But I do know that this game is definitely worth the money and time sucked into it."
,Recommended,314230,28249499,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BaronFeyd,"Baing made by one guy this is impressive.  Yeah its crude looking but I think thats a nice aesthetic.  Sure the ship you're in is a place holder right now and yeah theres not much to really ""do"" in the game except grab bits and pieces of the story from logs and what not.  But this is a labour of love by one dev and it shows.  We don't get many updates but when we do they show actual progress.  Honestly with a larger dev team this could be what no mans sky wanted to be.  Hell even as it stands it's more of a game than nms.  And now with this new Xeno infestation update I cant wait to get back into this game.  Keep up the good hard work dev, it is greatly appriciated by many people."
,Recommended,314230,11794217,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SPEEDY WAGON CSGOTRASH.COM,"This game is simply amazing! Its solar system is so huge! Even the music gets the mood of the dangerous, lonely but beautiful infinite space.There are atleast 500 places to explore (Just estimating)! Including the 4 planets that are surrounded with enemy forces.The story seems to be really well written (I only read a few notes and FTL transmissions).I can say that I only found a few visual bugs on the surface of the planets, else this game is really great!! You can even make your own ship layout!As I said before, this game gets the exact feeling of how beautiful space is while being lonely and cold, in a enemy solar system, knowing that humans are at an edge of extinction.-Money well spent!"
76561198013846127,Recommended,314230,11646576,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Ionsphere2000,This game is already truly above and beyond what I expected from an early access game.
76561198107246653,Recommended,314230,14022452,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Anotaros,"IT IS JUST INCREDIBLE i spent around 1.5 hours designing a ship the other time was me just flying to planets i recommend to anyone and this game WILL BE INCREDIBLE in future updates so yes, get it"
76561198059112944,Recommended,314230,29944946,Posted: 15 February,all,Atlas_Ghost,"The first time I played this, I was instantly hit with a deep sense of immersion. Throughout the game I was kept immersed in the simple yet deep story, the exploration and experimenting to see what the ship could do. I can't wait to see all the updates this is gonna get before full release and I hope if possible it could even get a vr release. That would be amazing10/10 would crash into the sun again"
76561198244548592,Recommended,314230,30782166,Posted: 27 March,all,freshfaygo,"Do you like taking beautiful screenshots? This is for you!Do you like reading ridiculous amounts of optional text based story-telling? This is for you!Do you like the crushing loneliness of a single-player game, because your internet makes mp players hate you? This game is for you!"
76561198170441623,Recommended,314230,22622692,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,chickenkiller3513,"I think rodina is a very good game with good graphics and a huge exploration space game, but the fighting in this game is awful the enimies have auto aim it looks like when I play it. But every thing else is amazing."
76561198275123781,Recommended,314230,22563510,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Anon 91,Great musicFantastic gameplay10/10
76561198194518690,Recommended,314230,27550787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(LAG) Niteguard,"Rodina. What a beautiful game, I simply can't understand why you would play anything else.First of all this game is set in space so it's already cool, but what is even better is your FULLY CUSTOMISABLE SPACESHIP! with that you can really get to know your ship and maybe even roleplay a bit.Then there are space enemies, meaning you can have epic space battles fighting with or against a variety of weapons. Or you could decide to take it to close combat and blast the alien fools once you've boarded their space stations.Meanwhile in this already fully immersive and incredible combat you will have some cool music playing. Music, no big deal right? Wrong. The music in this game makes it twice as better even if you're cruising around a planet, or in fast paced combat or even running around your spaceship like a madman.After all this there is more! The flying in this game is absolutely brilliant, at all times you feel very in control of what your ship is doing. (Except when you are in limnal drive.) Zoom around space at multiple speeds and really understand how BIG space is. Even at the fastest speed you're going to have trouble reaching the other end.The Planets are excellent and many aliens inhabit them. Then there are hundreds of asteroids, seriously that isnt an exageration. The asteroids also inhabited by aliens. Then as mentioned before there are alien space stations littered around space. On all planets and asteroids there is tons of loot to find including space emails that progresses the story. All planets have there own music too!The very simple art style works perfectly.This has been my review on Rodina, obviously this game is in early access at the moment and things could change but when it is finished i will look forward to playing it. At it's current state i would give it a very honest 9.5/10.-Niteguard"
,Recommended,314230,29324126,Posted: 17 January,all,CosmicSloth,"This review consists of the factors that led me to the decision of buying this game. I originally started off with the demo, and I was sold. I insist you do the same.The story and soundtrack in Rodina are supurb. Although the main story in this game isn't on par with games like Mass Effect, for a one man dev, the writing is fantastic (I'm not sure if Brendan/Raptormeat does all the writing or if he has help). Rodina's story is refreshing, in a sense that you really feel like the transmissions you read are from real people in a real universe. I've been on the edge of my seat when reading some of these. The story drew me into this ficitonal universe.The soundtrack, story, ship customization, and the sheer scale of the planets are what really drew me in. I'm a gamer that loves a good soundtrack, and this game definitely delivers.At the time of writing, I have 9 hours logged (I bought this game yesterday (1/16)); and I would say that 4 of those hours were consumed by ship customization. You have complete freedom when customizing your ship. There are mods for this game that one can download to acquire new types of ships, but I really enjoy the simplicity of the vanilla ship.As for the planets, there has been countless times where I've landed my ship, thinking I was close to my target, when in reality, I was hundred of meters off. People who have played this game know what I'm talking about. At times, it's truley hard to comprehend how massive some of these planets really are.If you're not yet convinced, try the demo. With the demo, you acquire the entire game, but are limted to 90 minutes of gameplay. If you decide to buy the game, you can start right where you left off.So start with the demo, and enjoy a truly remarkable game."
76561198155663605,Recommended,314230,17066713,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Recklessbeard,Big.
,Recommended,314230,25329416,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Reveem,"For what this is, and all the potential this has, I am ♥♥♥♥ing excited for this game. The dev wants to make this Marrowind in space. Just saying, get it, enjoy it, and get ready for some upcoming updates."
,Recommended,314230,12584029,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TrinityCobra,Good game and very fun to fight enemies with but the only problem I have is how to use hyper space...
,Recommended,314230,12589565,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,[ZM] Briggadier,Even at it earliest stage this game is very fun. The potential of this game is huge.
,Recommended,314230,24785304,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,EHP,Simple game with amazing features. In my opinion this game should be as popular as no mans sky.
76561198047618387,Recommended,314230,24232870,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,simian6791,"The game definitely is a work in progress, but it does have a lot of potential. The planets need some npc's of some kind to make it feel more realistic. Besides some other nitpicks, the game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,314230,23109676,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Micky Serendipity,"Really cool game, can see great potential for a finished product."
76561198042135162,Recommended,314230,11734722,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,The Skywhale,"Made my own ship, flew out into the universe ,killed a space pirate, crashed into asteroid behind space pirate.420/10"
,Recommended,314230,31671256,Posted: 10 May,all,Livinapouch8377,A beautiful game with an amazing dev. It is really refreshing to see a dev that actually cares about their game. The game itself is a fun and fantastic experience that I cannot recommend enough.
,Recommended,314230,33569278,Posted: 15 July,all,Rock More,I would love to play this in VR
,Recommended,314230,24813870,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nightrader,"This game has heart and soul put into it. Don't buy this expecting a perfect product. This is an investment into an idea, an idea which one man is working very hard on to make it a reality. Unlike most Early Access games, this one is being worked on. If you don't want to invest in it now, then wait a year for it to be done."
76561198097102264,Recommended,314230,25868298,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,nedng,Get to know this game through NMS. Stick with it because it overdelivers while underpromises!
76561198063469512,Recommended,314230,34264950,Posted: 15 August,all,Pan,get it right now or i will be very angry
,Recommended,314230,17666716,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,CHACKAL,"This is Probably, the most amazing, Explore and Adventure game. The Graphics remind me of the old 90's 3D Games. Yet, it controls its textures quite Beautifully. Especially the Planets which have a nice feel to them that I have never had before.Its overall a Huge, beautiful, Immensly special game that I will be looking forward to in the future! I seriously recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,314230,12656266,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Dingle,"A very interesting concept. The game is pretty bare bones right now. The story, while told all through text, is interesting. The combat is fun and challenging, although I think fires happen a little too easily. Once this project is completed it will be one hell of a game!"
76561198181132043,Recommended,314230,22418821,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,noahbuilder7,"This game is a fun game until a point i played the demo first and didnt get far in the story and i thought was going to have a big ending but ends with you just floating through space in your ship with ""animations"" that do nothing yet..... It is constantlyu updating and will just need time and support.Sorry about old reveiw i understand i wasn't being fair."
,Recommended,314230,22967464,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,suprpineappleman,"It's good. Buy it, it's completely worth it if you like games relating to space or exploration. There's even quite a bit of action in hte dogfights you have with alien ships."
,Recommended,314230,18823323,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,suh dude,"This game is an amazing experience. It's just you and your ship ready to explore a vast open solar system.Pros -Combat is funGreat GraphicsIf you read all the data that you collect for your Archives you learn some interesting loreNo Set goal really just get in your ship and exploreFlying the ship is very fun also designing the interiror is also very funAn overall amazing AtmosphereCons -You can't design the exterior of your shipEvery planet is desolate, it would be nice to see some sort of inhabitants or ancient ruins on each planet.A very ""Lonely"" Experience as you are all alone in this vast solar system except for the enemies.Alough designing ship interior is fun it is very awkward to select individual objects building it overall can be quite frustrating.Overall i would probally give this game about an 8/10 For what it is it is a very fun space exploration game but it does need improvements. If they fixed all the issues ive adressed then the game for me would be a solid 10 because i just love it."
,Recommended,314230,24988637,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Shaftboop,"This game is the hero we need, not the game we deserve.Seriously though, Im amazed by how well this hits the buttons of my deepest sci fi nerd. Its a game that has a large amount of potential. With the ship interior design and the awesome way they do entering a planet's atmosphere. Its not without issues though, the combat needs some ironing and landing can feel very awkward at times. Overall I'd highly recommend this game if you're really into space, or just want to get reallllllly stoned and fly around space."
,Recommended,314230,24946787,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Bodge_,"this game is great for those who love space flight and planetery exploration. althought this game has not an infinately expansive and is actually set in a solar system, it is brilliantly done. i can confirm that the images and videos shown are included in the game like you should expect. althought if you feel scepticle about if you'd like the game or not do try the demo first."
76561198095229946,Recommended,314230,12015766,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Kakusha.exe,Rodina is a game where you custimize your ship then eithier explore giant planets and medium sized astroids or crash into the sun.
76561198072988356,Recommended,314230,19225704,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Catnapper,"This game perfectly encapsulates why I love space but don't actually want to go there. The ""reading about the best parts at home"" and ""actually going to space"" sides are equally interesting. Rodina makes space realistically boring in this fashion. You can see mountains the size of continents, but they still look like piles of red dirt once you get over their size. You can see canyons miles deep that circle entire planets, but they're mostly the same westward as eastward. You can see 10,000 large space rocks but they're all more or less pointless unless you find the one that's only the size of Connecticut. You can see purple skies and a green sun just as easily as yellow skies and a blue sun, and both look equally routine after spending enough time under both. Warp into the sun accidentally, and you'll get a quick laugh. Warp into someplace that isn't the sun and wonder what you'll find. Hit planetside without dieing and your reward is an endless desert, as not-really-picturesque as the REAL Saharan Desert, as it stretches on samily for all of the miles. Maybe you can find some fun rocks, but you have to sift through a billion tons of rainbow dirt to find it. Shooting aliens gets normal after you figure out how to start shooting at max range and backpedaling. The game is boring, but rightfully so because if it was always interesting then it'd be unrealistic. Just remember: Lotta dirt to look through to find that rock in that one episode of Star Trek that bill and Ted parodied.Seriously though warping into the sun never gets old."
,Recommended,314230,17455462,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Serben,"this is one of the best space games ive ever played, strongly reccomend it!"
76561198028317383,Recommended,314230,24735221,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tree Baron,"Quite a nice game. The developer gives it fairly frequent updates, which is very refreshing.Best feature, is just flying around, landing wherever you want, and transitioning from planets to space and vice versa without a loading screen.Needs more music, but the stuff that's there is pretty good."
76561198137611618,Recommended,314230,11853600,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tanto,"it is a very good game with lots of potential though i cant get out of my ship wheter or not this is intentional i dont care, so buy this game and it will bring hours of fun!!!!"
,Recommended,314230,12046696,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Giant Moon Rat,"I see a large amount of potential in this game. From the alpha alone, I can tell that I will lose a lot of hours to this."
,Recommended,314230,24993932,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,skaluf0013,"I have only been playing this game for a few hours, but I am loving it. I had seen this earlier in the year and had forgotten about it. Tried to get No Mans Sky to work and it wouldnt then I rediscovered this game.So this game gives me the feeling of playing minecraft way back in the day when it was very simple, it was amazing. So is this, I love just flying around and shooting down other ships, and recently took on a Vanguard Chunk so that was cool too. One of my favorite features is the ability to modify the layout of the ship. I look forward to continuing on with this game as I have read the Developer blog about the features that will be added within the next 2 years. This game is going to turn into something even more awesome.Overall I would say this game is a 9/10 currently. Only lacking a point due to some features that are not, but will be present later.My Feedback on this is that it would be cool to have the ability to drag and place room sizes within the ship, or maybe just make that functionality a little more advanced, which I think is planned anyway. Also maybe an player inventory system, Like in order to put a datastick into the archives, you must manually walk to the archives and file it. I am sure that will come along as well with the additional health items being added. last thing i may suggest is instead of flying from the cockpit being the last position your player was at, make an interface tha treats it like you are a camera at the front of the ship with a hud for alt. distance. ammunition health etc, also as an alternative to that, a pilots station view with a holoscreen monitor setup for cockpit driving.Still, I love this game!"
76561198120696949,Recommended,314230,25002703,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Slug,Amazing.
,Recommended,314230,15280572,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,OpaqueMonolith,"Excellent early access game. Unfortunately as it is, the game is very short. You can almost beat the game on the free demo. But I'm excited for the continuation of the story line, in all a good game."
,Recommended,314230,17081357,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Skelyerath,"NASA just flung a probe past Pluto and into the Kuiper belt. I couldn't even get off the first asteroid without killing myself.If all of the recent space exploration hype has you itching to play a space game, I say skip the other titles that are currently available and go for Rodina. Sure Kerbal Space Program might be really complicated (and realistic?), but Rodina is a great little package for $15 that you can just pick up and play...and get addicted to.It has all the bells and whistles you'd want in a space sandbox game: Huge planets to explore, hundreds of asteroids to find and explore, logs that act kind of like journal entries that piece together a story, space combat, and more. I've only scratched the surface of the game (2.6 hours on record so far), and it's really mind blowing. I'm curious to see what else awaits me in the solar system.I highly recommend this game to anyone itching for some space action or to anyone who likes a great sandbox/exploration game in general. Very fun with a lot of great visuals!"
76561198038468252,Recommended,314230,33964033,Posted: 1 August,all,ScaryBear,It's terrifying when you walk into a room you forgot you composed entirely of holoscreens while in space. 19/19 would drop stomach again.
,Recommended,314230,12145925,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,TheInsidiousTaco,A surprisingly deep game with a huge difference in scale at every turn. The story is well delivered for the equivalent of text boxes from an old RPG. I'm looking forward to when and if it is completed.
,Recommended,314230,16202724,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,GourangaMan,"Man. This game! If you are into fast action, fast pace and shallow story told through short cut scenes, then this game is NOT for you.I got the demo and before I was 10 mins into the time limit, I was on here buying the early access for it. The ability to go from asteroid to orbit to landing and walking about a planet's surface, without load scenes is amazing.The story is told through Data packed you collect from (what I presume to be) crash sites through out the system. I found the story to be captivating (the added reading material is also very cool, I love how time has twisted history).Combat is a little tricky to start but You will get there.This is a game that runs OK on my old Intel Pentium D system3.4GHz dual core Pentium D2.5GB ramATI Readon HD 5450 1GBResolution set to 1024 x 768Still a bit choppy but It's playable and has not ruined my enjoyment at all.A great game for exploration and cruising. Looking forward to further updates and Universe expantion."
76561198220422519,Recommended,314230,35197504,Posted: 24 September,all,bearodark,"truely a great game in my eyes, i have yet to beat it but the story is amazing and the combat mechanics are very intresting and different from others."
76561198093722849,Recommended,314230,12155556,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,asstastic,"It was fun while it lasted.. Rodina is a pretty cool game but there isn't much point after you've finished the story. I hope the developer keeps adding content because this game is really promising. In its current state it is in no way a complete game. It needs a lot more features for it to have any lasting playability. That said, the mechanics are fine and the space atmosphere is majestic with some great music to enhance that atmosphere. I can't highly recommend this but if it's on sale at some point, go for it. Not that it's a bad game, it just have very little to do and it's repetetive.In short,Flew into sun at maximum speed after completing the story that has been made so far.10/10 GOTY :)"
,Recommended,314230,12161389,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pindie,Little over 2 hours in.Exceeded my expectations so far. The Story - delivered in text only - reminds me of old school Sci-Fi like Lem. The difficulty (1.0) seems just balanced enough where you will die immediately if you do not pay attention but enemies are manageable. Enemy swarms look intimidating and encounters are tense.The ship building aspect and upgrades feel unfinished and basic. Ship building seems almost purely decorative at this point.
,Recommended,314230,17685433,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nick Noobles,"Ok... This is the best indie game I. have. ever. played.I'm in love with this game and it's incredible lore. The gameplay is just so much fun and the ability to mod the game makes it even better. Rodina is very cleverly made with a lot of love and soul put into it. The developer actively listens to it's community. There's not much I can say about the story except for: ""Good lord, this is so good""... I want a whole book dedicated to this game. Seriously. The writing is spectacular and it keeps me immersed in the game. Normaly I wait for the game to be released after ealry access, but if you're reading this, PLEASE buy this game. I'm not begging, i'm just telling you that It's totally worth the money, and your time. I want this game to become as popular as it actually deserves to be because the team is not on a very big budget and I can see some great, big and amazing things to come in the future.For some this game may seem that it lacks features, but I think it's a masterpiece in the making.Thank you Elliptic Gaming for this charming bowl of awesomeness you've brought to the table of gaming. I will be following this game from now on until it's end. THATS how good Rodina is.10/10PS: It's amazing how much more content this game has compared to No Man's Sky...PPS:Hey you! Yes you, the developer! I'm Russian. I saw what you did there with the title, just sayin'? :D"
76561198045972141,Recommended,314230,28020654,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kill9779,"this game is amazing, wasnt sure how much id like it but it looked kinda like no mans sky so i looked it upwell, i found a few comments on it and decided to give it a try... well, i spent the 14 bucks and wow! i love it!there is somewhat of a story more like an outline of a story (its in the works still) and have had new updates adding to the story already!win win! worth the money.. no loading screens!!! no cut scenes!!! just you and your ship alone roaming exploring hundreds of asteroids looking for ammo and upgrades. sounds weird but im telling you its addicting and very captivating"
,Recommended,314230,12155514,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,IemDumm,"This game has so many moments when you can appreciate the beauty of this game. The game also has many epic combat sequances and amazing music. It also has a nice story, but the editor Is absolutely terrible."
76561198022455738,Recommended,314230,15173507,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Rory Clague,"This game is a hidden gem.  The graphics are a bit primitive at this stage, but I've been waiting too long for a space RPG where you can fly from one world to another, get out and take in the view, and perhaps fight a few aliens along the way.  The exploration aspect is what I've been waiting for.  I'm a huge fan of Orbiter and Kerbal Space Program, so I like more realistic space sims than the overwhelming majority of space games that consist of a few three dimensional sectors with an atmospheric-style arcade flight model.  My dream game would be the Orbiter flight model set in a Space Engine-like procedural universe (along with SE's graphics) with a first-person MMU mode and no FTL.  Instead, I would favor a game that uses a futuristic energy source like antimatter or a black hole reactor to accelerate at 1 G until Lorentz factors are great enough that the on-board passenger could make it to the destination in a timely manner (due to time dilation on board, hundreds of years could pass outside the ship but only a few years inside the ship - in addition, space ahead of the ship would contract).  In-game time acceleration or a hibernation mode could skip much of the travel at these great speeds for the player.  I realize that for the majority of players, this would be extremely boring, but Rodina is a good step in the direction I prefer.  The flight model isn't as realistic as Orbiter, but because it is completely open I feel that it is a nice compromise between the requirements of a fun game and the immersion I require to feel I'm exploring space.  What I feel would really make my 'dream game' described above fun, despite its disadvantages, is a great story.  And, wow, Rodina has an amazing story.  I can't wait to play it through to the final conclusion.  The current form of the game ends on a bit of a cliffhanger, but what an amazing twist at the end!  I hope future editions of the game allow the player explore another star system.Overall, I would say this game is fantastic.  Can't wait to see the completed masterpiece.  Beyond being a fun game, it's just a really good science fiction story."
,Recommended,314230,29685047,Posted: 3 February,all,WitherGaming,"This game is awesome.  Thats a good first sentance for a review, but thats what it is awesome. Its a seamless game so basicly no loading screens, all the planets/astroids load in and it doesnt take that long to load with a decent computer. Doesnt lag much at all, looks amazing. I have a decent PC and I have all these settings all the way up and it doesnt lag. The only thing this game needs is multiplayer, and like servers that would be so cool. I really love this game 10/10 worth the money!"
,Recommended,314230,29326231,Posted: 17 January,all,laser1243,i like the game but you either like it or you dont download the demo and make sure you try out limnal drive becuase even if you run everything at 60 the limnal drive may still crash your game (as it does on my other computer) if your computer runs limnal drive on the demo and you enjoy it then buy it or add it to your wishlist or whatever
,Recommended,314230,35099338,Posted: 21 September,all,Spyder,"If you like exploring planets, buy this. The developer is actively adding new content to this game"
,Recommended,314230,11834583,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Reverend D,Has the potential to be the greatest casual space game made to date.
,Recommended,314230,29999038,Posted: 17 February,all,crocodile1066,"Quite fun. I wish there were more to do on the planets; in fact a little more content in general would be very welcome, but over all I've enjoyed it so far, and it certainly passes the 1-hour-of-entertainment-per-£ test."
,Recommended,314230,31496934,Posted: 1 May,all,Sir Quifilous,"This is a game for people dissapointed By No Man's Sky, even though this one came out first, but its also still not anywhere near finished...anyways the designing of the ship is amazing, you can make ANYTHING in there. Also amazing size scaling. ITS A SOLAR SYSTEM YAY!"
76561198309256430,Recommended,314230,30694693,Posted: 23 March,all,MasterStrider117,"Its on of those games you show to your friends to try and blow their minds,But I never really find my self playing it on my own that much."
76561198175909174,Recommended,314230,30699101,Posted: 23 March,all,BabelFish,"Absolutly amazing game. The flying is so smooth, the combat is exclent and fun. I would recomend this to anyone."
76561198042180560,Recommended,314230,33245290,Posted: 4 July,all,Force21,"This is an incredible game.  It has a great storyline, very interesting flying mechanics, and the scale of everything is slightly mind boggling.  The dev's plans for the future sound very promising as well."
,Recommended,314230,23315464,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Vaeldious,It feels so pure and relaxing.
,Recommended,314230,27811341,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tontimer,It's like no man's sky but without dinosaurs and with fun.
76561197972843920,Recommended,314230,14735641,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,AliensOnMars,"This is a fantastic game and is full of promise.There's something quite sublime about flying to the tallest peak of a mountain range (and these moutains can be TALL) and looking out over an alien landscape watching the sky gradually lighten and the shadows fade as the planet's rotation brings it to face the system's star. Then you can simply hop into your ship aim it at the sky (perhaps at that intersting point of light you spied in the night sky) and fly into space with the backdoor open to watch those mammoth peaks retreat into the background of the planet's surface.Equally satisfying is the inertia based space flight and combat - a highlight for me was strolling around on the ground when I noticed a meteor shower landing close to me...only to realise it was the incoming fire from some dive bombing fighters, after a tense sprint back to the ship, and even tenser dogfight, watching the wreckage of the enemy ships dwindle to tiny points of flame on the vast terrain below was both oddly satisfying and reminds you of the scale of this experience you're sitting in.Finally it's worth mentioning this all occurs against a background of great music (makes me feel like I'm part of 2001 Space Odyssey) and a really excellently written (if currently background) story that you can discover as you explore.I really recommend buying this game, enjoying it and then keeping your eye on it - the developer has big goals and if you buy this now you'll not only be in for a treat but be investing in an even greater one on the horizon."
76561198062338961,Recommended,314230,17975427,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,mjk500,"To start off I would like to make abundantly clear this game is early in development.  There isn't much to do other than scavenge and fight enemies, but that part is well made.  Personally I enjoyed the space combat, and the holosticks you find around the solar system are very interesting.  Also I would like to add that the physics in this game are very realsitic, and the visuals are stunning, watching the sun rise on the side of a planetis beautiful, especially morena.  While there are no quests, the developer (yes there is only one) has big plans, and is active in the community.  He responds to a lot of the comments people have, and has already begun implementing some npcs in the game.  The game is very fun to load up every few days and fly around a alien solar.  It also has full controller support, and isn't broken in any way.  Some people have expierienced bugs, but I haven't.  If you enjoy exploration and space, and can stop to smell the roses that are in this game, I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,314230,17823544,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Scionni,"Even as millions of dollars are constantly being funneled into Star Citizen's production, Cloud Imperium's proven team of engineers and artists reach for the Holy Grail of space simulation that the single developer of Rodina has already claimed. What Rodina lacks in visual polish and superficial content, it more than makes up for with a flawlessly seamless harmony between interstellar, planetary, and ship-based gameplay. Ever wanted the ability to fight hull fires in your custom made ship as it plummeted rapidly through the atmosphere of an undiscovered planet? That I know of, Rodina is the only space simulator currently with that capacity.Good - You'll get a space flight sim experienced that you've only been able to fantasize. This is what Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous hope to be some day.Bad - The game is still in tentative development, and as such, lacks many secondary and tertiary features that ought to populate a gamespace as open and as unhindering as Rodina's. Rest assured, however, that the developer is working on truly solid foundations, and given time, Rodina will be soaked with features."
76561198122621169,Recommended,314230,29817134,Posted: 9 February,all,Gnome Goatee,"This is easily one of my favorite games of all time. Writing this review as I'm playing lol. The artwork is amazing and the soundtrack is on point. Every place you visit seems like a new challenging experience from the landing of the aircraft to the looting of new items. Some things that could be tweaked though:- Lack of personality/character. I think introducing some type of AI with the ship such as a HAL could make the game go a long way.- More diversity in looting areas. Everywhere you land your ship to get items its the same thing with aliens shooting you, why not some places with just items or even friendly AI?- Video data fragments. I think the implention of Video data fragments into the game for cutscenes would be another great way to build onto the story. After a lot of data collecting going back and reading tons of paragraphs can lose interest.- More places to visit, not necessarily planets, but checkpoints inbetween such as moons, galaxies, etc. This doesn't have to be story related it could even be for more items drops or just scenery.This isn't ragging on the game either. This is just some input to make it possibly one of the greatest games of all time. This is probably my favorite Sandbox game I've ever played and really hope this isn't one of those cash grabs and run indie games because this game has the potential to be so much more."
,Recommended,314230,24936924,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SOSdude,"Amazing Game, many people complain that there are not enough features or not enough things to do, but the dev is actually adding more things into the game. The last time i checked, there was no combat, but now its here. I can wholeheartedly recommend this game and buying it now will support the dev and allow him to work on the game even further."
76561198101039258,Recommended,314230,29153940,Posted: 9 January,all,Highlord -TPF-,"I've had a few hours to explore, get comfy with the controls (very easy to learn) and shoot down a few bad guys in space and on the ground. How best to describe this flawed gem? I'm Smitten is how!Daggerfall in Space is the term the dev wants us to recognise this as and at this stage i can see it coming together. Planets in this alpha are all pretty much barren wastelands but with the introduction of ground/outdoor combat they have enemy NPC's guaring supply drops and there's even some ships to fight flying in the skies of the planet, not just in space.Space combat feels great. The bullets are sparatic and spread out really far but you can deal some serious damage from a good distance. Enemy fighters will try to get behind you while larger ships tend to deploy homing missiles and fire some slow moving torpedos that hardly hit you but hurt when they do.Ground combat with the two blasters you can use is farely basic, nothing special, but it's fun. You have your default blaster that shoots as fast as you can click with a hold-down attack or the repeat blaster which shoots continuously when held down.The exploration is fun. The portential is staggering! It's empty of anything friendly and the game is incredibly lonely but with plans for cities and friendly NPC's on planets along with multiplayer I have high hopes that this game will only get better.Best of all, this space sim has made no false promises.Pros:-Space Combat is fun-Huge solar system, mind bogglingly realistic, with plenty to explore-Jumping on asteroids (weeeeeee)-The ship interiors make me smile, so homely-Can bombard enemy troops on the ground with my ship guns!-Great Music-Seamless planet transistion with a very realistic atmospheric entryCons:-Graphics are a weak point but easily looked past-Ground combat is still new and bare bones but fun though I see it becoming a chore-Some lackluster sound effects-Lonely game :(I hope this one keeps it's promises!"
76561198048362160,Recommended,314230,29080064,Posted: 6 January,all,oyster,"The most seamless feeling spaceflight game I've ever played. There is no apparent boundary of any kind between spaceflight, landing, and personal movement.  If you want you can walk around your ship while it's in motion and look out the windows, and you can also open the ship doors at any time. I remember dreaming of a game like this when I was a kid.Great writing, too!"
76561198070025898,Recommended,314230,29735040,Posted: 5 February,all,OG Chronic Depression,Very fun. Cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,314230,29755069,Posted: 6 February,all,Onemario1234,"The exploration, the seemlessness, the planets' sizes, and don't even get me started on the soundtrack, all of it is amazing! Planets are satisfying to encounter and land on with the music that plays when you do so, flying your ship is easy, and various difficulty options can be changed to be easier. Have I mentioned the music? It goes so unbelievably well with what planet you encounter and land on! Your ship's interior can be customized to your liking, and can have multiple floors! Everything is so seemless, as well! When I land on a planet, or exit a planet's atmosphere, it's impossible to tell when something unloads! One time I landed on a planet, and saw another planet against the sun, the planet I saw looked like a tiny speck! And planet size is AMAZING! They're pretty much actual size, it's bloody amazing (Being from Washington USA, I don't normally say bloody like that, so you know I mean it)! Everything about this game is just AMAZING! I love every bit of it, and it's only going to get better. At the moment, planets are kinda bland, but the developer plans on adding citadels and such to the planets. One thing I hope gets added in the future is space stations that you can customize both inside and out, that may or may not orbit, depending on where it was built.TL;DRThe game is amazing, and I highly recommend it. I rate this game a 10/10!"
,Recommended,314230,23341844,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,D4_L0N3_W0LF,"hey dev, excellent work, ive tried game making before and its ♥♥♥♥ing hard even with a pre made engine. that being said in my playing of the trial and now having played a few minutes after purchase, here is what i beleive needs to be on your checklist. i really apreciate what you have done and only want to assist.- weapons (would be awesome if i could destroy some environments with them)- randomly generated, simple polygon rocks on terrain to spice it up.- environmental features, like changes in terrain colour (different types of dirts or ice ect)- torch function needs some revision, using torch in charachter mode feels unrealisticly long range.- some form of multiplayer, just simple shared solar system with simple interactions will do- revise controlls, button layout is ok, but the responsiveness and actual movement is medeocre- better HUD would be awesome, the static cirlce image in pilot mode as a recticle looks low quality, and both HUD's need more information, maybe a typical sci fi neon blue or orange low opacity always on HUD?- in ship mode if the screen stretched as you sped up it would improve the perception of speed. and if the dots on objects faded and expanded as you get closer i think that would look nice. :)- characher model please! nothing to flashy, i just like to see my hands and feet! makes it that much more imersive- some form of space station/outpost with instant travel and vendors?- animate the sun and clouds on planets, just subtle, too flashy will kill it- higher res background would be awesome.- warning siren and outer screen flashing red for dangers ASWELL as low healthhope this helps!i noticed some audio wasnt there, and i make elecronic music as a hobby, i have become quite profficient at it. ive also tried soundscapes, and i think i could get some pretty good sound design going given my knowledge of the program i use. if you need any sound design done, weapon sounds, object noises, ect or electronic music ambience, i can give it my best crack. and more than likely completely free. either message this steam acount or emailhazziepro@gmail.comthis is my soundcloud if you want to check out some of my past musichttps://soundcloud.com/bassalisk"
,Recommended,314230,23410239,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Infini,"""A poor mans No Mans Sky""You cant really compare the two since no mans sky generates each planet and solar systems, when Rodina has a pre made solar system with a few planets and astroids you can visit. Great game 10/10 very fun and cant wait to spend countless hours in game."
,Recommended,314230,33687307,Posted: 20 July,all,Tf2Trash,"only played for ten hours AWESOME its beautiful, well styled and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun to play. however dont play at night because the music will mess with your feels!"
,Recommended,314230,21674129,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,America man,"ive played every space game on steam (at least i think so)space engineers had nothing in it and was honestly a bad gameelite dangerous was too simulationy if that makes senseand a non steam game space engine was nice, but had nothing to do except explorebut this game is a masterpiece, and ive played 80 minutes, its so much fun to fly around and explore, sure there isnt alot of planets, but 40,000 asteroids? holy ♥♥♥♥.game runs flawless on my 960 2gb, everything maxed out and i get 150 fps,controls are crisp and responsivbuy this♥♥♥♥♥♥nowbuy itthis is a long♥♥♥♥♥reviewBUY THE GOD DAMN GAME"
76561198202552420,Recommended,314230,32679238,Posted: 23 June,all,Dick Pussy Enthusiast,"This game is incredibal! I cannot express the amount of joy I get from playing this game. I suggest everyone to buy this game or if your on the fense about it, wait until more updates come out or wait until the game comes out. Love this game so so  much. I'm so immersed in the intense and beutiful soundtrack and the great space travel feature. No Mans Sky wishes it was this game. Greatest game ever!"
,Recommended,314230,30418349,Posted: 9 March,all,Antesnov,"It ain't No Man's Sky.And as an early release, what I'm seeing now tells me there's tons more potential. I can't wait to see more."
76561198032781028,Recommended,314230,29890852,Posted: 12 February,all,Rastro,"This game is highly addicting, I started playing, planning on playing for about an hour, morning comes 8 hours later, mom comes in, asks ""you're up already?""seeing as I hadnt slept and had school....I knew I f***ed up.My screw-ups aside, this game is seriously fun, and the discovery of what happened to the rest of your fleet was so rivetting it had me running alien blockades to retrieve data logs and blowing up enemies for a clear window to escape.Fair warning: beware of venting the atmosphere, it is great for putting out fires, but heck-a annoying if you get blown out as well.9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,314230,30566826,Posted: 17 March,all,Jay,Seriously the most intertaining space game i have played so far and it's in early access. Amazing.
76561197966486706,Recommended,314230,12478331,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ox,"Please add a way to beam back to your ship from walking around. I was walking around and it came under attack, no way I could save it :( Also it would just look cool. make it a tech item we place anc beam back to on our ship ? :D"
,Recommended,314230,18979245,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,CaptainSiscold,"Oh...oh...my goodness. I just finished the storyline as far as it goes at the moment, and I'm just sitting here in awe. Forget any other purchases you were going to make, buy this game right now. You will not regret it.For a more in-depth review:Rodina is a retro-style space sim done in an open-world style, meaning that you can fly about an entire actual size solar system with no loading screens. It's a bit thin on features at the moment, but it's still Early Access, and in my experience has been incredibly stable for an Early Access title.Graphics/SFX: 8/10Graphics are kind of retro-styled, but still look quite good, with terrain textures being fairly detailed, ship interiors looking AWESOME, and sound effects being perfect for this type of game. However, the exterior of your ship is somewhat bland (the ship design can apparently be edited in 3D modeling programs, so if you would like, I believe this can be changed), and planet terrain mostly consists of cliffs, hills, and mountains, with no vegetation or anything to make them feel more ""real"". This is perfectly acceptable in an Early Access game imo, but it's worth noting.Soundtrack: 10/10GET THE SOUNDTRACK, TOO. I'm serious. The Rodina OST is one of the most beautiful pieces of work I've ever heard, perfectly meshing with the gameplay. Flying between asteroids? The music is nice and peaceful, capturing the awe of just staring at the beauty of the universe. Moving into combat? The music shifts to adrenaline-inducing battle music. It's a masterpiece equaled in only a handful of other games I've played. My top three game soundtracks are (in no particular order): FTL, Risk of Rain, and Rodina.Gameplay/Story: 9/10Words cannot describe it, because it's so freaking AWESOME. The only reason that it misses out on a perfect score is the fact that it's currently unfinished. The combination of listening to the awesome soundtrack while reading the incredibly emotional dialogue in the encrypted communications...beautiful.Overall: 9/10A beautiful work by a very talented developer, missing out on a perfect score only due to the unfinished nature of the game. This is the only game I've ever bought at list price, and I have zero regrets. The developer seems committed to further progress on the game, and I'm confident in wholeheartedly recommending this game. If you're considering getting it, stop considering and start buying!"
,Recommended,314230,33006096,Posted: 29 June,all,Barber100Dr,"Ooo, a space exploration game, i wonder what i will find!(Spends next 10 hours decorating th einteriors of the ship)"
,Recommended,314230,11574780,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,"This game is vary cool and indepth. I cant wait for it to get more developed! Hats off to the guy making such a ambitious project by yourself, still vary early in game development but my god you can see where the game is going. Love it so far!"
76561198060404553,Recommended,314230,17114785,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kabuki,You know you want to but this game.Don't hesitate.JUST DO IT.
76561198047510901,Recommended,314230,25091682,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,zero donut,It's a better No Man's Sky than No Man's Sky and it's not even finished
76561198212416557,Recommended,314230,25333753,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jerry the mouse,Tbh This game doesn't look like it is a good game but i tried it out cus i saw the good reviews and ive explored 3 planets and im getting the hang of this game and gotta say its the best space and exploration game ive ever played
,Recommended,314230,18721095,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,jerry gourd,"Awe inspiring.I haven't played this game much, only truly about 30 minutes of it, the rest was trying to get it to work on my lower end computer. I just heard about an update that adds in features to make the game run much smoother, and it does. So I played it for real this time.I designed my ship, a small one-man ship with the essentials. Pretty fun. I found some data-sticks. A story, two out of three parts so far. Some private communications between what I assume are two con-men with dark sense of humor. It made me laugh.Earlier I got a message. Telling me I am the last hope of a million lives over on an incoming colony vessel. Yeah, okay. Calling me a young hero! Whatevs.Then I decrypted the message and discovered the reason why I am the last hope of the vessel. Woaaah. I looked out at my holo-screens as a bone-chilling piano melody played and a game has never conveyed such a sense of scale and lonlieness. It was spooky. You have to play this game for yourself. I'm already hooked."
,Recommended,314230,23470204,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rumple,In this game you explore a life size solar system and fight aliens so you can later make robot babies then decide to dump them out of your ship because they're annoying. Game of the year if you ask material if you ask me.
,Recommended,314230,25046484,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,We need this game more than no man's sky right now!
76561198094542575,Recommended,314230,23211377,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ascii Silnian,"This game is amazing. Customisable ship interior, warp drive, aliens, planets, and even pets. But what if you added multiplayer? Multiple people can be on a ship managing the different consoles, epic pvp battles, and that sort of stuff. This game has a ton of multiplayer potential."
,Recommended,314230,17674834,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Radium,"Buy it.Seriously.This is a dedicated game, with an amazing soundtrack, made by some talented person(s).BUY IT NOW!"
76561198155098789,Recommended,314230,25456627,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SnowHusky,"This was an amazing game to play! I enjoyed every bit of the story, was suprised by the plot twist mid-game, and even felt the wind from the feels-train at the end. Can't wait to see what Rodina will look after it leaves early acess! (also the first time I flew the ship I went mach speed right into the ground! xD )"
,Recommended,314230,24959125,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nine Oh Two,"Can't reccomend this enough. I'm running this on a potato intel 4000, runs wonderfully."
76561198082120467,Recommended,314230,23013437,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Onion Rings,"I thoroughly enjoy this game. While I have a few gripes about it, the low price tag and the consisten communication from the devs are huge selling pointsFirst off, let's list some pros:Enormous open worldFantastic scoreShip combat is a challenge at first but is fun once you get the hang of itUnique weapons for the shipAtmosphere entering system is also pretty funArt style fits the game themeFlying the ship (especially in first person) is pretty greatNo loading screensand some cons:World seems empty, I didn't get the impression of a living worldStory is short and repetitive (fetch quests)Not much to do after the story is completeOverall, I like this game. The devs seem to be pushing out updates every so often, and are fairl active compared to the devs of some other indie titles (Starforge, I'm looking at you) so I'm excited to see where the devs go from here. If you can meet the $15 pricetag, this game is worth your time and money. And if you're looking for something to sate you until No Man's Sky, this is your best bet (although they will end up being totally different games in the future)."
,Recommended,314230,22182209,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fadedrobin,Amazing game for creating your own space ships and flying around but however I had problems with framerates any help?
76561198039350957,Recommended,314230,22837007,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,xKiraxAlbionx,"When I first started this game I was super lost, I had no idea what I was doing, but as I explored and as updates came out I started to grasp it more. I love the ability to fly where ever I want, I love the combat, and the ability to customize the inside of my ship. Even though it's early access it's super fun. Can't wait to see what else is released for it."
,Recommended,314230,22751727,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Natural Joe,Best space game EVER!!! and if it ever gets boring just mod the crap out of it.
,Recommended,314230,23494511,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,546534534,This is my review of RodinaPro's-Very vast and big map- HUGE PLANETS- Fun physics- Fun Combat- Very good fps- good story- Ship interior customizationCon's-♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics- Annoying bugs- Boring gameplay sometimesoverall this game is a very fun game if you want a game like nms but not nms buy rodina9/10
76561198015207362,Recommended,314230,33098258,Posted: 1 July,all,Powerslave,"I just recently watched ""Interstellar"" and I was blown away by it, so the next step for me was to find a game that recreated the kind of space exploration in the movie. I found a couple options out there but since I don't have a powerful computer, I decided to download the demo and give this one a try. I absolutely loved the concept, being able to fly your space ship in and out of every planet and asteroid and explore said celestial objects is everything I wished for. There's still a lot of work to do, personally I would love them to add constructions, caves and the like so we can explore, different kinds of planets and animals to populate them (not every planet will support life) , natural phenomenon that varies according to a planet's atmosphere and different kinds of alien enemies to fight with. Another feature that would be awesome to have is multiplayer support. I know I might be asking for to much, but I know for what I've seen so far that they can deliver, I also haven't played that much to know if any of the things that I mentioned are already present in the game so I apologize if they are.This is the game with the best potential that I've seen in a very long time, I'll be on the lookout to every update they release!"
,Recommended,314230,33155605,Posted: 2 July,all,ToTheHopeless,"Bought this so I could have something to casually explore in while listening to my music. Seems I don't need my music because the soundtrack is great!I haven't paid attention to the story so far, I've mostly just explored. It's pretty straightforward, you just fly from waypoint to waypoint around the solar system and find crates, barrels and story fragments.Ship controls took a little bit to get used to because they are very sensitive, but once you get it you'll be alright!Right before I wrote this review I put my ship into lightspeed and then opened the airlock. Once I was floating in space I didn't even have time to watch my ship float away, it was just gone. x]"
76561198306884736,Recommended,314230,31397920,Posted: 27 April,all,mr.kittyman,Rodina is an amasing game. people say its short and its true you wont put hundreds of hours into it but the hours you do put it in will be one of the best hours of your life.
,Recommended,314230,30785541,Posted: 27 March,all,PrettyPrincessGohma <3,"Your ship can make it through atmospheric reentries at mach 10, survive bump after nasty bump from inexperienced pilots trying to land, and live to fly another day after suffering through the combined firepower of an entire ♥♥♥♥ing race of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off xenos.Lord forbid you accidentally shoot the outer hull with your handgun and burn the entire god damned thing to the ground.:L"
,Recommended,314230,12278578,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,poorpul menon,"just bought this gameyesterday, it is amazing despite a few annoying bugs definitely worth the money"
76561198105651495,Recommended,314230,12294234,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,CaptainQuiche,"Fun game, one thing though, the devs NEED to make space travlel faster, like create a hyperdrive system of sorts, it takes WAAY to oong to go places."
76561198203181772,Recommended,314230,25192669,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NigelThornberry,"Excellent. I'd recommend this over No Man's Sky, in it's current state at least. Fun exploration, engaging combat and well written stories in the form of Datasticks and encrypted comms. A must buy for fans of space games or even space in general."
,Recommended,314230,23513773,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The meme guy,Would ftl into a astroid when fighting some dudes again
,Recommended,314230,25262984,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,basementdigital,-No awards-No hype-$45 less than No Man's-More fun
76561198145470076,Recommended,314230,33884471,Posted: 29 July,all,QuincyBoo,Wait for it to go on saleSoundtrack gets a bit old after a while and i wish it was more in depth in combat
76561198161946503,Recommended,314230,33983326,Posted: 2 August,all,polarbears77,"this game is relaxing. the lack of graphics are fine, the idea and concept of the game is enough.  id buy it again."
76561198158408155,Recommended,314230,23040699,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,cacky,"This is a very fun game, but what would be good is if we had multi player and the planets have more too them"
,Recommended,314230,25091028,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Wolfii,"With the flop of No Man's Sky, I'll be happy knowing this game is the one to fall back on."
,Recommended,314230,25293508,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Numberwang,"Great game way better than no mans sky freat combat and story, but please keep adding plants, animals/aliens and settlements!"
,Recommended,314230,25280782,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,do not touch borf,"way better than nu-male's lie, and doesn't cost $60 for what it is, the price matches the content."
,Recommended,314230,24962452,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wondermonkeydan,You can actually crash your ship
76561198152959067,Recommended,314230,30128680,Posted: 23 February,all,ROBO.osc,best 12 hours ive ever spentit has a deep and emotional story with fun action packed dogfights scattered within  and dont even get me started on the sheer scale of the game and its surprising twisti cant wait for more story to be added inall in all one of the best games i ever played
,Recommended,314230,12627331,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Kirby,This game is amazing and I can't wait for all the future content they plan to release.
76561198030728512,Recommended,314230,12155625,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Nuclear Rainbow,This is defenately one of THE MOST amazing games i have ever come across INSANELY huge 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10
,Recommended,314230,12197387,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dark Autismo,"Reviewed in Early Access as of September 23rd, 2014.Like many others have stated in their reviews, I have always wanted to play a game where I could fly around in space and then find a planet that originally wasn't even visible to the naked eye, and actually land on that planet and walk around on it without a single loading screen. True immersion. A true universe. A few games have tried this, a few have even pulled it off on the technical side, but those games (*cough* X Rebirth *cough*) have never delivered on the actual game side of things.Rodina does a lot of things right, and only seems to lack in areas that are understandable considering the entire staff behind the game is one person. The game, even at its very early access stage feels nearly complete. The ship feels functional and every individual component doesn't just feel like a prop, they feel like they are there for a reason, because most of the time they are. Flight feels fairly realistic and very intutive. Atmospheric reentry is as challenging as it should be, and combat is challenging on a whole new level. To be able to escape from a firefight by going into Limnal (warp) drive and flying hundreds of AU away in seconds feels amazing and freeing, and the game really gives you an appreciation for the sheer scale that it offers. Even from the very moment I pressed the play button, I was already blown away. Rodina makes no effort to slowly introduce you to the universe you're put in. You simply are. And that is how it should be. Rodina makes no effort to tell you where you should be going and what you should be collecting. You simply do. And that is how it should be. Rodina simply allows the player to play, only guiding the player's progression through an entirely optional series of backstories all unravelling at the same time, and all very well written.Rodina offers so much content in such an infentile stage, from custom ship designs to an intricate background story to ship upgrades to an entire asteroid belt comprised of hundreds of bodies to land on and explore, you will not find yourself bored any time soon. There is always more to discover and do, and even while the planets are currently baren bodies populated with nothing but enemies and loot, the universe feels populated, and just as the empty void of space has you feeling truly alone, you'll encounter something that has you feeling otherwise.Do yourself a favor and download the demo. Because of the games completely dynamic nature, there is no scripted cutoff point in the demo, simply play and experience as much as you can for an hour, and if you enjoy what you've experienced, buy the game. It was well worth full price for me."
,Recommended,314230,12370967,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,blogsg1,"ok so i buy pretty much every space sim i see. From what i saw it looked like it could be fun once it was finished that was that was august. so i was bored thought i would give it a quick 10 minutes before going to sleep. well 2 hours later i realised it was 5am. there is not much in terms of content but i spent two hours just flying about enjoying terrain the planets and asteroid as well as landing and just going for a walk. walking around my ship looking at the different rooms. planet entry was very entertaining as i nearly ended up being a ball of flames one to many times. This very early alpha game is already one of the most enjoyable space sims out there and there is almost nothing in it in terms of features. It's just awesome to go where ever you like.This was my 2 hours:i found what was to be my space ship on a desert planet, maybe a asteroid i wasn't quite sure. i entered the airlock wandered round my newly discovered ship. Apon wandering round ,i finally discovered the bridge and the pilots seat jumped in took off. i never looked back. i blew up an attacking enemy ship by a asteroid, discovered a planet. i landed on the planet after nearly turned into a ball of flames apon atmosphere entry, went for a walk discovered someones carelessly hidden missles stole them, went and shot those missles at some more enemy ships, laughing like a crazy person as they blew up into a ball of flames and then discovered a purple planet :-)"
,Recommended,314230,14912654,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Jack Meyhoff,"You cannot find a bigger and better open world, or should i say open universe explorer :)"
76561198024957609,Recommended,314230,15247262,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,mdk504,"great game so far. the world is beautiful. flight mechanics are smooth and feel great. best score ive heard in a long, long time. if you purchase this game just for the amazing soundtrack, you will not be let down. its amazing. very amazing. did i say amazing? it goes great with other space games as well."
,Recommended,314230,15724696,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MIDIManNI,Only started but all I can say is WOW!!!A great planetary / space exploration game with massive potential. I reckon this is going to be a hit when finished!
,Recommended,314230,15862995,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,sumotsunami,"This game is really good. The story writing is really fantastic. In fact, most games leave me with no desire to read to emails/journals/notes from side characters but this one is done in such a way that I am truly compelled to search out further reading. What it does so far feels great. A lot of it is freaking tricky but that's rewarding. There is so much potential in this game. I'm hoping for lots more."
,Recommended,314230,16041025,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Locksmith614,"This is the best concept in a game I have seen in... a very long time! I have been gaming since the dark ages and THIS is the kind of thing I have been waiting for! A seamless space sim that is both grand in scale AND not overly complicated. Yes, the game has a couple glitches and it needs more content but - it is a early release! The dev is working on adding stuff, and with a game like this, I think it is well worth the wait!The more people that buy the game the more he can get done.. So please, if you don't do anything else, PLEASE BUY THIS game, even if it is not ""you're thing"", to support the concept!PROS:Beautiful space / size / speed simulationHigh ImmersionDedicated developer / UpdatesCHEAP! $15 for days of entertainment.Physics works! (And quite well for what it is) YAY!!CONS:Not a lot to do in late game (early release)"
76561198062452722,Recommended,314230,27531128,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Phigon,This is one of the best space games I've ever played.
76561198108206507,Recommended,314230,32374064,Posted: 12 June,all,Bird Person,"I bought this game a long time ago, and when i played it i wasnt that impressed. But recently i tried it again and way blown away at how far it had come. The story is interesting, gameplay is fun, And it also has the best soundtrack of any game ive ever played. from what ive heard its just one guy doing this, which is even more impressive. i will say that this is not a finished game, but i cant wait untill it is finished."
76561198090372456,Recommended,314230,15240277,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MachuPixu,"This game is one of the most incredible experiences I have had in a long time. If you think you might like this game, get this game."
76561198042577484,Recommended,314230,15284909,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,AgeofFreeman,"Although I haven't played a lot of hours, this game absolutely blew me away. I bought it by complete accident, thought my buddy reccomended it. Looked at reviews and figured ""eh, why not?"". This game has so much potential (it is in Early Access) but this doesn't hurt the game at all. The scale is incredibly vast to handle, and combat is very intense. Controls are pretty easy to grasp, but take time to figure out. For example: Slowing down aproaching planets.TL;DRif ya like space and stuff, get this game69/10"
76561198073106265,Recommended,314230,18036560,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Maximillion Knightly,"Despite it only being in Alpha, this is by far the best space exploration game that has existed up until this point in time. I won't say it is the best space game full stop, but it is the best at the exploration part. If you are the type of person who likes to float gently through thousands (literally) of asteroids or the type of person who likes exiting space battles and planet entries, or the type of person who likes wandering sheets of (randomly generated) ice or rock for eternity, this is the game for you. All the planets are to scale, meaning it would literally take you a year to go around one on foot, if not far more time. It has a compelling plot, countless amounts of writing pieces (I couldn't read though them all if I had a year). Rodina has an amazing dynamic sound track that changes with your enviroment. Not to mention the very receptive dev of the game (raptormeat) who listens to any and all suggestions and implements them at a reasonable pace.  I fell in love wih this game the moment I played it, and I don't even particularly like space games. Certainly worth buying, weather you like space games or not, you will find something to like in this game."
76561198145032751,Recommended,314230,24376936,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,glitchmyface,"If this is just early access, I see a LOT of pottential for what's going to happen later in the game. No spoilers! If you want to see what's in the game to come, copy this webpage thingy-https://elliptic-games.com/?page_id=738"
76561198089359674,Recommended,314230,28620036,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,One Man's Lie,"This game has great soundtrack, story, and gameplay, and the only way they could have done it is with magic, so we must find the witch who made this game and burn them at the stake.10/10 bleach approved."
76561198079238290,Recommended,314230,29861804,Posted: 11 February,all,Lowlymonkeyman,Remeber nothing better thank opening the air lock to put out a fire and then getting suck out of the air lock and into space.
76561198079848732,Recommended,314230,32115617,Posted: 1 June,all,McBubba,"I love the game, super fun!!!just a little glitchy here and there (jetpack not stopping doors not opening, etc) but so far really great game"
76561198124620758,Recommended,314230,27674297,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,deadorbit,11/10 best indie space game ive ever played
,Recommended,314230,34722730,Posted: 3 September,all,SidTheSadBe∆n,I don't like this game because space is big and empty like the endless void in my heart.
,Recommended,314230,23560594,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,cdog2700,You ♥♥♥♥ around in space. What else could you ask for?
76561198171058673,Recommended,314230,26108797,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SortaSATSubmariner,10/10 would fly screaming into the sun again.
76561198019370936,Recommended,314230,12498566,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,pan párek,pew pew
76561197989724251,Recommended,314230,24948207,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,MeatHammer,It's kind of like No Man's Sky on a budget. What it lacks in goofy animals it makes up for by actually being fun to play.
76561198008933883,Recommended,314230,15647497,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Imperial Inquisition,Hi! Recently I had the chance to purchase this game and I don't have a lot of time logged (because of work and other things) but I am already in love with it and have made a rather stuttery video of the game (my recording software is on the fritz) but the vid can be found here:https://youtu.be/i_hMIzn22qIIn my opinion this game has as much if not more potential than Minecraft and is a must buy!
,Recommended,314230,24847040,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Master Of Disaster,Budget No Man's Sky.
,Recommended,314230,23301979,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Wowmod,GET THIS NOW GET IT NOWWWWWWW or wait untill its released. BUT THEN GET IT GET IT THENNNNNNN
76561198063342020,Recommended,314230,26323975,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Jawzilla1,super good
76561198259029993,Recommended,314230,25941808,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mustache,BEST GAME EVERi only have 4 hours and i lovet [very rare on me]I like the fact about robots ther names are:Mr jeff Mr BoB Mrs mendy Mr Muhammed
76561198048520767,Recommended,314230,18722086,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Joe 2.1.3,"YOU MADE ME CARE ABOUT HAL GRUMPKINS.Space/10, would eject myself into open space again."
,Recommended,314230,32665602,Posted: 22 June,all,TheLitigator,"Ever wondered what it would be like if No Man's Sky was good?  Well this game answers that question!  I admit that it has some work to be done in terms of diversifying core gameplay, but this kind of polish from an early access game made by ONE FRIEKING GUY is truly astounding.  This game is a work of art plain and simple.  It's soundtrack is glorious,  it's scenery is breathtaking,  I thought the combat was fun (though it could use some spicing up), but most important in my opinion is the sheer potential that this game displays.  Given time to be fully released, and after it has been thrown to the big-time modders for a bit and this could go to my top ten EASY!"
,Recommended,314230,19641033,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,$krub r3ker,5 stars 5 stars 60 stars if you could and if steam had stars this game desivers that every youtuber in the world makes a hour long review this game has a exseptional story music world entertaiment and custamisation it took me three days to complete this game it took me less than a day to complete halo reach a game that is not indie had a partner ship with microsoft and is not alpha plus rodina is still being worked on so when its done it will probley take a mounth to complete not kidding this exstorternary game should be in the genis book of world recrods no mans sky will be wrose than this game still awesome just not as good if i cloud i whuld clicker the reccomend button like its the cookie from cookie click get it now or never play a game that is more than exstordinarey
76561198062622366,Recommended,314230,21784213,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,end my fucking life please,this game is a playable work of art
,Recommended,314230,34225698,Posted: 13 August,all,Hallowyeen,Bought this game on both my steam accounts so I can enjoy it from ANYWHERE.GREAT GAME.GREAT DEV.GREAT PRICE.Better than most other space games.
,Recommended,314230,24955022,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,(sharp),Definitely very good. Gonna sit on it until you can board and plunder ships. Given that's still a thing.
,Recommended,314230,24644231,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,King Ranch Sjeinak,"This game is fun, glitchy, huge, can be laggy, creative, and has the most potential out of all the Steam games out there! Don't get me wrong, it IS fun. But it has some things missing that really would be neccesary. Like space suits instead of just automatically having an oxygen tank on. This would add a responsibility feature to it where if you don't have the suit or tank on you die almost intstantly in space. I would also like to suggest a rover or a vehicle garage entity you can put on your ship and drive around planets."
,Recommended,314230,24546317,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,5a616368617279,"It's fantastic. If you like exploration, get it. If you like space battles, get it. If you like games at all, get it."
76561198046740365,Recommended,314230,24795684,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Druiden,"Fun game. LOVE FLYING around from planet to asteroids and collecting info. Overall needs more content, but it is early access so looking forward to future updates. Looking forward for it to potientially be a MMO and have Npc's/ societies and governments. Glad i bought it now !"
,Recommended,314230,23011294,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ThotDestroyer,good game but needs mac support so i can play with my new computor
76561198002352621,Recommended,314230,19406638,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Horsefly,First game I've reviewed on Steam. The least I can do is give this a thumbs up.
,Recommended,314230,20769641,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,cal2022,Please add multiplayer
,Recommended,314230,15582260,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Based_Dookie,"This game is amazing so far, it did not take me long in trying the demo before I bought the full version. I can't wait to see what directions this game will go!"
76561198171109185,Recommended,314230,33086854,Posted: 1 July,all,Omni,"When I first bought rodina, I was blown away by the scale and how fun it was, now I have seen how the updates just get better and better, and that the modding community is fantastic, this is 100% one of my favorite space exploration games.I would recommend this game anytime!"
76561198120674623,Recommended,314230,15584685,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,hary fet,"massive potential, this game could be make into something massive if done correctly"
76561198046489625,Recommended,314230,26697206,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Aliado,"I dont write many reviews, but for games like these, I just have to give it a positive feedback, as for the developer, please keep working on this game, its absolutely all I want in a game.(it would be a million times better if randomly procedurated planets were a feature)"
76561198061653354,Recommended,314230,28197078,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lord Rektington,Never before has a game been able to make me feel so much for characters that I have never even seen. Also it's better than No Man's Sky if you hgaven't picked that up from other reviews. es gud gaem.
,Recommended,314230,13909884,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sabre651,I try and do a playthrough on this game and end up dying so many times. watch the vid here if you're interested. :phttp://youtu.be/pAJCXBAOwgo
,Recommended,314230,15606939,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MINIMUM UNDERDRIVE,Rodina is an excellent game to get lost in. It features a truly immersive enviroment full of places to explore and enemies to best. The full scale solar system is truly revolutionary in terms of size. There's nothing quite like shifting into ftl and zipping from one planet to the next. A truly good game and one that I recomend highly.
76561198016530850,Recommended,314230,14201415,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Son of Mars,"Bought the game, 5 Hours later... well the time don't lie"
,Recommended,314230,24847776,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AdrianLab,"I love this game, have not played it a lot but been following it's progress and has been evolving and getting more interesting features, I just enjoy to fire a joint and drift into space... it's like an ""indier"" version of NMS :)"
76561198069804124,Recommended,314230,29135166,Posted: 8 January,all,Commander Jameson,"This game is downright amazing and shows that this dev is awesome. the game has awesome music, great combat, awsome customization. I've been playing space sims for a long time and this stands out of them all because of the story, the seamless everything lol, and a story that you have to discover yourself, not just given to you because you did something good, you have to apply yourself to everything, which makes the game that much more emmersive. So I undoubtly recommend this to any and everyone. Great job man keep it up, and thanks for this great exprience that I continue to enjoy."
,Recommended,314230,19911709,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RomkaRuss,"Игруха классная. Было бы круто, если бы можно было строить свои базы на планетах.... Отсюда множества идей для развития сценария для игры в будущем."
76561197985586617,Recommended,314230,22090291,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MadBalls,"Still haven´t played this game much but this is an interesting game, I advise that you try the demo first and decide if this is the game for you.It´s a fun exploration game, have been in a couple of fights and discovered some planets. Something keeps me going, in my opinion this is a fun game, not much content (kinda feels empty) but still haven´t played much.Easy controls, easy to pick up, haha ugly ships  kinda ugly graphics but in a nice kinda way.------------------FIRST TRY THE DEMO, and see if this is your kinda game -------------------"
76561198143087489,Recommended,314230,14571168,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cynic,The eintire thing I found to be quite interesting one concept that's for sure. I've only spent five hours on it and I got bored (mostly because of how my computer isn't strong enough to fly to asteroids uninterupted...So it lags). However I could tell this is a great game. You need a beefy machine to run it w/o lag tho. I mean I played it on a laptop w/ 4 GB of RAM. and 3 Intel Processors.Other than that.. I'll say it's the second best exploration game I've played directly behind Sunless Sea
,Recommended,314230,14554329,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Toru,"HUGE. Cruise and visit planets to watch the sunrise, I'm an inter-galactic-romantic."
,Recommended,314230,17064619,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"Review Date: 15th July 2014Great game, lots of fun.Could do with some more planets or additional things to do on said planets."
76561198203388383,Recommended,314230,24346135,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dingus,"fun game, havent played it a bunch... but if you wanna feel the how big space is, give it a try and enjoy this (little) game;)"
,Recommended,314230,17181933,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Aphexlog,"WOWOWOWOWOW!.........Only 1 con to this game, and that is the fact that there is not much to do aside from space travel... but i asume that will come late via regulatory updates.This game is like claustrophobic horrific nightmare ... in a good wayyou will feel so alone (because you are), with only the eerie ambient space music to kleep you company.this game feels like I am stuck is the movie ""Moon"" (great move)"
76561198146261067,Recommended,314230,24717243,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jerry & Garry Incorporated,"This is an amazing game. Even though it is nowhere near completed, there is plenty of stuff to do. There are so many places to visit, explore, and loot. If you're into space battles there are plenty of those as well. It even lets you customize the inside of your ship. I am interested to see what is added to the game in future updates, but for now it's really good with a few bugs and other things here and there."
76561198138474406,Recommended,314230,15451604,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,parkourislife,luv this game10/10
76561197970465924,Recommended,314230,25845477,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Core2029,"I cannot recommend this game at this time.   There's just too little content and one ""sleep deprived, 10 year veteran"" as the sole developer does not bode well for a complete game in the next 5 years.*** RECOMMENDATION CHANGED DUE TO DEVELOPER FEEDBACK  - SEE COMMENTS ***While I can't recommend it, I applaud Raptor's community involvement and don't want to add to negative ratings that may prevent someone from investing in his efforts."
76561198101820440,Recommended,314230,33348459,Posted: 7 July,all,BravenWolf,Awesome Game and Soundtrack although I wish the story was finished.
,Recommended,314230,21627817,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Red,"Pretty good game already, great to be able to just wander in a solar system which doesn't feel about 6ft across.  Already worth the £11 they are asking to me, just don't expect to much gameplay yet. I like to do role-play in my head, probably what makes it good to me."
76561198123946785,Recommended,314230,17530571,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Troy,"I made my own spaceship. It had everthing I could think to put in it (a really cool looking and over-designed bridge), so I decided it was time to go fight some alien with it. I put at least one fire extinguisher in every room, so I thought I could handle a fire okay. Nope! My ship caught fire and by the time I finished fighting the aliens I had to resort to ejecting all of my oxygen to starve the fire. Well I got sucked out into space, which is one of the scariest things that could happen to any astronaut. I waited just outside the airlock until all the air was gone and I could enter safely. I closed the airlock and all was well.But by that time I was attacked and killed8/10 because the editor has a few bugs, but it is a good game."
76561198047214595,Recommended,314230,17418806,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MLG CamelToe,fun game but gets boring.... BUT! its an early acces so we will get new content soon. Its a good investment
76561197986540316,Recommended,314230,25415895,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cizalladura,I think the idea of the game is great and the navigation system for the ship is really original and fun. It is awesome that you can walk around the ship while flying or travelling through space. I really miss more things to do in order to add more action and some other to improve the simulation experience. A very good idea but it needs more development.
,Recommended,314230,25418950,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gardian20,"An endearing tribute to classic science fiction created by a single developer, with an engrossing story nostalgic of classic Asimov and entertainingly difficult combat to boot.  A must by for any sci-fi enthusiests out there!"
,Recommended,314230,19678986,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,KnowledgeMan,"It's like No Man's Sky, but in very few ways No Man's Sky."
76561198130853352,Recommended,314230,32558436,Posted: 18 June,all,Jake The Gamer 2022,Tons of fun to mess around and explore in. Can't wait for future updates
,Recommended,314230,22486734,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,|Dr. Shandieman|,Shrilling game if  your PC can handle it...
,Recommended,314230,22360182,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lil Ass Boi,This game is pure magic. The developer is great. Get it.
76561198026887977,Recommended,314230,22119456,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,SledgeFox,"This is a wonderful game with great music! I am looking forward to what improvements will come, I strongly recommend this game! Buy it and support it!"
76561198084713644,Recommended,314230,22397481,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Is this the Krusty Krab?,"Space, the final frontier...Whoops, wrong game; ah so what, it works anyway."
76561198020623076,Recommended,314230,22717330,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Titanic Prometheus,"10/10 Would misjudge thrust and eat it into the side of a mountain at 4,000km/sec again."
,Recommended,314230,17714035,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RELAX-O-VISION,"If you really can't wait for no man's sky to come out, get this game."
76561198177893459,Recommended,314230,30268686,Posted: 1 March,all,meep,looks like they made this much much better than when i bought it
76561198079799440,Recommended,314230,29106971,Posted: 7 January,all,Spacecore-2020,"This game is abosuletly amazing! From the music, to the story and the gameplay. It's all perfect, and its not even finished yet. You could spend a few hours to your entire lifetime playing this game and you would probably enjoy everybit of it. I know I did. I could write more, but the point is that you should just play it."
,Recommended,314230,15426077,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Basterisk,I didn't even need a lengthy game session to realise that Rodina is definitley a gem.
76561198074812617,Recommended,314230,30435175,Posted: 10 March,all,WuYiXiang,"Absolutely worth $15, but don't take my word for it. Try out the demo (90 minutes of play) before committing. The dev definitely has earned my trust with how active he is with the community."
76561198119565989,Recommended,314230,15369538,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,hatchman88,Rodina is a very well done space game.
76561198065602785,Recommended,314230,25007591,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Antorius,"TLDR: Rodina is a decent game that is worth picking up especially if, after trying the demo, you want to support ongoing development. However, too much emphasis is placed on the ship interior editor. 6.5/10Pros:Truly seamless travel through a large solar systemSomewhat realistic flight physicsIn-game sandbox in the form of ship interior customization, if that's your thingEvocative, haunting soundtrackWell written story, in the form of decrypted messages and miscellaneous contextTwo story-less modes, i.e., with and without enemy ships. Moar sandbox!Cons:Planets are all barren wastelandsCombat mechanics are too simple, and yet combat is very difficult and rather unsatisfying in any caseRepetitive story mode gameplay: descend to planet, acquire relevant data, repeatThis game is clearly a love letter from the lone developer to space exploration afficionados. The developer remains active and committed to furthering the game, and is transparent about what's in the pipe. So, though it may lack in content and gameplay at the time of this review, it will only get better."
,Recommended,314230,18545968,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,QRP,6.80
76561198254307525,Recommended,314230,22149872,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Aperson54,"Good game, it is basically what happens if the player is lonely with 4 planets to explore and a spaceship. When you start building your ship's interior you start to come up with new ideas for rooms, like once I made a prison cell using the engine room tileset and a hospital using the bathroom tileset. Overall a good game but it could include more creative tilesets and more furniture and maybe more planets but still a good game!"
,Recommended,314230,24884804,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,HIC0M,The developer is active and actually answering people in the discussions! Good job! Great game!
76561198043650023,Recommended,314230,27731454,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SanityChip,An absolutely fantastic open world space game. With continual improvements I hope this game will continue to advance and make something fantastic.
76561198159500317,Recommended,314230,27819654,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tuneuhh,I chose the Beta update. now I get error messages every 15-20 minutes. I'm not sure if it's my laptop or the game.Other then that it is a blast to play and the combat is solid.
76561198038318652,Recommended,314230,27341047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SugaPine,This game is an amzing purchase. This game has nearly everything that one may ask for; the updates to the game continue to improve and make this game so much more enjoyable.
76561198083733710,Recommended,314230,27778110,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gavinough,"This truly is a wonderful game.  It still has a long way to go, but after seeing how active the Dev is among the fanbase and the amount of progress he has made I believe this game can survive the early access stage that so many games die in.  I have a lot of faith in this game and as long as the dev keeps up the good work I can see this game budding into it's full potential."
,Recommended,314230,20158303,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Endarkened Illuminatus,"So far, so good...I honestly am very excited to see how this game develops.  I'm guessing the graphics exist in a sort of ""placeholder"" state for future updates.  It was pretty fun, not a lot to do, but a LOT to explore.This is gonna be so worth it!"
,Recommended,314230,25718700,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Grand Canyon,"Sold my CS:GO skins to buy this game10/10 worth every caseThis game is still in early development, and may not have a ton of gameplay time, but the ship combat is great. The future looks promising. The dev for this game is active with the community, and will often interact with the Rodina community.10/10 one of the best indie devs out there"
,Recommended,314230,30319040,Posted: 4 March,all,Kymacbug100,"this game thobuy now and wait a few years until its fully fleshed out i love the game but... it kinda gets repetative.but worth the 17$ i have 54 hours playtime trust me i love this game, so buy now and wait its gonna be a gem and not flop like no mans sky!"
76561198060604847,Recommended,314230,24468827,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Say my name...,"I was expecting something more, peaceful game though. But waiting on No Mans Sky atm :)"
76561198125210915,Recommended,314230,19685545,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Iceyhurtz,"Amazing, work of art!."
76561198194502730,Recommended,314230,25702768,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,granddeathlordpeter,This is what No Man's Sky wanted to be. Top 10 games easy.
,Recommended,314230,24812575,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Confused Rock,What no man's sky shouldve been
,Recommended,314230,29005304,Posted: 4 January,all,KlýxMašter®,"FIRST IMPRESSION:Lets face it - Not much to say -  its boring. While some of the mechanics are great and inovated (3speed space ship woot!), the rest is bland. Endless sky would be a better replacement, as it is pretty close. Even NMS is much better (not finished, but has a ton to do in its present state). Music is very nice, but can be repetitive, and feels more like a juke-box as different music pops up at random times.""...space exploration game which allows players to seamlessly travel across an entire full-scale, alien-infested solar system. ""This is true, but every place is the same barren desert looking surface, with a few aliens to take a pot-shot at. It feels like a slo-mo Galaga.The 4yr game design is meh at best -With Brendan Anthony, it not like he is inexperienced - but seriously - this is what you learned from Bethesda? Many would agree to wait and buy something else until this is more polished. Which means, do not purchase.It would appear that the foundation of steam is starting to rumble at the complaints of unfinished games. Most games have have mixed or worse reviews, coincidently - are ""early access"" - UNCOMPLETED games. If devs want testers for ""early access"" make it free, as there is no garuntee they will finish - so is the case with Rodina - first release in 2013 (safe to say its inception was 2011-2012), so now almost 4yrs later still unfinished. This could be all you get boys!But yes, if you can find the game under $10 get it. It is definately worth it (in its present state). However, until it is done, refrain from spending more."
76561198338598704,Recommended,314230,32064925,Posted: 30 May,all,DIEBYSCIENCE,I love this game.....I'm adicted to this game.....I recomend this game BIG TIME!Where do i start.... How about play the 90 min demo to see for yourself.....Just have the monny ready! YOU WILL WANT THIS GAME!
76561198045772995,Recommended,314230,18832824,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Soopy,"I've never written a review for steam before, and I usually never read them either so I will keep this short.This game, and its developer, deserve all the success and more that the likes of Notch and Minecraft has seen. It is truely something specacular and an absolute credit to its creator. It's simple, quick to pick up but absolutely mind bogglingly fantastic to play."
,Recommended,314230,28807439,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sibylline,Get lost in space and ♥♥♥♥ing smash into an asteroid at relativistic speeds simulator.10/10
,Recommended,314230,32029761,Posted: 28 May,all,xman03 / Trading,This game is insanely amazing. There are so many astroids and planets to explore!
,Not Recommended,314230,25989250,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,strelokcyka,"To straszna gra wczesnego dostępu. Do miesięcy dodawano zaledwie kilku ważnych funkcji. Bez końca.Dla zalet, jest dobre poczucie skali, ale w końcu nic nie wypełnia tej rozległości."
,Recommended,314230,14841394,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Spiral Flow,This is the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,314230,15859552,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DynamiteReptile,"this is a good game for the avalable content but the game is not worth the 15 dollar it is more of a five dollar game, dev I'm talking to you. the game should be 15 once it gets more content for it or at least have a "" planned content list for the game to give people an insentive to buy the game"
76561198158488402,Recommended,314230,24206970,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Thanatos Morti,Thank You
,Recommended,314230,17543522,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Grinkles,Fantastic in every way.
76561198318174843,Recommended,314230,31143608,Posted: 14 April,all,Duck Q. Duckerson,"I've seen gameplay of this game, and I love it, but I still wish they could fix it for Intel graphics cards D="
,Recommended,314230,25465527,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,henstargamer,"A great game with a great story. The music isn't that good, and it takes hours to get anywhere (maybe I am missing something). Well worth it for ten pounds :)."
,Recommended,314230,21771295,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lambientan,"At first... you might say, ""This is so boring!"" but keep reading. What made me keep playing was the reading."
76561198008053162,Recommended,314230,17636137,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Maxattax,fire
,Recommended,314230,11976102,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Steady Ed',This game has been on steam for 2 weeks.It still tricked me into thinking i was the last hopeDAMINTGet this damn game
,Recommended,314230,15041859,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Carl Sagan,"If you wish to find, permanent joy, you must first, purchase rodina"
,Recommended,314230,24857785,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Why_Not?,"Rodina is justfully my first experience with the space exploration genera, and I must say it left me in awe.With a solar system to explore, with near 1:1 scale planets and hundreds if not thousands of asteriods to venture, that is an achievment of It's own. Many planets are barren likewise asteriods, but it will not stop the emersion and pure euphoria to run down your thoughts, knowing you could explore the whole of it. As for gameplay it must truthfully be the low of the game as it revolves around gathering upgrades and fighting a Xeno race (granted space combat is nothing fun either, barebones to say the least) the story bases is quite appealing as you could find archives and transmissions on backstory of your own race/peoples.However the game is still on active development at the time of this review, I expect more fleshed gameplay and storyline.But no matter as an entire solar system is at the disposal of being explored, truly an experiance all gamers should endever.8/10"
,Recommended,314230,17402976,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,◄FiNiTe►,"Rodina, a large, story-based exploration game.At first glance, this is your everyday, crappy space shooter, but, here, I had fun just going around the system, landing on planets, putting out fires in my ship, scavanging for ammunition, just flying around is fun, but planets add so much more of it, first time I saw a planet, I definetely did not want to go down there! There were soooo many enemies, but quickly I learnt that I don't have to clear the whole planet just to land there, and kept on scavanging.Oh, I didn't mention the story yet, did I? Let me tell you m9, it's gr8, as you *slight spoiler alert*<spoiler> slowly realisise what you are. </spoiler>TL;DR:Gud gaem wit gud story, fun to fly around, scavange and rek nubs."
76561198127445677,Recommended,314230,29566164,Posted: 29 January,all,die,its no mans sky except it never lied about whats gonna be in it. its great.
,Recommended,314230,29652031,Posted: 2 February,all,ganessus,"I super loved this game from the start. The best way to describe it is: imagine no mans sky, now make it good. That is this game. aslo.... they've added gravbikes sooooooooo, you should defenitly buy this game now"
,Recommended,314230,25456808,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ricky Rudges,no man's sky but better
,Recommended,314230,25019558,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ceeney,Better than NO Mans Sky
76561198250134792,Recommended,314230,25474365,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The Arstotzkan Eagle,Love this!!!
76561198110377163,Recommended,314230,25003874,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BERNARD SANDALS,No Mans Sky without all the crap
76561198220067511,Recommended,314230,34536724,Posted: 27 August,all,fite me m8,"very good, this game  can beat No man's Sky anytime"
,Recommended,314230,22632868,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,"graphics are crude but....man, I really love this gamePick it up...especially if you into interior design"
76561198146741575,Recommended,314230,24598987,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,razer728,when are the new updates comming
76561198133147866,Recommended,314230,24178183,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,yep
76561198121247574,Recommended,314230,21223190,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,⎛⎝Potatokiller141⎠⎞,Get in my spaceshipTake offGo exploringland on a planetload up my computerplay rodina-30 Farts/10 Michael bays would make a funny comment again
,Recommended,314230,16921801,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,gha,<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3... and so on
,Recommended,314230,19086678,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,K'hum Dhan,Parallel Parking on a mountain in space/10
,Not Recommended,314230,17320417,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,A Gay Cat,"First space exploration that isn't total dog-garbage. Flying to planets, entering, fighting, it's all pretty cool, but my biggest complaint is there is jack♥♥♥♥♥♥to do otherwise. Combat is pretty simple and repetetive, the planets are identical except for what ship parts you need to go there, and once you find a beacon all it does is throw irrelevant dialogue in your face with no purpose. The plot is so thin it's almost non-existent. The game is very bad at telling you what happened and where to go, which is fine in games like Dark Souls where there is actual stuff to explore, but there isn't anything to find in Rodina except for more dialogue, maybe 1% of it is actually useful and the rest being essentially newspaper clippings from cooking magazines or something.Great potential but for right now there is nothing to do. Planets are huge but offer nothing interesting."
76561198170616151,Recommended,314230,20461608,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PrayFor_____,"The scope and vastness of the game is awe inspiring.The epic space battles are AAAAAAAAAAAA inspiring.The baby robots at the end of the game are awwww inspiring.The noise the baby robots make are SHUT THE ♥♥♥♥ UP inspiring.The awesome future if this game is awww yea inspiring.And the current pricetag is aw ♥♥♥♥ YEAH inspiring.In general, it's aw[e] inspring."
,Recommended,314230,25019684,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Meme Jihadi,the better version of no man's sky
,Recommended,314230,31686619,Posted: 11 May,all,HexagonalGlue,GOOD
76561198056462979,Not Recommended,314230,17821135,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SaucyKnave,"The game has a ton of potential, but I think the developer bit off more than he can chew.The combat and gameplay are fun and have a unique feel. The customization features are also a nice touch. However, the game still feels like a canvas rather than anything close to a finished product. I felt that I had exhausted most of the game's features after only a few hours of play. Months later, after first purchasing the game, little has changed.I only regret buying it now because it seems that at the current pace of development it will take several years for this game to reach its potential. By that time, I'll have moved on to other things."
,Recommended,314230,24978855,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DrDino's Fat Cock,"Its really good, the game has more of a purpose than No Man's Sky."
76561198021710409,Recommended,314230,28122561,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Oroki,Awesome Developer.
,Recommended,314230,26610788,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mac,yea it's good
,Recommended,314230,18205364,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,߷߷߷Tetragrade߷߷߷,ayy
76561198193645577,Recommended,314230,33767645,Posted: 24 July,all,Argotrapper,"Don't waste your time on No Man's Sky play this instead, the dev actualy cares about this game"
,Not Recommended,314230,17300702,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AlexA1591,"it's okay, nothing to go crazy about. pretty dull once you've got access to the planets, which are lifeless empty wastelands. best to wait until more is added, and nt spend ten quid like me on a far from ready to be played game"
76561198079008866,Recommended,314230,28776538,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pokeboyska,a decent game. like no-mans-sky but less to do
,Not Recommended,314230,21936749,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,コーヒー,"Lots of potential, but right now, it's just... bad. C+-At-Best graphics, decent camerawork, difficult driving and navigation, and horrible combat. Also, no customizable ships (except the inside, which is useless) and the loot on pretty much every asteroid is basically completely useless. The plotline just doesn't drag you in at all. I want to play it and like it, but I can't. With games like No Man's Sky and Interstellar Rift, this game has to shape up fast, or it'll completely suck."
76561198128553580,Recommended,314230,29894835,Posted: 13 February,all,The Toasted Toaster,BETTER than no mans sky.nuff said
76561198066577064,Not Recommended,314230,22491344,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,UnsayingSpy06,"i saw this game on the market and it looked like a fun open world exploration game but all it has is simple fighting, flying and landing physics waste of 16.99"
76561198224801744,Not Recommended,314230,23778318,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Captainriptide,"honestly, not a very good game. not worth the money although, it is still early acccess."
76561198132780231,Recommended,314230,31683153,Posted: 11 May,all,LM,Excellent game dont't have to play tho atm :(
,Recommended,314230,28346666,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Moosha,43.9/43
,Not Recommended,314230,18898368,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jestrick,"The concept of this game, as well as the atmosphere and art, as armazing.What isn't amazing is that the game is so poorly optimized that even on my gaming computer the frame rates took me out of the world that the game attempts to create.I'd keep my eye on this early access title, but for now I can't suggest it."
,Not Recommended,314230,21937801,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The_Dude,eh
,Not Recommended,314230,18135262,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jihadi Kermit,If you have problem with motion sickness then 3D space flight in Rodina especially rapid spins with `Q` and `R` keys will cause heavy nausea and vomiting. I wish the spins were not that rapid. :(
76561198007738697,Not Recommended,314230,24778877,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lexis,"Fascinating in the beginning, this game is disappointing overall.Graphics are not too good and the content is as limited as repetitive.15 bucks for this is a rip off"
,Recommended,314230,28522828,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,smode,its like undertale in space
76561198021890369,Not Recommended,314230,17715667,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,bogza2,nothing to do .....
76561198015248196,Not Recommended,314230,25485838,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,rarhodes5,Needs a lot of work. There is nothing you can really do in it right now.
76561198341395186,Recommended,314230,31173042,Posted: 16 April,all,chargon,not my cup o tea
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,314230,35250820,Posted: 27 September,all,matt1184,"Cool game until I got in the ship; controls are not very intuitive, and they are way over responsive.  Not much direction in the ""mission"" mode.  Get Rebel Galaxy instead."
76561198043111952,Not Recommended,314230,13205377,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KIAHL,"An interesting concept. Primarily bought this game for the spacecraft builder. However at this time the combat is tough and repetitive and the exploration is quite dull. This game needs a lot of polish and refinement before it is a recommendation, but I hope that it becomes the game I can see it being. At this time however, wait for it to move along early access."
,Not Recommended,314230,28178433,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ron Khare,"If this game was Alpha, I'd put it in my ""wait and see"" category and come back in a year. It's in beta though, and it's hardly a game. No direction, no tutorials, nothing so much that I can see, Combat is bizzare and random. etc.So it goes in the ""wait and see"" category anyway, and I'm trying to not regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,314230,12881556,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Urban Hype,"At the moment, I don't like this game for a couple of reasons. One is that the game is desolate as all hell. There's almost nothing to explore except for astroids, which have no variety, and planets. The planets have very small mountains and some stuff to pick up which is a billion miles apart from each other. Very boring game. There are things to fight though that gets old after the first couple of games. If you think that this game will satisfy for No Man's Sky, it won't. NMS seems exciting and filled with stuff, and this is baren and dull. 3/10"
76561198067753145,Not Recommended,314230,14304846,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,saaf bruv,"Interesting at first, but there is no story as such, nothing really to explore either. You have about 6 or 7 planets, they are all the same ultimately, just with a different colour. They have a bunch of hostile ships floating about, you kill a few and then you're bored with the same crap over and over."
76561198301398488,Not Recommended,314230,22749614,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Doxalogic,Kind of seems like a Unity game demo asset rather than an actual game.
76561198003674456,Not Recommended,314230,25011198,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,sakodija,"This game is fun for 15 minutes. After that you figure out that you did everything you can already.After a few years, game is still pretty much in the same spot where it was before, but now it even has a DLC...Wish I could get my money back long time ago."
76561198149435985,Not Recommended,314230,12803696,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,bullhead,"The game looked good, and judging from the graphics, I thought it would've ran well on my P.C. (I play Rust all the time, and it usually runs flawlessly), but even when I had all of the settings at their absolute lowest, the game was still lucky to get passed 10FPS, and not to mention there was a bug that'd always happen right when I started my game, so I could never even get to my ship, I always had to reset my character.I wouldn't recommend this game to people who have low-end P.C.'s, but I'm pretty sure if you have a high-end, or even an average gaming P.C., this would run fine.Just a bit disappointed that my fifteen dollars were pretty much wasted..."
,Not Recommended,314230,19579363,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dimmerworld,Hmmmm
76561197970931755,Not Recommended,314230,15283349,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,owl99,I find all of these positive reviews absolutely baffling.  The game in it's current state is extremely spartan and the graphics lack any aesthetics.
76561198103243648,Not Recommended,314230,11846740,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Taco6961,"I am sure that this game is amazing but, after buying the game, i tried to play it and the ranges and mountains were transluscent and glitchy. I dont know if it is able to be fixed but for the time being, dont buy this game until this is fixed to ensure maximised gameplay."
76561198027157799,Not Recommended,314230,26716641,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lucky  (Ag+NaCl → Delicious),If you prefer graphics from 2002 then this game is for you.  It's not for me.
,Not Recommended,314230,15809139,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Huge   Angelo,"dull graphics, boring game. not 4 me"
,Not Recommended,314230,14126856,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Deus Sinistro,"Not bad for a game made 20 or so years ago, tho I wonder why it's on Early Access. I remember playing this game on my Atari 64, forgot it even existed."
,Not Recommended,314230,28500023,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"Finish your damn game.  It's been two years now.UPDATE:My review is fair and accurate.  This game has been in early access with very limited progress for over two years now.  If you can't devote the time and energy necessary to finish the project, then don't charge money for it.Steam is littered with games such as Drifter and Jumpdrive that are stuck in perpetual early access hell with infrequent or nonexistent updates while remaining borderline unplayable proofs of concept.  And much like those games, Rodina has an interesting concept and has potential to be a good game.However, it is not a good game, it is not moving at any appreciable pace toward becoming a good game, and the purpose of reviewing a game is to offer an honest assessment of said game.  A reviewi s not a hopeful prediction of what the game will be in five years if the developer actually decides to work on his game.Those who recommend a game based on the theoretical potential of the game are no better than the yahoos at PC Gamer who gave Outpost one of their highest scores ever and it turned out to be a worthless tech demo with no actual gameplay.  Remember that?  I do.Cheers."
,Not Recommended,314230,11829213,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,scottwasnt,"Oh dear, what a waste of money- Somebodies hobby writing game code that'll never be finished, better idea than buy this= go back & play Elite :p"
76561198004102287,Not Recommended,314230,11556293,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,eucleaties,I want to like this game but the flight controls are atrocious.  It unconscionable to make a space sim with controls that are so awkward and clumsy.The idea of the game is great. You can customize your ship. which should be super cool but I didn't do to much with that as that interface seemed as bad as the flying aspect.Get your controls in order game devs.Also why is EVERYTHING in a super dark shadow. I get its space but how about some lights? (edit: there are ship lights)That all being said I seriously look forward to the game progressing. And I hope some work is done to make flying a ship in space super fun and not a frustrating flippy flop of constantly wibbly wobbling and over correcting.
76561198055657247,Not Recommended,314230,34023224,Posted: 4 August,all,The Pellaverse,new.....
,Recommended,314230,20824357,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Primaru,"If you are looking for a fully polished game,you should pass.This game is far from finished and will probably be that way for a while unless the developer stops being solitary.But if you are just looking for something inovative,sort of amaizing and interesting,or simply want to see a completely unique concept,i can definetly recomend that you support this one particular developer."
,Recommended,314230,12163770,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Laii,"Very fun, but also very empty. Unoptimized currently so you should have a good computer if you want to play this game.Don't expect there to be a lot of features yet."
,Recommended,314230,12190431,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SirSqueembo,"I enjoy looking around the early access section of Steam to see what new games have been released, but it pain me to think that most of these game will never see the end of their development. Many of the early access games I have purchased have minimal features, extremely high performance issues and no promise of ever being finished. One of my most recent experiences with a game like this was with Next Car Game. While it was fun and has loads of promise...the updates are few and far between, and none of them have ever improved the performance of the gameRodina, however, is much different. Not only does it have a fantastic demo (a rare thing these days) but it runs like a dream. The first impression I had of this game is that the dev cares about Rodina and won't let it go like the other indie dev often do. Hell, this one guy has created a game that runs better on launch than an entire AAA development studio can do (cough cough DICE LA!)The game has released with a decent number of features and great performance that rarely drops. The randomly generated solar system is incredible and the sense of scale is brilliant. You think your ship is bigger than that mountain???? Go and land on it and I promise you will swallow your previous statement!!!This game is worth the money. It is brilliant to see a dev who cares for his game and not for his wallet. If you have the money spare then please support Rodina!!"
76561198073842090,Recommended,314230,12024515,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wishuna,"Whats here, I love but I want more. Guess that sounds a bit weird when you have a whole solar system... but I WANT MORE :D"
,Recommended,314230,12025885,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Greuceanu,Really cool!
,Recommended,314230,12029207,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Xaeroxe,"I really enjoyed my time with this game, it's a good concept, still needs some more fine tuning though.  The framerate gets really choppy when trying to load new enemies or regions, so that could be optimized.  I'd suggest initializing the load sooner and making sure the framerate doesn't drop under 60 FPS while loading.  The programmer art in this game is out of hand, also the user interface feels too quiet and spends too long on some text effects, particularly at the beginning of the game when choosing a name.  I would suggest animating actual visuals more than text, and having sound effects alongside those animations.  This game could really benefit from some modifications that would allow for multiplayer.  Ship layout customization feels empty, as it seems most of the objects available have no purpose.  Planetary exploration still feels kind of drifty, mostly due to a lack of view bobbing and footstep sounds.  I never feel like I'm really on another planet, just another moon.  Feels fine on asteroids and small objects, but planets should feel more solid.  Planetary entry feels unnecessarily difficult.  For the love of gosh please add some distance numbers onto the navigation icons, not having those makes the Limna drive feel crazy unwieldy, I never know when I should come out of warp.  I think the player should be able to let go of the controls whenever they want, it doesn't make sense that I have to land before I can put out a fire on my ship.  On that note, a cruise control would be great, and specifically one that can stay on even when I'm away from the controls.  Fires spread so fast that even when going at it with 2 or 3 fire extinguishers I have no hope of being able to put one out.  Some type of prologue showing the destruction of the vanguard would be cool.  A basic controls and abilities tutorial would have helped me out a lot in the early game.  Also for the demo version I'd recommend at least allowing players to load auto saves for the character they are currently playing, I had to scrap a save in the demo version because my ship was on fire and my game decided to save when the ship was at 5 hp, so there was no possible way for me to recover that ship.  It would also be nice to at some point encounter AI controlled allies, and also some of the more important dialogs should have voiceovers, so that you don't feel quite so alone in the universe despite having all this communication you're reading and reviewing.  Please make the player ship model have more than 12 polygons.  It's really ugly.  Great game though!  I love the concept and have been having a lot of fun with it.  I'm a game developer working on a similar title and I've enjoyed the opportunity to see what is and isn't working for this game.  Great job!  I look forward to future updates."
76561198123663188,Recommended,314230,12030809,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kemonobito,"This game is amazing, the graphics are amazing, the planets are amazing, hell even the enemies and the atmospheric reentry (Found a way to do it very easily but not saying you guys have to find that out for yourselves) are amazing. This game has tons of potential the downsides are it can lag a lot on not so powerful computers in combat when looking at planets or in Limnal Transit, also the story is incomplete and after exploring for a bit and killing tons of ships (Don't take on Cruisers till you get the other weapons besides the missles) there's not much else to do (unless you enjoy destroying ships and watching the hulks burn up in the atmosphere or trying some seriously adventurous things like say.... jumping from your ship in low orbit and crashing into the ground (Don't, it will screw up your game. Though it's worth it. >:) ) Currently it is amazing and I can't wait till they're finished with the rest of the features, this seems like it's going to be a VERY interesting and intriguing story and game. Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,314230,11930550,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dr Al Gore,"This game is insanely buggy, landing sends the ship into some sort of ghost mode where all you an do is sit back from the keyboard and watch your ship spin uncontrolably and phase through the ground, whist the message ""The ship has landed"" shows up repeatedly."
,Recommended,314230,12007041,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ヽ(￣(ｴ)￣)ﾉ,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
76561198121202473,Recommended,314230,17792944,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shane12345678,10/10
76561198229268648,Recommended,314230,17509961,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,brokenknifeshard,"I won't lie, I'm hard to please when it comes to space exploration games, but this game really raised the bar. It doesn't look like much, but it's worth every penny. It's early access yes, meanin there are bugs, but the working parts of the game are, in a word, beautiful. I'd rate at least 12/10."
,Recommended,314230,18086066,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The_Nuclear_Tipped_Kitten,"I got as far as I could so far in the game, and it just leaves me wanting MORE RIGHT NOW!!!!! What you have planned for the game just sounds awesome and amazing. Can't wait 'till you can get crew in the ship and board other ships, those are the features i'm looking forward to the most."
,Recommended,314230,18301030,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MistOfSteel,"One of my favorite games in my library. The open world, the combat, and the ability to customize your own ship contribute to my love of this game. It seems a bit empty, though... But what can you expect from space?"
76561198026082876,Recommended,314230,16998645,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Keenan Green,"Rodina is truly a gift to behold. It's that game which answers the question, I wonder what it would be like visiting other plantes. When you cruise the planets in first person mode, you really get that sense of wonder.What a great game. Thanks for making it!  8 hours of play. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves sci-fi. It will be a crying shame if you don't get it!"
,Recommended,314230,17261682,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Purotekutā,"I Think Rodina is a brilliant Game, However Because it is early access It laks in many features, Also:Note to Developers, I Would strongly recomend Adding Multiplayer to this game, Aswell as far more planets."
,Recommended,314230,17262928,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,No Cookies 4 U,This is really well put together for such a small game. Looking forward to the updates.
,Recommended,314230,17340844,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,jamzsabb,"Beautiful game with lots of potential.  Definitely in Early Access state at the moment, but that doesn't mean it isn't worth buying.It's fun to relax and wander around space.  Developer is very active with the community and updates are frequent."
76561198103560435,Recommended,314230,17355699,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,tombatch,"This game is a damn good game, both scale-wise, and some very fun mechanics. The combat is solid and the sheer size of rodina's solar system is bloody impressive!plus, it has a demo!10/10, any day!"
76561198066066802,Recommended,314230,17362603,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SleepyFruitBat,"Before I review this game let me say a little bit about myself. I play alot of kinds of video games. I adore space sims the most. I love the thought of just taking a ship and having nothing but the possibilities of space itself in front of you.That being said, this game was absolutely amazing. Sure its not as graphically advanced as say X3 but the gameplay is where this game shines. It not only gave you a ship but the ability to walk around inside it before blasting off on your adventures. I've played alot of space sims, there are very few where you will be forced to put out a fire in the ship to prevent death or remember not to press the Open All Doors button. Plus a nice soundtrack.I played for about 2 hours and I am hooked onto this game and cannot wait to see what the developers will come up with next. I reccomend Rodina to anyone with a likeing to space simulators."
,Recommended,314230,17271943,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Woof115,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It's glorious now, and the potential is unmatched. A definite competitor with such games as No Man's Sky."
76561198119797638,Recommended,314230,17323299,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,husta,This indie game has the potential to be the greatist space exploration game.Right now you play as a character picking through the remains of human starships in an effort to find information about what has happened and upgrade for you and your ship.I can't wait to see how far this game goes.
,Recommended,314230,17225783,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,shadowraven1008,This game i jaw dropping if you have $16 you should pick up this game right now it is a 5 minute download and it is worth the money but to understand the game you have to play on normal mode first.
,Recommended,314230,17225789,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,stimpy77,"Rodina is sorta-kinda to space games what Kung Fury is to movies. Maybe that's being slightly too generous, but I guess I'm thinking in terms of direction. It's a throwback to a nostolgic art form that takes advantage of modern technology to produce something spectacular. Or at least, that's how you need to approach Rodina in order to appreciate it fairly. The truth is, anyone who is spoiled on Bioware games and the like complete with all interactions and audio feeds being fed to the player via *cough* audio may not like the fact that the storytelling in this game requires a lot of context switching from gameplay to patient reading.That said, the lore (which, again, must be read) is surprisingly well written, it's witty and sometimes filled with sarcastic humor while at other times helps immerse the player into the backstory of this universe. And by universe I mean solar system, and by solar system I mean planets surrounding a sun that themselves are surrounded by asteroid belts. And by this I mean you can seamlessly fly around to any of these and interact with them. No cutscenes. Everything is linear. There is travel scaling (such as ""gears"") so that you don't have to sit around for hours, but you're in complete control. You can land on an asteroid (which is where the game starts) or on a planet and get out of your ship and pick up ship upgrades, ammo, and electronic debris that typically contains radio transmissions that populate this lore I've already spoken too much of.Learning how to play is apparently supposed to be part of the fun of playing. I found discovering the mappings with my Xbox 360 controller and/or tweaking them to be a slightly arduous learning process, but in the end I'm quite happy with gameplay controls. Changing gears using the controller while approaching soil by using a L-trigger + L-Joystick-Down combo is a rather scary, clunky process, but adds to the immersion, I suppose. Mapping to D-Pad up/down would be easier, but feel too arcade-ish.Between landings, you must evade and/or fight alien sentry drones and other alien ships that are keeping a watchful eye over the planets and the loot. You're armed at first with a machine gun with infinite ammo, but as you pick up planetary loot you can equip other types of weaponry such as missiles and blaster guns. The game seems to support the Xbox 360 controller just fine, which has proven to be my favorite way to play the game, and let me just say that the space combat, while simple, is quite a blast. It's like the 1990s game Freespace, except less fluff, more action, and you can fly to planets and land and walk around, so Freespace has nothing on Rodina.The game performs a quicksave whenever something important happens such as entering atmosphere or entering battle, which is great because I hate having to redo things that I succeeded doing before. Speaking of ""entering atmosphere"", any time you approach a planetary surface you must sit through 60 or so seconds of your craft being on fire during entry. It dramatically adds immersion. Unfortunately, there aren't nearly enough things on the planet's surface going on to make atmospheric reentry a worthwhile game ""feature"", so it does get a bit old after the 20th landing for a loot pickup.You can walk around inside your ship, making the game feel a lot like a throwback notion of Star Trek at times, but with it being so big it feels rather lonely and non-interactive at times, since you really are all alone. There are some computer consoles you can interact with, but for the most part everything in your ship is Minecraft-style decor. There's a ship interior designer interface where you can redesign the rooms. I find all that distracting, to be honest. I'd rather more gameplay elements be added.Sometimes your ship can catch on fire (as in, the engine room or your bridge). When this happens, you have three options (that I've found). 1) load a savegame, try to avoid what caused it to happen [lame .. and I'm guilty of doing this most often], 2) grab a 20th century fire extinguisher hanging from the wall and try to put it out by hand (LOL .. honestly this is kind of funny, no ceiling mount sprinklers or anything?), or 3) if you're in space, run to an operations computer console and hit the Emergency Open All Doors button to let all the oxygen out. You yourself might get sucked out into space if you do this, so position yourself where you won't. It's a cool concept. This is GREAT content, by the way, the game author is on the right track!I hope that people are buying this game and the creator(s) are building up some good cash flow to put back into the game because the help this game needs more content at this point than one person (or a small handful of people?) can do alone. That is to say, the game isn't a AAA game worth $59, but at $15 it is a wonderful way to spend an evening or two, way more interesting than a movie night at the theater.Features I hope get added: flora, land creatures, body of self w/ switch to 3rd person view, some more complex space situations than drones and fighters (i.e. a mothership to take out Star Wars style), more interaction with the ship's interior objects, some ""good guys"" beyond lore to join the player as A.I., and multiplayer support.The soundtrack quality is spectacular.I'm guessing I'm only about a quarter or so into the ""story"", if you want to call it a ""story"" (again, it's a sandbox game with some lore delivery triggers as sequential radio transmission / journal pickups), but I can't help but wonder if my character is himself an android. How else am I out here on my own with no memory?"
76561198217672416,Recommended,314230,17804027,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DAXAMEGATGGD235,an amazing game for exploration!!!!! I LOVE IT! the planets the ship and the fighting!!good job!
,Recommended,314230,17791692,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cybercyrus,"Amazing Game, alot of potential! Great vision!As a kid, my dream game was to be able to explore planets, board my ship and fly through the cosmos as a spacefarer, han solo style. Since then alot of space sim aim to high and deliver so little.Don't get me wrong, No man's sky and Star Citizen are probably going to fullfil that vision exactly and i'm very excited for them, almost as excited as i was to see Elite Dangerous... Which, as the other ones, had a much higher budget than Rodina, possibly also vision... but fails to deliver. (No man's sky will hopefully be exactly what i dreamed of)BUT AS OF NOW. If you are a fan like me about the great atmosphere of space exploration, you can bypass the early stage and graphic of this game and see it for the vision it has and how it delivered it already with amazing resaults, being a complete indie game.I have alot of hope for this and Rodina, not marketing itself so much is fullfilling that vision without masses of money behind it.I'm truly excited to see where this goes.Thank you Elliptic Games, you gave me hope for new communites to express their own vision without relying on big devs and publishers.+Amazing and fluid gameplay+retro-futuristic graphics!+Large open-world+First person+Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥interior with interactables.+Simple but cool AI+Great musicWould love to see more features added, already excited for the settlements, hope that a little life and nature will be included in some procedural generated planets.Keep the great work going!"
76561198018250884,Recommended,314230,17631998,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Asher31,"A riveting and gorgeous game despite its 'early access' state. As the story unfolds it becomes more challenging to save and quit, just pushing to find another piece of the puzzle or part of the universe. All this is done against an awe inspiring backdrop of the star system with lots of enemies to refine your space-fighting skills.Currently, there isn't too much to do in game and I completed it in a short time but it holds massive potential to turn into something truly fantastic, capable of soaking up hours of one's free time. I look very forward to watching it progress and trying new features as they arrive.No loading screens either!"
,Recommended,314230,17651513,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Command,ive played five minits and so far im captivated by the feel of the game
76561198046608271,Recommended,314230,17717462,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,AceCat,"I love this game! But please, PLEASE!!! Port this for MAC users. This game lags on mt PC but my Mac could handle it! I want to play more but I can't! :( It's still an amazing game!"
76561198146304451,Recommended,314230,17185433,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Retro_Snail,"This is a great game, but it constantly crashes (which is really annoying). This game has amazing potential and I can't wait for it to come out of early access!!! Please update it so it doesn't crash so often :)"
,Recommended,314230,18984127,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Professor Fact-Ass,"This game is fantastic, simply put.However there just isn't enough content as of yet.The atmosphere of this game is incredible. The music is brilliant as is the gameplay itself.I wish that there was a UI change and external ship customization.This is a short review."
,Recommended,314230,18377599,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SpockTheBuilder,"Amazing game for early access. Combat is fun and space seems big, as space should, but the planets seem SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO empty.I could fly for an hour and not see anything other than 3d landscapes.I could also fly for an hour between planets and not find anything.Then I can fly for 20 min and have non-stop comba with different bots and boss bots. Plus finding 2 supply caches nearby.Followed by another few hours of zip... nada... nothing."
,Recommended,314230,18408647,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,NateeDoin80,"I absolutely love this game, although as I was in limnal drive I went directly toward a planet then exited the pilot seat. I then watched through the holoscreen that I had crashed into the planets surface without the atmosphere in mind at all. There was no slowing down and heating up of the aircraft. I just crashed into the planet. ""It wasn't an asteroid, it was one of the planets."" Anyway, just a slight bug I might introduce."
76561198130854822,Recommended,314230,18434666,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Type1Apurplenova,This is one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.  The only thing that could make this game better would be a LAN multiplayer mode.
,Recommended,314230,18518295,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"May not have spent much time on this game so far, but this game has been really fun to casual around in.8/10"
,Recommended,314230,18383300,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Igor,"Somewhat barebones, but what there is....is very polished/impressive. Fill this up with content, and you have one of the greatest space exploration games ever made."
76561197972435513,Recommended,314230,18362632,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CrewzKnight,"Worth every penny and MORE....This game shows everyone how a space game should be done, experience first ! Space, Landings, Ships, Exploration, Intrigue. Can't wait to play it again once its farther along the dev cycle."
,Recommended,314230,18587472,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"i like this game a lot, like the enter plants, only spacegame which make me feel bit dizzy,well worth the money"
,Recommended,314230,18648477,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Yapoz,"This game would be perfect with:-Animals-Water-Plants (trees, grass, maybe harvestable bushes/herbs)-Traders (economy)-Proc Gen cities-Space StationsVery good game with very good potential. Keep up the good work."
76561198066732114,Recommended,314230,18626826,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Doonyal,My ship is on the fireI must engage the flame mothertruckers
76561198191868318,Recommended,314230,18781483,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pena_rudy,"its a very nice game! Really it is, trust me."
76561198156249753,Recommended,314230,18783177,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ScReAmInG@TrEeS,i hope tp see more added into game its such a good idea and being able to play with little ray guns and martians onn astroids or something would be awesome. changing the ships exterrior lautout or rlook would also be cool. thanks so much for this creation. keep up the good work and cant wait to see whats in store
76561198169865742,Recommended,314230,17735935,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Flames2504,"one of the best games i've played in a while, i love the story, gameplay, soundtrack and the little bits of lore you get from each point of interest."
,Recommended,314230,18980833,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Durch,"Rodina is a space exploration game set within a single solar system.  The music is pleasant and the writing is well done (the interview with Malcolm McCreedy is my personal favorite).  The single quest line will likely take you a couple of hours to complete, unless you rush through it.  The interior of your space craft is fully customizable within the game.  The exterior of the ship may be 'modded' with third-party tools, and a number of modded ships are available from fan sites.Combat is unrewarding, beyond a personal satisfaction.  There are no 'experience points' to earn, and destroyed enemies drop no loot.  Combat is practically optional, as groups of enemies are easy to navigate around.  This allows you to decide if your gaming experience will be ""guns blazing"" or exploration.The game is a work in progress, and the developer is very active in the game's community.  Based on his forum posts and his own description of the game, the developer clearly has big plans for Rodina.  In its current state, you may expect to ""run out of things to do"" after a day or two of game play.  Once you have completed the quest line and discovered all of the data modules, all that's left is combat and sight seeing.I recommend this game because I sincerely enjoy playing it.  I find myself smiling as I travel from planet to planet, and I found the short stories entertaining and diverse.  Rodina is a refreshing game with a bright future that is worth experiencing and supporting."
,Recommended,314230,17854071,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,/p/lack,Pros- Closest thing to No Man's Sky- good story- SPACE
,Recommended,314230,13876917,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sheppard,"A diamond in the rough.This game, though on the surface lacking polish, has amazing potential and is a great proof of concept. I'm very impressed that this has all been the work of one man, and am eager to see the game grow. To my friends: Don't miss this one, it's a gem."
,Recommended,314230,15504233,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,liveseypaul,This game seems to have the basics of a cool game.  I need to play some more to get my head around what is going on.  For the coders...the ship is still hard to move.  I don't get how to shift between speed modes. After that I am not sure what to do.  Very cool game though.  Cool music as well. Like something from Barbarella.  I think this will be very interesting in the near future.
76561197971857058,Recommended,314230,15860573,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Andwyn,"The game is very entertaining! I really like the story and the missions and especially liked the 1st person ship and flight dynamics. I hope they add to the game though, I would love to see populated planets, maybe cities, or alien wildlife, also maybe ground combat as well. But all in all I find the game a good buy and a few hours of great fun!"
,Recommended,314230,14057046,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Quantum-//-Anomaly,"Despite the early access, there's a robust feature set to Rodina. I'm constantly surprised by the gameplay & story content, as the mechanics & writing are both rich to experience. The soundtrack is also beyond impressive. In the midst of combat with 2 xeno's, I was informed I had a fire in my ship. So, naturally, I finished one of the alien scum, started careening towards the planet much like his enflamed vessel, grabbed a fire extinguisher & hosed the flames all the way to my control computer at the rear of the ship. I couldn't get the rest of the inferno, so I emergency opened all doors to suffocate the flame & almost spaced myself as my ship was diving into a planet's atmosphere. All accompanied by an exceptionally fitting musical score.Give this game time, ship breaching/boarding, wieldable weapons besides extinguishers, & this will be a serious contender for my other favourite space title ""Mass Effect."" 8/10, until such features find their way into the game c:"
76561197996985225,Recommended,314230,15407782,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,michaeljohnmk,"I have played a lot of diferent space games,but I must say this is a good one RODINA will be the benchmark for future space games in my opinion. I can,t wate for the finished product and will recomend it to my friends,"
,Recommended,314230,16212692,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Zytair,"This game is amazing. It gives a great story to explore and find, a great ship building mechanic and planets that are fun to explore. However, the planet exploring does get a little boring after a while because there is not much to find other than missiles and the occasional story piece so i hope in the future a little more gets added."
,Recommended,314230,16503388,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pyravia,"Okay, this game has some very VERY serious potential, and is already fun as it is.The enviroment is one VERY large universe that has no loadtime at all because it is progressivly rendered (Like minecraft or kerbal space program). This makes it very engaging and immersive. This inside of your ship is completely customizable, and is also constantly rendered as your ship can take damage, start on fire, then the airlock can open and suddenly your sucked out into space. While the game is hard at first, it is easy to learn and fun to play. Totally negating any difficulty.PROS:>Beta game with exiting potential>Fully customizable ship interior>Progressivly rendered universe resulting in no loading screens>Well programmed physics>Immersive and vastCONS:(Please note that this game is still in early beta, and the cons listed are VERY likely to be fixed)>Lack of much story (Though you can go to planets and collect data logs (journals), hinting the game will because story rich in the future.>Only one player-controllable ship at this time>Cannot enter enemy ships (I`m pretty sure there are plans to fix this though).>No friendly NPCs, making the game feel lonely.THINGS I WOULD LIKE TO SEE:>Different types of player controllable ships>Space stations and planitary space ports (can be used for repair, trade and autopilot navigation)>More story, and of course, NPCs>Upgradeable ships>More options for customization, ie more things to put inside the ship (Space Engineers is an excellent reference)There is more, but I`m sure most of it will happen eventually anyways. This game is Absolutely worth every penny.10/10"
76561198031458777,Recommended,314230,11934853,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Corporal Punishment,"This game is the biggest game I have ever played in every sense of the word. Every time I traveled from one planet to another or even between the asteroids I would look back the way I came and couldn't believe I was so far away just minutes ago. It has a feeling of scale that other space games lack. And it may not have much to do besides dogfighting and scavenging loot but it feels so epic that I'm content to just that. I only wish we could get more games that let you fly around space, walk on your ship and the planet such as the sadly halted Wayfarer:the outer reaches Because this is what I call exploration."
,Recommended,314230,11938706,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SirAwesome,"Absolutely stunning...This is truly what space games should be about, exploring the vast and unending reaches of space. This game is SO worth the $15, for me at least. Is it for everybody, I don't think so, but I will say this, if you have ever dreamed of exploring new and distant planets lightyears away from each other, then this cannot be missed."
,Recommended,314230,11643674,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,QuinnLion,"I think is already a wonderful game, I do hope that it fleshes out."
,Recommended,314230,12001870,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Minemoder,Great story. Great engineTerrible graphicsBeautiful graphics. I see alot of modding capability in this and it is just fantastic
,Recommended,314230,17552928,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,STORM,"Rodina is quite a gem.   Definitely a game to keep around.  I have not played much, and I must admit that it did not glue me like other games have, but, I'm sure that will change once I invest a little more time."
,Recommended,314230,17558490,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,warpug314,really fun
,Recommended,314230,17525872,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,The Fifth Elephant,Rodina is probably the closest thing so far to a game version of2001: A Space Odyssey.
76561198222730904,Recommended,314230,17530533,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,nolan16,"Once the game comes out fully, it will be one of the BEST science fiction games to come out.Yuo can really feel like your a captain of your ship and you get so attached to every little object in your ship.There are multiple stories that can be found across the huge planets that make you feel like you are a part of something alot bigger.I give this game a 100/10.would die in ship fire again."
,Recommended,314230,21378849,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,illumiNancy ❤,"I started playing Rodina when it was a demo on the official page, this game won my debate over Elite:dangerous and other space sims.the POTENTIAL that this game has is infinite. the already included feature of fires and the multitude of placeable modules makes me think of the possible micromanagment that I WOULD LOVE to see on this game. it looks like is there, dont know if the devs are planning on including this multitasking but many things point to it. just the fact that it has ship inner customization nods to plan a strategic structure do avoid damage.The Scale of the Zorica System is incredible and the combat is tight enough to be engaging but easy enough to not distract from the exploration.It lacks on content really, 4-5 types of enemy ships and your ship, 4 or so different secondary weapons, 5 planets i think and a very plain asteroid belt. While the story stretches the time of play with their upgrades to the ship (just on paper nothing visually changes) its awesome the first time to find the Limnal and experiencing warp speed.the music and atmosphere just really catched me in, and is the only Early Access game i have ever bought, and not regretting anything.just try it yourself, theres a demo and is just exactly that."
76561198134939036,Recommended,314230,21353559,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ShawnEBear,Rodina is  game that I can reccomend to you if you are into casually exploring a small solar system full of planets and astroids. There isn't much to do in this game but find 3-4 types of enemies and hope you don't get a fire after the battle. The planets are big and the atmosphere on each planet looks nice and different. This game is still bare bones and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants a full action packed experience. so far I think this game Has potential but It gets a little boring just looking for data sticks and picking up ammo on planets. It needs quicker updates and more content for it to be a real good experience.
76561198245567622,Recommended,314230,21603321,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,xh128,the best Space game ever!!!
,Recommended,314230,21346584,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,J. Wood,"got to cruising speed, wondered what would happen if I opened all the doors. 10/10 would suck myself into space again"
76561198057681819,Recommended,314230,20339413,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TMB0051,"If you love Space, massive open worlds, interior building or all three then Rodina is for you. Rodina is a massive open world Space Exploration game where you go to diffrent Earth sized planets and bigger and collect loot before the baddies can get to it. In your first 20 minutes you will be flying around to other asteroids and start collecting loot. Soon you will get some Diaconim (I think that's how you spell it) Crystals which will allow you to Limnal Warp. A fast and crazy light speed. Once this is unlocked you can go to other planets a whole lot quicker. When you do get to the planet you will meet the baddies. These guys will not rest until you are dead.Overall Rodina is a very fun game with a active developer who is ready to update the game at any time."
76561198107581147,Recommended,314230,21290723,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,blackskyking,games good to start planates need to be worked on are way to barren witch is fine if all of them wernt that way ship controls are way to sinstive walking is good its got a good base for the game and needs improvement but overall a good consept for a game if the quality is increased needs better graphics but in the end its what it could be not what it is.
,Recommended,314230,21177896,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,juliano,I flew into the sun and my ship was already burned. I jumped out of the ship and it flew like 400 meters away. After my jetpack was empty I've been burned by the sun.10/10Best space simulation!
76561198071180813,Recommended,314230,21216248,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Vicidsmart,"Amazing, Stunning, Beautiful. Combat is very fun and music is 11/10"
,Recommended,314230,20901871,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DAXminer,"This game gets a 8/10 from me, why, i played the demo, then i bought it, and i still love it, it is huge and really fun to play, to run arround killing enemies, it brings back old arcade days and is the proof that a good game doesnt need to have photorealistic last gen graphics.But i've got a problem, y have a geforce GT 755M 2GB 12GB RAM memory, I7 quad core 2.4 GHz, yet it has periodical lag, i dont know if i am the only one with the issue, i would love it to be fixed, i dont know if its bad optimization, i love this game, and i want a fix.Also to the developer, wish you luck, your work is great keep it up, i know it is not easy, but this is one of the best indies ive ever played."
76561198058224966,Recommended,314230,20882555,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mixed,"Extremely fun. Has a very nice text based story. Definetly feels different than other space sim games ive played. Feels more raw, in a good way. I like that the dev is still adding things and seems determined to move forward with his vision for the game.Add a fancy ships mod to make your ship less ugly, and and one of the skybox mods and your good to go.Its a different kind of space sim experience, but fun, with great world building."
,Recommended,314230,21678472,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AnarchyOfAngels,"Great atmosphere and great mechanics behind it. Even though it's basic right now and doesn't have much content, it's still a great game that I can see having alot of awesome things come to the future"
76561198126442987,Recommended,314230,21862885,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pizza Time,"has a lot of potential, has a kind of 'No Man's sky' vibe to it and dev is working hard to make it fun. Its enjouyable as is but lacks in content content once you finish what story exits. still, exploring panets looking for little bits of backstory manages to hold atention for short spans of time before it gets boring. looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,314230,21584245,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Zeus Of The Crows,"Definitely unfinished (well of course it is, it's in early access), but even at the point it is at now, it is anabsolutely incrediblegame, that isexcellentlywritten and has anamazingsoundtrack, I cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,314230,22403140,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Blank,"Its a really fun game and promises a lot, the main issue i see is that it is in its development stage which is to be expected of early access games, and while this isnt an issue since you know what your getting, I will say the developer takes a long time to make updates, Im not informed enough to say whether this is something to blame him for but i will say, its fun to play for a little and for the experience, but it wont be something youll spend too much on until its on its later stages and i dont see that coming anytime soon."
,Recommended,314230,17237070,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,King Malotroth,"This is a good game, don't get me wrong, but it does get a bit boring after a while. Additionaly, the ship costumization mechanics are hard to use. This game is still good though. Space exploration is always a good genre and difficult to pull off. Rodina did that well. I like mostly how the planets are somewhat scale so they are EXTREMELY BIG. I also like how there are options to change the difficulty of individual things as well as toggling fire and that sort of thing. It makes the game adaptable so if you don't like one aspect of the game, BOOM. You can set the difficulty to 0. This is overall a great game and I recomend it to all who have played games like ""Kerbal Space Program"" or games like that."
76561198035241089,Recommended,314230,17216938,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Wootchie,"Rodina has a gargantuan solar system filled with spectacular planets and asteroids. The customizable ship, outstanding soundtrack, and very interesting story make this game truly amazing."
76561198127085384,Recommended,314230,17156731,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Famous Rapper Kmc,"Amazingly immersive.A vast ""explore 'em up"" that does what it says on the tin, the scale of the planets is huge and the ship customisation, while a bit limited lets you really personalise your ship."
,Recommended,314230,17059382,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TriggerHappy,"Mr Developer,I read the words 'Daggerfall in Space' and was sold. Daggerfall is one of the few oldies that I still play for more than nostalgia.Rodina could very well be 'Daggerfall in Space'. It has the potential. I could see it within the first hour. With mod support, it could be something even greater. Or sillier. Beauty of mods.But for the following couple of hours until I finished what is available of the main story line (I like to take my time), I am no longer sure I want it to be Daggerfall.There is something about the atmosphere. The vastness of space at your fingertips. The lonliness of it all. It grew on me. I hunted the data cubes for scraps of story, for clues, for hope. Those close calls with me running to my ship followed by enemy fire. I fought the 'enemy' with purpose. I fought for revenge. For fallen comrades and the future of my people. Iwantedto. I also wanted to find a certain someone and slap them silly. Ireallywanted to. But I don't want to spoil anything. I believe you did a phenominal job here.If the game ends up being a vibrant universe with NPCs and bases to loot and first person combat and trade and whatever, I won't complain. I would be very happy. This would be a game that I would play for years to come.But please, consider having a small side scenario. Call it an origin story, an electric dream (heh), whatever you want. Keep a small side scenario where I can play the lone wanderer in a vast space with no choice but to do the seemingly impossible.Thank you for a great experience. Looking forward for more.MBlueD"
,Recommended,314230,17063153,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sasaki Haise,An exeptional game. A quick to master and simple to play masterpeice. This game can last forever as long as you are willing to explore.
76561198179348389,Recommended,314230,17106995,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,snowball592,"I have already spent 4.5 hours on this game and I only just got it today, its fantastic. I have done the 'fix player' thing and I think that it did something to the entitys in the ship, I asume that  the devs knows that already but better safe than sorry. Do not be off put by that, it is, as I've said, fantastic. I would love to have voice overs for the encriptions and messages but understand if that is not possible."
76561198149831683,Recommended,314230,17113837,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,epicwaffle1122,"This game is fun. That is most of my opinion. It is essentially the 0x10c we never got and that is good. The game was one of the best shooters I've played. The camera was a little wonkey sometimes, but that is fine. The creation of the ship is fun and you will find new ways to design and arrange things. The aliens were fun to fight and the planets were all pretty cool.The problems I had were few but I will address them fully. Combat sometimes felt repetitive but the fire on the ship thing was cool. The universe felt empty was another issue I had. I liked the game and would explore more if there were caves, aliens on planet, weapons, treasure, or just something I was aiming to do. For the most part I tried to explore all the planets first but they all felt empty. Like emptier the Fallout 3, a game that is supposed to feel empty. If I could collect things and sell them at like a hub planet with a shop and missions to go and buy things and get cool quests. I understand this was made by one guy and the soundtrack was one of the best I've ever heard, but if you want an amazing story and fleshed out characters you'll not find it here. If you're looking for an exploration game with shooting and aliens have at 'er."
76561198137241171,Recommended,314230,17086663,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sikerhonie,"If you are looking for a great relaxing space exploration game, this is for you... Until you run into the enemies."
,Recommended,314230,17091174,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Zpwner01,"It's a game that should have your eye kept on it because the potential this game has is immense. Right now in it's alpha state i would have to say that the 17 dollars i spent on it was worth every penny because of the amount of content that is already in it. The main feature of this game is that the scale of all the planets and astroids are insane because they are practically the size of real life astroids and planets and you can walk on the planets and astroids unlike elite dingus.This game has huge potential and it would be a good idea to support an awsome, original concept like this. If you are still unsure you should try the demo because the demo is the main game without saves. That basically means you have no content restrictions in the demo but you still cannot save so it is worth it to buy the full game. The official website offers a pay-what-you-want sytem where you pay what you want for the initial game but each new update requires you to chip in a bit more money. This is also nice because it means that if you are short on money you can still play the game the way it was meant to be instead of maybe having to pirate it because you dont have 17 bucks.TL:DR Gud game"
,Recommended,314230,17095342,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Bamboy,"TLDR: You may want to wait before buying this one.I'm excited to see where this game goes, which is why I'm recommending. If you aren't interested in actively following the evolution of Rodina, then you probably shouldn't buy this.. yet.What exists gameplay wise is a bit repetative. Go from place to place and pick up stuff. I feel as though I exausted the gameplay with my time spent as of this writing. (4.7hr) Story wise there is a lot I have not read, but what I did read was of real good quality and had charm.The seamlessness combined with the vastness of the game area is pretty darn cool and has a lot of potential, as quite a few others have said. However, I don't feel like there is much of a reason to explore in this game, which is a big shame. It shouldn't be that hard or time consuming for the developer to throw in some easter eggs or collectibles here and there. (Cosmetic stuff to put in your ship?) Maybe some damage upgrades or something, or at the very least, add some variety for what is already there.Having everything of interest ""marked"" for you really defeats the exploration aspect, although due to the vastness of the game space I see why this was chosen. I feel there should be a better solution somehow.The biggest feature I'd like to see is Multiplayer support, that and/or the ability to build bases on asteroids or planets.Also... the sun wont let you warp to escape if you get too close.. The game saves once you start taking damage from radiation... TENOTTADEN"
,Recommended,314230,17095997,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Foo,"This is a great game. But not for everyone.I thoughrolly enjoyed it, i loved the gameplay, and the ability to create the interior of the ship is superb! But for those who are not interested in reading the data logs, this (probably) isn't for you. However, exploration and combat are this games best features, and they are done well!"
76561198144914448,Recommended,314230,17081131,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cyanide Cat,Best Game ever
,Recommended,314230,17082810,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Redux,The fact that this game made me watch Star Trek and Star Wars over again means i am absolutely in LOVE with it. The simplisity of it makes it that much more adictive. And don't even get me started on the sound track. The music in this game really sold me into making it one of my favorite games. It fits wonderfuly in the game and can be listened to over and over again. If I haven't convinced you enough to get this game then all I have to say is you get to make your own space ship.
,Recommended,314230,26953675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CyberSentry,"Very content light and extremely simple graphics-wise, this game shows a lot of potential with it's current mechanics. It's also got a fantastic dev, who genuinely cares about this game. That being said, however, updates are understandably content light while also being somewhat few and far between. This game is definitely an investment, but a very promising one with a great developer. Try the demo, see if you wanna support it, and keep in mind that patience will be necessary."
,Recommended,314230,26927946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PrincessSugarTit,Space.... So much space.... SPPPPAAAAAAAACCCCEEEEEE!
76561198148736215,Recommended,314230,25857358,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dabigboom,"I LOVE THIS GAME, it has a great story that is unfortunately not yet complete, no loading screens, and full ship interior customization(with the ability to walk around in your ship)! i haven't been able to load the game recently because of crashing, it could just be my system though"
,Recommended,314230,24076701,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NSGG,"Picked this game up and the first time I loaded it up I fell in love with it. It may not have the most advanced graphics but, the game has such unique and artistic visuals. The feel in space and suspence of entering a planets atmosphere is amazing. The way the story is reviealed through progression in game is fantastic and leaves me wondering whats next. The gameplay may be simple this is true but it is rather surprisingly addicting. The internal ship layout and design mechanic is whimsical and entertaining in it of its self. I highly recommend this game for anyone with a love for space, exploration, artistic appreciation, or simply creativity. Would you expect anything less from a developer with such history as Fallout3?"
,Recommended,314230,23817240,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Interrupting Mystikal,"Loved thge game for it's story and combat. But lately, it has slowed down considerably (probably due to testing etc). My rig (i7 5th Gen, 3.2GHz, Nvidia 670 3GB and 16GB ram) used to run this game smooth as butter at the highest settings, last time I played this. Now, even on the lowest settings its laggy and looks horendous. I'm sure the devs will fix this and I really can't wait for it to come out of early access!!8/10"
76561198095164000,Recommended,314230,20761597,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,RainbowNuggets,"I have spent many hours playing this game, It really is like morrowind in space.The space exploration and size of the system brought me to play it, the planned future  updates is what made me stay.The feeling of being free in such a sizable game world is what keeps me excited. Knowing what I might find but not quite knowing when a enemy is going to  come for me or if this fire is going to end me.This game is like Elite with some Elder Scrolls aspects and I truely think, If you like both of them games and are excited for the upcoming FPS space exploration game No Man's Sky. Get this game.You will not regret it, It is worth the money, even in this stage."
,Recommended,314230,22601782,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The Super Autist,If No Man's Sky had even fewer people. (JK)Basically if you are already hyped for No Man's Sky buy this to kill the time.
,Recommended,314230,28090769,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WESTCOAST731,first of all the story is great and I see a good future for this game and i see a lot of things that can be added  1 of them is naming locations and ateroids for remembering witch area you like the most and would like to bulid a base scince that would be one of the main updates that will come to the game.
76561198352588950,Recommended,314230,33447022,Posted: 10 July,all,Steemy_Peen,I can see the frame for a great game here. If it gets more work and a some more activities to do it could be an awesome game!
76561198058152093,Recommended,314230,32340041,Posted: 11 June,all,Spyface,"It is actually a pretty cool game! If you like space, then this game should be for you!"
76561198112307197,Recommended,314230,32321042,Posted: 10 June,all,Venom7808,"Good game! this is a good game, few bugs its still in development but im exited for the future of the game it has a great future!7/10"
,Recommended,314230,28998472,Posted: 3 January,all,crashport,"as an avid fan of space simulators and stories of the galactic type, i have to say this is an amazing game by early access standards. im excited to see where it goes from here. definitely recomend."
76561198120470994,Recommended,314230,28695024,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Doomakarn,"I enjoyed the game for the first time playing until a fire started on my ship. I had to reload my ship whilst the fire was onboard, ontop of that the extinguishers were where the fire was at.I enjoyed the game until it was impossible to survive fires.I am not sure whether to recommend or to not, I would hopefully like the fire to not be thicker than smoke soon in the future of this game."
76561198054614970,Recommended,314230,28769890,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[FOR] Sulo,"Great indie space game. dev is very responsive, both on steam and social media, and has not stopped updating since releasing the game. I can only see this game getting better."
76561198080222358,Recommended,314230,29509384,Posted: 26 January,all,Shafloo Noir,i love this game. and not just because its in space.this game is really fun but it could be more fun if it had multi player.
,Recommended,314230,17657083,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mr. Murdoch,You will hate fire in this game.Seriously
,Recommended,314230,29409215,Posted: 21 January,all,Yourdude,"This is a fantastic game. Sometimes the gameplay can get quite repetitive, however, the exploration aspect makes up for this minor detail. I am glad to see how this game turns out in the future."
76561198040148312,Recommended,314230,31123514,Posted: 13 April,all,Jabba3000,Amazing game as it is.And it is going to be more amazing with more features and content to come.
76561198307798486,Recommended,314230,30271206,Posted: 1 March,all,mrsevilla.,"Needs some fixing, but ok"
,Recommended,314230,24666141,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Woodcutter,"This game has begun to recieve updates at a semi-regular pace again. Which is a step in the right direction.Although I find myself personally not enjoying the game as much as I first did, I can reccomend this to anyone looking for cheap and short getaway to space."
76561198361451276,Recommended,314230,30446642,Posted: 11 March,all,TheGreenMarrow,This is one of my favourite games and it's in early access. 100% worth the money. The content that there is at the moment is amazing and the content for the future looks just as good.
,Recommended,314230,27809823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CrazyLittleNinjaDude,"A great game, would recomend to anyone."
76561198079696676,Recommended,314230,34799911,Posted: 7 September,all,agm.wallace,"Rodina is a vast and enjoyable space exploration game that incorporates an awesome sense of scale and setting into a great experience. The space combat section of the game is generally pleasing to play and I found shooting down Xeno aliens rather satisfying, however the first person combat on the surface of planets can be a little clunky at times. But, I have faith this will be smoothed out in upcoming releases. Rodina is an intensely atmospheric game and the music score is brilliant, giving a sense of a heroic space rogue. I was enchanted by the sudden atmospheric change, especially in the game's score as I came across the planet Morena for the first time, and this only become more magical as I decended to it's surface, accompanied by the soundtrack. The planet's themselves, despite the game's retro style graphics are absolutely huge and lose no detail in the process, with winding canyons, plains and mountains included. Even a terrain glitch I found looked majestic. In all a great space exploration game that should get more attention and I am excited for it's potential in the future, what this already strong game could turn into after early access. Definitely a good buy."
76561198095408875,Recommended,314230,25004954,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,lacy_ryan,What a blast! Exactly what I've been looking for.
76561198133206467,Recommended,314230,33764197,Posted: 24 July,all,CAM,"Oh my, i  l o v e  this game.  you get to fly around in a space ship shooting some bad guys like a badass.  You get to explore some planets while listening to a soundtrack that really immerses you into the experience of the game.  I love how every second of landing down on one of the planets you have a constant fear that a giant swarm of enemy fighter ships will surprise you and you'll have to run back to your ship before it explodes.  The story is kinda not finished but everything so far that they have given us is amazing. 10/11 you should definitely buy this to support the developers."
,Recommended,314230,34105459,Posted: 8 August,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"this is a game that basically proves you dont need all of these shiney colors just to make a greate game, plus game doesnt force you have this super computer to run it, I love the old style in this game and hope it stays that way"
76561198035661974,Recommended,314230,34115874,Posted: 8 August,all,hunter5394,"I have had this game now pretty much since it first became available and fell in love with it immediately. At the time it was a  relatively simple game with simple mechanics but I was impressed but what was there. now after not playing the game for some time I am delighted to see all of the wonderful updates that have been added since I last played and it feels like a new game now! If you love indie space exploration/adventure/shooters, then this is a must have!"
76561198362119245,Recommended,314230,34218375,Posted: 13 August,all,The Not So Stealthy Ninja,"This is a game where a planet feels like a planet. I always like the fact that is I park too far away from the stuff I have to collect, it is a long walk back. Also, the combat is interesting. It is 1 straight missile, a ♥♥♥♥ ton of bullets, and 2 blasters. This game is going to be very good in a couple of years, but I highly recommend it right now."
,Recommended,314230,34501981,Posted: 26 August,all,Stranger,Great Game!Massive Solar systemCustomisable shipFun to pilot the shipbut would love multiplayer
,Recommended,314230,35212683,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,planet sized planets
76561198095522613,Recommended,314230,35249720,Posted: 27 September,all,Scary-Jello,"If i could describe this game in one Bill Wurtz reference it would be:""wow, that's... big."""
,Recommended,314230,17195614,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NordLead,"Great potential, wish it had Steam works"
