user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,314320,14174312,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"I don't know if this is still ""Early Access"" but NO UPDATES have been done in well over a year (11/2014). The developer is MIA and the game is full of bugs.The game is a direct ripoff of Game Dev Tycoon.  The developer is apparently MIA and no updates have been done since November of 2014.  The developer (and/or moderator) doesn't allow any constructive criticism of the game on the boards.  I, like others, were permantently banned in the early goings of the game for bringing bugs to the attention of the developer.  They were done politely, but the moderator/owner takes criticism personally for some reason.Look at this strange exchange between a moderator and a guy asking to change his review from negative to positive:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029818396/recommended/314320The same moderator also actively engages the community negatively by starting ridiculous topics designed to incite:http://steamcommunity.com/app/314320/discussions/0/35221031615875135/and:http://steamcommunity.com/app/314320/discussions/0/35221031614566266/The forum for bugs has the title ""you break it, we fix it.""  That's an AWFUL mentality for a developer.  Bugs are not mistakes make by the user playing.  They are made by the developer.   That doesn't mean that they aren't expected.  Of course they are.  Especially in an Early Access game.  But even insinuating that the bugs in an early access game are the fault of player is insanity.And, no, being in the same genre does not mean you're automatically ripping off a game.  Some people in the comments have argued that I'm saying being in the same genre makes it a ripoff.  It doesn't.  But the game play and graphics are nearly identical.  Whereas a game like Mad Games Tycoon is in the same genre but completely different in graphics and function.The developer promised an update was coming soon this last October (2015).  No word from the developer since that time.If you like these types of games, give Mad Games Tycoon a try.  The developer constantly updates the game (it's early access, but he takes advice from the community and updates his games often)."
,Not Recommended,314320,11674666,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,murderbits,"I bought GamersGoMakers based on reviews stating that it is a more complex Game Dev Tycoon.In my experience, the only added complexity is in the reviewable detail like spreadsheets showing current trends and company history.Everything else, however, feels less polished than Game Dev Tycoon (which I also found to be a far from ideal game).First, the user interface is sometimes confusing. Does that green checkmark mean I need to click it to activate it? Or does that mean itisactivated? Oh, okay, that means it *is* activated. On other dialogues and interfaces -- oops, wait, come back! I didn't mean to skip that question or step! You're also forced into full-screen. For casual simulation games like this, I'd prefer to use a small window while I do other things. With GamersGoMakers, you can have full-screen or windowed mode. Both will take up your entire screen (in my case, on a 2560x1600 screen). Yes, there is a lot of information in the interface, but there are far more complex data-driven presentation games out there that I can play at something other than full screen, if I wish.Second, the game play itself is essentially the same as every other iteration of this genre. Research tech, train skills, name a game, select genre and focuses for game, click button and watch while the money rolls in (or doesn't). Repeat and rinse until you're bankrupt (no way to take bank or private loans or anything else - when you go negative for a year, you're toast) or until you have enough money to invest in a bigger building and more employees and advertising campaigns.Third, and what kind of drove me nuts over everything else, are the incoherencies. The game starts in 1980 and can be started in the 80s, 90s, or 00s, if you prefer. In the beginning, the only graphical technology which exists is ""text based"". You'll see something like the current 1980 trend being ""race simulators"". So, you might create a race simulator using the currently available technology. The game will bomb -- probably because you didn't invest enough focus in graphics (as per the game reviews for your product). You know, those sexytext basedgraphics that really drive racing simulators of 1980.If you play through production of a few games (which feels like it is always based around entirely random generation of events and desires, no matter how senseless) you'll reach the point where an ESRB-style ratings board appears. Only, not so much like the ESRB, because while the ESRB has no legal authority and are a voluntary industry ratings system, the ratings service in the game apparently has the capability to legallybana game in America, for ""excessive language"".That's right. A game developed in the US for a US market is banned in the US by a ratings service for its language. For those unfamiliar with the first amendment and repeated court decisions over the decades upholding it, let's put this into context: Only two games haveeverbeen ""banned"" in the US. Ever.  One was an adult title in 2005 which, due to an under age (17yrs) model being revealed, was taken off the market and the other was anarcadegame which was ""banned"" due to defective peripheral parts which were potentially dangers and therefore recalled for safety issues. In other words, neither was technically ""banned"" and certainly no game has ever been banned due to language or violence or legal representations of sexual situations. While this may seem like a small thing, it's an annoyance and representative of countless incoherencies in a title which otherwise asserts itself to be an engaging simulation of an industry, sectioned into characteristic decades.Over all, it is not a terrible game. I just can not suggest it over Game Dev Tycoon at a full $10. Frankly, I can't suggest Game Dev Tycoon at its full price, either. Both are very lack-luster games; GamersGoMakers more so. I would really like to see someone put in the work to produce a high quality game of this genre and subject, with the depth and complexity and coherence that it really deserves. As it is, every one of these that I've encountered are little more than a cheap mobile phone quality distraction."
,Not Recommended,314320,18377885,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Syntax Error,"I used to enjoy this game when I bought it, now it's been about 3-4 months since I've played it.In about 6+ months there is NO patches to fix bugs, and these bugs can lead up to crash and game not saving.As stated 6+ months ago and still no patch, I would not recommend buying this title.Current state, even though it is a full release, it is not even in a polished beta stage.Project is dead.DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,314320,15987475,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gnarly,"It's seriously a bug fest. Half of the time I don't get paid by publishers, the other half my game projects simply stop at 100% and I can't release and have to quit the project and lose money. Can't make it past 4 years due to all the bugs.Seems like it's a ""done"" product as well so no more patches.Don't buy."
76561198020822205,Not Recommended,314320,20739650,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Y'Golonac,Broken and Abandoned. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,314320,11908512,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,BETTY,A more complex version of Game Dev Tycoon which is a plus but the user interface is too clunky. It lacks polish and ease of use.
,Recommended,314320,12419694,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Raptor Jesus,"I was curious of the other Game Management games out there. I started out with Game Dev Tycoon (Throughly enjoyed that game with 200+ hours), then I tried Game Tycoon (Which is absolutely dreadful, don't waste your time and money. You're better off wiping your butt than spending it), I tried GameBiz 3 (Enjoyed it for its gameplay but hated it for its extremely poor UI and sales restrictions), and I played Game Dev Story on iOS (Which is great for on the go. I enjoyed it for its simulation, but not very much for its management and lack of interaction). So one day, I came upon this game and I decided to give this a shot.Pros:-Very detailed! I like how they really invested into what goes into a game; such as system design, content design, sound design, game writing, network, ect. The list goes on.-Game Reviews appear like actual reviews.-You can create your own Casing! This is honestly my favorite part of the game, hands down. None of the other Game Dev games ever did this!-Competitors; more specifically they affect you in so many factors such as affecting your game releases, console releases, ect. You can even buy them out and have them develop their own projects but still receive an income or you can have them help you out in your own projects!-More indef development. You can have voice actors, stunt devils, and so much more!-This game has a lot of humor! The names of the actors are reversed in such a great fashon!-Sales Charts are detailed and give you great statistics.-You can choose your starting location! With each starting location, you get seperate perks!-You can choose your own price! This should already be a given to any GD game!Cons:-If you do poorly in the game, the reviews will just tell you ""You should focus on so and so more,"" It doesn't give you a plus minus system like GDT does. What makes it even worse, is that when you develop another game of the same genre, it doesn't tell you what was something you weren't suppose to do, you have to pull up another menu to do so.-The UI is very much confusing and requires so many menus to open for information. If you wish to replace another employee you have to basically write down the levels of each employee and what they are good in. It should automatically tell you this instead of menu hopping.-Graphics are very uninspiring. Everything is basically a still image.-The notifications takes up about 1/5th of your screen. It doesn't need to be that big. Whats worse is that if you wish to look a previous notification, you are bombarded by what other notifications of irrevent games from irrevent companies. You also can't go back very far in time.-Upgrading and researching are such a time consuming waste. You can't unlock the publishing office until the early 2010s. To make this seem even more terrible, you can't unlock your hardware lab until the 7th gen (X360, PS3, WII), around 2004-7ish. You can't make a retro console. The game won't even tell you if you can even research more technology due to the bombardment of the nofications.-Buying new offices are basically the same as the last bullet point, half of the stuff you wish to create are locked off until the later 2000s.-Early game start is virtually impossible unless you know what you're doing. There are no wiki's or any source of information from what I looked on the internet about what makes a game good. I had to revert to the steam forums for an JPG about what you invest your points in.-Custom Consoles sell COMPLETELY POORLY! It took until my forth console to even get to a 10% marketshare whereas my competitors are at 25-35%. Which also makes no sense, the marketshare exceeds 100%, how is that even possible!?-By later game, around 2000s, it slows down tremendously and begins to feel repeatitive.-Genre and game selection is confusing. You can pick an Action Genre but you have to pick a sub-Genre. EX: Action-Beat em Up. Then you create a story with it. Then those stories are locked for the genre specific game. If I wanted to create a Military Action RPG, I can't. I can only use Military FPS.-------------------------------------------Final Verdict: Better than Game Tycoon at least!I do absolutely love the details this game gives and the constant updates from the developers! This game has a LOT of potiental, but it won't reach it's peak unless it continues to receive patches and updates. The UI DEFINITELY needs some work. Although points of the game felt repetitve, I never really felt bored. I was interested by how the market works and the constant interaction you're doing. The case designing is by far the most innovative feature of this game; its what should be EXPECTED in a Game Dev game. But it needs to be more interesting, a bit more dynamic!!I'd recommend giving this game, at the very least, a shot or a try. It's well worth its price point of $10 USD. It's not a game for everybody, but you may find it very enjoying."
,Recommended,314320,11610038,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nintendy,"For someone who plays Tycoon games a lot and has also played Game Dev Tycoon, which this game is kind of like, this is really difficult, to master this game is challenging, but it sure is fun to play, it also makes you think, what would happen if this game and Game Dev Tycoon mixed up together to make one game?But this game is really great, though it does act very familliar to Game Dev Tycoon.People who don't own Game Dev Tycoon = 9/10People who do own Game Dev Tycoon = 7/10 (Buy on a sale if anything)"
76561198007303672,Not Recommended,314320,31846675,Posted: 19 May,all,Renrul,Dont buy it.  The developers had a falling out and wont be working on fixing the gamebreaking bugs.  was a fun game til the last update they did caused bad bugs.
,Not Recommended,314320,24101945,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lovesan,"The game was growing very fast, and becoming one of the best, but they gave up. If they had pushed on, they'd have made it big. I almost tried to install the game and pick up their game assets & try and finish/polish some stuff for them, but I quickly realized that'd be almost impossible. I really wish someone could finish it.Don't buy this game, they gave up on it, so should you."
76561198055767367,Recommended,314320,12460386,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,"Very addictive game.  I would say I like it as much if not better than Game Dev Tycoon.  Pretty much the same just with a diff look and slight diff feel to it.  It is still in EA so if your uncomfortable with that just wait till it hits beta or something.  Its still a very fun game atm not even finished.  I just hit $1.2b with my company ""Next"" and all I sell are adventures, war strategies and consoles.  This is my third play threw so far and best as well.  I finaly know what im doing lol.  The trick is to focus on 2-3 diff game types, ex: adventure, strat and rpg or something then just juggle them around so you dont build the same type back to back and youll make plenty of money this way."
,Not Recommended,314320,20819465,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,☭ jumin121 ☭,This game when it first came out had alot of promised and I was quite excited for it. But as time went on there was little to no positive interaction with the community and the developer abandoned this game. Furthermore recent events have made it clear that the developer just sees the game as free money and doesn't really expect to do much of anything and get reward out of it.
76561197993268831,Recommended,314320,11609328,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,JDM,"A lost of people are saying that it is a ""ripoff"" of Game Dec Tycoon, and I have this to say first and foremost. I've played Game Dev Tycoon and yes, this is somewhat similer, but it is NOT a rip off of it. It has similer graphics, yes, and similer machanics, but it is different in a lot of ways. Before you criticize it, you should actually jump off your high horse and play it, or the demo. Grow up, you fan boys.Now to the review.This game is pretty entertaining, I've been playing it for a few hours, and it is addictive. You can take your company from being one of the first, to the best of the best. I started with 150K and after a few hours I am up to 80 Million, My company is the #1 company in the world inside the game, by simply following the ""Call of Duty"" game plane of making the same game every time and just changing the name and the storyline. Overall, it's a good game."
76561198009903018,Recommended,314320,11609729,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Corwin86,"A LITTLE UPDATE: the game has improved since release, and the developers really work on it. Today is really an alternative for Game Dev Tycoon or GameBiz.---So, in brief...An interesting game, and the price is correct, I think.Don't expect SO much variation in comparison with Game Dev Tycoon, but it introduce some interesting possibilities.The main problem about this game is that it appear, overall, a little ""rough"": it don't ""push"" in any direction and it seems a little buggy (logically: sometimes a game appear to sell very little in comparison with their rating. But it can be surely solved.).If you want a little of something (in better), get Game Dev Tycoon (I know about Game Dev Story, but I haven't it, so I cannot say about it).If you want a REALLY better logical and realistic game (but with poor graphic), get GameBiz (3, or the new when it will be out).I recommend it, BUT, for now, it's a project still a little ""incomplete"".But, also, it's not overpriced, and it's funny to play."
76561197974049809,Recommended,314320,11609582,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Leon.BackGD,"Ok, after playing 3 or 4 hours, I found that there were more bugs than I had expected.I will still give it a thumb up and I believe these problems will be fixed soon,BUT BE AWARE of the lack of polishing before you considering buying the game.========================================(Old review)+ Detailed Game Making Stimulation+ The first game industry stimulation I have played with interactive game industry and market in the game (though I didn't play many of this kind of game other than Game Dev Tycoon and Game Dev Story...- Developer seems not very experienced with graphic and sound design, and didn't find a good way to cover this disadvantage- In some area, the game is too detailedClearly, the developer gets some ideas from GDT. However there are his own thoughts in this game, many of which are desired by players of other game industry stimulation. IMO, this is a stimulation game with great potential.But still, whatever reasons the developer has, he really should establish his own graphic style, which could definitely save him tons of trouble."
,Recommended,314320,12642314,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,silnimare,"Seems to me to be more bare bones and grindy than it's counterpart, Game Dev Tycoon. Despite this, the mechanics and systems are delightfully in-depth, while still being easy to use, and the learning curve is rather nice. The price of things could use some re-balancing, and the cover art options does wear thin at times, but still fun. Would recommend if you like business or game-making sims."
76561197971043638,Recommended,314320,11624059,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Melrick,"I’m simply going to talk about this game, instead of talking about how it’s a carbon copy another game called “Game Dev Tycoon”.  It’s not, but let’s concentrate on the game at hand.GamersGoMakers (not a great name, I know) is made by a small indie development team, and graphically the game is simple and cartoonish, which is to be pretty expected.  The graphics do the job enough, though, because pretty graphics are not the most important thing about management sims, which is basically what this is.You can start your game from several points through history, but I think you’ll get the most out of it by starting back in 1980.  You begin your career as game developer as a one-man/woman team.  Over time – with success and no small amount of luck – you’ll expand into larger premises which enable you to open specialist departments, such as a design office, a development office, a sound studio, etc.  You’ll have to hire staff to fill the positions, who help you to make your games.  Your staff – yourself included – have skill stats, which you can improve by doing training as well as through the act of making games.  The higher their stats, the higher their wage, but if you want to be churning out those big AAA games then you’re going to need the best you can find.  Don’t be afraid to fire people so you can hire better staff members as they become available.You can choose from an increasingly wide range of game genres, such as action, adventure, strategy, etc, most of which also expand into other options, such as ‘action, shoot-em-up’.  You need to decide where to place your emphasis with the game, such as graphics, game play, AI, sound, etc.  For example, shoot-em-up actions don’t require a lot of emphasis on writing, but game play and graphics are very important.  At first, you’ll be making games with the wrong emphasis in the wrong areas, but as you gain experience and can hire a producer, you’ll have a better idea of what to do.After you’ve finished your masterpiece, you release it to the world, where you’ll get your all-important review.  You’ll get rated out of 10 for your game play, graphics, writing, etc.  The higher the better, of course.  But you’ll also get a percentage score out of 100.  Anything over probably 70% you can consider you did okay; anything under is a swing and a miss.  Lastly, you’ll get some comments on the pro’s and con’s of your game.  A few dud games in a row early on in your career can send you bankrupt very quickly.  Consequently, the early years are the most difficult and precarious.As of the current version – which I believe is version 1.1 – there are definitely bugs in the game.  But it’s not just bugs that are the problem.  It’s not very intuitive or informative in telling you what areas you need to be emphasising and what areas are unimportant, even after you’ve made games in that genre a few times.  For a comparison, “Game Dev Tycoon” reveals more and more information on a genre the more times you do it, until you have a very good idea indeed on what you need to do.  It not only tells you what’s important, but what’s not important.  GamersGoMakers doesn’t make that clear enough in my opinion.The good thing, though, is that the developers have expressed a desire to release patches and even DLC’s so I’m hopeful that the worst of the problems will get ironed out.If you’re like me and played “Game Dev Tycoon”, liked it a lot but also found it a little frustrating because of how limited it was, then you’ll like this.  If you’ve never played “Game Dev Tycoon” but are interested in the idea of becoming a game developer bigwig then you’ll like this game.  It’s not perfect but patches will certainly go some way towards this, and even as it is, I find it a lot of fun and rather addictive!"
,Recommended,314320,11605800,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Wacky Tobacky,"This is a fleshed out version of Game Dev Tycoon. It has a lot more content in comparison but lacks in polishing. It's also more complex. There are more areas you need to take into consideration when developing your game which can get confusing. The soundtrack is varied and pretty decent, the art style is literally the same as GDT and the gameplay is nothing too special. Overall I prefere GDT but I wish it was as fleshed out as GGM.In a perfect world, both GGM and GDT would have a baby with the gameplay of GDT (how I miss those bubbles...) and the content from GGM. Unfortunatelly we're left out with 2 amazing games that could have been that little bit more to make them perfect. Having said this, GGM is totally worth your money, you won't regret it if you're into this type of video games.And no, this isn't a rip off of GDT, the art style is a copy paste but the gameplay is entirely different. Same concept and genre, different execution."
,Recommended,314320,12749288,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CAPITAL LETTER MAN!,It's Game Dev Tycoon 1.5. Worth 10 bucks if you thought GDT was.
,Recommended,314320,11609759,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,netzone23,This game is awessome!  People keep comparing it to Game Dev Tycoon and its not some clone the game play is completely different in GDT.  The only thing those two games share is the graphics looks similar to GDT.  I love this game.  I started playing  wondering if it was just some clone and I was surprised to find it is a great addicting game.  I already played to 2018 now I'm going to replay the game on hard mode.  If your wondering should you buy the game just go play the free demo at the dev's website.
76561197978970739,Not Recommended,314320,22804118,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MISG,unfinished game that was never completed.  Play other game dev game they are better.
76561198042144141,Recommended,314320,12585601,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,hhconsult,Its Game Dev Tycoon with many more awsome thing to do. Many of the things I installed mods for Game Dev Tyconn are standar here like setting priceses. I also love that you buy every room in you company. It also has some downfalls. Its harder wich is good for some worse for others (start in the 80s) and it looks worse and lack animation. But it is still worth the buy.
,Recommended,314320,11702134,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,エミル ™,Yes it kinda looks like Game Dev Tycoon but GamersGoMakers has way more features and im sure that if u liked Game Dev Tycoon u would love GamersGoMakers
76561198008478454,Recommended,314320,11606518,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,tmusson90,"1st off I am going to avoid making comments regarding its art design in comparison to games in the same market as this (i.e. Game Dev Tycoon), but rather focus on the game itself and will confess I have not made it to the 90's onwards.So far from my play of the game (a couple of hours so far) I have found it is much more in depth than its rivals such as Game Dev Tycoon, with much more categories to consider during game development including the amount of swearing. violence and sexual content that can cause your generate age restrictions and even banning the sale of the game in certain counrties.I have found it sometimes is going into too much detail with parts of running a company is not necessary for instance the wallpaper of your office and the box art of your game are features I think could have been missed out and does not help the game is clucky at times with you having to press the X to close every notification rather than just pressing anywhere on the screen (I know I am being picky there sorry)The game to me gives way too many notifications to the point that side is filled with information that is mostly no longer relevant for instance news of new research available that I have researched already, training I have already completed and telling me of previous trends, in my opinion it should automatically delete if the news is old news (or atleast have an option to hide that information).One issue the game suffers from is that it has double has multiples of the same decisions for instance you have to chose between what you should focus on for instance A.I., engine, graphics, but has both sound and sound design to choose from (surely they are the same thing), this section is in my opinion to challenging I have managed to get 2.3 rating for parts that 50% focused on that feature (could do a beter job of showing how to create good games)The game also suffers from bugs with some random text error notification asking me to contact the dev on such an such email address and to me the publishers do not work fully with me not recieving royalites after launch only the contract payment agreed to and had one case where I did not even recieve that and pretty much bankrupted me in the process.Also I do find its development system deciding is done way too early in the process, it ends up with you just watching the screen through most of the game development, when its rivals stagger the process more so that you have decisions to make throughout the development cycle.There is much more I can talk about with this game so far, but I have written way too much as it is (sorry). I would say this game has amazing potential by offering a more indepth game dev than most of its rivals, however some of its ideas are either not necessary, overly complex or too bunched together in the dev cycle.Overall I like the idea of having a more indepth game dev product, I just think the game needs some kinks ironed out and some features adjusting or possibly being removed for instance box art. Sadly in its current form I cannot recommend it to anyone, but I have faith that it can become a true rival in this genre in time.(sorry if I was too harsh)**I may do a new review if and when my opinion changes or get much further into the game than I currently am**p.s.. sorry again devs."
,Recommended,314320,12015658,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,neves768,"This game is better than Game Dev Tycoon. You can buy studios, choose what the studio can do and more.What's the future of it? I can imagine more!The development team can make something more in future? Like 3D World, game preview... Think: You're making a funny game and after would can see someone crazy with funny face hahaha :)"
,Not Recommended,314320,18372037,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,George Jar Jar Martin,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing ripoff of other and better games ... Also the game is really bugged and not at all polished, and it seems to have been abandoned so don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥go check out Game Dev Tycoon instead, coz it's the EXACT SAME ♥♥♥♥ING GAME but not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ ... ♥♥♥♥!Don't play, even for free!"
,Recommended,314320,11702064,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,ThE)Hurricane,Really fun! A GamDev 2.0? :-)
,Recommended,314320,12511193,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CommieBastard,PROS- More in depth game creation.- Reviewers are harsher but tell you what you did wrong- Wicked Soundtrack- Dat 80's interior design- Competition to face off againstCons- Can't look at what you did wrong in a previous game so get a pen and paper ready- UI could use a little workIf you're looking for something besides game dev tycoon this is the game for you.
,Recommended,314320,11627305,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Jezza,"I saw a company named 'LucasFarts'............. 11/10 ""A must play""No, but seriously this is a pretty good game and is definitely not a rip-off of GDT. This game has much more content and has a longer learning curve. It's still rough around the edges for instance the UI, but hopefully the dev's will improve it later on. Beware there are still bugs so if you think you can't handle a not fully polished game with a few problems, hold onto GDT until a few more updates.But seriously, 'LucasFarts' didn't persuade you to buy this game already?"
,Recommended,314320,11621833,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,The Red King,NOT A COPY OF GAME DEV TYCOON. Its way better. Yes i have both.
,Recommended,314320,11874873,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,RosErPolla,"GamersGoMakers is an excellent Game Making Sim.With qualities that older Game Making Sims have and it's own qualities.We have a complex game, at first hard to understand, but of course If you MasterGamersGoMakers It won't be a problem.We have three levels:Easy, Normal and Hard.I have to say that in 1.1.2 version there is an enormous hole in easy to normal,normal it's so hard if we compare both.We become Game Developers since (1980, 1990 or 2000 you choose it) passingthrough the story of gaming.At this point we are alone, but the more money we have, the more peopleworking for us we'll have(If we contract them of course).We operate like a KickStarter Company and our objetive is be the better of all,yes, of all. I say this because the implement of rivalry, you have to be the best,but you have to fight for that.When you are rich enough you can also buy some companies. They will be yoursubsidiaries and work for you!I will not say more, because the magic of this game is discover all by your ownmerit.I give the game 8.5/10It have some bugs, that if they solve them the game would be a 9.5/10It isn't perfect but I definitely recommend the buy.P.S: This company hear the people and implements a lot of ideas from us, so if youbought this game, and want something don't doubt about posting something in theforum:http://gamersgomakers.com/Vanilla/index.php?p=/And wait for the mods, it'll be so epic!"
,Recommended,314320,11824178,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,SlimPlay,"Addictiveness: 100I really enjoy this Game!It's extensive and challenging!And it's really nice/ and funny!But I wish more Visual Effects... Animations are completely missing. The Developer In-Game are completely lifeless.Also the Game ""ends"" very fast."
76561198032446810,Recommended,314320,11693316,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Tyuken,"While many compare this game to Game Dev Tycoon, I think it is completely unlike GDT, with only the graphics being comparable.GamersGoMakers has a wide array of stats that you can change up in a game to make the difference between a hit and a miss for your game. While each genre has a few ""needs"" that require more than average attention, it's fun seeing the difference in points makes. For example, when I focus on Level Design for my racing game, the review compliments the good track design, and when I don't it criticizes the track design.Your company has a huge effect on the game industry as well. When you release a very good game on a system when you have a lot of fans, you'll see a noticeable market share increase on the system you released the game on. For example, the relatively unpopular Ninfendo Gamecube actually outsold the Playsensation handily by my release of ""Tatris"" my totally awesome and original game.Overall, it's a lot more difficult to have a easy ""formula"" like GDT had (heck, it even has a calculator). If you are interested in this game, be prepared for failure, because this game is as harsh as the real game industry!"
76561198051689997,Recommended,314320,12328009,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,orenboren,"GamersGoMakers is quite a nice game, although it still needs some fine tuning - The developers are easy to contact via mail and are eager to make their game better and better - Updates are constantly improving the games and adding features.Many people like to compare GamersGoMakers to GameDevTycoon - So if I must, I like them both, they are similar, but not the same.It is difficult to grade the elements of this game, as it keeps improving!"
,Recommended,314320,11626173,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Apex Funplayer,"I went into this expecting a new interesting way to develop games in a game dev tycoon style environment, and was not disappointed.I enjoy this game quite a bit, and have been playing it for hours now.  I recommend this to anyone who enjoyed game dev tycoon.Minor gripes aside like slow response mouse control for some of the features, don't actually impact the overall gameplay of the game.  The main options work just fine in the game dev tycoon style dropdown menu.I do however dislike the expensive learning curve.  I've failed twice in the 80s, and haven't managed to make it to the 90s yet.  The difficulty of the default difficulty, is rather steep compared to game dev tycoon.I look forward to assisting the developers by helping them debug the minor bugs I run into.10/10 for game dev tycoon fans."
76561197971458548,Recommended,314320,11822940,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,pRabbit,"GamersGoMakers (GGM) is a step up from Game Dev Tycoon (GDT) - with only having a look at the screenshots you could legitimately think that it would be its direct successor. However GGM's complexity surpasses GDT's own - there's much more to do and much more to consider, wrapped up in mechanics not following the known paradigm in many details.Direct competition (which you can buy out later on to let them either continue developing their own games or support you with yours in certain aspects), detailed and helpful reviews, boni depending on where your company is founded, a lot of different room types like sound and motion capture studios and a lot of other differences and improvements indicate how much thought the devs put into their game.The UI however doesn't live up to the expectations. So many things are happening all the time that it is either not able to summarize everything in a well arranged way or it makes it a chore to actually get things done - want to train your employees? Open the staff window, click employee, click train, close window to do other stuff, wait, open window again, click next training option, rince, repeat. Finally everything trained? Don't worry, the game will throw several new training options for half of your about 14 emploess at you a minute later. A training queue for example would be a welcome addition.Also, the difficulty seems to be a bit unbalanced. The game is way too easy at the lowest setting, while the next level already gives you something to gnaw on your finger nails. Note: I don't mean the game is too difficult in the normal settings, I just think that the gap between easy and normal is too big - figuratively spoken you're thrown into cold water and almost nothing can prepare you for what the game suddenly has up its sleeves (I'm looking at you, 1985+ reviews D:).However these are flaws or issues I can perfectly live with. GamersGoMakers is a game that really surprised me with its quality. If you like this kind of games, go for it - you won't be disappointed!"
,Not Recommended,314320,24307749,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,lazatoy,"Review: GamersGoMakersWhat is it?GamersGoMakers is a Game Development Tycoon in similar vein to Game Dev Tycoon, Mad Games Tycoon, etc. Players will get their starting position in either the 80s', 90s', or 2000s', as they develop a wide variety of games in order to grow their studio and improve in game quality. Though it is very similar to other games, GamersGoMakers boasts different systems and more complex gameplay.The High Points (Pros)GamersGoMakers, for what it's worth, is highly addictive for me and some others, but for a bad reason I'll get into later. The ideas here are amazing, and with a little more time and effort could make for a much more competent and better-made game. Some of these ideas work - some don't. The addition of storytelling mechanics, more in-depth reviews, as well as community reviews are appreciated, even if flawed a little. This game also has a wide variety of platforms for your virtual self and team to develop on, which is also impressive. Licenses are an interesting idea, and while they could have added more, they're not terribly done. The development systems are quite interesting when they're not executed poorly, and the ability to get more features to help improve your games quality are interesting - not too well executed, but interesting, nonetheless.In Summary:-Addictive-Brilliant concepts-Cool featuresThe Low Points (Cons)This is where I begin to feel bad for GGM. For as cool as it's ideas are, the execution is very finicky. I'll go over them one by one, so hold on to your seats.1) The Rating BoardThis is a cool idea on paper but ends up being one of the worst executed parts of this game. Depending on the level of content (based on 3 categories) you put in your game, you can get an E-M ratings from a mock ESRB. Then again, the ESRB is actually an American rating system, with places like the UK having boards like PEGI in their place... surprise, those other boards are nowhere to be found in this game! That's a nitpick, sure, but if you're going to go for realism, then it should be hard to make that mistake.Another issue I have with this is that it doesn't really work too well. When I imagine a rating board in these types of games, I imagine a system to put more than just 3 things in that only shows you the results later on and is completely randomized based on your choices. Another surprise: that's not here either. You'll always know what rating your games will get, which takes any possible tension from this system out of the way.Ratings can affect many things, but the way this is handled is inconsistent and sloppy. If your games have an Adults Only rating, there's a 90% chance your game will get banned almost everywhere. If you're thinking about this logically, then you should realize rather quickly that there was no point in adding this rating to begin with. Your games can also be banned for having an M-Rated dose of Sexual Content in them... even though those same people can let other games by you with the same content slide without pain.The trick to getting good sales is to have a good balance of violence, sexual content, and language. You can hire a producer to do this for you, but producers in this game are almost completely pointless as they'll either shoot for the highest rating and get your game banned, or they'll do exactly what you were about to do, with the same results. I'm going to be honest here: I lied when I said that any of those 3 things can effect your sales. They don't, actually. However, even if this were true, the game only vaguely hints at it and nothing more.2) AwardsA good idea, but there's very little to it. I'll tell you this: there are only 3 awards you can get for a game in this game. The first is a Game of the Month, then a Game of the Year, and finally Bestselling Game of the Year. This sounds good on paper, but the stakes are never raised, so once you realize a pattern that works, you can abuse it, and if your fanbase is big enough, you have a pretty high chance of getting both a Game of the Month and Game of the Year. It just gets boring after a while, and that's sad.3) EmployeesHaving employees is not new to the tycoon genre, nor is it new this type of sub-genre. This said the way this game handles this time mechanic is just sad. As your studio grows bigger, you can move to more offices and buy rooms for new employees like designers and developers. The effect they have on quality is very little, with the best additions being the marketing manager, lab assistants (as they get you cool, new stuff). The only way for your employees to get experience, though, is through training. I once did a playthrough where none of my employees were above rank 5, and none of them had any specialties to them. Then I did another run where I spent time training them to ensure specialties. Can you guess what the difference between those two runs were? That's right!NOTHING!4) Non-Critic reviewsAnother good idea with mostly lackluster execution. I like the fact that the average score is always lower than the critic's score, but this said, the reviews themselves aren't particularly interesting or helpful. Chuck Norris jokes died a long time ago, and this game came out in 2014.5) Critic reviewsThis game is buggy... very buggy at times. It's easy to click on something that's not supposed to be there and then get an error message telling you to report it to an email address that's probably been long abandoned. None of these bugs are funnier, however than the review ones. I once had a critic say that my Point n' Click adventure game had a good combat system... a point that's reserved for action games.And, even without those silly bugs, there are a few inconsistencies, too. Like, for example I make an adventure game about students and school, and the reviewer then proceeds to tell me that my imaginary game has dungeons in it.... suuuuuuuure. Also, typos. This game has lots of them, and it hurts every time.6) Staff DayHere's something I only got on 1 run: staff day. I believe you get this ability if your studio is both a AAA one and has over 15 million fans. If you're lucky and patient enough to get to this point, then you'll quickly realize what I realized: Staff Day is almost meaningless. Basically, the staff plays the game to find out things that need to be improved. The issue is that there are only 3 options to choose from, and for the most part, they're not helpful. I once had an MMORPG, and I was told the gameplay sucked. Fine, but there's no option to improve that, and it could have been handy considering the game was panned for poor gameplay.7) Game EnginesThere is no point in making game engines in GGM. Why? Simple! While in games like Game Dev Tycoon there was time to build and utilize an engine before you had to improve it, here you get research opportunities fairly often, and even if there's a gap, it's probably taken up either by you waiting for the engine to be finished, or you waiting for the first game to use it to be complete. This sucks.8) Game developmentIn Game Dev Tycoon and the such, there was allot to hold your attention while you were making a game. Not so much here, though. It's easy for me to doze off in a podcast while I'm playing this because so little holds my attention... and I generally dislike podcasts!9) User Interface (UI)The UI in this game is, without a doubt, clunky. Sometimes, you'll be given boxes with a check mark and a red X. Both do the same thing, but this is never communicated to the player so, even if it was necessary, they'd never know.Also, let me not forget to tell you this: This game is abandoned! The dev will never do another update again... and it costs 10 bucks.Summary:-Bad execution-Bugs-Unfinished and abandoned-OverpricedFINAL SCORE: Dlol, nessa cary. Autocorrect gone wrong, that's for sure."
,Recommended,314320,12122872,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MF | DohItAgain,"If you liked Game Dev Tycoon, GamersGoMakers plays mostly the same, with much deeper gameplay and more controllable outcomes."
76561198054629304,Recommended,314320,11666619,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mentaplox,"So of course you are wondering... is this a GDT Clone? The answer is no.GamersGoMakers starts out fairly similar to GDT, but it starts to feel very different once you start really playing the game. I really like the interface for designing games. The ability to compare previous games of the same type helped put out some very nice titles.The devs seem very responsive to issues in the game (in my experience) which bodes well for any company and I have high hopes for them, and will definitely pay attention to future titles."
76561198132476688,Recommended,314320,11619024,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Alf,"A lot of feedback on this game is focussing on the fact that it is similar to GameDev Tycoon. Yes it does seem to be heavily influenced by GameDev Tycoon, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. GameDev Tycoon was a fun game, but the game never gave proper in-game feedback on why certain games were popular/unpopular, and players had to resort to the wiki page to figure this out. In GamersGoMakers you get useful feedback on games that you develop that allows you to alter and improve your strategy as you play.The user interface is a bit clunky, especially once you have hired staff. There is also less animation than in GameDev Tycoon. The game could be a lot better if the developers improves and streamlines the user interface some more and includes a bit more animation to make the game feel more tactile.Overall it is a fun game and probably worth the 10$, if you really like tycoon/management/simulation type games. If you are not really that into this genre, perhaps wait until the devs have improved the user interface."
,Recommended,314320,12670207,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,«|Qutaiskii///Gunner|»,really nice game but game need some bug fixes and new featuresfor example i was creating simulation sport game i dont know witch i need to mastersound content desing or what please fix it thanksfor this awsome game8/10 whaiting for new updates ^^
,Recommended,314320,11666048,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,morph113,"I really enjoyed Game Dev Tycoon and its a good game. Because of a lack of similar games in this category I have to compare those 2 games. This one has the same art style as you can see on the screenshots and it's similar in nature. But the content is quiet a bit different and for me it feels like Game Dev Tycoon 2.0. Creating a game is more fun and varied. You can even chose a game casing and the game review are much more detailed, informative and closer to reality than a 5 word review. And you don't play against yourself like in GDT but against competitors. I can only recommend this game to anyone interested in it or who liked Game Dev Tycoon."
,Recommended,314320,12643057,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Hardycool200,This is One of The Best on the Market Heres my ratingGameplay:7/10 Very indepth and complicated but needs more features(wich are coming!)Game Engine 9/10 Does not crash very much only time it broke was whem i messed with the files:)Graphics:4/10 Could be better but simple can be betterSound:10/10 OMG MUSIC IS EPICGame writing:2/10 Does not have very much of a storyAI:8/10 VERY good AIEaster Eggs:10/10 SO much to DiscoverUI: 4/10 Eh...Fun: 100000000/10 sorry cant talk got to play GGMHope this Helped-Hardycool200EDIT:This game only has like 1 bug the bug is if the GGRA is founded in the middle of your game your game will always be rated E but thats not really a bug
76561197991077842,Not Recommended,314320,11980376,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Slax,"Seeing as how my 1-hour-in review got marked as abusive by the devs (imagine that), let's try this again.This game isn't finished. Whoever decided that this was 1.0 worthy made a very big mistake.Once you figure out how to make money reliably (which isn't difficult) you'll just be breezing through the then seemingly meaningless office and crew upgrades. Once you hire someone, they'll be with you until the end. (Unless they somehow get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and leave, I guess.) You won't be able to fire anyone and replace them with someone more qualified. (Or maybe you can. Who knows with that mess of a UI.) Nope, not what the devs had in mind, it seems. Not that it matters much anyway. ""Leveling up"" mostly consists of repeating dirt cheap training courses again and again. Wait until the game gives you another similar opportunity, repeat.It's actually quite difficult to even remember all of the odd stuff going on with this game. You just sort of drone on after a while, repeating the same actions only to see your millions of dollars grow with nothing to spend any of it on. It's all a big, unfinished mess. The UI's held together with duct tape, many ""features"" are blatantly strapped on as an afterthought and you'll be drowning in typos and grammatical weirdness."
76561198007761167,Recommended,314320,11877559,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,geozero,"This game fits really nice between a casual game and a tycoon game.  I read the negative stuff and decided to d/l the game anyway.  I played Game Dev Tycoon since it came out in 2013.  It was fun and I found myself playing hours and hours... something I had not done in a long time.  Sure there's been a couple of ""similar"" games come out.  But I went ahead and bought this one for a few reasons:  1) at $10 bucks it's not bad.  If you figure that decent entertainment nowadays costs around $10/hour (like going to the movies) then you will get plenty bang for your buck.  2) It has some things that are a bit nicer than the Game Dev Tycoon game... charts, and other features, though  granted, not sure how it affects game overall... I am only playing it in EASY mode, so maybe in harder modes these features, like marketing, the box art, etc. have some effect.  But even if it doesn't it's kinda cool to design a basic product box.  I doubt we have seen the last of similar games in this genre.   They are definitely fun, and again, worth the small price."
,Recommended,314320,11971755,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,A. Blok,More fun and you can do more in GamersGoMakers that you can in Game Dev Tycoon. Maby Game Dev Tycoon was the fist but this make it more fun to play :) Can't wait to the next patch :)
,Recommended,314320,12399649,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lightwarden,This game is better then Game Dev Tycoon. but i wish it was easier. developers pls make a Super Easy Diff.
,Not Recommended,314320,25160100,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,benjiMeister,"God-awful. If you're looking for a more complex Game Dev Tycoon, don't buy this game because it is a UI nightmare, looks visually awful and is riddled with bugs."
,Not Recommended,314320,25241784,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bry142,Full of bugs and quite not fun. As a game overall I believe it has potential but due to the lack of innovated ideas it feels like a hassle to play this game.
76561198038785184,Recommended,314320,11611304,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,daniellewin13,"I love this game! It may not be pretty or have a great sound track but ithas the depth and bredth that Game Dev Tycoon lacked.This game does have a few minor issues but they are completely patchable and so minor it will take a while to notice them. One thing i like about this game is the abundance and usefulness of information you get when making and releasing games! Another thing to like is no sliders, just definitve icons bars, unlike in game dev tycoon! Also this games tutorial and tooltips are super helpful! The tooltips mean you don't have to check the wiki every five seconds like in GDT to figure out if the game is gonna bomb! Another things to love is competition. Unlike in GDT where you play against yourself, which gets progressively less appealing as time goes on. Another good thing is that you can only do training ONCE so that empoyee skills largely come from skill and experience, not infinite money and training. The technology branches in this game also make good sense but do not require pesky research points like in GDT. Also, when hiring staff you dont have to spend 200k looking for excellence. The employee pool can be seen and examined easily in the hire staff menu. Another thing i like is that employees can only work in one category so you don't have to deliberate over the proper roles of potential hires for 5min on the wiki. A nice feature is the competitive awards of the month/year etc which i feel are better implemented in GGM than in GDT. Another nice thing is that all the topic options are unlocked for the genre you slected so that one employee isn't always occupied researching new topics. Overall this game is an excellent competitor to GDT and represents a more competitive and player friendly approaoch than in GDT. I would definitely reccomend GamerGoMakers to anyone who loves industry sims or likes GameDecTycoon!"
,Not Recommended,314320,11717697,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,dubesor,"If you like game development tycoons I'd rather suggest looking into Game Dev Story or Game Dev Tycoon. During the short amount of time I played this I noticed a lot of bugs and error messages. Also the rating system seems very random and the interface makes it a hassle to successfully tweak your games. You can't look up old game reviews while deploying focus on game aspects which flat out ruins the game for me. I will give it another shot in a few weeks when they hopefully patched some elemental things. As of now: don't buy.Edit 1 year later: Game is still buggy, playing for 2 more hours I encountered 3 more gameruining bugs where the publishers don't pay you despite reaching criteria. Game is still incredibly nitpicky about Point distribution with too little feedback, it becomes frustrating. You will get 60-70% ratings early on and after you research more gamefunctions you will somehow get less ratings (30-50%) despite correct focus on gameaspects. The developer is nowhere to be seen and pulled a 'take the money and run'. Game is still buggy and unfinished. Don't buy."
76561198038940189,Recommended,314320,11604560,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Dromu,"At first look this game will remind you of game dev tycoon, at second look (like the trailer or demo) it clearly is a game off its own even tho it takes on the same conceptThe amount of charts and stats are a real nice addition as where they were sort of lacking in game dev tycoon, it gives you a  good amount off feedback on what you did wrong and some small hints on how to improveAlong the road of playing several new features will be introduced to you, like a Game of the Month award, Marketing, , boxart Expanding youre company with more rooms and the managment of staffThe one thing that is missing tho is making engines, it does not ruin the game and it is fine without this feature, but it sure would have been nice if it was added"
76561198007207141,Recommended,314320,11650449,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,slightly_jaded_95,"Okay Guys and gals, comparisons are going to be inevetable. This is game dev tycoon 2.... If y'know the same company actually wrote it. It plays like they took all the consumer feedback from game dev tycoon, and folded it into their sequal. Remember however this is not greenheart games....Pros*  A more in depth, slightly slower experience. to complete this game will probably take you most of the day*  The ability to take over competitors and force them to work for you is quite nice. Ever wanted to feel like EA?*  Game development is not only influenced by your dev time input, but mainly by the levels assigned to the project.*  Extra staff modifiers from art, and production departments was a nice touchCons*  Arbitrary violence/language/sex ratings. Do we really want mature themes in a game based on disney's lion king? or pokemon with misty getting it on? please don't answer that....*  Early game technology is tied to the time period, not your levels. leaves you without much control over what you're      actually developing.On the whole, a worthy successor, but with a lot of buggy gameplay design that needs to be worked out before this would be qualified as a ""good"" game.SJ"
76561198011237461,Not Recommended,314320,16776150,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Amused,This had a lot of potential.  Too bad it was never realized for whatever reason.  Game Dev Tycoon its not.  It's just a shady derivative with enough features to make you think they might have something.  Which they would have if they had finished the game.  It plays as smooth as ground glass.I give it a 4/10
76561198007359938,Recommended,314320,12854407,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Irishsaint,Really like it.  I fine it like a lot like game dev tycoon.... Its like a Better version.
76561197971583463,Not Recommended,314320,15169168,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ppj,"Boring, repetitive. Buy Game Dev Tycoon instead."
,Recommended,314320,11681178,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Mrfatpepper,"This game is Game Is like a Game Dev Tycoon butIts more complexmore challengingand in my opinion more fun,So out of all the review you will read about this game -- GamersGoMakers Aka Game Dev Tycoon2: Reloaded"
,Recommended,314320,11704668,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,UndeadBiscut,Good game way better then Game Dev tycoon.
,Not Recommended,314320,22413479,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Snacky McSnackerson,"How does this game have a ""Very Positive"" Rating? It's a really watered down version of Game Dev Tycoon, start up your company, choose what game to make, pay to have it translated even if irl you know certain languages, then make a really bad box art and choose if you want your game to have violence, swearing and sexual themes, and let me tell you, an action game where you're a wolf killing people? Needs a good amount of sexual content, apparently.Really, you just keep this on, but then you end up losing all your money and going into the files, changing starting cash to a butt load, starting a new game and giving up.So, this game gets a 2.7/10"
,Not Recommended,314320,11650849,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Frarmer Jawn,"The primary complaint I have seen with this game is its similarity in visual style to Game Dev Tycoon.  This sort of complaint really doesn't make any sense, as the content of these sorts of games is often more important than the presentation: so long as the presentation is relatively easy-to-navigate and allows for a good workflow, it's acceptable if it appears lifted from another game that has done it well before.  But does GGM add anything to the genre?Not really.  On the surface, it appears to be much more complex, with much more player control, however: a bug-ridden experience, clumsy UI, and lots of window-dressing all contribute to an illusion.  The reality is that the game is, at its core, a clumsier version of GDT that does right what it's lifted from its predecessor, and does wrong what it's contributed to the genre.  Therefore, the following won't be about what it does well, because you can read a review of GDT for that - it will be about what the game does poorly.The first major complaint, the one which will be most readily apparent to players, is the clumsiness of the UI.  Even before expanding to a new office, the player will have hurdles to overcome in unresponsiveness, incoherent navigation, and unnecessary obscuration.  The main office is cluttered with interactable props which serve no purpose but to give a secondary measure to accessing data which can be accessed by the player menu, except for one or two: even then, accessing data by the player menu is hit-and-miss, with mouse clicks sometimes not responding, and other times unreasonably delayed.The UI clears up somewhat at the development options, at least before you hire other workers to help you in your enterprise: relatively easy-to-manipulate areas of focus for the games, sliders for 'Violence' 'Profanity' and 'Sexuality', story genre picker and story budget; these are all options which present little-to-no difficulty in manipulating (though the story budget can be slow in response, and defaults in increment.)  The marketing screen is also straightforward and simple, and surprisingly the buttons click rather easily: at this point, as well, the game sale price per unit can be set.Once the player takes on extra workers, however, a further screen for work allocation is added.  This screen is a nightmare to manipulate: removing workers from a certain area of focus requires double-clicking on the worker's name, which shouldn't be a frustrating action, but is made so by a general lack of responsiveness as seen in other menus.  Allocating workers to specific areas of focus is even worse: you click, hold, and drag the worker's name to the area of focus, and need to hit the right spot (often not even where the box for the area of focus is) in order to allocate the worker.Perhaps, though, this clumsiness in UI could be offset by a wide plethora of options, giving players an unprescedented level of control over the games they develop?  At first, it appears so: there are multiple areas of focus that you must balance your time between - starting off with only a few options (Gameplay, Engine, Graphics, Sound, Level Design, Content Design, Sound Design, and Writing), but quickly conflating with the additions of UI, Scripting, World Design, UI Design, and Networking.  With 13 areas of focus, it may seem that the development of each game will be a complex process of determining where sacrifices can be afforded, and where they must be avoided.To some degree, it is: at the beginning, before you figure out the 'magic formula' for your genre of choice -- which changes as you add the further areas of focus, so that's something -- you will make mistakes and have to change your approach a couple of times.  After that, though, you'll find you're spending the majority of your focus on 1/3rd to 1/2 of the game development, which is hardly different from GDT.  Put simply, the thirteen areas of focus are unnecessary divisions for which there is little necessity, merely more content for the illusion of complexity.Similarly, worker allocation appears, initially, to be more complex than GDT: there are a lot of different areas of focus, so management of human resources appears to be something which may change on a case-by-case basis.  The only problem with this is that your areas of focus, especially if you stick to a genre (which is adviseable, as genre-switching is largely punished in a passive manner by the game), will not really change, so neither will your worker allocation.  The only added flexibility which this provides is that each worker specializes in specific areas of game development, but this is also something which occured in GDT.  Through real estate, though, you can hire enough workers to have specialists in each category, but after the costs of these human resources is offset by profit, one no longer needs to truly manage their employees in a meaningful way -- there is no room for compromise and challenge in that system.Surely, though, the greater flexibility in story, content, and pricing/marketing make up for this?  Not in the least.  The three sliders for violence, profanity, and sexuality seem like an interesting subdivision of 'E', 'T', and 'M', except that ratings largely have little to no effect on maximizing profit, and you will nearly always be pushed toward developing 'M' or 'Ao' games.  Further, once you translate, there's the potential for necessitating player creativity in balancing the desires of the puritanical, but ultraviolent English demographic, and the trigger-shy, but perverted German demographic.  This doesn't exist, as the content largely does not affect the sales to a huge degree, unless you go overboard.  You can leave half the demographic wanting 'more', and they'll still eat up a game over 75% like hot cakes.Story budget and story topic are unnecessary divisions from the 'topic' selection and 'story' slider in GDT.  The story budget has little to no effect on how well the reviewers will receive the story -- that comes from focus on the written content, at the areas of focus screen.  The topic selection is simply in a different place, and even following a current light or strong trend only results in a small discrepancy between profits from not following a trend.After story and budget, one can decide how the game is packaged: really, it's just a choice between what terrible set of 2000s flash-grade art you'll force on your customers, and the casing increases costs of distribution but has either little to no effect on sales -- this can't be confirmed, really, by the player, as there is no feedback given on what seems to be a largely aeshtetic choice without any necessity.The only feature that has been added which truly impacts gameplay is the pricing per unit option: this influences the profit margin and how well the game will sell.  Even this is done rather poorly, as the player will always be able to sell under average list, make a decent enough profit from distribution, and never have any incentive to play the market above the list price with a superior product.Finally, there are multiple bugs and poor design decisions in user interactivity.  Switching between rooms to access your employees is a chore at best, and breaks the UI for critical amounts of time at worst.  Employees will often bring up concerns or suggestions with the player: this would be fine, except that when two content windows pop up, the employee one is lost and relegated to the news sidebar, which is a pain to navigate.  Multiple offices impacts the UI lag even further, making the game a sluggish and unfun exercise.  There are several one-off training and upgrade options, but these have little impact on gameplay as a whole.At its core GGM appears to be a new, complex addition to the game development genre: when fully analyzed, it's little more than a badly-implemented clone, which would feel more at home in Early Access."
76561197991587929,Recommended,314320,11605331,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tim,"This game is fantastic! I have been watching for many months to see the progress and here are my impressions.It's similar in graphics to Game Dev Tycoon but it is NOT Game Dev Tycoon! While I was a big fan of Game Dev, there were a lot of things about that game that I kept on thinking would be great to have in this type of game. Well GamersGoMakers delivers in a big way!! It's got a wonderful ""feel"" to it. You start out small, and sell your first copies of your first game and you might be lucky enough to crack 1000 copies sold! Up to 10k copies, it keeps track of exact numbers and then rounds them off which doesn't bother me at all. After that, you can start to do a little bit of research and open up a few new options as you go. Your second game might be a hit, or it might totally tank! I made a game in the same genre and people had high expectations because I was doing the same genre again, and I totally failed. The game got higher scores but I made a lot of people upset because of my previous experience earned in the genre, it should have been better!My 3rd game ended up being a hit! 10K copies sold and I entered a new genre and it put me on the map and some money in the bank so now I was able to purchase training and researtch options! This was all in just the demo! I made a few more games and I found the pacing was excellent, you weren't rushed to get things done asap, you can take your time. Only want to make 1 giant game each year? Go ahead! Want to make 3 or 4 games quickly your first year and each of your first few years to get on the map? Go ahead! It's really up to you. You have so many options to choose from, even the country you want to start in each with it's own perks and bonuses.I did enjoy in Game Dev being able to make your own engine and while it's nice, it's not totally necessary. You have many skills which level up and I actually think the leveling up system in GGM is much better. You don't have skills level up very quickly, it takes a long time. I made 6 games and only a few skills had gone up by 1 level which is awesome. It makes you really focus on what you want to do as a company. Do you want to be a specialist in game design and sound? Go ahead! Prefer graphics, game engine and gameplay? Go ahead? Want to be well rounded? Keep it focused on spreading out points evenly!After 6 games I had marketing options and extra genres/sub genres open up. You don't choose the ones you want, they just open up over time which I actually quite like too because it's exciting to see which topic comes along next. I love the way you get to ""write"" your game story and you get to choose what the actual game will be about.You also get to design your game cases before you release and choose your selling price! There are lots of helpful indicators of how much games in your genre are worth at the current time, which ones are trending right now, you can choose to release in many languages if you want, you can risk a higher price if your game is trendy right now and it even tells you how many similar games to yours are on the market currently!! I can't even begin to describe all the content in this game but it's amazing and there's so much depth to it!Yes there will always be things people aren't happy with and there's always room to improve in everything in life but this game has really captured an amazing feel and I will be ranking it very highly! I love sim games and this to me has delivered on everything that I was hoping for!! VERY impressed with the game and the people that made it! I am giving it a 9.5/10 Simply amazing game!"
,Recommended,314320,11605475,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,aeroboxman,"If Game Dev Story created the big bang of the genre, and Game Dev Tycoon set the standard, then this game would up the ante, right? To answer that question, yes, very yes.Well for one thing the graphics look pretty good, however a select few console look a little unpleasant. The soundtrack is varied and sound great and the gameplay is sometimes challenging. There is some bugs, but that's fixable and only minor. Some of the features are confusing such as buying competiors (As of this writting I have no idea how to it). And the console amount is higher and more accurate than Game Dev Tycoon (Sega Saturn included).The verdict is that this game is great and sorta pushed the limit of this genre a tad further.7.6/10"
,Recommended,314320,11605823,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,MrEvilDr,"A great game. It's everything Game Dev Tycoon was and more. The only thing it's lacking is a decent UI - Game Dev Tycoon did it much better. There are a LOT of similarities in the graphics, to the point that they almost look exactly the same.This game has a lot more depth than Game Dev Tycoon - You get to choose some specilization from the start and can go your own way from there, building a team on the way. There's more to this than just sliding sliders up and down. I've only gone a little way into the game but it's definitely showing promise and just plays out as a kind of spiritual successor to GDT. The soundtrack is great too!I'm looking forward to playing further into the game as it's already very fun to play. For the price you can't really argue, I don't regret spending £7."
76561198093238201,Not Recommended,314320,16627349,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CALZONES R AMAZING (lightning),"I thought it was gonna be fun but I perfer Game Dev Tycoon more. Heck, I've even heard good things about mad game tycoon as well. If the UI and graphics of this game looked better with smoother animations and just overall better quality then maybe I would try this again. But overall I don't recommend"
76561198014749837,Recommended,314320,11618859,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,darkrajin,"I loved the game during beta, and it is even better now that it is complete, a great little game if you like time management game. PS when desigin a stratergy game for the second time. When you place points in to  game engine or others, you can right click them and it will give you more information, and or if that is good for that type of game)."
,Recommended,314320,18063034,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Grimlock Studios,"*******An End Of Year Apps Review********This game is actually pretty good. Reminds me alot of Game Dev Tycoon. But this game has some quilites that GDT does not. Like The ability to set the story line, Blood and gore, Bad language and sexual content bars. It also allows you to pick the box design that your game is going to be shipped in. The gameplay is pretty good. eventhough the sprite player doesn't move. It allows you to pick what you spend more time on. Graphics, sound ect. The reviews let you know what you could of improved on. When you game is off the market your fans tell you what they liked and disliked about it. EYA rateing 7/10"
76561197967526714,Recommended,314320,13963555,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Gen3D,"Similar to Game Developer Tycoon, but I like this game slightly better.  I've built my game company to a 2 billion dollar company and had a lot of fun along the way.  The price is right and the game tickles my inner geek!  Also, they have steadly improved the game via patches since release and it's even better if you haven't played in a while!"
76561198058926482,Not Recommended,314320,16253648,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Animerican,"This game has very similar features to other game dev tycoon games, but it was okay. The tutorial was excellent and thorough. I love that you can create more offices so that you create more advanced games. The reviews, after you make a game, are realistic and are multiple comments. So for the writing and scripting, this is a good game.However, I'm giving it a thumbs down because it gets somewhat confusing at some point in the game. For example, you have to keep track of which factors fit the genre of the game. (Ex. Adventure=High quality writing, Graphics, Level Design) It doesn't keep track of that; you have to do it yourself. I literally have scratch paper and writing down what each genre needs. Later on though, I feel like that doesn't matter. I developed a game in ACTION genre and you need to concentrate on Graphics, Sound, Gameplay and Level Design (around the beginning). So of course I concentrated on those fields and less in the other factors. Then when the game came out and judged me on the REVIEW SCREEN, it showed that my character didn't pay attention to the Graphics or Level Design. It's almost as if this is by chance.In conclusion, this game definitely has potential, but with bugs like that, it would kind of tick off a guy and make you take a break. I'm probably not going to play it for another day or two. I really felt like those notes I took meant nothing. You're better off trying to use your judgement alone as a gamer."
76561197996598275,Recommended,314320,11665881,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Biggins,"Very, very similar to Game Dev Tycoon.  I mean INCREDIBLY similar.  Game Dev Tycoon had a very distinct quirkiness and feel and this imitates it entirely.The content of the game is also very, very similar; making a good game is a clunky and unpredictable as it was in GDT and often makes little sense.  I received feedback that my FIFA World Cup licensed game didn't have enough sex in it, for example.  Most of the time you seem to be trying to guess whether the development team believes that a certain genre needs, for example, decent graphics.  For reasons that make little sense to me, this is considered very important in casual games.  And that kind of trend continues.Did I enjoy it? I suppose so, but then it just feels like a minor update to GDT and nothing more really.Being similar to GDT wouldn't be such an issue if they hadn't copied all of the flaws from that game in designing this one."
76561198076070773,Recommended,314320,11733907,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,justinashbringer,"While there is many bugs that can be found within this game and I believe it should of been marketed as a early release rather then a full game.   I do not regret my purchase and would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys Game Development Sim's.     The game has much to offer even with the current bugs.   So while I do recommend buying this game,  I also recommend waiting a few months to allow them to work out the kinks if such things frustrate you.   This is definetly a early release."
,Not Recommended,314320,14889239,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Perfect Gaming Future™,"What was once a brilliant game was surely ruined by an egotistical developer who is just after ""free money""Spend alot of time working on the game, creating PGF Expansion Pack. Most of my game time was simply due to testing the EP out.Wonderful game but has major flaws. I would love to recommend this title to you, but sadly its just money wasted.I've removed PGF Expansion Pack from the discussion page as well as the ability to download it after talks with the developer.Sorry everyone who liked the ""addon"""
,Recommended,314320,22542275,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,suka blet,8/10 feels like you can only make a living out of contracts and feel a little boring
76561197976327138,Recommended,314320,22396027,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,becephalus,"A fun little game, though maybe lacks a bit in detail and replay value.  The balancing of the different aspects of focus on game development is nicely done, though there are some holes in the overalll design (early on research new topics too quickly can cripple your games and your ability to advance.Could use some fleshing out of marketing and distribution and some better navigation options.  PLays at thimes a little like a tablet game and the UI leaves a lot to be desired."
76561198052274732,Recommended,314320,19571288,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,circuspandemonium,"Good game. These simulators are great but they need to be explored more. I would pay more for more content easily. One thig i want in this game or games like it is the ability to start out with a retro console. I want to compete in the early years with sega and nintendo consoles. More fictional ""next gen"" consoles would also be cool. In this game you can customize the look of the box art for game cartriges. Customization is the key to make these games fun. What does your game look like, what does your console look like, ect. Ability to effect the game economy is also important. Lets say my retro console is so good that i put Nintendo out of buisness. Lets say Sega makes it past the Dreamcast and becomes top dog in the console industry. What if Atari kept going? What if the X-box failed? All of this should be listed in a options menu that essentialy sets the coure for the game session. I think you shoul be able to start in 1978 and make simple games for Arcades. The sound track to this game is amazing. However it could benifit from DLC adding more content."
76561197999792111,Recommended,314320,17037229,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Christmas1,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314320,17113684,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zefph,"I've played a lot of Game Dev Story and Game Tycoon. Both are great games. But after being a bit sceptical about GamersGoMakers, mostly due to the absurd name, I decided to give it a go.It's worth noticing that using mods are crucial. There are some fantastic mods out there, that makes this game awesome.On to the gameplay. I simply just love the way the game plays. The competitors, the licenses, and the way you build your studio. It's  fun, and does it so much better compared to the other 2 mentioned game dev-games.This game is completely worth your time, and money if you're into these types of games."
76561198132217551,Not Recommended,314320,16543005,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DooplessDoopliss,If you own Game dev Tycoon then don't even bother with this game. Simple as that
76561198161640918,Not Recommended,314320,17039880,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TJ,It would be a good game if the games was on the iphone and cost about $3
76561198208551979,Recommended,314320,18740390,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The Wargods,"10/10. Best Game Tycoon game i've played.More realistic options then Game Dev Tycoon.100% Worth the cost, No Bugs or issues.Started with 50k cash, currently sitting at 13.4M & nearly 1M fans :) in the year 1994 (started in 1980)"
76561198122774591,Not Recommended,314320,15433640,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jx_demore,"Simply not as fun to play as Game Dev Tycoon.  Some of the ideas could have improved GDT, but the game flow and GUI is mechanical and takes away from the experience.  If you are considering the two, go with GDT.   If you've played GDT and are looking for an alternative to quench your thirst, this didn't do it for me..."
76561198116771580,Recommended,314320,19701390,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,mystikwaboose,10/10
69269369469569769,Not Recommended,314320,21761971,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DarkPixel,Its a pure waste of money
76561198027679394,Not Recommended,314320,11746722,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Timberwolfe,"Cumbersome, not user freimdly, shifting between offices is a drag."
,Not Recommended,314320,11616916,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Pip,"GamersGoMakers is in every way similar to Game Dev Tycoon.It feels like the developers saw Game Dev Tycoon, copied it, went further and deeper in the content but didn’t do it very well and the result was a much more complex and not so easy-going game.While it goes deeper in some aspects and gives much more feedback in the reviews, it also requires much attention and precision to come up with a good game. In fact, just early on as soon as you develop certain technologies like A.I and User Interface, it will be almost impossible to develop anything just above the average.GamersGoMakers also feels a bit unfinished and rushed and there’s no sense of progress throughout the game.The best is definitely the soundtrack – nice and cool soundtrack that fit the game perfectly.I would say that Game Dev Tycoon is still better as the user interface is more interactive and simple and despite not going so deep, it is simple and ends up being a better experience."
76561198012068872,Not Recommended,314320,12637157,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,oldeguy,Sad how this is trying to be Game Dev Tycoon. It doesn't pass the smell test.
,Not Recommended,314320,12277313,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zenith,"BEFORE GAME WAS DONE--------This game is fun and nice, it seems to have a lot of potential.This game looks like a rip off of Game Dev Tycoon at first but it is completely different besides the facts of making games. The game still has a lot of work to be done in my opinion, as I do find glitches frequently, such as when I level up or any othet extra pop-up appears, the game freezes, although this needs to be fixed, you can fix it by press Alt+F4.7/10Good, but has potentialEDIT-------This game, like I said, had potential, although It's unfinished. This game will most likely never be update. DON'T BUY THIS, you will most likely only play it 2 or 3 times, and then it will be a memory."
,Not Recommended,314320,15140207,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Snip(e)Rusher,"Just a clone of GameDev Tycoon? Hmm, yes... Something is better, something is mor uncomfortable... Booth games are good, but this game feels more like a clone of GameDev Tycoon..."
,Recommended,314320,25389090,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[LoD]Wise,Hello every one this game has had a rocky start but with the PGF mod then its a nice gamehttps://youtu.be/ViUxkJDnzYQ
,Recommended,314320,17161047,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,держи в курсе,Nice prosto nice ...
,Not Recommended,314320,14241953,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Thomas Clancy,Game gets old real quick no where near as good as GTC
,Not Recommended,314320,14724402,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ennisont,bad reaso n its tooooooooooooo buggy n toooooooo hard to make a hit game
,Not Recommended,314320,13143309,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Z ',"Yes it hames more features then ""Game Dev Tycoon"" but it just dosen't feel as polished. If i was you i would wait abit till it feels more polished."
,Recommended,314320,11604027,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The Gaming Womble,"Instareview (TM) - 10/10 would make Zombie Bikini Killer Babes 4 again.....(for the Commandore computer)Having recently - yesterday - played the demo for this game, and now started to play the 'real thing' I can say that it is a definite hit....the game has charm, style, purpose and some excellently bad 80s wallpapers......who doesn't love that.I can really see myself playing this one to death.If tou are a managemnt/strategy/tycoon game fan...go buy it.If not...WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU???"
,Recommended,314320,11604371,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Iron,Hilarious game. Complex and entertaining. (Also the soundtrack is very well made! Kudos to the sound-department!)
,Not Recommended,314320,13739513,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,lmn,unplayable and hideous carbon copy of game dev tycoon. not worth a single dollar in current state.
,Recommended,314320,12690657,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
,Recommended,314320,15210141,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,njrudloff,UPDATE :The dev team has done a great job on this game from its onset and now I recoomend it for buying as it has come along way and become allot of fun :D.
,Recommended,314320,15520881,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Harven69,"I have an odd feel towards this game. Not so hot graphics, not so great menu, and a lack of workshop. Despite all of that though, it's superior to Gamedev in everyway. It takes the parts of gamedev that were unenjoyable and either made them fun or took away the hassle. Maybe an 8/10.Though there is a flip side. I don't usually play it, but when I do, I log about 8 hours in a couple days time."
,Recommended,314320,16762823,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,chrisbeale2010,"basically a more exp[anded version of game dev tycoon. Gameplay is EXACTLY THE SAME!I am not saying that is a bad thing because both are fun and addictive but if you have one then you may want to avoid the other, this seems a bit more advanced however no steam achievements at the moment may put some off this one"
,Recommended,314320,16434120,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Haxor0,"Very addictive, well worth the money for the money. I like these types of games from time to time. I will keep an eye on what the developer does in the future. That being said thee are a few bugs though and the in game notifacation window are a pain. Some times you'll be clicking around and lose the ability to click on some things cause me to use task manager to close it out."
76561197971202952,Recommended,314320,13797908,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Grandmaster,"Very addictive game, and is more complex and have more depth then Game dev tycoon. Just finished the game and was deemed Godfather of gaming. Miss the fact that it doesn't have steam achivements, maybe it will come in the future, overall it's a better game then game dev tycoon. But it needs a little tweeking though. It gets 8/10 when it comes to being a game dev game."
76561198028032318,Recommended,314320,14423569,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,B4rberblacksheep,"Good game, needs some more work stillI picked this up on a whim to see if it was as good as a lot of people thought it was and was pleasently surprised. It has a lot of really good features and a large amount of well done logistics however the UI is painful to use at times. Navigation between rooms is clunky at best, the ""Assign Research"" menu rarely shows up if at all and few of the games bounding boxes don't match up to the objects they represent.The Game Dev side of it is really in depth and offers a wide range of options however even if I make a perfect game I still get a message saying that my fans were disatisfied because it's not as good as the last. Who knows.Like I said it's a really good game but it needs more work until I think it should be sold as a full game on Steam."
,Recommended,314320,15215328,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nobody | Killer,"It's a great game, I made a list of pros and cons for those willing to buy.Pros:Cheap. It's nice when you want to play through a game and have fun.It's customisable, and when I say this I don't mean a little bit, it's very customisable and is definatly fun to customise it all.It's extremely fun at first, when you begin it's fun finding the best things and milking them.Cons:It's grindy! There are little upgrades, for what I thought it could do and what you could upgrade. For now, it's develop a game with 80% or higher, and then completly milking it. I got up to my 78th game of just ONE series and they still earned me millions. As for the consoles, they're extremely OP. I fineshed the game with about 50billion. Meaning there was no risk at all.Again, it's either make an amazing game and farm it and never risk debt, or live it by the wire and most likely instantly go broke.The soundtrack is repetitve, I've heard the songs SO MANY TIMES. Uhg!The UI is often glitchy, and prioritys are mixed up. By this, I mean when you're scrolling through all your floors and places in your building, and then suddenly something pops up asking about your game or console or something, and you have to move your mouse, click accept, move it back down, up to the top and then over the home icon again. It's a pain.Graphics are repetitive.8/10, Nice game, quite innotavative and advanced. Plenty of options, just there are some things that can be done in a patch. It's also quite sad when you really think about it, how time REALLY flies by, and when everyone you know starts leaving and abandons you. It's quite sad in my opinion. Either way, great game, quite easy once you've started and just like spore it gets ridiculously grindy and almost pointless at about 2015."
,Recommended,314320,15242362,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,lionslicer,"There are certainly some similarities to Game Dev Tycoon, but I don't think that's a bad thing. There are similarities between Battlefront and Call of Duty, and I don't see people saying one is the rip off of the other. Game Dev simulations is a very small genre, as far as I know, only a handful of games have been made that have been successful.I really like the, it has a lot more depth than Game Dev Tycoon, which is more of a casual game. GamersGoMakers I believe is a much better game overall, though the UI isn't as good and the name is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥. (Really, GamersGoMakers was the best thing you came up with?). I hope the developers of this game make another game, or add on to it. There are some cons that can be a bit annoying. The game doesn't completely shut down, so if exit the game, it wont restart unless you completely shut down steam. While there are tutorials that pop up, the game has no manual/tutorial that you can pull up whenever you need help, so if you miss a popup or forget something, you have to figure it out yourself.Another annoying feature is that games are only on sale for 90 days (up to 120 if you extend it), but that is it. That kind of limits a lot. Maybe I haven't gotten to that point yet, but I'd love to see the option to make multiple games at once. I think that is something that both this game and Game Dev Tycoon got wrong.But overall, I really like the game. I'd recommend it to anyone who liked Game Dev Tycoon, or anyone who likes business management in general. Very well done. The developers earned my respect and my money. Hopefully it goes towards making better games."
76561198013758367,Recommended,314320,12281142,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[W.I.S.P]Albrat,"18 minutes... Thats all I managed to play.I will probably revisit this game. It has potential to be something more.The menu's are good. There is a windowed version...  I suggest the Game Developer anchors the prompts to the window corner and not to the Desktop corner. * I have 2 screens, moving the game window to the other screen then playing made the pop - ups appear on the wrong screen and outside the game window.Overall the game is good.  You need a lot of understanding of how the game works to figure out how to build a good game and make even the smallest amount of money."
76561198151222054,Recommended,314320,14815962,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,no way,"Godfather of GamingI dont think you need more to know. Great Simulation. The level of creation is great. Patches. Add ons. Re-release. Licensed Games. And your staff always coming up with something they need money for. If you liked Game Dev Tycoon, you like this game as well. Feelt a bit better for my taste.10/10"
76561198120472931,Recommended,314320,14703762,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,AWRY,"I thought this game was a lot of fun, but it is really frustrating for me because it seems like as you go along your games just get worse and worse and worse. Is there anyway to get more points to spend on a prodject? I also can't figure out how to launch a patch on my games to improve them. It is a lot of fun anyway though I am just still figuring this game out."
76561198167414555,Recommended,314320,13351828,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,navacamal,I am going to do a review like the ones in the game:93%Gameplay 9.5/10Graphics 9/10Sound 10/10A.I NALevel Deign NAUI 9/10Scripting 9/10Game Writing 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,314320,34676015,Posted: 1 September,all,BuDMan,"This game is a complete disaster... I can't even begin to list everything. But mainly, it is slow and repetitive, and during gameplay, you have no idea what to work towards or even if there is anything at all to work towards. Seems to me like the entire game is all the same, just with different text now and then."
