user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314450,17151634,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Professor Chaos,"This game will bring you back to the 90's ✈ The golden age of Scrolling Shooters game ✈only 0.19$ to own a ticket to go back our childhood, not bad, not bad at all.▬▬▬◙▬▬▬_▂▄▄▓▄▄▂_◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ :D ██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══"
,Recommended,314450,17189600,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"This game is good.This game is good!This game is good?Yep. Saviors, the 19 cent 2D shootemup, is good. I was not expecting this. No really, I was looking forward to tearing this game to pieces. Unfortunately for me, the only worthy complaint is the terrible character-models and bland art-direction. Once I actually played the game, it all came together quite nicely. This is a legitimately decent indie shooter.Humanity is doomed AGAIN, or maybe they're not doomed, or maybe I don't care. This threadbare and easily ignorable plot sets up 15 stages of shooting action. For an arcade 2D shooter, that's quite a lot. Thankfully, these stages are well-paced, with only 5 of them having real boss-fights. Furthermore, your first experience with this game is liable to be the story mode, where the large number of stages seems a bit more sensible.In story mode, you're given the choice of three pilots, each with their own ship. As you play through the stages, you'll gather experience, which leads to level-up perks. Also, in-between stages you can decide on primary, secondary, and side weapons. There's an interesting amount of strategy, that's tempered by good old-fashioned reflexes. The better you do, the higher your score, which also ties into your experience. The level of difficulty can also be changed, just in case things get too easy or too difficult. The other modes remove the stage to stage decision-making. Instead you're given a choice between various ships and weapon-systems. All you have to do is select the setup that suits your play-style.With Saviors, unlike most shooters, you always have an idea of what's approaching. There are constant indicators for every enemy ship, so you can focus on either destroying them immediately, or let them stay on-screen for a bit, so you can maintain your chain combo. Each ship has their own arsenal and pattern. As you progress you'll face newer ships in greater numbers. Another aspect that is unlike most shooters is the fact that you get a shield. Obviously it's not something to be relied upon, but it comes in handy for those stray shots. The boss-fights tend to be bullet-hell affairs. All you really have to do is hang back, fire away, and dodge for seemingly an eternity. For most players, the normal difficulty provides a sufficient challenge.Saviors has a good ""flow"" to it. There are new dangers or problems to deal with in every stage, but nothing too absurd that it changes the nature of the game. The mechanics are also fairly solid, none of the damage you'll take will feel cheap. Although, sometimes the game can get a little too busy with the explosions. On the bright side, this tends to happen during ""break"" mode, where enemies and their projectiles explode frequently. It's very satisfying, though sometimes tough to control.As far as other complaints go, I think bosses tend to take a little too long. Their last sliver of energy takes forever to drain away, even if I unload all of my limited secondary weapons on it. Each ship also has their own speed setting. While it's nice to have a faster ship for reaching enemies quickly; more often than not, I'd rather have slow-movement for those waves of bullets I need to dodge. Otherwise it's mostly nitpicks, like some perks not being very useful.Saviors is a very nice surprise. It has solid mechanics, a decent amount of variety, enough replay-value to last, and it will likely cost you a penny or two after selling the cards. It just might be worth your time."
,Recommended,314450,32514390,Posted: 17 June,all,Doomlord,"Getting this out of the way first: As of me writing this I've beaten the game once on normal story mode, so anything I say will be based on that.EDIT: I've tried out the other game modes as well and have written about them below.I'm not the world's greatest shmup player, but I still love playing them, be it regular or bullet hell. From what I found on the net this game was made by a bunch of vikings. I got it for 50 cents, but honestly I'd readily pay 5 or even 10 bucks for it. They did a great job.STORY>he plays games for the storyJoking aside there is a story mode to this game, but I didn't really pay much (read any) attention to the story and I generally don't unless I'm playing an RPG. Between each mission you get a briefing where the old talking heads from Starcraft 1 tell you things. If you want more on the story look through the other reviews, I'm positive there's at least one down there that bothered to describe what the story is about. Far as I'm concerned you're a ship shooting down progressively bigger ships until you find the biggest one and shoot that one down.muh grafixGraphics wise the game looks like most early to mid 2000s Windows/PS2 era shmups (think Ikaruga or Touhou 06 and up) and honestly I'm perfectly fine with that. The visuals and effects are nice and clean and don't get in the way of the action which is vital for any good shmup.MUSICI'll be honest here, I was about to mute the game when I first heard some background wubbeth in the main menu, thankfully I decided to bare with it and BOY AM I GLAD THAT I DID.The music is the highlight of this game. I loved the entire soundtrack from beginning to end. It's like the composer infiltrated my brain, found out what I loved listening to while growing up (and still do) and made a soundtrack based on that. We have FM Synth, late 90s/early 2000s electronica, some truly intense symphonic metal boss tracks and plenty of other goodies all taken from an age when you didn't have to dig all the way to China in order to find good music.Even if you don't like these types of games you owe it to yourself to check out its soundtrack. It's amazing.GAMEPLAYI'm not gonna bother explaining the basics of gameplay. If you're reading this chances are you already know what a shmup is. Instead I'm going to tell you what this game does different from most other shmups.For one we have a sort of progression system. After you gain a certain amount of points (they carry over regardless of death) you gain a new rank, a perk point you can put in to add some bonuses to your ship and a new weapon.Regardless of which of the 3 starting ships you pick you have 2 firing modes. The first one fires all your weapons forward like every other shmup. The second mode switches your secondary weapon so it shoots to the sides.Unlike other shmups you don't have screen clearing bombs here, but a third weapon which has limited ammo. You can pick from railguns, homing missiles, bombs and other neat things.You can pick your loadout in the beginning of each stage.From what I've seen so far there are no bonuses or ammo to pick up during gameplay, but all your sh*t is replenished at the start of each level.You don't die from a single hit. You have a shield which slowly recharges and your ship's hull which usually doesn't repair but you can remedy that with perks. Once your hull's hp runs out you die and you start the level from the beginning. There are no checkpoints as far as I know.EDIT: This only applies to story mode. The other game modes play more like a typical shmup. You still have your shield, but the hull no longer has hp nor can you repair it. You have lives instead. You get points by killing enemies and collecting the things they drop (touhou does this as well). You pick a ship preset at the beginning, but you can't change your weapons midgame.Difficulty wise I found the game pretty balanced at least on normal. It's pretty intense, but it doesn't quite reach the insanity I've seen in most bullet hells. I plan to try hard and above at some point as well.TL;DRI bought this for 50 cents (it costs $1 normally) and I got a pretty good bullet hell shmup with an amazing soundtrack. It's cheap as f*ck, so if you're even remotely interested in shmups (it doesn't even have to be bullet hell) I highly recommend you get it. It's a very neat little game made by our viking bros."
,Recommended,314450,20225248,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Suavek,"At first glance the game looks like something made in 1995 and upscaled to HD. The price is also suspiciously low. But don't let that fool you, because Star Staviors is a surprisingly decent and well made indie shmup, with a lot to offer.The game is clearly inspired by some of the more popular titles in the genre, in a good way. It is simple and easy to get into, yet offers numerous game modes, difficulties, ship types and weapons to choose from. From what I've played on normal it seems fair, and the controls are responsive enough. The challenge is there, the shooting is enjoyable, and numerous achievements and modes encourage multiple playthroughs.The game surely is not perfect and could have been improved in some areas, but as a whole it is really good. Simply put, I've had a lot of fun with with it. More so than with many other shmups, that are way more expensive and more hyped up. Great and catchy soundtrack also certainly adds a lot to the overall enjoyment."
,Recommended,314450,17146932,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BadGhost,"Pros:This game is very enjoyable and will bring a couple hours of fun (It varies on the difficulty chosen)Cons:+No actual online Co-Op, only Local(EDIT : Since this review has been posted, it has been changed to local co-op, which makes me smile, ty devs :D)+Some of the visuals, especially the avatars, look awful and would've looked better in 2D+The game isn't actually that long, and not that much replayabilityDiagnosis - Get it on a sale (at .19c, it was a steal), but if you have the money it might be worth it if you're into bullet hell shooters."
,Recommended,314450,17155264,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Professor Zoom,"I entered this game expecting a generic, bad shoot'em'up, and what I got was insane, pure madness!! It's amazing, sure it does need better graphics but the gameplay is amazing and the soundtrack oh.... those tunes..I got it on a discount but it's definitely worth full price, and while here get the Soundtrack too, it's amazing and much better than those crappy tunes you get on iTunes for $0.99!"
,Recommended,314450,28221393,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sweep,"About Star SaviorsInspired by Ikaruga, Raiden, and Radiant Silvergun, Saviors brings the best bullet hell experience you can find on Steam. Play through 18 challenging stages in this ultimate test of tactics and reflexes.The GraphicsBuller hell games really don't need that much graphic power, with using simple meshes (like this game does) it works perfectly. But this just can't be overlooked, the character models are taken out of a nightmare, and just put in there to haunt you for the rest of your life. If you can just pass this simple detail, everything else is fine.The MusicEmpowering, just the music it needs for the type of game it is. Mostly heard is metal, with a few dubstep sounds mixed within. If you love that kind of music, you are going to love this game.The StoryYou as the reader, have probably heard this story over and over again, the story where you are the chosen one and you have to save the world. Now this may come as a suprise, but this game actually changes it (no it doesn't). You follow a relatively average campaign through the galaxy to prevent a war that is going to unfold at any moment. Also the game tells you multiple times that you are the chosen one, and that you are the only one who can do what you are doing. Although at the start of the campaing, you are given the choice between 3 characters, and while you are doing what you are doing, the other 2 characters are doing the same, but remember how you are the only one capable of doing this ? Well you are not.The GameplayReally fast paced, you don't have time to think about what you are going to do, as you are bombarded all the time. It does get progressively harder with every level, as it is expected. The bosses man were they hard, mostly that one at the 13'th level, but nothing a second (if only it were 2 tries) attempt couldn't fix.All in AllStar Saviorsis a very nice Action Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,314450,17789819,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Metaljin,A very fun bullet-hell shooter. Excellent hit detection (which is crucial to these games) and a great assortment of upgrades available. I do wish they had went with static images instead of the 3D heads though. Good soundtrack as well.
,Recommended,314450,27684422,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheWildHunt,Very nice game.Awesome background musics.Awesome shooting mechanism.Good graphics.It has a average story too.Bring back childhood funs.Worth buying on sale...I recommend it.
,Not Recommended,314450,17714901,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Peredur Gargantaur,"Aside from the really creepy human faces, and the blerb's insistence that this is ""the best bullet hell experience you can find on Steam"", it's not terrible. But I don't get a feeling of... impact from it. The sound design doesn't support the visuals enough, so I'm left feeling like I'm playing a video game quite a long time ago, not like I'm having an experience. As part of a bundle or otherwise discounted, it's a fine bit of nostalgia, but if you're paying cash moneys for a new twist on the good ol' arcade shooter, I'd go with Crimzon Clover World Ignition or Titan Attacks, personally."
,Recommended,314450,17175082,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SuperFrog,"I have never been much of shmup player.  Always tended to be more toward strategy game and platformers, but did complete some games form this genre. At first, was not sure what to expect from the game I got for 19 cents, and to be honest, I was surprised how good and solid game this is. From simple play you expect shmup game to be too nice weapons upgrade and perks upgrade that give game interesting twist.So far levels seems to be quite well made, and game is well playable and I did not even scratch surface of other options such as time attacks etc. Did I mention there is story behind as well, but as very patient person I always skip it…If you don’t have it, definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,314450,17201408,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Wickerbottom,This game is on sale for 19 cents.... it's worth the 4.99 tag... and local co-op is a LOT of fun....You can link up ships after player two gets eliminated which is a neat feature... think Halo driver for player one and player two links up as your turret guy while you fly around after player two wrecks their ship... pretty awesome stuffThe music is pretty awesome too... some really cool orchestration and vocals10/10 ... would die from those annoying crosshatched blue lazers again
,Recommended,314450,17713732,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"If you can stand character and ship models looking like some comp-sci student's first project, you've got a well-designed shmup bullet-hell that knows what it's doing."
,Not Recommended,314450,21370090,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,pedroknoller,"Sincerely, I dont know what think of this game.... Personally I hate it, but a lot of others peaple like it. This game is like a generic bullet hell, and just it. Its dont have nothing of notable, so I think if you dont have experience in this kind of game, maybe you like it, but to me, its continues be the worst bullet hell what I have ever played."
,Recommended,314450,21624707,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NynS,"95% of the games one gets a coupon of are worthless in terms of playability or story.This story however has a good concept (alien trading gone wrong), it slightly lacks a bit of realism or sane conversations but that doesn't matter too much since the main idea of the game isn't exactly the story.There, I said all that is wrong with this game but for one thing I'll put in the end.The game has an amazing soundtrack and is very immersive. Graphics in-game are very well made (I won't start about how your protagonist(s) looks like...might say alien comes close) and the game is very clear in what you have to do so that even a person new to a bullet hell game knows exactly what he should do.I haven't tried the coop yet, but the possibility is very welcome since most Bullet Hells are singleplay only. Defending humanity alongside your friends.So...what's wrong, you ask. The price. 99 cents. It's worth much more. I got it for 25ct myself thanks to a coupon - wouldn't have known the game otherwise."
,Recommended,314450,33412465,Posted: 9 July,all,Nax_o,It is debatable if this is the 'Best bullet hell experience you can find on Steam'  but it sure surprises you positively.  Normal price is 99cents and it's been in bundles. Sure this is garbage? First 10 minutes the answer is yes. Especially when you see the talking mission briefing heads that look like they have some chew tobacco under their lips then the answer is definitely 'Yes!' or 'What am i doing with my life'But keep going. By the time you have done the story missions for the first time then the real game starts and i must say it's a very impressive set of weapons and perks you can choose as now you have unlocked quite an arsenal of toys. Action is solid and on higher levels it is a true bullet hell experience.Most recommended game if you are into shooters and you are on a budget.
76561198061189601,Recommended,314450,21282213,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ExSoldierAkechi,"Amazing game, fair dificulty (Insane is truly insane, but that's expected), spent many hours mastering and enjoying it!"
,Recommended,314450,17145599,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Syrrah,"Bought this at a good discount, just for the cards to be honest.Started playing, just to see what type of game it was and ... finished it in one go. Now, my game library is filled with ""hey, this is a pretty good game, let's put it aside for later"" stuff, which I tend not to ever start up again. So saying that I finished a game in one setting is pretty exceptional in itself.Basically it is a fairly standard shoot 'm up with bullet-hell bosses. Normally I despise bullet-hells, but here it was not so bad at all. Consider it a bullet-hell-light if you want.You get the typical top-down view most of the time, with occasionally switched camera perspectives. We've seen it all countless times in these sort of games but it continues to impress.Grapically the game is underwhelming. The ""3D"" avatars that brief you in between missions are of a quality you would expect from games of 1996, the ships lack animation and the UI is fairly boring. Still, the ship design is pretty good from a Sci-Fi point of view and, while boring and uninspired, the UI offers exactly what you want from it, without distracting. The 3D backgrounds are nice as well although don't expect Crysis-levels of backdrops for this price.Speaking about the briefings, the story is forgettable as well. The Earth is once again in danger yadda yadda yadda. But who cares about a story in this type of game anyway?The sound is meh. The fighting sounds OK but not more than that. The soundtrack is pretty good, FAR better than you would would expect from such a cheap game. Too bad there are only 3 or so tracks.The gameplay on the other hand is outstanding. Shooting just feels great. There is also plenty of choice in weaponry and it is a joy to combine the different weapon types to build your own little ship of doom (trademark pending). The levels are also short and vary in background, so you really are driven to see what comes next. The ""one more turn"" is strong with this one!The developers included a very sweet ""break"" scoring mechanic, that awards a high score multiplier with mass-explosions, replacing the screen-wiping bomb you usually get in SHMUPS with chain-reactions of fire and death. This is an excellent choice and seeing screen after screen of enemies explode is soooo rewarding, you will want to drive up your multiplier even if you don't care about highscores at all.There is also a level-up system, awarding good scores even more. The unlockable perks are not extra-ordinary, but do allow you to customise your ship to your liking. There are five attributes to build up and I went full defence for example, while other peeps will want to go full offence. Similarly, you can choose from between 3 different ships at the start.You can finish the game in about 90 minutes, which was just good enough. Any longer might have been too repetitive.Summarizing: this is a hidden gem for such a low price. Whether you are new to shoot-em-ups or like the genre, you can't really do bad with this purchase.Score:Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 5/10Sound: 6/10Difficulty: 6/10Value-for-money: 9/10"
,Recommended,314450,26107279,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,namcot,"I've bought this game just to test my new credit card on Steam, but...This game is perfect in absolutely everything it does.It isn't a bullet hell wannabe-tryhard, its controls and SPEED are unbelievably GOOD and ACCURATE. It's undescribably good and satisfactory to play this game with a DualShock 3, for example.It doesn't feel like a 2 penny game AT ALL. Crap, I even feel bad because of its price. It should cost more, because the experience it deliver is worth WAY MORE than just 2 dollars.Graphics isn't NEXT-GEN CRYSIS 4K 120Hz MEGA-ULTRA, but hey, that's a 2 penny game. IMHO, they're very good. I mean, really. It reminds me of late PS2 games/early PS3 games (more of the latter).But undoubtly the best thing about this game is the soundtrack. OH MY GOD, THE SOUNDTRACK.I've caught myself smiling like a fool everytime a new level started because of the TOO GODDAMN GOOD SOUNDTRACK. THINK ABOUT SOMEONE IMPRESSED. I mean, REALLY. IT'S SO GOOD AND IF YOU LIKE VIDEOGAME MUSIC, OH MY GOD, BUY THIS GAME.If you're bored and you want some explosive action, intense soundtrack with 1 million colored laser bullets on the screen at the same time, hell, you CAN'T GO WRONG. BUY THIS GAME. It's impossible not to have fun while playing this.EDIT: Just nominated this game to the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award. It deserves way more recognition."
,Recommended,314450,28379806,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Step Vibes,"Very cool and engaging game. It really took me back to those days when I used to play Chicken Invaders, Space Invaders. etc. The effects are A1 as well, especially when weapons are used simultaneously when destroying the enemies. It can be a challenging game, considering the swarm of enemies that come your way and if you're not a fast thinker, but it's not enough to make a person rage quit or complain. I read a few comments where people complained a bit about the effects being too much on the eyes; I can agree with that, but it's not too bad, unless you're one of those people who has to sit at point blank range in front of the screen. Also, the story really isn't that great. I actually just skip through it and get to the action. I feel like it should just be one of those games that just has a bunch of different levels to run through, with a variety of enemies and weapons. Again, it's a cool game and I'm most definitely gonna play more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUfU4BoY8Uw"
,Recommended,314450,28364073,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zhimonster,"This is a game that is exactly what it claims to be. It reminds me of a lot of old nostalgic arcade games from my childhood. Now, I'm utterly awful at bullet hell type stuff, but considering I got this game in a bundle and paid mere pennies for it, it's 1000 percent worth it. Who knows, I might actually stop being so lame at bullet hell.  The music is fairly nice too. Overall, nothing mindblowing or super original here, just a good old fashioned 'hold down the shoot button and flail around on the screen'"
,Recommended,314450,28510034,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Faustrecht ت,Very nice.It has a Story Mode with leveling system to learn the game.Arcade Mode.Practice-ModeVery Good Graphics.Controller-Support.Different Difficulties. From Easy (if you are a noob in Vertical shooter) to hard (If you are Hardcore)and that only for one buck.
,Recommended,314450,28662416,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JaskoGeTa,This is realy cool .....raiden style
,Recommended,314450,17215210,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Desaria Rosa,"I didn't think this game will come out as a great game but wow it really changed my mind. Its really a very awesomesauce game.The gameplay play very smooth and the music.....I need to buy that soundtrack. If you really love destroying everything in front of the screen or in the side, then you should get this game now!!"
,Recommended,314450,19919631,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"This is an odd one, the graphics are are a bit basic/flat, sounds are ""functional"" and the 'talking heads' bits between levels are terrible - BUTThe game under all of that is bloody good.  Whoever designed the attack/bullet patterns and weapon options knows EXACTLY what they're doing - it's challenging and rewarding.  Music is also exactly what you'd expect for this sort of game.There's plenty of modes, online highscore tables (with replays) - controls can be rebound/changed (keyboard or pad)I've gotten a load of fun out of it - I reckon you might too, just ignore those 'talking head' bits eh? :)"
,Recommended,314450,17147959,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Unschooled Bus,"I'm not a big fan of bullet hell games, but when I saw this on sale I took the plunge.  The story is there, but honestly I didn't pay much attention to it.  The controls are tight, the soundtrack is great, and I didn't have any crashes.Would shoot again and dodge more."
,Recommended,314450,23345217,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Foxyens,"If you like bullet hell games, you can't go wrong with this one.Pros:-A true bullet hell game-fantastic music-Not too easy, not impossible either-an okay-ish story-Tight controls-solid 3D graphics-super cheap for what you getLiterally the only thing I didn't like are the hideous character models, stuff of nightmares I tell you.An absolute yes!"
,Recommended,314450,23079370,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Saviors is a neatly designed shoot'em up game in the style of ""bullet hell"" and fun at times.Pros:+ Cheap. If you get a foil carddrop, the game even pays for itself.+ Level design. (Especially later stages). Delivers fun reflex moments.+ Gfx palette: You can clearly spot enemy bullets, projectiles and enemies theirselves during the carnage. All blends well and easy on the eye.Neutral:+ Soundtrack: Music is cool and blends with the action but its not enough for the genre. (See and listen to music of Amiga era classic shooters like ""Disposable Heroes,"" ""Agony,"" etc.+ Gfx: Color palette and everything is very vell designed. Enemy ships and backgrounds need more polishing and looks just too simple for this age. Character gfx between levels are poor.Cons:+ Needs more gfx polishing for better product value. Because the basics are all set (nice lvl design, above average soundtrack etc.)7/10 - it was fun"
,Not Recommended,314450,26339945,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,puma,"The gameplay and music are excellent and could easily be a top SHMUP were it not for one fatal flaw: it sucks to be player two.  My wife and I like to play SHMUPs together, and for reasons we just don't understand, the option to have both players have ""first-player"" functionality is not something the developer has allowed.  The second player is gimped.  It doesn't seem like a hard thing to add to just allow the players to choose if they want to use the default behaviour of having the second player use an alternate style or both players use the normal/first-player style.Since most people rate this well, and since this is a game we really only wanted to play together, I'm going to choose to not recommend this to other people interested in buying a game to play coop with friends or family.  I really do hope they address this in the future."
,Not Recommended,314450,13316836,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,-_//Double Inversion\\_-,"short:I recommend it for all ppl who like shootem'ups in general, but consider that it doesn't feel like a true arcade or classic game, which is the reason why I don't recommend it.Saviors tries to bring the bullethell genre on a next level and misses the point. The gameplay is not comparable to normal shmups. That's ment in a bad way. The gameplay just feels plain. . The design  hits the standards , but is more generic than outstanding. The appearance of the on the topscreen are making the game in some cases more confusing than fitting.  The soundtrack isn't unique as well. There is one  soundtrack to go for, the one in the trailer. The others are just like ""not there!""...they sound monoton.It's a playable little shooter for a short time. You are free to change your loadout in terms of weapons every level. Which is nice. But you don't get an arcad-ish feeling, when playing. That's propably the reason why I dislike this game. The game can be very challenging in the harder difficulties which is awesome. however, the graphics are kind of a downer in that part. The changed breakmode is also less interesting to me, as it feels not like if you are killing things faster that way."
,Recommended,314450,23359124,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,NYNzrin,"Holy s**t how come I never heard of this game?I love Bullet Hell games and this, oh this game is so beautiful!Sure, the, character faces looks like... Corpses, but once the game kicks in, prepare to feast you eyes on it!This are all of my personal experience with the game!Pros :+Nice soundtrack, just wow, I love it.+The graphics are just, amazing!+Gameplay may look like a normal STG/Bullet Hell game like Raiden or Touhou but trust me, this one is a bit different.+You can change weapon types mid-game, which is cool IMO.+Enemy bullets are quite visible, that makes things a bit easy to dodge.+Bullets aren't your enemies alone, the environment can kill you too.Seriously I got killed by a nearby building...+Its damn CHEAP. OuO)bCons :-Character's faces are a bit... Lifeless.Well I can't find any other cons honestly except for... That. This game is just so well-crafted!Do I recommend it?Of f**king course!This is just a review from a personal perspective. :3 Whatever is in the pros and cons are up to debate."
,Recommended,314450,19761323,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MegaEike,This is F***ing Good.
,Recommended,314450,17197983,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,fizzy flask,"Amazing game!Pros: Great backgrounds, soundtrack, and gameplay. If you enjoy bullet hell games, this is the  game for you.Cons: Human faces that appear in the game are insanely hideous. Also weapons only have verbal and visual descriptions with no statistical numbers or bars to show which weapons are more powerful than others. Also not a fan of the fact that once you play one mode, you have to  delete your save data in that mode to switch to another (for example if you start story mode, you have to delete all progress to try another mode)Overall a fun game to kill time."
76561198218094865,Recommended,314450,18562715,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PennyReviews,"This is a very solid shooter experience, and it was made by just three people.  This is exactly the sort of gem you hope to find from small indie teams.The graphics and music are above average, the control is tight, there are a lot of options to customize your experience, and several different game modes to keep you going.There are 18 levels to complete to make it through the story.  After each mission you are allowed to pick perks, as well as customize your main, secondary and special weapon.  As you get deeper in the game more options unlock.  You can also choose one of three pilots, and each ship has its own unique flavor.  Missions are a mix of standard enemies and bosses.  Most moves are telegraphed ahead of time, giving you a split second to plan your next move.  You can also alternate your fire between going all guns forward for full damage, or split your damage three ways and shoot ahead of you and to each side.The story sections are the weakest portion of the game.  There is nothing unique, the writing is not very natural, and the pilots don't look great in the speaking sections.  There is an alien invasion, and only your commander saw it coming, now go blow everything up.  The end.  Fortunately, all story sections can be skipped.Very worthwhile game if you enjoy this type of shooter.  A solid entry, give it a try.9/10"
76561198082910254,Recommended,314450,28357038,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,妮娜的红狼Jet,"good. i like . in this game you can try kinds of weapons. but you need to avoid, avoid and avoid."
76561197998394798,Recommended,314450,22930109,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Torynduron,"I feel compelled to tell people about this game.  It cost me $1..... ONE DOLLAR.I love bullet hell games, I've always loved them, they hold a special place in my heart so please remember that when reading this review.+The difficulties go from easy to insane and those words are very literal.+This game took me an hour to beat, I then played it twice more in succession because I enjoyed it so much.+Chooe your weapons before the level.  I love that.+Music is straight out of a DaRude album and it is apropos+Graphics are what you should expect for $1-Short game but again....... $1I don't see any reason not to get this even if you aren't a bullet hell fan.  If you ever wanted to try one out just to see what they're like, here's your opportunity.put it up there with DoDonPachi and Ikaruga, it's fun, it's challenging, its bullet hell."
76561198212647955,Recommended,314450,32755245,Posted: 24 June,all,Grenem,"In my opinion, this is a good game. I only paid fifty cents for it (less whatever I recoup from trading cards), but I doubt I'd regret the purchase at a lesser discount, even the very low full price.The game is good, but not great or amazing. The devs are not the next Zun or Cave. ""Best bullet hell experience"" feels like a bucket of baloney, but then, my idea of a good bullet hell experience alway includes a focus button, or at least an equivalent that's always on, which this doesn't. You're always zipping around the screen way too fast, like the devs didn't realize that pinpoint dodging is hard when you move like a hummingbird.That's my biggest complaint. Early on, it has an appropriate level of bullets for normal mode of a no-focus-button game, and it uses fast shots instead of screen-coating. (In other words, it keeps you perpetually overwhelmed and reacting at a higher level of intensity than touhou does. It's not all reflexes, but you usually don't have time to stop and plan your dodges before executing)But bosses use attacks that would be ever-so-much easier if I had a way to transition to more precise controls. The final boss is legitimately challenging on normal, but it would be less so, and more fun for me, if I could forcefully slow down my ship's movement speed. One pattern, in particular, is sadisticly challenging when your movement speed is in screens-per-second but would be, if not trivialized, at least easier if you could make it a speed of ""hitboxes"" per second on command.Still, I've had at least an hour's fun out of it. If and/or when I get bored of the other bullet hell games in my collection, this'll be a good way to practice the faster-moving genre and movement options.The other stuff the game offers isn't bad. The wide variety of shot types and bombs is nice- bombs here are not touhou-style panic buttons where the attack is secondary, but merely a superweapon that does nothing of value except damage.To compensate for this, unlike most bullet hells I've played, taking hits is expected- you have shields that heal over time. I generally find it fun, but I'd feel cheated if I spent ten bucks for it.It's not properly conventional, only half of its unconventionality is an improvement, None of it is ikaruga level of novel-fun but I enjoyed it. Still, it's probably replacable, and if bullet hell games weren't so hard to find at times, it wouldn't do so well.Pros:- Fast-paced, intense gameplay (at least for someone who can't clear all touhou on normal, with the difficulty set to normal)- Attack patterns aren't novel, or at least not productively novel, but they're at least interesting.- Wide variety of guns that you can mix and match.- Interesting multiplier system with benefits not limited to points.- Plot feels like a marvelous suble parody of general ""Aliens are invading, you're the hero we need you to save us"" plots, as you refuse to accept surrender even after you've taken out entire planet's worth of infrastructure in return for a failed attempt of invading a single planet. To add fuel to this obvious jest, they continue to talk about how they're saving earth- nevermind that they could have had a surrender on favorable terms without taking further risks.- eighteen levels probably falls here? I'm not sure.Cons:- If the plot isn't a parody, the plot is terrible, and worse, it's the kind of terrible that drags down other mediocre works in the future.- No focus button.- Game allows for a lot of getting hit per level, and occasionally pulls BS out to mess with you- like enemies showing up behind you, weak enough you could easily kill them if they weren't behind you in a game with no backwards shooting!- No focus button- Weapons select only works after you unlock them. Apparently, that's quite a while.- A few levels (a mid-game one involves lots of undodgable attacks that you have to kill before they reach you.) are total BS, or require unintuitive knowledge (friendly fire is allowed, and stops projectiles, for instance). In the same manner, some bosses have inconsistent difficulty, with their hardest patterns showing up after their easier ones."
,Recommended,314450,29124966,Posted: 8 January,all,VigilanteJustice,"Fun game. The ability to toggle between forward and side fire for the secondary weapon gives it a tactical feel, similar to the color-changing in Ikaruga, but without quite so much of a forced flow."
76561198043916689,Recommended,314450,28639371,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yey3,run of the mill bullet hell....Simple..mindless...i like it..Get it while its on sale..The mission briefing animations are nightmare fuel though..A great example of the uncanny valley :)skip to the mission fast...
,Recommended,314450,18817968,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,alphun,ITS FUN! for the price and local co-ops
76561198128371609,Recommended,314450,18209537,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Emuser,"This was one I got because of trading cards for pennys a long time back, after that I didn't really play much.  Playing it again more recently though, I can say that if you are a fan of shmups, more specifically of Tyrian, this might appeal to you.  Depending on the mode you play, you will have choices of ships.  There are 9 variants in arcade and survival that you play through the whole game with whichever you choose, while story lets you choose one of three base ships that can be customized with perks and three weapons of your picking.This game is actually quite difficult, past easy and also normal after a few tries, it really kicks your♥♥♥♥♥  EDIT: There is actually a practice mode under new game, if you're going to play hard or insane you better practice the stages because the game is long and very difficult past normal.The soundtrack is probably the highlight of this game, it is actually quite good and I will remember the boss theme for some time to come.I see this game on sale often, if you play shmups and want something a little different than a traditional shmup these days, this might help to kill some time and at 2 dimes you're not losing anything trying it out.  For full price, I would tread carefully unless you like the customization idea via Tyrian or older PC shmups or if you are already a shmup veteran.  For shmup noobies, you may want to stick to easy/normal for this game.  On hard/insane, this game is HARD."
,Recommended,314450,28901723,Posted: 1 January,all,Gash,"Personal Tip: Controller is highly recommended. With a mouse/keyboard one of the directional arrows do not seem to work simultaneously with the fire button, although that may just be on a few people's ends.For a few cents (depending on your local currency) while it is still on sale, this game is an absolute steal for some short, quality bullet hell entertainment. Soundtrack is on point and the graphics aren't pretentious. Its strength lies in the frantic gameplay.P.S. You might be a little weirded out by the human facial animations but to me that simply adds to the non-pretentious charm of this title!"
,Recommended,314450,24399867,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Absent Coder,"I don't want to say the game is bad, but it definitely earns a $2 price tag. The game functions pretty well, the weapons system is kinda fun, and it's so satisfying to rack up a massive multiplier and watch everything in front of you explode in glorious red-and-yellow flowers. And the bad modeling work is honestly slightly entertaining."
76561197995428724,Recommended,314450,24472103,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SIDisTHE,Solid game with great soundtrack and good weapon selection.
,Recommended,314450,26004595,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Lep,"It's a great value for the price.Saviors delivers a satisfying shoot em up experience. It's definitely challenging, playing it on normal was kicking my butt. I was never able to handle the higher difficulties. If you're looking for a bullet hell type experience you'll definitely find one here.The game play is solid. The main feature of the game is comboing your kills to the point where you cause massive chain explosions of all ships on the screen. It's quite a satisfying mechanic. Watching wave upon wave of enemy ships melt while you're under a break chain was very fulfilling. The game shows the sillouette of every approaching enemy so you can plan where to move your ship before enemies appear. It's a nice feature that definitely makes up for how hard it gets. There's 18 levels in the game, with multiple game modes, but it does get repetitive after you've played through a couple times. The game is cheap though, and the value you get out of it is well worth it.The music for the game is fantastic, I particularly liked the boss fight music.The NPC character heads are hideous and worth the price alone just to experience."
76561198022378946,Recommended,314450,17793533,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SanSamba,"Very nice Co-op game with epic soundtrack and challenging, yet not frustrating, difficulty. Different Main and secondary weapons + Talents through levels add motivation for at least a long evening."
76561198107559046,Recommended,314450,17229484,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sixty Five,"Amazing game.  I bought it because it was only 19 cents, but I have enjoyed it a lot.  Worth more then 19 cents.I r8 8/8 m8.  This game is gr8."
,Recommended,314450,25265977,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DCxDemo,"There are lots of people who drop this to ""idle for cards"" bin, but it deserves a fast glance at least. What's different between this and your average idling game is that this is actually the only game on Steam by this developer and it was polished by years. There were at least 5 major updates, including remastered soundtrack, so you can see they actually worked hard on it.The game itself is a mix of everything nice in vertical shmups - perks, weapons, tons of enemies, bullets, beams, bosses... Well, you know, like any other shmup. Its weak spot is the design as it looks like it's straight from 1999, but you know, this might be the reason some people like it. Soundtrack is definitely inspired by the older japanese shmups and again, you don't really know is it they couldn't get better quality or they actually tried to mimick the older sound. As of the storyline I cannot really tell you what happens there, but you probably won't bother too. Shmups are not about story."
76561198045503284,Recommended,314450,24483385,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,max.savenkov,"Another nice shooter with a very low price (frankly, I'm ready to pat a little bit more for such a game, although not MUCH more). It has some elements of bullet-hell, which I dislike, but mostly it's OK (only the final boss is really hard). A selection of weapons is limited, but welcome, and this game has shield, not just one-hit-and-you-re-dead policy, which is a good reason to like it. Still not a replacement for Raptor, of course, not even close :)"
,Recommended,314450,34101540,Posted: 8 August,all,ToiletROCK,"For its price, I did not expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised. I would say this a bullet-hell genre kind of space shooter, considering the amount of bullet-dodging you need to do in the game. Although unlike traditional bullet-hell space shooters, you can take several shots before your ship explodes; a beginner-friendly feature I might add. True to what the developers promised, I feel there is a balance between fun, challenge and difficulty. An interesting feature would be the ability to switch your weapons to front, side or back-firing whilst still dodging the hailstorm of shells coming your way. Pretty neat feature since enemies don't just come from the front as they always do in traditional games. They can come from the side and back too. But other than that, the game unfortunately has no unique appeal to it that makes it stand out from any other generic bullet-hell shooters. Although the overall package becomes dull and bland, if you're not bothered by those things, you can still get quite a good challenge from playing it and for its low, low price, I don't see why you shouldn't give it a shot."
,Recommended,314450,28914925,Posted: 1 January,all,Rockiwan,What can I say? It is a great game for father and son cant wait until my kid is 4 years and we can play the game together.  :)
76561198119604102,Recommended,314450,20844199,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shaost,"Star Saviors another one of the bullet hell genre of games, does it do anything more than what others have done ? no. But it is fun like others ? like hell it is (no pun intended).Graphics - Buller hell games really don't need that much graphic power, with using simple meshes (like this game does) it works perfectly. But this just can't be overlooked, the character models are taken out of a nightmare, and just put in there to haunt you for the rest of your life. If you can just pass this simple detail, everything else is fine. 6/10Music - Empowering, just the music it needs for the type of game it is. Mostly heard is metal, with a few dubstep sounds mixed within. If you love that kind of music, you are going to love this game. 7/10Cinematics - NoneStory - You as the reader, have probably heard this story over and over again, the story where you are the chosen one and you have to save the world. Now this may come as a suprise, but this game actually changes it (no it doesn't). You follow a relatively average campaign through the galaxy to prevent a war that is going to unfold at any moment. Also the game tells you multiple times that you are the chosen one, and that you are the only one who can do what you are doing. Although at the start of the campaing, you are given the choice between 3 characters, and while you are doing what you are doing, the other 2 characters are doing the same, but remember how you are the only one capable of doing this ? Well you are not. 5/10Content - For a game this cheap, it does have quite a bit of stuff hidden within it. A story campaign, which is roughly 18 missions, 3 character choices at the start, which have quite a bit of background story to them. Futhermore, the more you advance through the story, the more weapons and perks you unlock for your skills. Oh forgot to mention that each of the playable characters have a different playstyle. The first one is slow but with hard hiting weapons, the other one is fast with low to average damage, and the last one is average speed with average damage. Also it does other modes, separate from the campaign one. 8/10Controls - Responds perfectly to any command that you give, which is a must have for these type of games. 8/10Gameplay - Really fast paced, you don't have time to think about what you are going to do, as you are bombarded all the time. It does get progressively harder with every level, as it is expected. The bosses man were they hard, mostly that one at the 13'th level, but nothing a second (if only it were 2 tries) attempt couldn't fix. 7/10In spite of that, Star Saviors is a pretty solid entry for a game this cheap. It does have its flaws as does every game, but it does way too many things really well, that you can just look past the flaws. If you like these type of games, you won't regret buying this one.Final Score: 6.8/10"
,Recommended,314450,17217077,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,HonorableSEO,This game makes revolution ace look like a ♥♥♥♥♥!!That's how this♥♥♥♥♥♥is done!!
,Recommended,314450,29298260,Posted: 16 January,all,J$,"Very funny game, nice soundtrack and amazing gameplay.8/10"
,Recommended,314450,24236533,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Yang738,"I like playing it, but it's pretty repetitive and the Human faces look fugly.The music is decent, I really like some of the tracks but some are also  pretty repetitive and get boring after a few plays. One of the tracks sounds like the beginning of darude sandstorm.The bosses don't add much to the gameplay and some of them feel just like one big normal enemy.It was fun for me for one playthrough but there are much better Shoot 'em ups out there.I only reccomend it because for its price It's a really decent game."
,Not Recommended,314450,28086464,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Melwen,"In-game interface is not very integrated, I find myselft rarely looking at it. Just some numbers on the top of the screen would have worked.Difficulty is mostly based on overflowing the screen with enemies, instead of some few intelligent patterns of well disposed ones. They midly fix this with a images that warn you of what enemies and where they are going to appear, which is a thing I don't like very much. This is really a fix to mantain an error inside the game: too many enemies? Put few of them, make them harder, make them follow different movement patterns.There are moments in this game where you simply die because you don't know what is going to happen, so you have to play the level, die from a surprise, and prevent it the next time. Blowing up half your life or shield does not seem very fair to me.Also, the game expects you to lose some your shield and or life to certain barrages of bullets, instead of incentivating it's elusion. It would be more interesting if there was always a way to elude them, even if it was difficult.There are different weapons loadouts you can select, but some of them seem very similar to me. Also, I think the game expects you to grind a little. Grinding usually means not enought balance was put in the game.Music is good. Story is so-so. But, oh, the creepy faces from the briefings, they make me feel awkward. They are 3D animated faces which have an amateur feeling about them, they pretend to be serious faces but the result is exactly the opposite one. The son of the old man seems like an extremely abnormal person."
,Recommended,314450,19611072,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Kursed Mc.,"Pretty cool vertical shoot them up. The soundtrack is also amazing but it lacks variety and the faces animations on the briefing menu are kinda weird but that doesnt affect gameplay which btw is pretty fun and addicting, i do not reccomend playing this game for more than 2 hours in a row (may cause some epilepsy), also some of the boss battles remind me of one of my favourity games wich are hard by the way.  10/10 tottaly worth the value"
76561198011965365,Recommended,314450,26586189,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,This game is one hell of a game! The interface is well thought of and play on the highest difficult is a true bullet hell game!
,Recommended,314450,25489960,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Xas,"Decent Shooter game,Simply blows everything up in the chaos.Much varieties of fittings for shooting styles.The characters portrait looks hideous.The harder difficulties are too difficult for my standard.Majority of the Achievements are unreachable.Recommend only if its on offer or with a coupon."
76561198119393784,Recommended,314450,17145898,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RAINMAKER,great game got it on sale at 15p. 1 of the best shoot'em ups i have played good skill level great music fun to play.
,Recommended,314450,17146567,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,AntiSocialBoy,"For the absurd price of 0,19 its pretty game good game actually.Its has short campaign but lots of Wepon and enemy types + Survival and Multiplayer.I mean of course its not that great game compare this game to Sine Mora or Luftrausers its bad.But for the extremely low price its actually pretty decent !I can recommend buying of this game only for the 0,19 cents or definitely stay away !"
,Not Recommended,314450,29796128,Posted: 8 February,all,Masa,"Star Saviors is a very mediocre and generic space shoot 'em up.The game design and enemy waves are rather boring, the UI is poorly made, the graphics are often ugly, the sound effects are terrible and the story is absolute rubbish.Star Saviors is certainly not the best bullet hell experience on Steam like the developers claim or even a particularly good one. Not recommended.The good:- Nice variety of weaponsThe bad:- Uninspired enemy designs and attack patterns- Poor graphics and UI- Bad sound design- Hideous talking heads- Story is absolute rubbish"
,Recommended,314450,18217269,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[TOG] Whiskey,"Really liked it for 15p, did a little video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-AWyp-Yxyo"
,Recommended,314450,17231807,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Epitaph,"What to say about this game?If you blink, you are dead.Bought it after sell some cards (96% off), guessing that this game wasn't gonna be the big thing, but f*ck! I was totally wrong.This is a hell of a game, with simple but effective graphics and great gameplay, like Zero Wing or similars. You can't expect a so-deep-I-can-see-Adelle-rolling plot, but it's good enough for the context.Despite the prejudgements, the story mode didn't let me sleep the entire night, but I cut it off when died like fifty times against the same boss; really frustating. But when I woke up I beated the sh*t out of him.This game has the difficulty that many lacks, it's a challenge.Now, let's begin with the pros and cons (though I haven't beated the final boss yet):PROs:Wide weapon options.Three ships, with different characteristics.Cool explosions.Dynamic levels.Zero Wing nostalgia.Arcade and survival modes.Kick♥♥♥♥♥OST, it's really great. I bought it as DLC.I'm in the scoreboard list!!This isn't a ""piece of cake"" game. It may be short, but really defiant.Despite the difficulty, it's fair (Easy, Normal, Hard and Insane).Gives you the feel of ""YEAH I DID IT I WENT THROUGH THIS SH*T!!!!"" when you beat a boss.CONs:Characters' faces aren't the best.Ken's not just an arrogant Vegeta-like guy, he's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, seriously. What the hell is wrong with him?Little problems to get into the scenario at early levels, but later it figures out.Annoying bug against the laser's boss, when you stomp against the... Floor?To finish: Buy this game if you spare a few bucks, you won't regret it, specially if you like this kind of arcade and starships games. But, again: it's a challenge."
76561197999850394,Recommended,314450,18732416,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lov3toPlay,Awesome little title. Based on old arcade 'space-shooters' on a modern graphics engine. The game is an absolute 'Bomb' packed full of action. You will need a decent hand eye coordination getting through the levels and a strategic and thoughful way of weapons upgrades. As you will find that different weapons have more or less effective effect on the 'boses'. The graphics is real sharp and colourful. A greatly enjoyable game!
,Recommended,314450,18736627,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Double Uppercut,"Okay, is this game Saviors or Star Saviors? It's called Star Saviors on the main page, but the actual picture's title and the title on my download list says ""Saviors"". Well, which is it, Steam?Before I go completely off track, I was mildly surprised by Star Saviors. I know the Bullet Hell audience (a couple of my friends are part of that niche), and let me just say that they can be about as damned annoying as anime/manga fans.  Especially when a new Bullet Hell game comes out! Well, I decided to try this one out just for craps and giggles, and was a little more surprised with what I got than what I was expecting. This game isn't a masterpiece, but I had a lot of fun- while I was expecting a more dull game.Star Saviors functions like the classic ""your ship moving constantly forward, with all the other ships trying to blow you up"", fashion. You fly, and you shoot. But what Saviors has that made me love it a lot more than the old 1940's plane games I used to tear up back in the day, is that those amazing weapon upgrades that'd normally disappear in one hit in those arcade games are full-on upgrades you can unlock and combine with your weapons in whatever style you want, to maximize damage. No specific pattern of bullets is better than the other, since they all upgrade in damage at the same time, and that I really, really liked. Even the upgradeable perks system was a nice touch.Now, there IS a huge difficulty curve in this game you have to get over, and it can be a bit annoying at times, when you've got a sliver of health left on a boss and you die and have to start all the way back at the beginning, but it still manages to be fun with all the adversity I faced- and I even found it addicting.The story's short (as the main game's campaign is roughly 2 hours), but it's a little bit better than other indie arcade-reminiscent games I've played in a while. Mind you, I'm not saying this is Oscar-material. The enemies have no personality, and the guy and girl that follow you do no service to the plot (and honestly, no one on your Saviors team actually helps you shoot down enemies, which is weird at the end on one of your teammates says, ""I shot the most of them!""... BS! I shot ALL of them!""). And the character's faces look like a clay face forced back into an uncomfortable stare that are being telepathically controlled through their lips... It's honestly creepy to look at. But as far as characterization goes with the father and son, gave a small but nice touch. The other plot points were nonsensical and did nothing at all for me, but the moments when your dad encourages you and wants to make sure you stay safe were a slight touch of ""something more"" that this game has.Again, it's not perfect. The plot is really pointless, as you aimlessly fly from zone A to be, gunning down enemies, finishing a boss fight, and doing... something to forward your progress on saving your home planet. But it's still a fun game to throw 20 cents on. It's certainly worth that."
,Recommended,314450,18802318,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SPQR.VodKa,"Enjoyable game, poses a challenge at higher difficulty.Game becomes intense with the choice of music.Retro feeling"
,Recommended,314450,18822910,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,retox,Satisfying.
76561197999005955,Recommended,314450,18852220,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dust,"This game is a must buy for anyone who enjoys Shoot'em Ups. It has everything you want from one of these. Multiple difficulties, a decent amount of levels, a good amount of variation in guns and some very fun boss fights. The music to the game is also very good. I may have bought the game for only 20 cents (Or something simmilar), however I would have been willing to pay $10-$20 for it. The only real negative it has was that the text took a while to scroll and go onto the next set of text, leading me to stop reading the text towards the end of the game. From what I did read however, the story line seemed quite generic, but I never expected much of one from this style of game. Overall, I can not express enough how much I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,314450,18873943,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ruski Froggy,"Already 2 hours on easy campaign,well,i guess it will take even more to do it with all the difficulties..plus all the characters..im pretty sure this game will give you a lot of hours on it,but first of all,dont broke your pc/monitor when playing the 2 final bosses.Srsly,dont...well,all can i say it has good graphics for his kind of gen,and gameplay? its awesome! storyline? couldve been better,but overall i gave him a 8/10,for me its a great game,has its own momments like the rage..but eh,a game without rage is like life without air,but the storyline is..decent,well,screw it,why are you still reading these useless reviews,go and buy the damn game!"
,Recommended,314450,18979032,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,weyshon,"Savior. a simple and a great game. first time you play this and wonder ""what have I gotten myself into"", than you die. But for some reason, you keep on going (or flying). It's a challengeing game. This game activates all your senses, it is difficult, but not that difficult for you to shut down the game. A space shooter game, graphic not so advanced, but it's old, so it is ok. But the gamplay is great, the people in this game looks so weird and funny, that you forget what they talk about. Want to have fun and maybe make som progress in the game, play on 2 players mode. as the time goes by, you beat the game and the satsifaction from seeing the credit."
,Recommended,314450,17236000,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Krone,Realy good game!
,Recommended,314450,21401094,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ETHERIUM,Gameplay is cool if u love lightnings and destructions. its just so hard to avoid missiles from block to block movement.im a fan of all strikers series sonic wings etc.. so i enjoy this game.
76561198241068010,Recommended,314450,25435333,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,knight_of_diamond_77,"A good game for the price. Instead of bombs, the player has some shield and armor. As the stages go, the player will get many kinds of main and sub weapon and optional weapons."
76561198059610229,Recommended,314450,24529151,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Neto,"Do you enjoy epic games like R-type and similar games? If you do, Star Saviors is an awesome choice for you. Challenging and entertaining at the same time, you'll get totally hooked to it and as you level up, so does the game difficulty...lol....it's kinda hard to beat, but extremely entertaining. Try it!!"
,Recommended,314450,24297256,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Elemental Rage,I have been looking for a game like this for a long time. As soon as I played the first few seconds of the game I loved it. The game is cheep and is lots of fun. Do recommend to buy this game you will have lots of fun.
76561197966643880,Recommended,314450,28871929,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Savatage!,"This game is old skool in such a good way. It's been a while since I've enjoyed a vertical shooter like this. The soundtrack is great, visuals are brilliant. Well worth the asking price."
76561198172400881,Recommended,314450,26431302,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Alkahest,good game feels like if hyperspace invaders and the mechwarrior 3 had a child and it needed seirodes to survive420/20
,Recommended,314450,24882270,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BlackFilter,"Amazing game, worth the money and even more!I love how you can customize your ship's weaponry and also the feature where you can change the direction of your secondary weapon sideways, makes it unique compared to other hellbullet games."
,Recommended,314450,25387657,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Gagaman,"Really pleasantly surprised by this low budget indie shmup. Plays really nicely, has a lot of variety in the choice of weapons and upgrades as you progress and seems to be packed with content. Some pretty funky tunes in there too. If you can ignore the erm...let's just say presentation of the story mode (namely those character portraits, yeesh) you will find a deep and enjoyable shooter that is also pretty challenging yet satisfying. Absolutely worth a go considering it's being given away for pocket change."
,Recommended,314450,23047491,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,paktusjet,"I just did my first play through of this game and I enjjoyed every minute of it. Granted you have to not pay much attention to the graphics... especially the characters as you are being briefed. That jaw line... just wow... BUT! I did play through on easy and just when I thought the game was to easy I died... Then after a little embarrasment I tried again.. and died.. So after multiple attempts I beat the game on easy. I don't see myself playing this game a lot, but it's one that I'm glad to have in my library to go back to every once in a while and play. I did enjoy the soundtrack and I will say besides the graphics the only upset that I had about the game was it was a one and done play through. 18 levels of non stop shooting and maybe an arcade play here and there. I would recommend a little more content :(5/10 graphics8/10 soundtrack"
,Recommended,314450,24338950,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,m00nlightsh4d0w,worth the money
76561198042848874,Recommended,314450,24345396,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jasondamisch,I only paid .50 cents for this thing.  I was not expecting much.  I'd pay 10x as much after playing it once.   The guys who wrote this ought to give themselves a break and increase the price.  Its worth a play through if you like the genre.
76561198062211924,Recommended,314450,24311681,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Salty Finn,I bought this game because it was cheap and had trading cards. When I tried the game it was actually a pretty nice shoot 'em up with a decent soundtrack. I higly recommend buying this game if you've some extra money on steam.
76561198137394314,Recommended,314450,26502114,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,NECROPHILE,"I've just played the game 10 minutes, but my fingers hurt like after an hour playing the piano. Yeah, 10/10"
,Recommended,314450,19861871,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✪ ĐooмŖдпgєг ✪ #Exams,"This 2D game is not bad Its quite the game, 2D quality LOL reminds me when I was a little gamer around the age of 6 when I had my first X-Box. Really brings back the old timesSo THUMBS UP"
,Recommended,314450,17759281,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,LiquidxAngel,"I have to say that I really enjoy this game.  If I had to describe it - I'd say it was a top-down bullet hell that is one part ""Life Force"" (NES) and one part sci-fi rpg (perk system & weapons customization).It's quite fun.  It gives me a bit of the nostalgia feels.If you're looking for great graphics - this isn't for you.If you're looking for in-depth customization - this isn't for you.If you're looking for a solid sci-fi bullet hell that is satisfying in a way that harkens back to the days of GOOD earlier gaming, buy it."
,Recommended,314450,17227463,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AcidJumper,Need longer story mode. I need more!
,Recommended,314450,18139856,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,kw music mode,"bought it when it's on sale, quite a good game for relax use. The gameplay is good plus there's a co-op mode where you can enjoy the game with friends. it's a game worth its price."
,Recommended,314450,18139890,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tararabbit111279,"I purchased this game for 0.19$ during a sale. For the price this is an excellent bullet hell game. 3 different ships to chose from, You can alter your weapons, side weapons and bombs. If you like bullet hell games this is a great addition if you can snag it on sale."
76561198208803637,Recommended,314450,17796497,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ace of Legends,dried out my eyes concentrating too hard. 11/10. this game was gr8. even if the characters look like they are made out of play-doh when they talk
,Recommended,314450,18139720,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Eldramesha,"Generally competent shoot'em up in the traditional ""bullet hell"" vein. Reminds me very much of Linux games and Windows indie titles from the mid 2000s. A solid effort for a 5 person team with a good soundtrack and reasonably well thought out mechanics. Could use some major graphics work though in terms of art design. Even at full price this is a reasonable purchase, on sale it's a steal."
,Recommended,314450,17737399,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dragon,"The fellas behind this game have spent years studying the greats: Ikaruga, Raiden, and Radiant Silvergun, and more, to figure out their mechanics, difficulty balance, and challenge...... so they say...... and it is true!I dare to say, for ""bullet hell/shmup"" genre, this one of the best (newer) games I've played!Great visuals, awesome music, simple yet intuitive gameplay, different kinds of primary and secondary weapons, unlocking perks...It even has a story! (didn't pay attention, was too focused on gameplay)In my opinion, for the fans of this genre, this game is a must play."
76561198179962105,Recommended,314450,19668405,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,silverlunastar39,"I just turned this on for the first time and beat it in a sitting. Will I ever play it again? No. But was it worth the $0.50 sale price? Sure.I really, really, REALLY hate to say this, but the worst part about this game is the graphics. Try and look at the pilots without grimacing. Try it. Bet you can't. The core game looks well enough, albeit very simple and bland.So how about the game itself? It starts pretty simple: shoot some bullets, dodge some bullets. The difficulty slowly ramps through a surprisingly long arcade mode. I'm a bit of a vet and the last few stages had me going. So there's that.Soooo...is this game worth buying? If you really like top down shooters, go for it. Taoplan, Cave, and Treasure it is not. But for $0.50? Meh. It was enteraining enough. I still skipped right through the story because those faces were god awful to look at, though."
,Recommended,314450,18888240,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,bakaneko,"STOP! DROP! ROLL!(Or Barrel Roll)- This isNOTa drill!Want some good, fast and furious entertainment? Want it NOW? Look no further!Star Saviors (aka""Saviors"") is the evolution of tried and true top-down warplane scrollers with a big reboot on playability.Set somewhere in the future, you begin as a lone wolf pilot vigilante set on eliminating a vast and seemingly endless alien invasion, from Earth to the depths of space, across various stages and missions. (Features Co-Op for when you need to yell excitedly;""Haha! The fun has been DOUBLED!""Spoiler:If you dislike MLP, don't click the link)Don't let the initialfish-mouthpolygon faces deter you from embracing some of the most capivating gameplay you will come across in the expansive titles available on Steam - this is one game you willnever regret or forget!Incredibly smooth playing style, rapid progression, agreeable difficulty adjustments, and the most metal-go-get-'em beyond awesome music throughout the stages that will have your ears craving more (like mouth-watering deliciousness), keeping you riveted right on the edge of your seat!Fun, fast, fantastic! Here's how Star Saviors racks up:AspectsScoreGraphics6/10Gameplay8/10Audio9/10Still not convinced? Just take a look at some of the gameplay previews available to get a very brief idea on how badly this game needs to be yours. You might just want to kick yourself if you pass up on this gem, because it is certain to be a winner in your game collection!"
76561197984740258,Recommended,314450,35156925,Posted: 23 September,all,Arno31415,"You can't go far wrong for 99 cents, and as it turned out, I didn't - and I bought it on a discount! A perfectly fine bullet hell game sold for a ridiculously low price. The soundtrack amped up the excitement, but don't play it for the story."
76561197972276543,Recommended,314450,19433169,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blackop,Jonas is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10
,Recommended,314450,19316588,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,WHEATLEY,I loved every hour played in this game.
,Recommended,314450,23496289,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fayt,Saw this little game on sale and thought hmm might as well try it out and it is a really fun game for the price. The game has good balancing of difficulty and entertaining soundtrack. However the characters faces creep me out.Gameplay 4/5Graphics 2.5/5Replayability 4/5Price 5/5Soundtrack 5/5Overall 3.9/5 and worth the price for it's flaws.
76561198058698163,Not Recommended,314450,26158928,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Doli Incapax,"I want to like this SMUP with nice music, but it simply will not accept new key bindings."
,Recommended,314450,26200994,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,High-Functioning Socioppath,Good Game for me!!!A Raiden-like game with some of the Mushihimesama's difficultyThe bad thing about this  game is just the lack of detail just like projectile's and explosion's particles
,Recommended,314450,17971851,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zetsabre,if u are able to play this game and the game not crashed it is not too bad at allPros :-There are tons of achievements-Variable weapons-Some extra skills (perks) available-Has trading cards-Good graphics for gameplayCons :-Weird character's face-So much bullet hell(even laser hell)-Too much achievement for me (I would never able to reach 100% clear achievement)-Ultra thin shield (hit twice by projectile and shield down[so weak~])-Story not interesting for me (so I skip it)overall 7/10Worth it for 0.19$
,Recommended,314450,17225975,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gowhart,
76561198170007625,Recommended,314450,17726247,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,alterem,"John has sex-apple...Seriously, 3D Model looks like Donald Trumps"
76561198070697713,Recommended,314450,17204030,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dakarus,I wanted to laugh my guts out when I saw the character portraits
76561198072395033,Recommended,314450,22887671,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dissident,"The game is great considering it's so cheap, it's not a technical marvel (quite ugly at times to be honest) but it plays well. The highlight for me however, is the soundtrack, it is worth the asking price just because of it, no doubt."
,Recommended,314450,24353128,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,"Note: I idled for cards for ~13 hours (rip) so my actual playtime as of posting this review is almost 9 hours.Pros :- Great soundtrack.- Different modes with a good amount of levels.- Can be played for many hours so it's not one of those short 99 cent games.- Has plenty of achievements.- Has trading cards.- It's really cheap.- Full controller support (not that I have a working one) and leaderboards too.Cons :- There's an issue(?) with some of the achievements. Read this thread for more info -link.Neutral :- The game has 4 difficulties : easy, normal, hard, insane. Easy is ez pz. On the other hand normal was quite hard for me. It even says in the info ""The intended way to play which is rather difficult"". So I can't imagine what will it be like on the other 2 difficulties. For me this is a drawback but if you're amasochisthardcore player that likes challenges it's probably a benefit.Conclusion :I bought Star Saviors for 20-ish cents, I think, which is a steal. Even at full price it's worth buying it. Having a good deal more pros than cons makes this a must-buy if you're into shoot 'em up games. Hell, at the price I paid you can just idle for cards and get ""Star Saviors"" for free by selling them on the community market."
76561198113014119,Recommended,314450,32853214,Posted: 27 June,all,Shadow Ops,"Star Saviorsfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game."
76561197970053471,Recommended,314450,29351978,Posted: 19 January,all,NightRogue,"I have a gazillion games and I hardly ever review any of them... how odd.  Well I will start up with this one.I almost feel bad for this developer since I paid all of I think .50 with my badge coupon. While I enjoy not spending a lot of money on entertainment, I almost think I should torrent it or something rather than give someone what amounts to I think .15 for a copy of their hard work.  Love Steam but dannngggggg....  I speak regular language; certainly not going to try to pass myself off as some pro game reviewer with IGN-style review-ery language, so...If you enjoy games like Ikaruga, or any number of other top down shooters then there is no reason to think you will not enjoy this game.  Action is fast, there are some light upgrading elements and different weapon configs that you unlock and when you combine that with 3 different ship bases (slow, average, fast, with the comparable weapon differences for those ""classes"") you get a good bit of variety in what you can play and how you can do it over the course of the game, although you are pressed into using some of the later unlocked weapons regardless of your preferrences due to increases in power as you go.  Although the later weapons are certainly more fun to use and look at so not sure if you would even want to stick with the initial weapons you have access too.The idea of only getting ""hit"" when you are struck in the dead center of your ship is nice, and I think I've only seen this in one other shooter I've played so it's rather unique.The music is nice and up beat and suitably odd/unique and fits well with the gameplay.Graphics are very good but nothing that's going to rock your socks, nor should you expect that from <$2.00Good mash up of enemies and a nice rhythm with some cool boss fights with your typcial ""learn the firing patterns"" gameplay.There is a story.  It's a story lol.Good game a nice brisk change from some of your more ""involved"" games.  A nice overall arcade shooter.7/10 will fly and read text again."
,Recommended,314450,18808758,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AviatorCat,"The game is wonderful, but the faces are nightmare-inducing. I literally almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when it first popped up."
,Recommended,314450,23752183,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✪ Little Teo ✪,"i bought this game just for a joke cuz it is called Saviors name of the walking dead rick enemies...i thought this game would be♥♥♥♥♥♥lol...bought it cuz it was only 0,24€...but game is amazing guys...buy it and play it with your friend.game is so much fun i enjoy playing the game <3 buy the game it is worth more then 1€."
,Recommended,314450,19485546,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shroud3d,"Bought this for 24c on some sale. If you're going to throw a few pennies into an arcade machine, it might as well be this one. Fun little bullet hell shooter that never gets too crazy, but is reasonably varied while it lasts. Finishing normal mode will not take more than 2 hours, after which you can try the other modes if you wish. But even for just 2 hours of fun it's a reasonable price."
,Recommended,314450,28996283,Posted: 3 January,all,SPACE™,It is basically anArcade Gameon the pc wiht no lag on wodden pc's. It takes you back to the 90's where arcades were super hyped up and i would recommend you try this game out as i had a lot of fun while playing this Title.
,Recommended,314450,25455009,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Alpha Lesbian,This game is wonderful and has lots of replay value becuase of multipul ending and a BADASS soundtrackthe character models are a little weird but trust me once you get to know the charactersthey will absolutley grow on you
,Recommended,314450,21421244,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,true nig nog,"those ♥♥♥♥ing faces man, like, they are the worst nightmare fuel"
76561198031610276,Recommended,314450,19649711,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,HellFalcon,"Quite good Bullet Hell game.While graphics are below average, gameplay itself is very good:- levels' difficulty is balanced- boss fights are challenging- wide variety of weaponry and ship upgrades- score mechanics are similar to best-in-class Bullet Hell games- a few modes of gameplay and a few characters with different perks to select fromTaking into account that Saviors is even cheaper than Free-To-Play games when on sale, this game is surely ""must have""(it has cards and cards worth more than 19 cents)"
,Recommended,314450,18901863,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,♫ El Chino ♫,the gameplay is great but the human face models are terrible pls fix or get rid of them
76561197968726862,Recommended,314450,19573185,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,zzxxbbaa,"I am quite impressed for the price of this game. Honestly, I didn't expect much at this price. This game is just like raiden except the bullets and the set up are different. Even if you sell all the cards, you will get back the price of the game.Conclusion: Highly recommended, when it's discounted  (you can't go wrong with this price)"
,Recommended,314450,20799426,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,devourerofmemes,"Considering Star Saviors is cheaper than a lot of peoples morning coffee, if you like shmups buy it. After getting over some of the lack luster 3d models, you'll enjoy a decent shooter with plenty of weapon options, interesting bullet patterns and a sound track with at least a few songs you'll be glad to hear repeat."
,Recommended,314450,21023249,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PhyberLogik,"Highly recommend this if you're into shmups and bullethells. Great gameplay, awesome music. The graphics for the pilots are butt-ugly but you spend so little time looking at them it really doesn't make any difference. Did I mention the AWESOME MUSIC!?"
,Recommended,314450,17147758,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Steph,"EDIT - Looks like I have to fix my review due to the very fast coop tag fix by the developers. It shows you that they do actually read everyones comments/suggestions. :)If online coop comes to this game, hopefully someone will send me a notice because I would love to experience that aspect of this game.It's not a bad game for the 19 cents. You should make most of your money back, give or take a cent or two. I love Raiden-type games like this."
,Recommended,314450,17293791,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ÐU̷̷F̷̷C̷̷~,This Game Like A Russians
76561198191311998,Recommended,314450,20823254,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dreecko,It's great! Had so much fun playing this game.
,Not Recommended,314450,34990554,Posted: 16 September,all,Ndom,Not much different from any top down space shooter games.
,Not Recommended,314450,33472283,Posted: 11 July,all,|GBI| Chelsea-chan,"This game is everything you want a shoot-em-up have, yet nothing very special about. It's graphically uninteresting, lacks any new features or implementations, and as generic as it could possibly get. It's stupidly cheap so you can forgive it for that. I don't recommend spending money on it, there are better alternatives to this game, I'm pretty sure."
,Not Recommended,314450,24030050,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RedWormCharlie,"It's a top scroller shooter, nothing new. Backgrounds are boring and uninsteresting. The weapons are boring. The enemies are all the same. It's just standard for a top down scroller."
,Recommended,314450,17147853,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Cloodden,Edit: The issue with false tags has been fixed.False steam page! It has a tag for local co-op and a seperate tag for co-op. While there truly is only local co-op. This is selling this for real money. This is considered fraud wich is illegal in most country's. I don't know any country that doesn't have fraud stated as illegal.For the game itself. I haven't played enough of it to realy tell about. Maybe I'll update this later. But this is highly unlikely.
,Recommended,314450,17872497,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,Great and Addictivecan bring yov back to arcade era haha
,Not Recommended,314450,24660076,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Playboi Edy,the characters in this game looks creepy. draw your characters than to have some fancy 3D charcters. or dont add any face.
76561198038170722,Recommended,314450,26206948,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Acubens,"MASTERPIECE, MUST BUY!+ Very fast-paced Dodonpachi-style (but with shield) gameplay! (It IS really awesome!)+ SUPER-CHEESY Text! The text is SOOO BAD it is good.+ Very cool ship and pilot customizations / upgrades+ Lots of replaying potential+ Awesome PS1-style Graphics+ Oh yeah. The gameplay is sweet+ CHEAP! OMFG! CHEAP!You see, no negative aspects. Oh wait- Made me re-install like, 6 times wanting moreSummaryImagine sweet love of Dodonpachi, Zanac Neo and Tyrian, and add cheesy, you gotSTAR SAVIORS!"
76561198119731825,Recommended,314450,24084510,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,☑ Verified Noob [inactive],"IMHO this game REALLY IS worth it's FULL original price! I really enjoy this game and added it to my favourites.VERY SMOOTH graphics and KEYBOARD controls (no mouse controls there due to different ship speeds). VERY good playability. It was the awesome experience for me. Many gameplay configurations, so good replayability.And I love the soundtrack... <3I expected a plain clone of old-good ""The 4th Generation"", but I gotmorethan expected and in 3D...I had no technical problems - the game works out-of-the-box. The price is more than reasonable.You proposed another game in your negative reviews, but I enjoyed this one more.Faces look strange, but hey... all you need is to read the text or skip it with a button. It is a 90s style modern space shooter with nice price...I like the replay function. When you see someone with hell-high score on top 10 table, you can download his replay and watch how he did that score (you can easily detect cheaters that way :D ).I love the zero-policy on cheating!!!And the game has a native support for 160FPS.It has trading cards, so you may trade them, but I bought it for the gameplay. Anyway, I crafted the badge and got a nice background. I will craft more... The galaxy background is magnificent...Game is compatible with the Steam overlay.EDIT: I got the main game on sale for approx. a quarter. Now I bought the OST for the full price without discounts and I am satisfied. I pi## on any empty downvote below my review. I enjoy this game!This game is often on sale, so try it! At least you will be playing trading-car-simulator = aka win-win!I nominated this game to The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” !"
76561197991225117,Recommended,314450,22875480,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DrunkonEstus,"The game description invokes some big names, but let's establish one thing right away: This is not a game that follows in the footsteps of games like Ikaruga or Radiant Silvergun; the production values on display and certain design decisions keep Star Saviors from that epic tier level of shmups. Fortunately, Star Saviors has a lot of things going for it that make it absolutely worth playing, particularly if you're new or not so skilled at shmup/bullet hell games.A major talking point is the price. It's very low for a game with as much content and competence on display here, and in a way I almost feel like the price sends a message that the game is crappier than it is. However, there's a very noticable low-poly almost amateur level to the character models and story presentation, but in a shmup game this isn't of importance and it's bizarre how much the story is pushed by the developers considering their study of the ""shmup greats"".But enough of all that, you say, how does it play? For a one dollar game, pretty damn well. I jacked it up to 1440p and blazed ahead at 120 fps, with smooth movement and easy dodging using a Dualshock 4. Games like Ikaruga have a certain elegance to the way the enemies approach and attack you, and in many ways a perfect run of a shmup like that is a beautifully coreographed dance between the player and the AI. In Star Saviors' case many enemies just come at you without an identifiable pattern, but it's clear a lot of throught and time was put into making sure that it felt good to shoot the enemies and to have bullet patterns that are always dodgable.As a veteran of this genre, I thought the game was quite easy at first. The ships have a shield that can take a hit before you start losing ""hull damage"", meaning that you can fail to dodge quite a bit before losing a life. If you are a veteran, however, Star Saviors has multiple difficulty modes and customizations to tailor the experience to you. To be clear: You can approach this game at any skill level with the genre and have a good time, with veterans missing some more advanced systems and newbies able to ease themselves into the genre using this game without being overwhelmed at the start.Ikaruga has a brilliant chaining system with the color changing, Radiant Silvergun had a massive variety of attacks on one ship as well as chaining based on the colors of the enemies. Sine Mora has a beautiful presentation of it's story and art design. Star Saviors does not meet any of the lofty levels of these greats, but the price is an unaviodable factor that makes it much easier to accept the things it does do right. If you love this genre and play it to death, a buck towards these devs might help to allow them to continue refining their craft and maybe realize their dream of releasing an epic-tier shmup. You'll have a good time regardless on the higher levels, and the RPG-like ship customizations after each story level offers a nice change of pace. If anyone has made it this far and has an interest in the genre, but might feel intimidated by the often high level of difficulty and skill required - this is absolutely your excellent starting point and the price couldn't be easier to swallow to see if these kind of games can be for you. If it turns out that they are, do realize that there's a next level and proceed to move on to more pricey but higher quality titles like Astebreed, Ikaruga, Radiant Silvergun, and any game made by Cave.Star Saviors may not reach the high goals set by the titles it aspires to, but it's amazing that a $1 title can even make an honest attempt at that level. I recommend it to anyone who's curious or even anyone who enjoys arcade space shooters. I'd say the amount of words and time I've spent even talking about a game at this price level should say a lot."
76561198001215685,Recommended,314450,22884913,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,gilbert12113,"Did I pay this less than 1$? Yes, I did. This game is a very good shmup+bullet hell with progression (you get a few points to allocate to perks/upgrades).Three play styles, 4 or 5 difficulty levels, some story, scoring, co-op, survival, etc. For 1$. This game should get the ""best buy of the year"" award.Gil"
76561197970493602,Recommended,314450,22856636,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rick.pollock,I'm an old gamer ... love this ! It's a buck ... can't go wrong.
,Not Recommended,314450,18146983,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SweCookie,Boring
76561198276276430,Recommended,314450,30228846,Posted: 27 February,all,cyconet101,Jumped into Arcade mode right away on normal..This game is a sweet old school scrolling shooter. On hard I'm sure it would have eaten my lunch money back in the day.. But I own it for a quarter..nice
,Recommended,314450,21868295,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,RoseVectorBatGaming,Have to say I have played my fair share of bullet hell games and this one has giving me a new feel on the bullet hell gameplay. I like the level system and also how you can change your gear between missions to you it wont feel the same each play which brings about hour of replay. Nice going devs. You have my love for the next game coming out <3
76561198135538727,Recommended,314450,22734430,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DeadlyDan,First impressions but I can tell this Shmup is one of the good one's.Awesome Shmup.Instant classic in my opinion.Reminds me a little bit of the CAVE style Shmups which I like.Heaps of features should keep you engrossed for quite some time.Highly recommended.Defaults to keyboard so make sure you change to controller in the game's settings if you have/use one.
76561198037932911,Recommended,314450,22684096,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FuckEddie,"Think this game as Ikaruga's little brother, he may seem like no fun to hang out with, but if you give him a chance, you might just warm up to him!"
76561198133301667,Recommended,314450,20300940,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KoDan76,"HOLD THAT FINGER ON ""Z"" !"
,Recommended,314450,26761215,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Popo,(INDONESIA)Musik nya begitu cetar menggelegar dan sangat epic sekali..Cocok dimainkan semua umurGameplay ala dodonpachi..worth to buy game bundle pack 3rb dapet TIGAAAAA!!wkwkwk
,Recommended,314450,24795644,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,HenrikNor,I bought the game because of steam trading cards(It took 3 hours to collect all cards)I recommend this game due to steam trading cards (buy the game when it's on sale)
,Recommended,314450,25580654,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Enya,good if you like bullet hellsugly character models/10
,Recommended,314450,22925889,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,WaaX,"It says I own this game, I do not.It says it's in my Steam library, it is not.10/10 best game I never played."
76561198087262443,Recommended,314450,33107198,Posted: 1 July,all,Jakobs~F,recommend!
,Recommended,314450,17228519,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MarioBataliJr,"Trading cards cost more than the game, 10/10"
76561198095147305,Recommended,314450,22882239,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,I_love_hl2,Bullet Rain
,Recommended,314450,22885132,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,tekkendapiss,"Purchased in a sale for the princely sum of 19p.This game is not a perfect shmup, but it does one thing really well. It's a lot of fun. The first couple of levels seem a little dry, but the game does improve as you progress. There are plenty of weapons. And the sountrack is surprisingly good.Tidy little game - worth a lot more than the 19p I paid. A argain."
,Recommended,314450,31874647,Posted: 20 May,all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,Cool.
,Recommended,314450,32153632,Posted: 3 June,all,Ge0force,Excellent shoot 'em up with a great soundtrack. Well done sharpened Edge Studios!
76561198027954897,Recommended,314450,32247071,Posted: 7 June,all,tdknexus,Surprisingly good
,Recommended,314450,28415106,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MeA,Nice game for time killing. Not boring tho
,Recommended,314450,28308184,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hawk,muthafukken sick♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198123847310,Recommended,314450,28240472,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Chaivegetable,VERY WORTH IT! (Y)
,Not Recommended,314450,21433327,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Alex Krauser 333,Pros:-The graphics are ok-Good controls-The uninstall button works fineCons:-The game is broken in tutorial already. If you change to gamepad you'll gonna be stuck in the part the game teaches you how to use the secondary weapon.-The ID character limitation is too short-The music is repetitive and annoying
76561198069591346,Not Recommended,314450,28410916,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,hardyj850,This game feels like something a first year game design student would turn in fr an assignment. Simple 2D repetative gameplay and mindless monodirectional enemies make for either a VERY retro experince or a plain bad game.
,Not Recommended,314450,33259425,Posted: 4 July,all,N E A R H A N,"Its one of those space games ala Space Invaders but with much more bullet hell features thrown in. The game has a weird mechanic where you can hit a button and it switches to sideways firing guns to shoot enemies sideways. This is all well and dandy until you realize it isn't a gimmick anymore and you really have to use it as enemies start spawning from the sides and even from below. A challenging game, for sure. But nothing really special here to differentiate itself. Oh, and it has survival, arcade and a story mode if that helps. With CGI cutscenes. Well, more like those weird talking heads from late 90's RPG's, and looks like its from that era too. Not recommended."
76561197970736031,Recommended,314450,22920800,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,McKeifus,"Puts the Hell in Bullet Hell, and it's a $.  No brainer."
76561198112654332,Recommended,314450,20104337,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheAlmighty1,"Whats with the control scheme, it doesn't allow player one to use a controller, but player two can! screw the keys, I want to use a control on it.I finally got a wired xbox 360 controller, n as savioursjohn said, it works with that on 1st player."
,Recommended,314450,29402595,Posted: 21 January,all,NutRiSari_Susu🐙,Not bad laaa.
76561198106714337,Recommended,314450,30593779,Posted: 18 March,all,FarGames,good game.
76561198101264623,Recommended,314450,30861860,Posted: 31 March,all,SuloGetsRekt,very good bang for a buck 4/5 because faces creep me out
76561198286620532,Recommended,314450,30316106,Posted: 4 March,all,selver_zenica,ok
,Recommended,314450,22125646,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,314450,26605776,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Oblitus,a masterpiece for 40 cents10/10
,Recommended,314450,26737732,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Minachii,For that money its good xD
,Recommended,314450,26740585,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,STAVRE,I recommend to people who have free time.
,Recommended,314450,35450143,Posted: 3 October,all,MiSOKA⁴,"This is one of those games that you idle for cards, then forget about it until one day you end up playing it and falling in love.Classic vertical shooter, reminds me a lot of the coin op classic RAIDEN.PROS~Many game modes~Huge Variety of Ships and Weapon combinations~Huge variety of enemies~Selectable difficulty~AWESOME musicCONS~ I think the game could have been scaled down a bit. The characters seem too big for the screen and a bit out of scale. Perhaps a perspective like Skyforce 2014 (app) would have been more effective.~ Not as ""bullety"" as some bullet hell games.~ Running into massive trees"
,Recommended,314450,30108518,Posted: 22 February,all,Andersven77,"not bad, but not brilliant.  I'll give it a thumbs up tho"
,Not Recommended,314450,35511207,Posted: 5 October,all,ForGamezCZ,no
,Not Recommended,314450,17913325,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ruphine,"Stopped working when starting mission 2Intended to get refund but I forgot due to college task crap.Ask the community but no respond at all.So, I just play it minimized for the cards..."
,Not Recommended,314450,24173160,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Burakku Jakku,i bought this for literally a quarteryou get what you pay for
,Recommended,314450,22576016,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kavkaz,Great soundtrack (Darude - Sandstorm)
76561198151777533,Recommended,314450,22458204,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sgt.Artin801 Away for a year,I like the audio very much
,Recommended,314450,34261867,Posted: 15 August,all,DSmokE,great game
,Not Recommended,314450,24041911,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Adonexus,"Revolution Ace is better if you're looking for a galiga remaster. This game has, a lot, of boring, long, drawn out, explanations, that involve, strange, human looking, models, that, somewhat, appear, alien, but, often, not, and, talk, really, choppy, and, annoying, and, get, in, the, way, all the time yeah you get the point, just go get Revolution Ace."
,Not Recommended,314450,21286015,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,PremiumShiny,Uhh... Didn't let me play single player. Graphics look like they were from the 90s and yh... Crashed when I loaded up story mode
,Not Recommended,314450,18271556,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Cranmore,Game sucks. only buy for trading cards you probably won't be able to sell later.
76561198192651366,Recommended,314450,22614655,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SingulariD,run the game > go to settings > pick the hardest mode> quit life.
,Not Recommended,314450,17875297,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shinigami,"Crazy and insane people with inhuman reflexes: enjoy!Others should steer clear.Easy mode game is kind of fun, anything above easy kills you before you understand what the hell is going on. And it will give you a terrible headache in the process."
,Not Recommended,314450,18796858,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,deeplogic,"The game's mechanics are terrible. The enemies simply use your keyboard input as a targeting mechanic, the result being similar to the simple plastic mechanical games that you used to find at dollar stores. I was a huge fan of Galaga. I played it wherever I could find it. My friends always knew when I was younger that, if I went missing, to just look for the closest Galaga game. I love the format, but this doesn't do it justice.Beyond that, I found the dialog irritating. The author seemed to think they were being witty, or tongue-and-cheek, but it just came across as childish and ignorant. What the teacher says during the tutorial, for instance, stands behind the premise that you have somehow forgotten what you're doing and constantly surfaces how silly it is. The author is trying to say that tutorials are silly in the first-place, as your character should already know what they're doing. Of course, a tutorial is always needed when undertaking a new task. Why would we assume our character isn't just learning how to fly a ship? Why would we imply that they already know how to fly one, but have just forgotten for some reason?Sorry, I just had to rant. It's a top-down shooter; you could care less about the dialog. So, then, in conclusion: This game is a horrible example of the format with nothing to elevate it beyond others in its genre and isn't worth the 19 cents I paid for it. I've uninstalled it and can safely say that not even the most boring of Saturday afternoons can make me second-guess that decision."
,Recommended,314450,22657150,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Gelaro,this game so highest game! lowest price!
76561198055413829,Not Recommended,314450,35037789,Posted: 17 September,all,Toast Tyrant,"Stale and boring, but cheap so harmless"
,Not Recommended,314450,24773339,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,"Jerma - ""You got a problem?""","Saviours is about a young girl from the big city trying to make it in space as the worlds best dishwashing machine, enjoy the graphic visuals of bleeding mouths and♥♥♥♥♥♥in mouths (literally).Very informative in regards to the way the world would be in the future.But I'm going to have to not recommend it since there was just not enough gameplay for my thighs."
,Recommended,314450,17353189,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Master,"Not an easy game, but its fun."
76561197984615881,Recommended,314450,22842265,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,hawkulous,"Well i have played 2 hours so far, I paid R6.50 (<$0.50) and i had a good time and you get steam cards. Don't expect the same quality as Cave,Treasure, Psykio, Seibu etc but for the price it is a nice distraction for a few minutes."
,Recommended,314450,19505445,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Layers[2147483647],"This game might seem easy, trust me it isn't, or maybe my english is so bad that I messed up Insane with normal."
76561198051975015,Recommended,314450,22893998,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Savrocky,"fun, challanging, and must try by yourself. it is worth buy ths game if u like this type game"
,Recommended,314450,22932023,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wiitennessee,Decent bullet-hell style shooter. The character faces may haunt your nightmares though.
,Recommended,314450,22852780,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,GamerStar,good gameplay fun
,Not Recommended,314450,20723017,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,FlcN,This is something my grandpa would play.
,Recommended,314450,22662335,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,° MakaroneN,50/100
76561197993333128,Not Recommended,314450,23030010,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,kanethewanderer,7 minutes in is enough for me.  No mouse controls.  Refund.
,Recommended,314450,33539301,Posted: 14 July,all,LoverFromUFA,yes!
76561198130443231,Not Recommended,314450,33903506,Posted: 30 July,all,Anubus53,"Pros: Bullet madness, decent 3DCons: horrible character 3D, mediocre upgrade system, no mouse controlSeems to be inspired by Tyrian but falls short in many aspects in and out of gameplay."
76561197995491919,Not Recommended,314450,19251112,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,endril,"Everything about this shooter is below average.I'd accept this as a free flash game, maybe."
,Not Recommended,314450,22898595,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Gotta admit that level progression and guns diversity is pretty good in this game.I'm giving a negative review because the game is one of the ugliest things i've played. Ships looks all like liveless grey boxes, feels like just pressing fire and dodging colors, because there's nothing to see."
,Not Recommended,314450,18204966,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Capt.Cool,"Cheap game. Lacks any elegance. Does not fit into the category ""Retro"" because of modern, but still ugly graphics. Everything looks generic and cheap.2 Player coop mode is a plus, but I would not dare to present a friend of mine such a game. There are much better shoot em up games out there like SYDER ARCADE.For me even the 19 Cents were wasted."
,Recommended,314450,22729327,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dollahashbrown,You can find a video of me playing this game here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_HCoKp05HgI really enjoyed my time with it! For the cost of the game it is a really terrific value!
,Not Recommended,314450,22907178,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sin,"For it's price, I can't really complain I suppose. But this game was pretty bad. If you have no money to spare, it might be a good purchase. If you have $5 just pick up another game of this type. There are many of them, and they are much more appealing."
,Recommended,314450,29328418,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,Don't want to get invested into it so here's a review
,Recommended,314450,30549359,Posted: 16 March,all,🚫 Blindshot skinsjar.com,Rly funny and good game
,Not Recommended,314450,18263690,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Deredere,"it have'nt slow movement , a important conditions in bullet hell games , and weak weapon , instead of OP weapon like another games"
,Not Recommended,314450,18865699,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,White Sheep,"The game is a classic shoot them up. Initial impression of the first 3 hours is good. You unlock certain attacks after going through the levels, and level up your ship. After the completion of the easy campaign, you lose all your unlocks and starts over, which I don't like. Also, certain starting weapon types are just not good to start with. Once you fall behind, the levels gets even harder since there is no way to grind for more experience. I don't feel the motivation to continue playing."
,Not Recommended,314450,28464264,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ratatosk5,"Gameplay is Michael Bay incarnate.Also I can't use down left on my controller, bleh."
,Recommended,314450,17173278,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,¡TUSK3N¡ - discord.gg/4RJrpKg,"Great game,to idle for cards."
,Not Recommended,314450,20700722,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Xeno[Kh4n],BOOOOOOOOOORIIIIIIIING GAME .. DON'T WASTE TIME OR MONEY AS I DID >=C
76561198301656698,Recommended,314450,22860112,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,patrick650,deesa
,Recommended,314450,22932516,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Garlic,This game is funToggle those side guns!
,Recommended,314450,22574092,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TSkilleT_,okay
,Recommended,314450,31564343,Posted: 5 May,all,,+88_________________+880________+880_______________++80________++88______________+880_________++88_____________++88__________+880___________++88___________+888_________++880____________++880_______++880_____________++888_____+++880______________++8888__+++8880++88___________+++8888+++8880++8888___________++888++8888+++888888+80_______++88++8888++8888888++888______++++++888888fx88888888888_______++++++88888888888888888_______++++++++000888888888888________+++++++00008f8888888888_________+++++++00088888888888__________+++++++0888f8888888
,Recommended,314450,20160510,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,This game is Legit.Controls are slick.Enemies are hard but rewarding.Upgrade system is interesting.STORY MODE.Cons:Occasionally there are so many things on the screen at once that there is no way to tell what is going on and some of the effects are lost.Side Fire Mode is a cool idea but suffers from a lack of power in lower levels.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ood0wFG2_VQ
76561198245102774,Not Recommended,314450,18144022,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pinki Nogami,"ok, what you need to play Star Saviors, NDP451-KB2872776-x86-x64-AllOS-ENU, xnafx40_redist, you're a programmer, correct, and themselves can make such a game, instead of spending moneywhat about the game, if you about 68 years old, you can buy it to obtain the childhood memories of when you play on the vacuum tube computer with a creaking joystick, enjoy"
76561198048383939,Not Recommended,314450,23498528,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kubark,"""Inspired by....""Thanks for the good laugh.I'm a big fan of CAVE/ATLUS, BANPRESTO productions from the 90's. (Best memories with arcade cabinet).I really hope for some GUWANGE or DON PACHI rebirth (or even TWIN COBRA).This one is a simple... joke. Ugly graphs, ugly gameplay.Dev(s) should be ashamed of this one.""Inspired by.."" I cannot quit laugh at this..."
,Recommended,314450,17697605,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Doraemond,Steam Economics 101 SimulatorBuy the cheapest game with Steam Trading CardsInstall the gameGet the cardsSell the cardsMake profitUninstall the game10/10 will never play this game ever
,Not Recommended,314450,34525448,Posted: 27 August,all,Adeptus Ineptus,"Arcade shooter similar to Galaga, if you enjoyed that you should enjoy this. **"
,Not Recommended,314450,18210369,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,💀Legendary Bandanna💀,This is the worst game ever! tre trailer was good so i got it but this game turned out to be my least fav!!!
,Not Recommended,314450,19095965,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
,Not Recommended,314450,28822217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fantastic Mr. Ninetails,Challenging in it's own right and gives interesting ship layouts angles to deal with incoming enemies but somehow falls flat on character development and design.
,Recommended,314450,24529057,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rynoknarr14,"A Bullet Hell Game That I Love, Pick It Up If You Are A Fan Of Bullet Hell Games."
,Recommended,314450,22498199,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Forser,10/10 its ok
,Not Recommended,314450,23593515,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Сarn,No mouse controls. Better try Tyrian.
76561198124728084,Recommended,314450,17152874,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ken,"- Bought game on sale for $0.11- Installed game- Left it running to get 3 cards- Sold cards for $0.21, making $0.10 profit- Uninstalled game10/10 would profit again"
,Not Recommended,314450,32908273,Posted: 27 June,all,VanGuardian,I couldn't get this game to go pass the loading screen. :(Acer Aspire XWindows 10Intel Core i36GB DDR3
76561198090551211,Recommended,314450,16006554,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TheSpearOfThor,A visually pleasing and intense shooter with great music!
,Not Recommended,314450,20007162,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GODOFTHUNDER_PRN,FUCKTHISGAME
76561198085926417,Recommended,314450,17165637,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Coleco_84,"Great bullet hell game, actually playable and not hard as @#$%"
,Recommended,314450,23826110,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Benson⎝͠҉̭̫͖̗ͅ,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ัส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
76561198346480637,Recommended,314450,26607244,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,monsterkilla048s,Hehehehe ))) 8/10
,Not Recommended,314450,26835180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GeradeVorwärts,"Честно сказать, тупая игра.3/10 за карты."
,Not Recommended,314450,17312582,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Yuck_Fou ツ,"the single things that i like is the music and the fact that is running so smooth on my laptop,i refunded this because even at easy difficulty i stuck to certain levels.i recomand this only for kids."
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,314450,29124160,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
76561198055269636,Not Recommended,314450,25623128,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ron,"I'm amazed how this game could have more positive reviews than negative ones, there are many good games that got more negative reviews than this and are really good games, i think many people like to troll people in their reviews instead that write the truth....I have played much better games 30 years ago with Commodore 64 than this piece of crap, this is absolutely garbage, not even worth as a gift from a friend, absolutely terrible.My Final Score is1/100"
,Recommended,314450,17278551,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,RiKouma,"top soundtrack,good graphic.8of10 points !"
76561198217834649,Not Recommended,314450,28842694,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,twistytie,"I bought this game for approximately 16 cents, and that's about how much it's worth."
,Not Recommended,314450,17221047,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,Monotonous boring♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,314450,17159435,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Acedia,"My controler which works fine with Ultra Street Fighter 4, and Injustice Gods Among Us, and Mortal Kombat, and The King of Fighters XIII doesn't work with this game."
,Recommended,314450,29461748,Posted: 24 January,all,dm,k
,Not Recommended,314450,17168732,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Cinnemassacist,"Pretty average, bought it for 16 cents, pretty meh"
,Not Recommended,314450,24044004,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cloptata,bad
76561198240700248,Not Recommended,314450,17194848,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Stalking Wolf,Didn't live up to the description
,Recommended,314450,33103124,Posted: 1 July,all,✪ I'mSexyAF ★,Ok...
76561197961542248,Not Recommended,314450,29766791,Posted: 7 February,all,DarkKnight,LOST MY SAVE PROGRESS WITH NO REASON SO REFUND
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,314450,22559662,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Illimitus,Not recommended even for a few minute look.
76561198047657126,Recommended,314450,17236326,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Finguine,"First impressions, controls need a slight adjustment... I feel these sort of games work much better with mouse control, would be more ideal to have it as an option.Also, since you're going to be holding down fire the entire time, why not make at least a toggle for auto-fire?If bought cheap enough, sure, it's alright I suppose."
76561198076633174,Recommended,314450,17241923,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,deadCarl,Good scroll-shooter with great soundtrack
76561197989741363,Recommended,314450,17243682,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,EyeoftheRedKing,"I picked this game up on a Steam Sale for $0.19 and am just blown away by it.The graphics are nice (aside from the avatars, those are fugly but since you hardly ever see them it isn't a big deal), the gameplay is fun, and  the soundtrack is great.The one thing I think was definitely lacking is a key that allows you to slow your movement when held, something very valuable in a bullet-hell type game. The added precision of movement would have been very nice in some sequences.Is this game worth the regular price tag of $5? I would say yes, it's worth at least an hour or two of entertainment, possibly more depending on how big a fan of shooters you are. At the sale price though, it's a no-brainer.Buy this game."
,Recommended,314450,17244777,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,JamesJoyce1882,"One of the best bullet hell shooters on steam, great gameplay, great soundtrack and, a rarity among shooters, a decent graphics settings  menu. Make sure you play the tutorial, as there are some new and very cool ideas in this one.Best $0.19 I've spent in a long time, will buy the soundtrack now as I feel guilty not paying more."
,Recommended,314450,17244838,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dante Shadowblade,"Pros:+ Reasonable price+ Provides challenging gameplay (even the Normal will give you quite difficulty killing the bosses).+ Variable modes: single player, coop, arcade, endless+ Has potential, but...Cons:+ Fails to live up to its promises (see below)+ Poorly designed characters: not effects the gameplay, but definitely has negative impact on your experience with the game+ Uninteresting, simple story: it's not very engaging and exciting+ Bugs: the game usually crashes in certain setting and unplayable in Easy in a level→ For those who are into hell bullet games, this is for you. For those who aren't, give it a try but I recommended only buy it when on sale to save you some money.6/10"
,Recommended,314450,17179046,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,just addict발안,mere! :)
,Recommended,314450,17180714,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Drexhan,"I'm loving it so far, there are better, but for the price is one of the best!Pros:- Very fluid- Lot's of weapons- Perk system is cool- You can choose 3 types of ship at the begginingCons:- Character design is kinda uglyConcluding, for 4,99€ this game is a lot of fun, if it's on sale grab it! I grabed it for 0,19€ in a 96% sale if that's the case grab it, you won't regret it if you like shooters."
,Recommended,314450,17184674,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheRoboFrog,Pros +-Epic Soundtrack from whithin the levels-gameplay is nice and smooth-easy to learn-nice upgrade system-excelent weapon combinationsCons --Need better 3D model's for face's or make them 2D
,Recommended,314450,17186497,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,dfn2,"This game is really great. I got it for 19 cents. Worth every penny.Pros:- Ultra fast paced action combat (Expecially on insane)- Perks from leveling- Tons of weapons- Moving Background- Just a really fun game- Graphics are pretty nice (Note for developers: The uv mapping is a bit messed up for the canyon level)Cons:- The characters look kinda weird- No speech, just text- Some of the bosses were a little unblanaced"
,Recommended,314450,17187549,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Itohiro,Fun and dynamic.
,Recommended,314450,17208922,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Saerydoth,"This isn't the best shooter I've played, but it's pretty decent, and for the price you can't beat it.  The controls are solid.  The music is really good.  I wish there was more variety in the weapons, but you can't have everything."
,Recommended,314450,17211120,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,speedy10101,"So cheap at the moment (34p with DLC) it's worth the purchase, for a bit of casual fun; although the character designs will give you nightmares..."
76561198119285547,Recommended,314450,17213937,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,NoraIsBestGirl,Gameplay is fun. pre-mission faces look like they where made in alice 3D.
76561198028266235,Recommended,314450,17267005,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Intelligent_Cheese,"I you can find this game for a really good sale (I got it for $0.20), it is definitely worth it. It feels like an arcade game, but with better graphics. It is definitely a bullet hell, and you have to constantly move around or die trying. It's decently hard and has some interesting upgrades for your ship. It's a really nice pick-up-and-play game too, as it requires very little time commitment. Overall, It's definitely a good buy while on sale, maybe not for the whole $5.00, though."
,Recommended,314450,17249341,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Thinzy[:3],"If you are into gigantic bosses, new upgrades every two or so levels and moving scenes then Saviors is the game for you!I played this for half an hour and already I am addicted, loads of soft colours and smooth animation. If you are very short tempered however... Well you might not survive the third level.My advice if you want to become a pro at this game is hold [Z] (The shooting button) and just look at all the projectiles rather than focus on the enemies."
,Recommended,314450,17252419,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bepis Boi,"This game is exactly what it needs to be. The controls are smooth and there are no shortage of enemies. My only problem is the CGI faces. The dev probably worked really hard on those faces; however, they are still really creepy."
,Recommended,314450,17254811,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ＫＯＥＫＩＥＬＥＬＥ,.
,Recommended,314450,17258277,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Light,"SaviorsPros ~Great soundtrack makes the levels more exciting to playYou can easily lose yourself in the game it's quite addictiveThe variation of ship weapons makes levels more versatile when you play around with the weapon style you likeThe explosions of enemy vessels are very satisfying!Cons ~If you're not used to the gameplay style bosses can be a bit difficult.The cutscenes between levels on story mode lack the energy provided during gameplay, I found myself skipping straight to the levels due to no interest in the story itself and the characters look a little strange.If you are vulnerable to motion sickness the backgrounds of the levels can sometimes trigger it if you play for a long time in one sitting; I recommend taking breaks inbetween gaming if you experience this, when you go back to it you'll be fine again.Tips ~If you're like me and have never played a game like this before and you just want to try it out and play because it looks cool and fun, the best tip I can offer that I've learned so far is to not get distracted watching the enemy ships, instead watch their fire. Sometimes spamming your weapons makes it harder to dodge, take certain boss levels slowly and balance offence and defence and finally, like with any game, the more you play it the easier it gets and you start to adapt to the style of play – there's also no shame in playing it on an easier difficulty to get the hang of it first!Overall Summary~I bought the game when it was on sale for 15p and it was literally worth every penny.If you fancy a fast paced, spaceship shooting game to pass some time and distract you, buy this game when it's on sale, it's surprisingly fun."
,Recommended,314450,17276514,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jailbyrd,"A ""bullet hell"" as good as any other. The art style and fast-paced action of this game are spot on. Team up with a friend for local co-op (a rarity in PC games) and enjoy a satisfying ride!"
,Recommended,314450,17289536,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mordekai The Summoner,This game reminds me of the good old days.
,Recommended,314450,18430021,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BnN,Cool!
,Recommended,314450,18236812,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Marcel,good game ty boys
,Recommended,314450,18179089,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Bowser,"OK shooter with some rice. Ship, projectile, and scenery textures are great, while the UI textures were absolutely terrible. Would be even better if the story were not present and/or less involved with the game, partially because the character images terrify me.Don't bother with story mode and you'll be fine. Arcade mode on Hard is pretty great.For any price up until 1,99 USD, I would recommend it to someone that looked at it, but I would not suggest it to anybody.Will not run with Mono 4, working on 3.8 though."
,Recommended,314450,18216501,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Haystack,"the super-cheesy storyline doesn't really detract from the GREAT SHMUP ACTION,complete with the constant flow of new main and side and secondary weapons,and various ship-enhancing perks that one can choose to customize one of the 3 basic ships,or what appear to be additional ships earned through gameplay feats.the music and graphics are pretty butt-kickingly good, too!but yeah, the story is pure shmup cheese, and the character animations are... chewing gum, slowly?that's okay, though.  I don't mind the cheese or the radio-portrait oddity.the gameplay is where it's at, and it's done really well!it's hard even in ""Easy"" difficulty -- I shudder to think what it's like on ""Insane""!"
,Recommended,314450,18145593,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,{o.W.n} - ̗̀ ķøĸơğæmş ̖́-,Play it on hard and you got an easy Touhou.
,Recommended,314450,18222995,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Master Joe72,"GAME CRASHES DD: found a fix on a steam forum..its bc of too high resolution!!-other than that for this price, it's nice!http://steamcommunity.com/app/314450/discussions/0/535150948617601482/#p2"
76561197961694660,Recommended,314450,18231679,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,HerbalDragon,"this game is a blast, needs online co-op and simple word of mouth would make this game a favorite of many, highly recommended."
76561197993405987,Recommended,314450,18229953,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,neji,"Really solid gameplay, you can tell it was designed to reward skill. Game looks good, colors work well, even though there are a lot of things happening on screen, all of it is clear and deaths don't feel cheap. Got this when it was on sale for 19 cents and it is a complete steal. This is worth the full price easily.Pros:- Responsive gameplay that rewards skill- Unlockable weapons- Unlockable perks- 3 playable ships- Clear visuals- Nice colorful aesthetics- Nice explosion/particle effectsCons:- Laughably bad 3d models and animations at every level intro (but it's skippable)- Unclear when perks/weapons unlock- Story is weak (but for this genre it is normal)Highly recommended even at full price. 9/10"
,Recommended,314450,18035474,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Stincky Dick on a Dincky Stick,"Nice game, if you like those kind of game and there is a sale, it's worth giving it a try."
,Recommended,314450,30534983,Posted: 15 March,all,Rayne,"Very arcade like, but instead of getting 8 tries. YOU GET UNLIMITED."
,Recommended,314450,18183227,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kenn1911,"Y U NO SUPPORT GAMEPADThe game seems okay though, can't complain for the price I paid.  Might revisit this game if it supports gamepad."
76561197971395322,Recommended,314450,18183694,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Valgart,Nice game. Very good Soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,314450,18212896,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,M_W,"Not a terrible game, but bullet patterns and enemy formations are pretty uninspired. I bought it for 0.19USD. Probably won't play again."
,Recommended,314450,18192148,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Martin,"There are different weapons, a lot of types of enemies.And there is even story and also survival mode !I also like the chain destruction of enemies.Great game for its price."
,Recommended,314450,18152171,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,senna,"Bought it for cards with a great discount initially, but decided to try it out since it was marked as a bullet hell, and had a lot of fun.In fact, this is not a bullet hell (danmaku), rather it is a classic shoot'em up game from back 90's, with a decent graphics, unlockables, several game modes etc.The idea is that you fly forward, destroying a bunch of regular enemies and some bosses, some will need you to come up with a meaningful strategy. There are upgrades between levels, which are unlocked with your score: the higher the score, the more upgrade points you get. There seems to be some story in story mode, but I stopped reading around second level, because it is not very good.The music is ok I guess, but I am very picky with this aspect.The game does borrow some aspects from danmaku, but generally it remains a classic game.Overall, this is a very decent game, probably worth its full price and definitely worth its price with a discount."
76561198033617861,Recommended,314450,18150434,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Marianojoey,"This game is SO MUCH FUN! It's not all 2D, some levels play as 3D, and in some, the camera changes from one to another. As far as I've played (around half game, I think), there are lots of different enemies, weapons, attacks... and for 20 cents is a bargain. :)If  you like shoot'm up kind of games, this is certainly one to have. :)"
76561198022865450,Recommended,314450,18150019,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Picon,"Its fun for the price, but is not correctly packaged in Linux, has some dependencies missing. Write the following command in a terminal and the problem will be fixed:sudo apt-get install libgdiplus libsdl-mixer1.2 mono-complete"
,Recommended,314450,18557519,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,baconprison,very nice game to play if your bored and wanna quick round of somethingbut im just gonna say herethis game uses very dirty tricks in order to kill youotherwise nice relaxing game7/10
,Recommended,314450,18491092,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Subsky,pew pew pew 10/10. Awesome shmup
76561198074772917,Recommended,314450,17855667,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ricky.d.keim,the only negative thing I can say is that the art for the faces in this game will make you wish this was early access. the game itself is pretty good though. you have a ship and you kill everything that isnt you classic gameplay. the controls are nice and responsive too. I didnt have much time to pay attention to the soundtrack I was too busy dodging enemy fire. I got this as part of a shoot em up package on sale. it was a good buy.
,Not Recommended,314450,19680045,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Farmskins.com John9 bdykeys.com,Game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. And there should have been a warning... Eyes and head hurt like♥♥♥♥♥♥after playing this game for like 5 min.
76561197976601091,Recommended,314450,19685981,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Great PC-Style shooter. It takes cues from bullet-hell shooters without being a part of the subgenre. Enemy bullets are interrupted by enemy ships, so positioning is key in certain situations. The many weapon upgrades, while often seeming to just be colour swaps of existing weapons, are also sometimes different enough to select one which speaks to your play style. This game is worth more than you can buy it for on Steam. I recommend both buying the game and donating directly to the developer."
,Recommended,314450,19837810,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MR.RYUZ,"Great .... easy story finished with 1,2hours ....."
76561198019265856,Not Recommended,314450,19833419,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,silentsnack,"Graphically it gets way bit too busy and distracting, which doesn't help when the bullets are already difficult to discern.More like a cheap bonus in the bundle with Revolution Ace when they're on sale, but overall Saviors just feels mediocre."
,Not Recommended,314450,19772655,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,mrunicorn9,an uncreative bullet hell
,Recommended,314450,19568319,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,G-W-S,Best 26 cents ever spent.
,Recommended,314450,30451556,Posted: 11 March,all,Garce,"I purchased Star Saviours in a bundle with two other games from the same developer for $0.37 Canadian. I have onnly played through the tutorial (will play more after my coffee...), but it runs well, has nice weapons and enemies, and lots of explosions.Considering I bought these games for about 1/3 of what I got selling an emoji in the Marketplace, it would be pathetic of me to complain.Cool beans. I like it. Worth all twelve cents spent on it."
,Recommended,314450,22131920,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GhostkingG1,Pros:-Fast paced bullet shooting action-Low price-Good Soundtrack-Blow everything upCons:-The faces oh dear lord-Major difficulty spike for Level 17
76561198151956731,Recommended,314450,22186554,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,no hope left,"its legit, it has a storym, and its alot of cool old style JASRPG(Japanese Action Shooter Roleplaying game), not a bad prdocut. 9/10"
76561198114088408,Recommended,314450,22220728,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,the Muffinman,I don't know why this game is fun but it is
,Recommended,314450,22209709,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Joskay,"Star Saviors is really good for it's price. I rarely play this type of games but it was fun! The levels are good looking and I love the 3D perception. The only thing I ""hate"" (kinda r00d) is the music and the character faces. For me, this type of game MUST have a good BGM to keep your heart beatin' while playing... But the only thing I hear is cheap 80's porn music and anime emo AMV songs. And I won't talk about the character faces,.. Just see by yourself ;)But like I said the price is really low"
,Not Recommended,314450,20788914,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,BrennSLT,Not worth the money..Trust me
76561198213924205,Recommended,314450,22099573,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,4ever_alone Ovecka,:)
,Recommended,314450,22299129,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,HeadShot,"Ace! You have to save everybody!+ : suprisingly good! amazing soundtrack, ok story, upgrades and perks, addictive gameplay, gamepad supp, trading cards, coop, low price!, many enemies and not unbeatable- : short, by the time you beat it on easy, only one card will drop, so you have to either play more or put it on idleGG, 9/10 would be star savior again"
,Recommended,314450,22101932,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,KangOka,RecommendedGraphic : 8/10Gameplay : 8/10Story : 8/10
76561197989224389,Recommended,314450,22017406,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Thundar,Fun game.  Good music.  Difficult.  You will benefit from remapping the keyboard controls.  The default fire button is in a bad spot.  Remap it so you can move wsad and fire with space bar.
,Recommended,314450,22012682,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jel,"A pretty decent and fun game. The graphics definitely leave something tp be desired, especially the faces and people, but the gameplay and levels make it really fun to play. I would recommend it considering the low price, and especially if you can ever get it on sale."
,Recommended,314450,24644448,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Murieron,Thoroughly enjoyed this game and for the price as well it's an absolute winner! Be sure and pick this up when it goes on sale!
,Recommended,314450,25308513,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jabba The Hutt,"It's a pretty solid shmup with decent level design, Excellent coop game."
76561198080781220,Recommended,314450,25312937,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,thinking,fun if u get it on sale worth it
76561198320666342,Recommended,314450,30503941,Posted: 14 March,all,TheGreatOne,"Its like playing an old arcade game, but with unlimited tries and costs less."
,Recommended,314450,18875332,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mimsy,"One of the best shmups on Steam, though not quite as pure as, say, Ikaruga since you can pick your weapon and ship. A nice variety of enemies and attack patterns that aren't too repetitive. Personally I'd prefer if enemy bullets looked more similar, like closer to the same color, but it does add more challenge if you like that.Ignore the Genre tags on here; this is in no way an RPG or Strategy game."
,Recommended,314450,18943004,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hollow,Fun
76561198083735131,Recommended,314450,18333332,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,☜═㋡ Ned ㋡═☞,"The game is fun and interesting to play ,exsept one  minor problem im encoutering : it says that game has full controler support but it sems not to detect my logitech rumblepad 2 as the controler . still the game desrves a thumb up  and a good recomendation"
76561198000807394,Not Recommended,314450,18271103,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,notafan,nah.
,Recommended,314450,18312078,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,20/20,If you ever played this on an arcade when you was a kid its worth playing it again!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314450,18429118,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,IAmPattycakes,"dont even remember buying this. I was able to beat the main storyline in an hour, purposly skipping the dialogue because DANG those faces are nasty! if you can get it on a super-sale for less than a dollar i would recommend it, but i do not think this game is worth the full price."
76561198027568081,Recommended,314450,19030435,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DO YOU REMEMBER LINGERIE,Thankfully my years of Touhou have prepared me for terrible nightmare faces and dialogue that sounds like it's been through Google Translate half a dozen times.
,Recommended,314450,18992990,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Thrilll,"This game has everything I want from a bullet hell shooter:Good pacing, variety of enemies & patterns, horrible plot (+character models) and a great soundtrack!My only complaints are the input lag present with vsync on & the shortness of the game.Easily worth the price for a couple of hours of fun, 5/5."
76561198088310750,Recommended,314450,19089947,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,peperino von gurd,programed by michael bay
,Recommended,314450,19499028,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Thomas,It's a very good STG !
,Recommended,314450,19486086,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The Emperor Second ♛,Beautiful!!
76561198142339089,Recommended,314450,19541476,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GuardianH27,"You really want to read a review for a 1$ game?=======Okay, umm...You saw the video when you opened this page? That's all there is in game,Liked it? Buy it!Didn't like it? Don't buy it!Simple as that."
76561198029286516,Not Recommended,314450,19303059,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Space Cowboy,"It's functional. Doesn't mean it's great. You get what you pay for, honestly. But the game lacks good audio feedback. The visuals aren't exactly incredible, but they're, again, functional. That is meant for when in game though. The character pictures? Jesus christ, they are disgusting and are ugly as sin.http://imgur.com/bzzlcCZTHAT is a monstrosity. The woman looks like she's about to freak out!Soundtrack isn't that great either, except for the trailer theme. It works for the most part. The ability to change weapon load outs every mission is nice, and I appreciate that. Wish there was a way to make your shields last more than 2 hits though. Thing is bloody useless.I can simply keep repeating ""You get what you pay for"" and ""It's functional"" and you'd get a good idea of the game. Just don't expect to be blown away. It's NOT that good, in my opinion. If it looks good enough for you, go for it. Even for $1 it's hard to go too wrong."
76561198075680859,Not Recommended,314450,19225101,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Xerties,Star Saviors is your basic arcade style aerial combat game.  power ups and endless enemies.This game has nothing that sets it above any of the exact game copies that are out their.Bosses feel like a grab from a multitude of other games.Not feeling any originality on this one.As a game its fun to play but if you already own a game like this you don't need two.
76561198097691308,Recommended,314450,26690767,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Turrican1313,"Inspired by oldschool games like Raiden, SWIV or Raptor, Star Saviors is a nice game for short shooter fun. The graphics are good, but still have space left for improvements. The music is catchy, old-styled electronic and perfect for such a game, the weapons can be combined simply and effectively, it is challeinging but still good playable. The ship could be less clumsy in movements and higher in speed.Those who loved the old fashioned shooters should give it a try."
,Recommended,314450,27129638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlackRave-,Nice shooting game. Brings back the childhood memories :) Thumbs Up :)
76561197992430140,Not Recommended,314450,26636563,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Der Robi,compleded story modeeven for low cents-price there are way better f2p flashgames out there.Not to compare with the old titles that are written there: Raiden and such.and i dont understand why bullet hell games need these cheap electonic back to the 90ths music... no thrill no feeling of fighting evil intruders.AND: the avatars are SO ugly. instaskip ALL the texts.AND: Buggy using 2 player mode
,Recommended,314450,26641325,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,haedaeso,"I got Star Saviors in a very low bargain priced multipack bundle. I never would have bought this game on its own even at a low price because its just not my sort of game at all - or so I thought. Yeah, the criticism that the character portraits are ugly is fair. They're all ugly, like uncanny valley to the max ugly but that's the only bad thing I have to say. But even that is kind of charming in its own way I suppose, simply because of the sci-fi feel of the game. I like to imagine these characters aren't entirely human.The gameplay is really smooth, fluid and fun. Its also something I can reasonably play, while still being challenging enough to not be boring (I wear braces so anything that's really stressful for my fingers and wrists are pretty much not possible for me to play). Granted the difficulty might spike too much for me, even on easy, in future levels but I wouldn't take points off for this since I don't have the endurance most people would.And if you're afraid this means the game won't be challenging enough for you, don't be. There are several difficulty settings, including one that pretty much says you're dead meat.The game is tons of fun, I'm digging the perks upgrade menu where you can choose how to boost your ship, and the fact that all weapons get more powerful as you gather new ones so you can pick what you like without it being totally obsolete to the newer ship equipment.Also I'm the type that frequently turns off the game music and just has sound effects so I can play my own music while gaming but I actually love the soundtrack for this game, a lot. It seems to vary from nice and chill space electro to an interlude you'd find on a gothic power metal cd.This game is good on its own but if you compare it in terms of value, its amazing for its price tag."
76561197997941036,Recommended,314450,30913300,Posted: 2 April,all,ESigil,"Hardly the most challenging or compelling experience I've had playing a shmup, but all the pieces are there and there are enough gimmicks and scoring mechanics to justify the fifty cent price of admission if you're able to ignore everything but the gameplay. Heaven knows I've spent more on crappier shmups in the arcades."
,Recommended,314450,27101434,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cosplay.vn,great!
76561198109734347,Recommended,314450,24788715,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,660bryan,"The Character designs may look awful, but the game, music, and everything else is so worth it!"
,Not Recommended,314450,24764523,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DaiKo,Ne fonctionne pas sous Ubuntu 16.4. Crash au démarrage.Don't work on Ubuntu 16.04. Crash at start up
76561198141977547,Recommended,314450,24776437,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,QuantumOfShoelace,"Cheap and fun, but mouse controls would be greatly appriciated."
,Recommended,314450,24776468,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Melgacius,"1- GENERALSaviors it's a top down shoot em up that reminds me a bit of Aero Fighters from the 90's.In this game you control a ship with fully customizable weapons and you have to destroy the bad aliens that you've encountered! What an intricate plot!2- GAMEPLAYTo be honest, this game has a lot of options and gamemodes, but they all look the same. For starters it has local co-op that I never tested, and in single player it has 3 modes, story, arcade and survival. All the 3 seem the same, the first one with a storyline so boring that I didn't even care to read after the first couple of dialogues, the second with different scores and the last with no continues. If you are a good player you shouldn't even get the difference between them.I've focused in story mode. The game is quite hard, and we have to select the ship upgrades wisely to progress the new levels, even at normal difficulty. The explosions and sound effects are nice, but the soundtrack is awesome. Spot on!The controls are easy to grasp, and it seems a well built PC game.3- CONCLUSIONThere's not much that I can add, you have to experience the game. I got it with a coupon for 0.33€, but it's current full retail price is 0.99€... you have to give it a go, because the game is very fun!https://youtu.be/OPkxRofOBls"
76561198135246564,Recommended,314450,24978750,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,tiedchardshark,FUN game with a nice soundtrack cheap game for a lot of fun
,Recommended,314450,24985084,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,|<4m1k4z3,"Very fun, and challenging game. simple, but very adicting."
,Recommended,314450,24928978,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Whiny vietnamese wannabe gangsta,Great gameplay and nice music. This game just like Touhou series I love it xD.Worth -1$ game
,Recommended,314450,19400577,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Г-н новобранцы,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is good.AT first the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and environment put me aside, but then i was completely immerse in its world.PLayed 1h 30 mins without quiting, till level 13 where my noob skills couldn't help me anymore.Without a doubt has very good gameplay, forget about the story or the ""sometimes"" ugly environment design.The level of difficulty is good. Playing now on Normal mode. I have to add that you can earn perks that can be used on your ship. Every 2 levels came the perks and new weapons mode.Local Coop is great.And what to say about the soundtrack : is Awesome...!Havent tried the ,multiplayer ladder but i will.GIve it a try! Bullet hell at its best 8/10"
,Recommended,314450,22909226,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SilverFayte,"Okay I have to get one thing out of the way first:DEAR LORD THE FACES MAKE THEM GO AWAYThat said, the game works, the level concepts are actually pretty interesting, the music's slightly above average. The final boss will kick your goddamn♥♥♥♥♥though, it's a huge difficulty spike.Pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,314450,23078665,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gojippo,Great shmup with lots of replay value and good music. Best 40 cents ever used.Only minus : the story characters look like sesame streets on drugs.
76561197994727568,Recommended,314450,23102440,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Night Of The JellyBabyKing™,"Short and sweet review...Leveled up a badge and got a coupon for the game with 75% off...$0.25 for a game,can't say no...Fired it up...Graphics kinda blah,bullet hell with easy upgrades/perks make it fun...I turn on Spotify with God Is an Astronaut/If These Trees Could Talk...Boom I get lost for a bit is this way to cheap of a ""Indie Gem""P.S. Feel bad for using a coupon on a game that is already under priced for the enjoyment..."
,Recommended,314450,23095079,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Venom [POL],"A little gem of a game. It takes the best stuff from 8-bit scroll space shooters genre and adds a smoothgraphics (except of pilots faces - those belongs to Left4Dead or Day-Z) with a beautiful oldschool feeling. You can expect some frantic action and colourful explosions from this game (there's an option in the menu to turn it up to 120FPS). And some of the levels, bossess especially, are quite demanding on an ""Easy"" level.9 points out of 10  (minus 1 point because of the pilots. I've still got a nightmares). For £0.79 it's a steal.PS: An analog/digital controller is a must have to play this game comfortably."
76561198151645490,Recommended,314450,24283249,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,chrisfont50,"This game is fun in its own way, not everyone will like the game but its a good game to try plus its free. Have fun playing."
,Recommended,314450,24683572,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,!!!~(. _ .✿ )~!!!,its good even though i didnt like this kind of game .but worth it if u purchased it on sales
76561198121671536,Recommended,314450,20845629,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mega killer,this is a good game
76561198251510706,Recommended,314450,20804302,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mkmike71,The best 36p I have spent !Very good old school shoot em up
,Recommended,314450,20253040,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cold individual,Still better than Call Of Duty i guess.
,Recommended,314450,20870951,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Not Julius Caesar,"Let's see if this is the right game for you?Let's get straight to the point. You are going to die. A lot. Like, a lot a lot.May cause heart attacks, yelling profanities at alien spaceships.why you shoot so many bulletsgood soundtrack, cheap, actually funran into a building.. somehow lost 80% health gg"
,Recommended,314450,20672261,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jackson of the Modern Era,"fun as all hell, though the character models are a little in the uncanny valley, but thats not terriblemusic is kickass"
76561198024857056,Recommended,314450,20629016,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,GabitaHtc,"good game , good visuals , cheap price10/10"
,Not Recommended,314450,20619516,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,t(-.-t)Protato©,"Installed game.Game crashed in every mode.Tried changing resolution as per discussion thread pointer.Computer screen went black and the only way to get my OS to  even boot was to restore PC to factory.GG I got Rekt , would not recommend anyone else with Win 8.1 try this game.On a scale of 1 to 10,  i give this game a rating of Justin Bieber."
,Recommended,314450,20650847,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Skim Milk,"I Love This Game!!! Amazing sound track, and I love how fast pased it is!!! I do get slightly frustrated when I can't get passed a level, but I get farther every time I try, and it's the speed and amount of lasers coming at you, and the explosions to destract you that makes it challenging, even on easy, but I still find myself coming back to playing!!! The character art of the people's faces can get animated better, but that doesn't keep me away from the game. GREAT WORK!!! I would hit that like button 1 million times if I could."
,Recommended,314450,21638298,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,I put on my robe and witch hat,"I don't understand how this game is two dollars. It's a steal, BUY IT NOW. I haven't seen many bullet hell games and this one hits the spot. I wish I could pay $10-20 because that's how much fun this game is worth to me.Pros:Super funCons:Somewhat limited soundtrack, no biggie though at this pricepoint.To developer: Thank you for supporting Linux, another reason I bought your game."
,Recommended,314450,21410989,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Burger,It's a good game for the price. I recommend this game to people that like to try new games or if your on a low budget. It may get a bit boring after some time bur i still recommend it for the price. Have a nice one.
76561197983599366,Not Recommended,314450,21617162,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dr. Fotheringham,Yet another game in Steams infinite wisdom that doesnt recognise my game controller..Looks like ill be getting a refund for this game too.Fix this Steam!
,Recommended,314450,21588261,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,rufure,"the gameplay is good and very interesting, very entertainingthe music's alrightthe graphics look like they came out of a 90's game (and the talking ""people"" were cringy at times)the writing was mediocre but  ehall in all, the game's alright but it aint worth $1.00, try to get it when it's on sale for ~10-30 cents"
76561198179523627,Recommended,314450,21737178,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,lavaduder,"If your questioning the game's integrity. Then fear not. This is where first impressions do not matter.Cons:- Ugly Graphics- Typing in a new user name is done with the mouse rather than the Keyboard- Forced Tutorial- The faces in this game will give you nightmare fuel- Story is blandPros:- Great Gameplay- Awesome Levels- Fantasic varitity of Enemies- Terrific Boss battles- Customizable Weapon loadouts- Leveling system- Arcade and Survival Mode- Nice SoundtrackIt might be the ugliest shoot them up I've played, but man is it a fun one."
76561198012624216,Recommended,314450,21759260,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Freeman420,Awesome game! and Cheap
,Recommended,314450,20316171,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sethandhanna,"If you like bullet hell, then you'll love this.Can't beat the price."
,Recommended,314450,30677010,Posted: 22 March,all,Chapel,Reminds of old retro shootemups. You get what you see.
,Recommended,314450,20141083,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Martin Cinemax III,I cannot handle these character portraits
,Recommended,314450,20589324,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Wolfy626,"Get this game.9/10.+Spectacular graphics, great story, RPG elements, enjoyable combat and fulfilling bosses.-lil hard"
,Recommended,314450,20125081,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inDe_eD,Ez card farming
76561198104829585,Recommended,314450,19794699,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Raven 毒X7,"De los mejores juegos de aviones ""hell shooting"" que e jugado en años lo recomiendo al 100%The best hell shooting game i have played in years 100% recomended :D"
76561198038971462,Recommended,314450,19941238,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gugz Pro,"Por 0,48 centavos vale o dinheiro investido da para perder umas horinhas jogando cada dia, bem legal :D"
,Recommended,314450,19933926,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Captain,Just buy it
,Recommended,314450,19992326,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sleepwalking -M-,เป็นเกมส์ที่สุนกมาก เล่นเพลิดดี  ผมให้ 7.5/10
76561198228941028,Recommended,314450,25264115,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,casual_gamer_guy,"A decent top-down shooter. There's choice of ships as well as perks and weapon types which benefit players with different style (e.g. using focused, high-damage weapons vs using weapons with wide arc of fire). The game sprites and background art are rather basic, but they work well enough. E.g. bullets and enemies are clearly distinguishable from background -- crucial for this kind of ""bullet hell"" game. The character's images and dialogue during mission briefings could really use some improvement, but they're not important to the gameplay, so they don't really bother me. Overall I think it's a good value for money."
76561198143872828,Recommended,314450,25259036,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Exodus N,"Very fun and nice graphics, even if the people on the cutscenes look stupid. Great music, good gameplay, lots of modes, lots of weapons, and much more. I like it, but I definetly don't think this is on the same level as danmaku unlimited."
,Recommended,314450,30852356,Posted: 31 March,all,SpyFam.301.VPGame,its like playing the old day fighter plane game :)
76561197996949064,Recommended,314450,25194450,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Blackbird_Malta,Excellent coop game. Graphics are not that great but the gameplay is fantastic. My girlfriend loves playing this game with me and she is as good at shmups as she is at bjs.
76561198065779386,Recommended,314450,25097692,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,NinjaTurnip,"Just finished my first playthrough, and I love it. The mechanics are just what you'd expect, boss fights are suitably intense, and the soundtrack. Sweet baby jesus, the soundtrack. All the different options for customizing your ship is really nice, I found myself swapping them out a few times through the storyline and each was just as satisfying as the next. The perks/upgrade system was fair, nothing show-stopping, but each point I invested felt well-spent. Overall, it feels very well polished and definitely worth the very low price."
76561198051907568,Recommended,314450,25084563,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,KawaPocky,"It's pretty good for .50 cents. The gameplay is decent, controls feel pretty tight, graphics are decent, music is decent. Only thing that bugs me is the horrible face rendering of the guy giving you the missions. It's like straight from Playstation 1 or something. Premise: this is basically an arcade shoot em up adn dodge the bullets type thing. I will play this more as time waster when im bored for sure."
76561197970265293,Recommended,314450,25082733,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TP Crisis,"Got this in the ""Hyperspace Pack"" and it was the only decent game. Not bad for $0.50."
,Recommended,314450,21857891,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kurt Hectic,This game is amazing. Seriously.- Amazing soundtrack;- Nice graphics;- Cards ( :D );- A hell of a challenge.10/10.
76561197988269957,Recommended,314450,25241782,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Vulture | Gamdom.com,"I thought i would be another boring game with a boring soundtrack and ugly backgrounds BUT HELL!! I was really mistaken, this game was really worth the 0,99€ i gave, this game has an amazing soundtrack and various well made/designed backgrounds!It's impossible for you to only play one level! Please give it a try!!"
,Recommended,314450,26000573,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Zeromode,"One of the greatest bullet hell games I've ever played!It runs very well and has simple controls, making it easy to just pick up and play.Don't forget that awesome difficulty!10/10, would buy it 17 more times. :D"
,Recommended,314450,26002493,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ItzJim,Quite a good game for its price. I got this game by selling a Gamma 2 Case.
76561198002840441,Recommended,314450,24639766,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Angstistenz,"Awful CGI, especially face models during briefings. Never bothered with the story. Meh music, somewhat descent sound effects. Other than those, great gameplay with three game modes (story, arcade, survival). I found the game kinda hard, but that may be just me. Overall, definetly worth buying, especially during sales."
,Recommended,314450,17151001,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,"Very fun game. Plays clean and probably one of the most fun pullet hell games I've play. Well worth the $0.21... infact, I would have payed more if I knew about this game earlier."
,Recommended,314450,17155465,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Good Cop,"A very decent oldschool scroller for people who like those kind of games.Bunch of weapons to shoot enemies, responsive controls for bullet-dodging, some perks for customization, skippable storyline, mostly clear visual presentation. The pace and difficulty on hard level seemed just right to me. Also, LOCAL CO-OP!! Definetely a yes."
,Recommended,314450,29258153,Posted: 14 January,all,SickB,First Impression:Face Melter - The Video Game.Explosions Everywhere while the Soundtrack Blows your Brain ...
,Recommended,314450,29652652,Posted: 2 February,all,Times,"The shooter segments of this game are pretty dang good. They look good, they feel good to play, and the music is nice as well. The plot leaves something to be desired, and the characters are... well they need to be seen to be believed. That's a bit of a tradition in SHMUPs though, so it's nothing to really worry about.Difficulty wise, this game will be on the easier side for SHMUP veterans, but the harder settings should still provide enough challenge for a good time. I recommend this game, over all."
,Recommended,314450,29830890,Posted: 10 February,all,Kirito Enal,THIS COOL GAME WOW!!
,Recommended,314450,29866623,Posted: 11 February,all,MJtheMC,I feel like I commited a crime paying $0.49 for this. It was well worth the money and I only have .2 hrs on record. I'd instantly buy Part II if they made it better than this one. Great game guys! If you guys need an soundtrack music PLEASE contact me. I am I producer and i will do it for FREE! Just slide me a copy of the game ;)
76561198281092824,Recommended,314450,29536569,Posted: 28 January,all,Storm Covenant,Nice retro space shooter. This takes me back
76561198253540872,Not Recommended,314450,30012254,Posted: 18 February,all,Spinxo,meh
76561198365236399,Recommended,314450,29886217,Posted: 12 February,all,Awai,"Got this game in a bundle and I'm liking it. A rendition of the classic shoot-em-up game in space as you fly a plane filled with unlimited ammo, but a limited quantity of secondary weapon (special).I've played a few in the 90s and while the graphics for savior during gameplay is above average, all the other graphics are below average. The pilots are just creepy-looking, especially when you want to read the text for the story, but you have to also stare at the images to do so. During gameplay, I stuck with easy-mode at first and the game can be completed without much skill (just need to follow the game prediction of where the enemies will come and you'll be fine). Increasing the level definitely is where the fun comes in as you get more things to shoot at to maintain your burst gauge. Also, the game is still enjoyable where you can still keep track of everything you need to dodge, while keeping track of your plane during gameplay (which can be hard as some games do a poor job at this). The perks aren't at first very clear on how they can help you, but I find the first two perks being the most valuable as they increase damage, rate speed, and spread. A large variety of weaponry for you to choose from and some levels definitely benefit from you choosing the right combination of weapon. For example, one level was a boss battle where the boss is predominantly in front of you. So I chose the weapons that state high damage + focused on shooting in front of me only. Cleared the level much quicker than choosing the weapons that spread out more + do less damage.Overall, the game is decent and has value in its gameplay for one to enjoy. Will have to try the co-op one day to see how that fares. However, enjoyable game to come back to every once in a while. 7/10."
76561198077192613,Recommended,314450,29552196,Posted: 28 January,all,RichardG,"Fun game. Feels like the bullet-hell shmups of old, yet (on the Normal difficulty) still manageable and a good time. Yes, much of the graphics are dated, but they go well together and nothing seems really out of place (well...except for character faces...). For the price, it's a damn good time and well worth it. Really fun to play using a fightstick (joytokey will take care of you for control mapping issues). Normal difficulty took me just over an hour to complete, only dying at the final boss a couple of times. Music is good and works well witht he action."
76561198028656225,Recommended,314450,29476309,Posted: 24 January,all,Pook,"realy great retro-space shooter , good soundtrack as well !!"
76561198047005361,Recommended,314450,29708372,Posted: 4 February,all,Rosencrantz,"Solid shooter for its price. Has a lot of good features like online scoreboards, replays, co-op, multiple ship types and game modes, and a really good soundtrack. Theres a lot of value and you will get a lot more playtime than expected."
,Recommended,314450,29269515,Posted: 15 January,all,[ZDG] Asix Seleven @Rage,Fast paced!
76561198023356359,Recommended,314450,30044180,Posted: 19 February,all,Lebaron,Bullets hell ?! Hell yea !
,Recommended,314450,30107224,Posted: 22 February,all,MnM,"Ah, good old memories with arcade games. The graphics are nice and the levels are easy to beat. Haven't tried the onlinw feature but will surely do someday."
,Recommended,314450,32229759,Posted: 6 June,all,I got bean boozled,*Smooth performance*Addictive*Can keep you entertained for a while*Easy controlls*Easy to learn how to play*Overall good mechanics and A.I
76561198055693421,Recommended,314450,32279912,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,Standard top-scrolling shooter.. nothing special.  Buy it on sale just for kicks.  Slightly recommended.
76561198127053294,Recommended,314450,32343118,Posted: 11 June,all,Voryn Dagoth,"This game is a blast ! It comes straight from the `90s, when this spaceship/jetfight swarm shooter genre was more popular.Pros:-the soundtrack: really, I am listing this first because it's amazing. It packs up a lot of adrenaline and makes you feel INDESTRUCTIBLE (which you really aren't) !!!!!-choice: there is a decent level of customization on your ship as you unlock more weapons and perks for it. Also, at the start of the game you pick one ship/pilot out of 3. One is slow and tough, one is fast and frail and one of it is balanced between these 2. P.S : pick the fast one, MOAR ADRENALINE !!!-environments: plenty of them, most of them look really cool-difficulty: this game has multiple levels of difficulty, so either if you are a veteran in this genre or a pathetic scrub (like me), you can have an enjoyable experience.-price: low price and the game is often on saleCons:-forgettable story: but who the ♥♥♥♥ even cares. The game is all about the gameplay and the sweet short burst of adrenaline that it gives you.BUY IT AND KICK SOME♥♥♥♥♥!!!!"
76561197989143553,Recommended,314450,32494568,Posted: 16 June,all,Pablomablo,"There's allot to this game and it only costed 50 cent, great soundtrack, groovy visuals and tons of customisations. The faces of the pilots look awkward but is funny"
,Recommended,314450,32515997,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,So many LASSSEERRRRSSS
,Recommended,314450,32911923,Posted: 27 June,all,Veil_Lord,"For $0.49 during the Summer sale it's a no brainer.  I've played better, Jamestown comes to mind, but this one does remind me in a lot of ways of my all time favorite Raptor from the DOS days.  You will take hits, but you have a recharging shield so if it's not a 1 shot death.  On easy, I nearly beat the game in one sitting at < 1 hour not reading the story.  For the price I paid though, quite a decent investment.  I do wish there were more turrets you could blow off things and maybe a little more enemy variety though."
,Recommended,314450,32912909,Posted: 27 June,all,Dankstin (Dead 4 ever),"Best soundtrack known to man kid, plus an extra bonus that the characters look like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198011968674,Recommended,314450,33252500,Posted: 4 July,all,TheOneTheyCallBruce,"The gameplay is solid and you get a surprising variety of weaponry throughout the game. The campaign is a good length for the price and there are some other modes that can make it more arcade-y if that's your thing. Overall, this is a solid bullet-soaked adventure."
76561197999041524,Recommended,314450,33371804,Posted: 8 July,all,GENzo,Try to end this game on insane difficulty ;D
76561198105675197,Recommended,314450,19748017,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,saironbusatto,"Happy to find this game, i just love the feeling this game brings to my home!I recommend it and ill be happy to play it with my friends, anytime!"
,Recommended,314450,35256196,Posted: 27 September,all,Spacejack,"This game bills itself as bullet hell but for shmup players that means something more specific than just having lots of missiles flying around. This game has a multi-hit ship, no focus, no bombs, but it's very fast paced. This game is more aptly a descendant of TYRIAN (minus the paying for upgrades and branching paths). Playing story mode I didn't find that the difficulty kicked in for several levels but when it did it kicked in pretty hard."
,Recommended,314450,17830164,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hudson633,"The effects are great, the gameplay is alright, but the characters and story are terrible. The pace and number of threats balanced with how you use your weapons make this a very skill based game, although quite difficult.It's challenging, exciting, and cheap.ːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarː"
76561198079614773,Recommended,314450,35396244,Posted: 1 October,all,CSGONECRO.COM CSGOYOURMOM,"My official review of thus therefore whereas before I had been abducted by kittens my great great great great great great great great great great great grand father who was involved in the creation of yes u know it, that's correct, yes the thing ur thinking of. Wellll anyways let me inform your friends of this pop tastic pop tart of a game we are discussing right now. I really think that yes it is a game where u press buttons so yes. Obviously. LATERrrrrrrrrr"
