user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004582979,Recommended,314410,17886502,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ser Ezra Googlybutt,"Yep, 50+ hours on an indie brawler and it's still awesome.It's a tough, but very fair, game. Damage you take is all down to skill and awareness. Items have benefits with drawbacks to match. Hitting a Wheel of Misfortune that gives both players Mighty Foot is a thing that happens, and it's a glorious time where you combine hysterical laughter with screams of terror until it kills you (or wins you the run).Pick a friend, any friend. Buy the 2-pack or drag them in front of your computer. Use voice chat if you're online. Enjoy the hilarity of knocking each other into pits, spikes, fire, and giants. Get that cathartic relief when you finally manage to kill the final boss on Hard, then somehow beat everything in one shot on Insane.It's worth every penny."
76561198029692440,Recommended,314410,17970165,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ChibiCthulhu,"This game is a dungeon crawling brawler with roguelike elements such as permanent death and random generation. And I have to say, it's really damn good.Random generation is pretty well done. I've been playing for 40 hours now and I still see new rooms often, and new items every now and then.Controls are pretty good and responsive and the game plays great even on keyboard.Combat is very enjoyable. You can slash with basic attacks, you can uppercut the enemy which will have you beat him up in the air and then smash him onto the ground. You can also grab an enemy and spin him around (dealing damage to nearby enemies ) and then throw him into a wall, another enemy or even into a pit which will instantly kill him. It's a pretty good move for crowd control. You can also charge into enemies and use dodge-roll to avoid their attacks.You can also use magic if you pick up certain items.There's a pretty decent amount of items in the game as well. Different weapons, boots, armors, belts and all kinds of accessories.Weapons will not only have different damage but a lot of them have different attributes to them. So the game isn't just about finding the weapon with highest stats, you'll have some hard choices to make. Will you for example keep the weapon that deals extra damage when fighting multiple enemies at the same time or will you pick one that occasionally freezes enemies while hitting them?Also some weapons have shorter range while others longer. You'll also have to take that into account.There are a lot of breakable objects in the game. Destroying them can drop gold or food, even potions if you're lucky.There's a decent amount of special rooms in the game. Some are different kinds of shops, some are vaults with lots of chests, then there are several mini-game rooms such as wheel of fortune and playing cards with the devil.You can also customize your character in the camp before starting a run by picking different head and hats. Some heads change your body as well so you can for example be troll, ogre, demon or cyborg. Some of those have to be unlocked though.Overall the game is really fun and quite hard. Singleplayer is great and I'm sure multiplayer is even more fun. There are 4 difficulties so if you want more challenge than normal has to offer you can play on hard and if you're a masochist you can try insane.Definitely a game I would recommend to anyone who likes brawlers and games with roguelike elements."
,Recommended,314410,18126948,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Blue2Dark,"Rampage Knights is best Beat'em up (Brawlers) in 2015. If you're fan Beat' em up/Hack n Slash (such as Final Fight, Golden Axe, Streets of Rage ) you'll probably love this game.I've been playing over 27 hours and I still see new rooms often, and new items every now and, still don't get bored and then.+ It's F%CKIN HARD!!+ It's very skill based+ It's very addicted+ Easy to learn, but very hard to master+ AI is very tough+ Characters looks funny+ Interesting Class & Races+ Great Soundtrack+ Nice Artwork+ Very Well Balanced ( Difficulty Settings )+ Excellent Level Design+ High Replayability+ Tons of items & unlocks+ K/M & controls options are great and responsive."" ( Can Costumize Yourself )+ Weapons & stuff are very cool+ Random generation system is perfect+ Single-player is cool, but Co-op is more fun- Final Boss Sucks Balls- Lacks Matchmaking/Local Co-opFINAL SCORE : 9/10 AWESOME, Must Own !!!"
76561198071083886,Recommended,314410,18167101,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SlimJim4567,I play this game with my 5 year old and we love it.  Feels like binding of issac meets castle crashers.
,Recommended,314410,18752370,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Euphoria Morning,"[Disclaimer]Before I say anything about the game, I'd like to point out, that the developers are the coolest people I've ever met. Free updates, tons of content, superb communication.The Game itselfRampage Knights is a rougelike dungeon crawler. If I had to sum it up in one sentence, I'd say it's the love-child of Bindings of Isaac and Dark Souls. The game heavily focuses on Multiplayer (Both Local and Online are Co-Op are available), but it can be played alone aswell.{Sidenote : This game has an amazing controller support, both DirectInput and XInput controllers are recognised in an instant}The game has endless replay value. I've been trying to get all achivements for a while, but before I could finish the last 5, a free update arrived withTONSof new content. Every playthrough is a different experience, thanks to the random drops, random bosses, and the available classes, of which there are 6 at the moment.I can't recommend this game enough. The fact that it's only 11€ is just another example how amazing the developers are. With this quantity and quality of content, I wouldn't mind paying even 50€ for Rampage Knights.If I had to give a rating, it would obviously be 10/10"
,Recommended,314410,15478448,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"I have to say, I'm loving the game so far! The combat feels very good, different combos(Although I'd like to see more, and different ones for different classes), and when you hit an opponent you get that feeling of impact. I also really like the cartoonish artstyle, and the character design and implimentation is great, and I'd love to see more combos(Perhaps versions of the skeletons on the last few levels that throw bombs, champion enemies that have different stipulations to them, ect).Obviously I've given a few of my own recommendations so far, but here are a few more1. Alternate levels. I'd love to have an alternate castle(possibly more difficult) that appears every so often to explore, to give more variety. You could have repeat enemies and possibly new ones(Giant spiders, poison rats, ect). Also an alternate to the Enchanted Forest, perhaps a desert with mummies or something. Just a suggestion.2. A reason to what we're doing. This is a minor one but I feel it could help the tone. Perhaps just a minor cutscene that explains what we're doing, similar to The Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy. It doesn't have to be anything complex, just a simple reason that gives us motivation. Perhaps its simply the treasure inside the castle, maybe theres a Giant beast that threatens the land if we don't get inside and take it out. Anything, really. Again, this is a minor thing on my mind, but it would help with the tone I feel.3. I'm sure you guys are probably working on this, but I feel an overall progression system would help. I think thats what the strongman is for? I'm unsure since its not been implimented yet, but something that feels like your progressing overall and not just in how far you get in the game would be nice. Maybe a town we could build on? Just suggestions.I'm sure you guys are working on more enemy variety, so that goes without saying. Nice work on the game so far! I'm glad you guys realize Early Access isn't for broken, buggy messes, but for games that have a solid foundation to add on. I think this game has the potential to be a hit.-This EA review is more for the Developers, I've also posted it on the forum. As the game develops and is released I'll alter my review. If your mildy interested I'd recommend picking it up. Its not finished, but its a very great start-Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,314410,17918620,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I don't play alot of side-scrolling beat-em-ups mainly because they tend to be fairly simple button mashers.I got this on a whim, and boy am I impressed. This really does have a nice balance of complexity and roguelike elements. I really wish it was 4 player, and not just 2, but either way its alot of fun.You can play with permadeath, or just casual mode where you don't have to start over fresh when you die. There are lots of  great powerups that really make a difference, and great humor with potions and such. The fighting mechanic is solid - strategy will certainly go a long way here.Pros:+Really fun combat that rewards strategy and knowledge of the controls - this aint button mashing+Artwork is really cool+Randomly generated environments which is really fresh in this genre+Cool character customization including hats, male/female, classes, etc.+It is difficult!!!+You will certainly get tons of hours out of thisCons:-It is very difficult. I mean for me, single player isn't really possible at this point. You better have a competant partner-Only 2 player max with co-opPersonally, this is a no-brainer recommendation for me. Tons of fun to be had."
,Recommended,314410,18664921,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dagu,"If you're a fan of indie rpg/co-op games then this game is worth every penny.PROS:- Developers have a sense of humor. I always like a game where just a name of an item can make me giggle.- Great graphics/animation for an indie game.- Single player is enjoyable but it's even more fun and entertaining with a buddy (co-op).- Random variety of stages, events and bosses for everyone depending on difficulty mode.- Monsters / Items are original, unique, and hilarious.- Variety of classes and difficulty modes to be unlocked.- Achievement hunter friendly.- Online lobby browser for public/private games.CONS:- imo Plot is a bit cheesy but not sure if that was intentional or not. While you're playing, you don't really think about it and it's only brought up again when you finish the game.- No multiple game saves yet. It just starts off where ever you left off including co-op (currently being worked on).- As much content there already is, it could definitely be a much better game with more stages/obstacles.THOUGHTS:I really like the 50/50 friendly fire in co-op mode, I think it not only brings a challenge to the duo but encourages playful rivalry. You don't take direct damage from eachother but the impact of attacks and usage of items/spells can affect your partner indirectly. It definitely spices up the game experience. That's why I recommend not just playing with anyone but playing with a good buddy or someone ""special"" that you don't mind getting you killed over and over again ^^UPDATE Nov. 12:Now that they added in the Online Lobby Browser for multiplayer, its easier to find people to play with and it includes private/public options."
,Recommended,314410,17936435,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jon Rando,"A fun beat 'em up with some modern gaming elements thrown in that make for a unique and enjoyable experience.The combat, while not overly complex, feels good and has just enough moves to make it interesting.  The controls are easy to grasp and feel tight enough that you'll be rolling around and dash attacking with wreckless abandon in no time.  And while the levels are linear (fitting with the beat 'em up genre), the randomized layout, enemies and loot help to keep it from becoming too repetitive too quickly.While I don't think it has the sheer volume of special items that Binding of Isaac has, it does have a bit of that same feel with certain items altering your character's appearance and granting special abilities.  There is a nice mix of different weapons, items, potions and spells that can be found randomly that will keep you looking for more.However, the game is surprisingly hard, at least initially, but not in an artificial way.  The game will generally give you warning when enemies are about to attack.  You really have to pay attention and know when to dodge or otherwise avoid being hit.  One lapse of concentration can also cause you to accidentally roll off a cliff or miss a jump and leave you falling to your death.Playing with a friend feels a bit like Magicka in that your partner can be your worst enemy at times when they accidentally knock you into a chasm.  Who am I kidding?  I was generally the one launching my partner to his death to the point where you would think I was playing with Jebediah Kerman.  Fortunately for me, my adventuring partner seemed to share Jeb's endless enthusiam for experiencing rapid unplanned disassembly.I've only played the game for a few hours with a friend, but I can say that it was well worth the price of admission.  Being a fan of games like this going all the way back to River City Ransom on the NES, I may be a bit biased.  But I can already say laughs were had, tears were shed, victories were celebrated, losses were lamented.  And that makes for a worthy game in my book."
76561198121025998,Recommended,314410,17933280,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Seifer,"Great Roguelike-game with many aspects resembling that of the Binding of Isaac, with the difficulty of Dark Souls (yeah I went there). There are six classes, five of which must be unlocked, and are all rather unique in set ups and play styles, all of which is not without its own pro's and con's (save for the Adventurer class). Playing co-op allows for some fun synergies and the ability to revive one another by killing a certain amount of enemies, making the pressure both intense and fun. Single player is also do-able as enemies are less in number and bosses with less health, alongside having two lives unlike co-op, plus the fact that items you find are all yours for the taking.Pro's:*Multiple levels of difficulty in a game where even the lower setting can kick your teeth in.*Very Rogue-like being that items empower the way you play on top of a combat system that focuses on your ability to be aware of your surroundings.*Random generation in all areas, yet each area has unique aspects that are retainned.*Replayability is very high; lots of achievements that makes you feel like a giddy 12-year old playing CoD for the first time.*(Co-op only) Bosses are excellently designed so that dead players can revive (kind of a must-play to see the value in).Meh~:*Co-op is much more fun than singleplayer, but take of that what you will.*The difficulty is extreme; every hit counts, may or may not appeal to most. (Perm-Death on all but lowest difficulty).*Friendly-Fire when playing Co-op; does not do damage but annoyingly knocks one another around. Hard to avoid.Cons:*No true customization of characters; you're given a list of pre-made characters of males and females (though less female costumes).*Items tend to be seen multiple times; you can actually get an item, find it again, and have it stack, though most of the time it's a weapon you've already passed on.*Some runs can be very imbalanced due to room generation and the types of monsters spawning (example: you can play through an area with all little enemies, or meet a room with all giants, or even not find any worthwhile treasures at all.*Hitboxes can be very annoying and frustrating; jumping well-over enemies to be hit anyway really sucks, the game is very roll oriented since most enemies that you ignore will spam you with projectiles.*(Co-op only) HE. KEEPS. TAKING. MY. SH*T."
,Recommended,314410,32204939,Posted: 5 June,all,JG4_Karaya,"Rampage Knights combines dungeon crawling beat 'em up action with looting, procedurally generated levels as well as rogue-like elements. Best played with a friend in coop mode this game proves a punishing but equally satisfying experience. The actions and choices you make during a playthrough should be well considered because they might come back to bite you. Due to the random nature of the level generation process as well as the multiple character classes available the game offers a high level of replayability and is well worth its price of admission!"
,Recommended,314410,28216719,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Valagor,"This game is a blast! Even at full price this game is worth every penny. Every run is different, so there is a ton of replayability.Here are some things I really like about Rampage Knights:+ Very nice cartoon style graphics.+ Lots of different enemies to fight.+ Every run is different.+ Perma-death can be disabled by setting the game to easy mode. I wish more perma-death games had this feature.+ Very tight and responsive controls. Controller support works flawlessly.+ Very well polished overall.+ Great character progression.+ Every class plays very differently.+ Cross platform online multiplayer and split screen local multiplayer.+ Plenty of different game modes and challenges.At 12 dollars, this game is worth every penny. There's a lot of content here with a ton of replayability."
76561197999589821,Recommended,314410,18117349,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"If you like Golden Axe, Binding of Isaac and Castle Crashers then this game is definitely for you!It is really fun and pretty difficult at the start, but once you start to unlock some achievements and other classes it gets easier. The art is gorgeous and the gameplay is really fluent. When you are in your basecamp you can change the class but also the look of your character and you can even wear a hat. While this is nice I do hope they bring some more depth into this aspect of the game since now it is purely cosmetical. They could perhaps give the hats some perks (positive and negative) to further up the game's replay value and difficulty."
76561197963664525,Recommended,314410,17895301,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Terkala,"If Binding of Isaac was a beat-em-up, it would be this game.Game balance is very smooth, the pacing is excellent, and every death feels like ""I screwed up"" and not ""The game screwed me"".That last point is important. Every death makes you feel like you could do better next time. And the next time, you can do better, and get a little further, and learn a little more, and then you'll die and repeat all over again."
76561198051758610,Recommended,314410,17890914,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BSwift,"Binding of isaac meets golden axe, games fun and addictive"
76561198019156789,Recommended,314410,30858770,Posted: 31 March,all,Capt Von Trapp,Awesome co-op brawler. Only thing that would makeit better is 4 player co op.  Very fun with a buddy.
,Recommended,314410,18257925,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,If Castle Crashers is the pop punk of 2D beat em upsthenCharlie Murder is punk rockandRampage Knights isNorwiegen Black Metal.Now you are playing with power. Arcane power.Suffer.
76561198004415083,Recommended,314410,33056230,Posted: 30 June,all,Balroc,Great game but bringing a friend is a must.
76561198071723451,Recommended,314410,18459102,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,La Giuggia,"There's nothing really new in this game, everything you find here you can find it somewhere else. Then, did the world needRampage Knights? It depends, for someone the answer can beyes.A lot of people won't like this game, but what's in it is almost perfect, so, if you are looking for certain features this could be the game for you.This is a roguelite brawler. The game has a standard permadeath system: you start, you play, you die, you ask god why, god doesn't answer, so you start it again.You alwaysrespawnin your camp, after death, so you may think you can power-up your character in between playthroughs,wrong. As I said the permadeath system is a standard one, you die, you lose everything, you restart brand new, the camp only serve the purpose to let you choose your class - you can unlock them completing achievements - customize your character appearance and set the game difficulty level, all that you find in a run, it's only for that run. Then, if you're looking for a grindy roguelite, you'll be disappointed, but if what you want is a difficult game with real permadeath, you can buy this.You even need to like brawler games, of course, but if you do, this is a sweat one. The game is hard, if you just smash the buttons you'll die, everything can be approached in the right way or in the wrong way, and when you do it well, it's gratifying. The gameplay is not too linear, you have different kinds of attacks, enemies, spells, and, most important, you will often use the environmet to defeat your opponents.If you are tempted by what I wrote, buy this game, especially if you have a friend to play with, this game has a two player co-op mode, and double the player, double the fun.Conclusions:If you want a roguelite brawler game with a standard permadeath system, randomly generated levels and cute graphics,Rampage Knightis probably your only option available, and a nice one."
,Recommended,314410,30895742,Posted: 2 April,all,XenoZooValentine,"EDIT: I corrected a few inaccuracies about the controls and added info about character classes, and cleaned up some of the explanations. I hope. Corrections are welcome in the comments.This is a Rogue-lite beat-'em-up with online multiplayer. Wait, what? ""Rogue-likes"" are games that where you navigate a procedurally generated (that is, randomized each time) dungeon without saving, each attempt starts from scratch. A ""Rogue-*lite*"" game like this lets you unlock better starting abilities based on progress from your previous attempts.You're an adventurer returning from a successful dungeon raid, when an evil wizard steals all your loot. Time to march to the wizard's tower and have a word with him about that. You'll just have to use whatever you pick up along the way.I started with the keyboard, but ended up buying a gamepad, since a fighting game just doesn't feel right to me otherwise. The left analog stick is used for movement, X is attack, A is jump, Y to activate things and grab items, B to use items, LB and RB cycle through inventory slots, LT and RT are for dodge-rolling. It was very responsive and worked fine for me. You can use the direction pad for inventory, dropping items, and emotes, but you only need drop and emote in multiplayer.It plays a lot like side-scrolling beat-'em-ups like Golden Axe or Final Fight. You can move in any direction, but only attack left and right, except for things like magic and some special attacks. There's a life bar that you replenish by eating food or chugging healing potions, and a magic bar that restores itself over time. You only start with one extra life.Your inventory has a spell slot, a throwing weapon slot, a scroll slot, and potion slot. You can only carry one of each, so use them instead of hoard them. You can carry plenty of throwing weapons but they have to be all the same type.Most spells have a big magic cost to start, but a slow magic drain as you continue them, so it's better to hit a group with a long blast of magic than to use it sparingly. There are lightning bolts, fireballs that set the enemy ablaze for damage over time, ice storms that freeze them in place, and more oddball stuff like a ""Dwarven Contraption"" with many uses, from crushing enemies to cracking locked treasure chests.Throwing weapons are pretty important to your survival. You can chuck a simple stone at your enemy to stun them, fling throwing daggers, knock down a row of them with a throwing axe, or lob Zelda-style cherry bombs at them.Scrolls are single-use magic spells. There's a wide variety of these. Some grant powers, some remove curses, some freeze monsters in the room, etc. There's even one that instantly builds a floor over all the bottomless pits in the room.The potions are mostly healing or powerups. There are some that give a huge amount of healing but also give you a random disease. Of course, there are also potions to remove curses and diseases, and some to increase your strength.The main challenge of the game is collecting a combination of abilities that works well from what you have available. Many of the sources of powerups (like the demon's card-guessing game) can give you random curses and diseases. Some powerups have inconvenient drawbacks, but then some curses and diseases actually have useful side-effects! A classic example is the Mighty Foot, which tries to stomp you every few seconds, but can also stomp enemies near you. There's also a mechanical arm which lets you do constant spinning attacks, but you can't use the dash attack anymore.There are lots of weapons, armor, and other gear available along the way. Some you get from chests (solve a simple lockpicking minigame) or you can find shops to buy them with gold pieces. You can also pick up familiars who follow you around and zap your enemies or help you in various ways. Altars give you random powers, but some are cursed or have other costs.Combat is quick and frantic, with lots of enemy variety, hordes of minions, nasty little fliers, and fearsome giant bosses. There are different special attacks you can perform depending on which direction you're moving when you attack, a stomp for prone or crawling enemies, and jump and dash attacks. Some enemies use shields which can only be broken by jump attacks or dashes, or by weapons with the shieldbreaker ability. The dodge-roll helps when fighting giants, because they get temporary stagger resistance after they get staggered; knocking them into bottomless pits is sometimes an option. Kick enemies across the room, toss them into the air, and spin them around to hit other enemies! The game gives you lots of ways to handle large groups.Critical hits (a slim chance that any hit does lots of extra damage) are a thing, and some magic weapons have extra effects on criticals. Status effects like getting frozen, set on fire, poisoned, etc. are also a thing, but there are ways to become immune most status and damage types.There's quite a bit of platforming, that is, jumping over pits and spikes. Most of it is tough but fair. Fortunately there are also jump boots, levitation scrolls, flying carpets, and the like which can be useful there. A double jump can be unlocked in various ways, and this is very handy for both combat and platforming, but it needs to be unlocked again every run unless you're an Assassin.Losing all your lives (or finishing the game by reaching the castle and killing the evil wizard) sends you back to the beginning to start all over again. There are ""challenges"" that track your lifetime stats over multiple runs, which unlock new abilities and character classes. For example, breaking 200 shields makes your shield-breaking create a shockwave that damages everything nearby, inflicting 100,000 spell damage gives you a spell damage bonus, and opening 200 locked chests makes lockpicking much easier by making the lockpick minigame shorter. Some challenges also unlock new hats for your character, and many different player skins are available from the start.Aside from the starting Adventurer character class, there are unlockable classes. Some of them change the game in significant ways: The Pirate uses a cannon instead of a dash attack, the Assassin can become invisible briefly instead of dodge-rolling, the Battlemage can teleport, etc.I didn't play any multiplayer yet, so I can't really review that part. It's two-player only, with an online server browser.The sprite art style and funky music give the game a fun arcade feel, and there's lots of bizarre humor in the game. There are some cute shout-outs to other indie games: The ""Serious Bomberman"" powerup gives you a Serious Bomb for a head, and the ""Fish Warrior Lady"" player skin might look familiar to Undertale players.Overall I was very happy with this purchase. I'm not that much into Rogue-like games, but it was a nice change of pace."
,Recommended,314410,17899411,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BigLeBluffski 웃,"A Roguelike Action-Adventure RPG game with features of The Binding of Isaac, Golden Axe series (oldies) and many other Roguelike games.+ Great Gameplay+ Great Soundtrack+ Great Atmosphere+ Great Developers= Great Success"
,Recommended,314410,32661025,Posted: 22 June,all,ChogNosh Bunggaloid,"Yep this, this is a good game. For a boi that's got a job that never ends I just want games that are fun at this point. And this is a damn fun game.Hope it updates soon."
,Recommended,314410,23417138,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jaxiki,"Finished it in a really short time with a friend, great game, lots of fun, we died so many times.Pick it up if you're looking for a few hours to waste."
76561198028243153,Recommended,314410,17907558,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,WorldWarWeasel,"Do you like a challenge? Randomized layouts and items? Tons of unlocks and things to see? Hacking and slashing? Humor? FUN?! Cuz this game has all those things.Buy it, play it, pray they make more.TLDR: This game is way more fun than it has any right to be."
,Recommended,314410,19752925,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,sharprock,I love this game! have over 100 hrs played and its still fun. Just wish people would update it more also. To begginers i recommend lowering ingame quality if you have a problem with chests. i like playing best with keyboard on a  crappy laptop at first i thought i couldn't play as good but then i got a controller and realized it was easier to fall off cliffs etc. I dont have a computer and can only have one game on my fathers laptop and this is what i chose its the funnest game if your thinking about playing or buying this game just do it!.
,Recommended,314410,30646777,Posted: 20 March,all,thevitalsloth,A super fun beat-em-up with multiple classes and tons of cool roguelike elements.
76561198041390339,Recommended,314410,18756944,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Robin ur Boostsz,Binding of Isaac + Golden AxePROs- Art style and customization is fun and quirky- Tight controls (Gamepad)- Constant free updates (as far as I have seen)- Really well balanced progression- Enough item variety to make you constantly adapt your playstyle- Enemy types are varied and decently spread throught the game- Lots of achievments to strive for (grant small bonuses to stats)CONs-final boss is kinda lame but getting to him makes up for it (I guess)9/10 best coop game this year so far for me!
76561197961489779,Recommended,314410,23633604,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Kamakazi_Llama,"This is what a good solid Indie game should be- fun, easy to pick up, well-executed, performs well, and it has great replay value.It's a game that's drawing heavily from Double Dragon, the classic arcade series.  Gameplay consists of smacking, kicking, throwing and generally causing mayhem in diverse levels that have all sorts of interesting obstacles and challenges.While I feel that the game would benefit from having a more diverse cast of fundamental weapons (there isn't the difference in game mechanics of Double Dragon's nunchuku vs. a bat, for example) the combat mechanics are solid and fun.What really makes it work, though, is the diversity of the special attacks.  While some of these could use some balance tweaks here and there (for example, there is a power-punch attack that works great but takes too long to charge up to be practical in a big fight, whereas the Lightning Rod is easy crowd-control fun) these mechanics make everything click well.I also wish there was a mechanic to return to the town and spend money on a new run; most times, a good run is pure RNG luck and there isn't much sense of long-term progression at the moment, other than unlocking Classes, which give a slightly different take on the core gameplay.Replay value is excellent, and the short duration of the zones means that this is a great game for those of us with limited time budgets for video games."
,Recommended,314410,31475982,Posted: 30 April,all,Caldaria,"This is another one of those games that look much worse than they are fun.Even when a friend of mine recommended it to me, I was worried it might be trash.As you might have guessed, it's not.Rampage Knights is an ""Isaac-like"" brawler with a heavy emphasis on melee combat.The dungeon is randomized every run and you can even bring a friend and play together online (and on equal terms with none of that half-baked ""supporter"" crap other games tend to do).You can unlock higher difficulties, additional game modes, and a ton of achievements.The latter aren't just for show though, as they do unlock new classes, characters, hats, and even permanent boosts, making them worth the time and effort required to unlock (most) of them.Combat is fast paced and varied enough to keep you engaged for many hours.You charge, dash, jump, dodge-roll, kick and stomp the crap out of ugly-looking monsters at delicious 60fps.Be warned though, because the game has a tendency to screw you over in ways that are just blatantly unfair.There were times when my character was knocked down right next to a bomb, causing me to get hit when I got up.Another time the game made me respawn right on top of a set of spikes, and with no invincibility whatsoever, causing me to get hit (a friend of mine even respawned on top of a hole, killing her instantly). Some treasure chests are deliberately placed next to pits, dropping you to your death if you happen to fail the unlocking minigame.It's moments like these that create hilarious situations in multiplayer, but in solo play they feel like a kick in the groin.Speaking of multiplayer, I highly recommend playing it with a friend.Just keep in mind that there is friendly fire, and while you don't take damage from each other's attacks (bombs excluded), you can still knock the other player into a pit, some spikes, or an explosion. Make sure to use voice chat so you can yell at each other properly.If 12€ is too much for you, put it on your wishlist and get it when it goes on sale."
76561198028224918,Recommended,314410,18132398,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,hmpark6905,please make an endless mode.
,Recommended,314410,30909628,Posted: 2 April,all,waelhadaya,"While I like the idea of Rampage Knights, it got repetitive, fast!Basically you start in the camp having two lives, you choose your class, your appearance and whatever you unlocked, you go to your adventure in areas that are randomly generated, and when you die, you lose everything, your gold, your equipment, your hero and everything, and you start over again, now if you’re like me that dies a lot in video games it’s going to be one hell of a loop, yes eventually you get better but you will repeat the same areas a lot.I like the graphics, the music is just okay, I like the many many perks, diseases, curses, and a lot of unique stuff, sometimes you end up having a unique and interesting builds, and sometimes you end up being a joke.Sometimes this game feels unfair, sometimes you don’t pay attention to a hole because you’re confused with the graphics, and there you go, you lost one life in the center of your face, sometimes three of more giants will gang up on you and you will end up being gangbanged, and not in a good way.I spent around 6 hours playing this game, I recommend it, but I suggest if there’s some kind of progression system besides the challenges list, it’s a loopy 7 out of 10."
76561198069395573,Recommended,314410,27994779,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KillswitchGT,"One minute its just after supper, the next, its 4 am and you have to get up in a few hours for work.This game is definitely worth every penny, and even better when you play with a friend online."
76561197965750057,Recommended,314410,29907098,Posted: 13 February,all,Kali_Muscle,"What a fantastic experience. A nice juicy combat system that rewards good reflexes and strategy, a random element that keeps things tricky, and enough unlockables to keep you playing. I bought this and lost castle at the same time, and I was very surprised to see this was a far stronger game. Dont delay in giving it a go, especially if you have a friend to go through it with."
,Recommended,314410,20188894,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gamma Lyrae,"Visually speaking, this game aint much to look at.. The nicest thing I can say about the art is that, at the very least, the developers have a good sense of the color wheel and this game avoids color palettes that are somehow 'off' in a way you can't quite put your finger on.What's important here is the gameplay. What you see in the trailer is what you get. It's a brawler first and foremost, with randomly generated environments and permadeath. There are options for a ""casual"" mode which will just allow you to fight through to the end, but that's taking out the one thing that makes this game unique.Unlike arcade games that are designed to eat your quarters, this games enemies all have patterns you can learn - the challenge comes from managing multiple enemies of different types at once. Every death feels like your fault. While it does have some more obtuse elements to it (such as potions with unidentifiable effects, items which will give you random curses or other ill effects), sessions are short and satisfying enough that it doesn't feel terrible. There's enough humor to be found in some of the ways an item or curse will change your character to balance things out, I think.If you liked games such as Castle Crashers, Golden Axe, or any one of the dozen classic Konami beat em up games of the 90s, this game is the next logical evolution of that sort of game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,314410,20348060,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Fishzerg,"Really super epic game. Played it local coop with two friends (two at a time, so we would switch seats) and had a blast. So I guess I recommend it for this type of gaming.Game is easy to jump into for a quick round, but also keeps you interested if you want to spend many more hours on it at a time. New things kept appearing even after 20 hours of gameplay. It can be very challenging, sometimes even too difficult, but it is also really funny. Even dying soemtimes can be hillarious.  So art style, gameplay-wise, sound-wise, it is an excellent game and I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,314410,23824288,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dictionary,"Dank.Solid roguelike beat 'em up like Streets of Rage meets Binding of Isaac. Also features a great co-op mode where you can murder each other ""accidentally."" (There's no direct damage but you can knock each other into enviromental items such as exploding barrels, bombs, spikes and pits will still do their full damage.) Lots of items, lots of unlockables, lots of small, permanent imrpovements unlocked through achievements along with different playable ""characters"" who give small flavorful boosts which aren't always 100% better than the starting characters.Very solid for $6, great deal for 2 copies at $9."
76561197993205863,Recommended,314410,26339904,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,"Suddenly, Pasta Salad","Very fun local co-op game that I'm playing with my girlfriend. We're currently trying to beat the game on Insane and although it's frustrating at times, we've had a lot of fun with it so far.Pros:Challenging but fair combat.Fun items and upgrades(There's a spell called Freedom Giver that lets you fly around and drop bombs)Funny humor. Duck disease is the worst.Classes are diverse enough to change up gameplay.Easy to learn, hard to master.The only con I can think of is level diversity could have been a little better, though the combat makes up for this because it's so fun and you're usually focused on that. There's pretty much a forest level at the start, then castle levels after that that don't seem too much different.Some people might see the difficulty/RNG elements as cons, but I see those as good things.To sum up I would have paid 5x the sale price and been happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,314410,22887394,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Fattox,"I didn't enjoy a beat 'em up this much since the 90's (IE - The ""SoR/Golden Axe"" era). The random items keep it unpredictable and fun, whether it's a health potion, or a MIGHTY FOOT of death. I should've picked this up sooner, rather than having it on my wishlist for so long."
76561197999467867,Recommended,314410,18129347,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fibrizzo,"Great game!!! I just love it :DPlease, add some more dungeons and such! :P"
,Recommended,314410,17989485,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Bubble0100,"Its like Castle Crushers and The Binding of Isaac had a baby.I really... Really awesome baby.It's a very great past time, The game has such variety every run is different to the last. Something I find really awesome!Can't wait to see furture updates or DLC even!Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,314410,17646800,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[HOH]Hypnotech03,"Cant get enough Rampage.. since day one me and a mate played every evening for a few hours, for a few weeks straight..we both feel this game has been made right.. for what it is simple yet challenging. each to their own i play with the barbarian, and my mate the warlock..he causes me to die a lot but♥♥♥♥♥♥happens.. its too fun to worry abouit that. it took us both around 5 days (10 hours) to finally get to the final Boss (temporary ending) and then we were amazed by this game..definatelly recommend to anyone who enjoys hack & Slash game made right!10/10"
,Recommended,314410,22506038,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,toxic,"Co Op is fun but challenging because the items are split to each otherSolo can be fun but easier because you get all the items;maybe in a future update or expansion, solo can be more fun, just like Co OpBut other than that, I would get you and your friend this game and have a few laughs when you knock eachother off a chasm just like my friend always does to me."
,Recommended,314410,18039235,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Miporin,"""A Pick up and Play Masterpiece.""- MiporinIf you are looking for a game to play in a short break, Rampage Knights is yours.The game itself is designed on a simple concept, you fight hordes of enemies through the stages to reach the final boss. However, the game adds several things to that, making your each run more dynamic.SOLO gameplay is good, however, CO-OP gameplay will push the fun meter to its limit. Sometimes, the most troublesome enemy is your friend :DRecommended forAVERAGEgamers. However, if you are the type that do nothing, but gaming, thinking that the dynamic aspect will encourage you to play likes 5 hrs straight, this game might not be what you are looking for.Still looking for more detailed, but spoiler-free review?, continue reading.::::::::::::::: Visual and other FX :::::::::::::::The art is nice, 2d cartoonish, not pixelated. Nothing special, but it fits the game really well.Character looks funny, with some surprises here, and there. There are many different character, categorized into classes, but with different styles, equipments.Audio, and other FX is well designed to fit the visual. Just a little something that I found several audio to be boring, lacking some BAM! factors, for my personal tastes though.::::::::::::::: General Gameplay :::::::::::::::The combat is simple. You are limited to few movesets, and you will continue chaining them together until you lose or win each run. The game relies more on player skills.You have several classes to play with. They have almost the same basic movesets. Each class has its own pros&cons, which will affect your playstyle.For example; a big guy. He has bigger weapon, so longer range. He is buffed, more health, but slower, and he refuses to wear armor! the other guy, carrying a cannon on his back, so he can use it. he is faster than the big guy, however, he cannot wear boots!You can pick up weapons, armors, accessories, relics, pets, enemies!!?, map props, consumables, and etc. to help yourself go further in each run.::::::::::::::: Randomized Factors :::::::::::::::There are some rogue-like elements here, which is enough to make the game interesting. Although you might be disappointed, if you are expecting fully randomized kind of game.The game consist of several stages, and each stage consist of several maps connecting to one another. Each run will pick a number of maps from its available maps, then put it together as a stage, by connecting them with doors, or passages. They are not randomly generated. However, it offers some varieties, enough to keep the gameplay going.Each map will randomly spawn-in enemies, chests, some map props, and some surprises. This can be ranged from an empty room to a tresure room fully pack with enemies, and traps.The items you get during each stage is random, however, within the difficulty range, that it doesn't make you stream-rolled everything in your path, and they are not randomly generated, but pre-made items.There are also many surprises, that you can find along the way. They can be good, bad, a little bit of both, or nothing ... really ... >w<Oh, and don't worry, your hero will be reset in each run.::::::::::::::: CO-OP Gameplay :::::::::::::::I think that the game is more enjoyable this way. The difficulty scales up a bit in CO-OP. more enemies, less loots (you have to share items)If one of you is killed, your partner can revive you, as it suppose to in CO-OP games, or the dead you can even revive yourself (with the right condition, of course) ^^vThe game is friendly fire enabled, just a reaction hit though. Trust me, that's is more than enough to kill off your partner when things get messy.One downside for the CO-OP ... you need good, fast, and stable connection for smooth gameplay. The lags can be extreme, which can result in very nasty way, and it affect both of you."
76561198062450009,Recommended,314410,31389143,Posted: 27 April,all,Feo,The game has one of the best replayability value I've ever seen.
76561198014838460,Recommended,314410,28733942,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brawnk,Tons of fun. My cousin and I play on the same screen all the time! A rarity in modern gaming :D
76561198026170824,Recommended,314410,23115224,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Precognition,"Trust me when i say this, grab a friend and play it together, it's sooooo much fun!"
,Recommended,314410,18192688,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mathzx,Bought a 2-pack for a friend and I expecting to play around 20 minutes. Ended up playing close to 6 hours. This game is a lot of fun if you are into rogue-like and playing co-op with friends. The randomness of this game is genius and makes the game last. Every playthrough is different and the difficultys are spot on.
,Recommended,314410,18637566,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,pixxul,"After playing 50 hours and completing the game 100% I can say: This game is damn fun.Its real potential obviously only comes out if you have a friend to play with, since this game is supposed to be played in Co-op and you're supposed to keep in touch with your buddy over Skype/Teamspeak/Mumble/what ever you use while stealing his loot and knock him into pits and spikes.It feels like a mixture of Castle Crashers and Binding of Isaac, having the fun of a hack n slash game while keeping the rogue-light aspects intact, since you slowly power up with achievements (or challenges as they are called ingame).The only part of this game which I was kind of disappointed in is the final boss, since you don't really have any warning that you're actually at the boss when you get there, although the final phase of him is definitly something you would not expect when playing a rogue-light hack n slash game."
,Recommended,314410,23879297,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Darabka,"Hilarious Hack & Slash with lolzy powerups and good gameplay. Multiplayer works great too. The powerups and powerdowns and the semi-reandom generated levels give it a bit of a binding of Isaac feel, but this game is off course superior."
76561198009489772,Recommended,314410,32382817,Posted: 13 June,all,Junk,"good for the items and multiplayer, saldly only couch co-op tho, look at the bad reveiws and i will tell you, you are good then it is good and for it being flash game im pretty sure it is but remember the binding of issac was a flash game"
76561198004368051,Recommended,314410,28989217,Posted: 3 January,all,DFuxa,"Remember ye olden days when you played games like Streets of Rage or Double Dragon? Rampage Knights is a beat 'em up game where you travel along slashing and bashing enemies and crushing them beneath your feet. Much like the aforementioned games, this is also a cooperative game. You can play it with friends online or with local shared/split screen.Along with the beat 'em up gameplay, it also has rogue-like elements to it. You go along through randomly generated areas and rooms, fighting against an array of enemies or having to avoid a fair many hazards. You can also gather items or spells along with equipping gear you might find to help you along the way. Along with these though, there are also diseases and curses which can hinder and harm you in different ways.The game is likely best played in multiplayer with a friend. You won't find any friendly fire happening (at least at Normal difficulty) so you won't have any issues in that department, but some curses can effect both you and your friend as you go along. Watch out though if your friend throws an explosive - or watch out for your friends when you throw them.Considering the strengths of the game, I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for its single player - but if you have a friend you are looking to play with, then a recommend picking it up the 2-pack on offer and playing it with them."
,Recommended,314410,22923975,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Eilde,"It is a fun hack&slash game with minor rogue lite elements.  I normally wouldn't recommend this game due to it being too easy. ALL difficulty levels are just way too easy and you can speed run it without even trying. No game ending, no reason to actually keep playing it other than achievements (""in my opinion""). For a kid, this would be a fun little game for them to play. The way the game is now, it just lacks so much in so many areas that it just seems like it would be a virtual dust collector in many individuals steam libraries. Gameplay is fine. The sprites are decent as well. Not many other pros. The price now on sale around 7 USD, worth it if you have extra change. It really needs more content and reason for replay value other than achievements... It becomes WAY too monotonous way too fast. But was a fun...ish monotonous experience."
,Recommended,314410,18303634,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dr.Bolt,"I love this game, There is no doubt in that. Random levels with random items every run stops the game from becoming stale, However It is relatively short but with 4 diffuculty levels you should be occupied for a good amount of time. The game has a option to not have a run end when you die but I didnt play that.I loved unlocking classes and hats (Definately not from playing tf2) but some classes feel a little underwhelming to me. The default class (Adventure) is, and this quote comes right from the game ""Boring unexciting default hero without any advantage or disadvantage. Yawn."" Dont think that needs any explanation. The barbarian is a beefed up version that moves slower has higher strength but refuses to wear armors. Pirate has peg legs for stronger kicks and stomp attacks, Also loves rum and has a parrot that attacks enemies. Assassin is nimble but low health, also a double jump. I have not played the warlock or battlemage yet.Like binding of issac items play a big part in the game. There are quite a few but not enough that it becomes overwhelming. Chest armor, Belts and boots. Theres spells your character can use that cost mana. Throwing weapons are available, Familiars and modifiers that buff stats and such. Potions for buffs and scrolls.And whats a game without monsters? They give you plenty in this one to slash and throw all over the map. I personally think there is a decent amount of them between bosses, Regular mobs, Giants and special enemies.Soundtrack and general sounds were good.If this was a scale I would put the game at a 8/10. I loved playing the game by myself but Im really looking foreward to co op. (And hopefully updates for more content.)"
76561198068348857,Recommended,314410,15169356,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mungozavr ❤,"You loved Castle Crashers? You couldn't get enough Binding of Isaac? Well, then here's just another game made for you!Searched for a game a friend of mine and me could play together, and found just the game. It may not be something fancy, with lots of awesome looking particles and fx, but it's so charming in it's own way. A 2D brawler game that is actually quite challenging, since it has a rogue-like playstyle... and maybe some meanies in between.The way of style is, may I say, quite lovely kept. Even though there is a lot of blood, whether it's your own because your friend keeps hitting you while you go for a sandwich, or more preferably the one of your enemies, it still has that little something that doesn't make it completly ""senseless""-slaying looking.And even though just running towards your enemy and bashing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them sounds quite exhausting and boring after a while; but just like me, you'll learn the hard way there is some tiny bit of strategy needed... and the will not to drink every potion that drops from chests. You might also fall into pits, get pushed near explosives that get blown up a second after, might get pushed by your ally, or knock him down by throwing enemies at him. Even your greed can literally kill you in this game.You find gear along your way that increase your stats, or give you other benefits like immunity to explosions or poison, you'll find items that allow you to cast different spells, you can have throwable weapons, and of course pots. Gold drops from trash you can destroy to chests, with which you can buy some items here and there that should help you along your way.It is challenging in it's own way, not only because just running ahead is not always the best solution, but also because, and that's a point many people might dislike, if you die, you are (kinda) dead. In Co-op, it is possible to get back to life, if your ally finishes off enough enemies while you annoy them being a ghost. But if you two are unfortunate, you will have to start from all over, losing all items and benefits. Same if playing solo.*The developers have no intention to put in a save option, since they want to keep the rogue-like style to the game, since that is and was their intention when creating the game. They might add different difficulties for levels, and might even add one allowing you to save - but that's no 100% yet.*So if you're not that kind of person, you'll probably have a hard time.Even if dying and starting all over might want you to throw your controller away, still, you can't blame the game, and just keep playing anyway. Because it's fun!What can I say, grab it, it's worth it. Make your friends buy it, play it with them, it's even more fun, and I'm quite sure you will spend more time in this game than you actually plan to.Having spent some time reading up on what else the developers have in mind, I really can't wait for updates, and hope just the best for it."
,Recommended,314410,18002092,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Im No Hero,"Well, its fun with blood and funny combos and moves. but a bit on the hard side. here are my issues (anything writin inside these is after 400+ hrs of play)1] I mean Normal PermaDeath, unpassable deamon permascrew alters without scroll. Oh wait its ok there is a casual mode! Wait this is just as hard if not harder then normal.... Still unpassable deamon alters with permascrew curses! (You will soon find casual mode way way to easy)2] I enjoy the variety of enemies the game has to offer. some easy to kill some very very hard. I DO NOT like the fact every enemy has every ability. archer kick me and swordsman throw daggers there is no escaping from anything! I dont think they should all have close and long range attacks. one or the other for god sakes. its just a Sh!t fest late game of stuff flying through the air. (this game is purely ment to kill you, though you will find yourself with an advantage in many runs. items have been added and the game is more complex now)3] The maps are cool, but i find myself on the same ones alot with little variations to them.(rooms have been added and other modes as well, the RNG is better for rooms now)4] Weapons and stuff are very cool! I like the different build possibilities. Dont seem to get many good items in Co-op also same amount from chests and stuff more people? (the game would be to easy in the long run of things otherwise, this adds alot of depending on your allie not to help kill you :P )5] Potions, ok lol very creative and funny with friends... But now that i have played alot I...we all just avoid 75% of the potions because they are bad.... WHY? i mean they drop these potions on almost every map! They are use less and have no plus only neg affects?( I found many uses for potions late game, you will have to see for yourself but really fun stuff)6] Hitting your team, this is awesome! I love that i can just rage out on my friends and they take no damage.. I would also like a way to turn this off. maybe idk CASUAL MODE!!!! that doesnt seem very casual right now. :P (again casual mode is a joke lol)7] Combos, love the combos! Some are very funny, pick up\throw is great! WANT MORE! i mean just a few more complex higher damage move combos would be nice. It would also be nice if i could say, Grab a Co-op player and combo throw him into enemies doing extra damage. (there is no way you will coordinate such attacks with the chaos style of the game)8] Last one! and this is just a peeve, shields! where the F@*% are my shields! i see every other enemy with a shield that is a pain to break in small areas! Why the hell dont i get a shield? Yes yes they dont really have armour and we get to but. there are also 100's of them and 1 of meeee!!! (I still want a shield lmao but have found it would make the game to easy)Guys over all this game is fun, just needs a little work I believe. I am sure there will be some changes good and bad as all games go now a days. I give it a 9-10 if they want the 10 or more they gotta some things :) (LIKE DLC's SO YOU CAN TAKE MY MONEY because this game is awesome!!)"
76561198067216331,Recommended,314410,32400971,Posted: 13 June,all,Carne Moida,prety fun! need more content tough
,Recommended,314410,15105446,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TomⒶrky,"I realy enjoy playing this game, solo or with a friend both is nice!Falling into the void because i am drunken, poisend by an evil mashroom, pushed by a friend because he throws an enemy at me, pushed by a friend because he trolls me in ghost form, running into it because of a running curse or jumping into it due to a jumping curse has never been so much fun!I forgot you can also fall to your death when you try to open a chest, ♥♥♥♥ up, get damaged and fall into the void :PBut as soon as you get the freaking lifebelt you can yolo into that freaking voids as often as you want :PEventhough it is ea it's fun playing the game right now, there is enough content right now to keep you busy for some time.Plus the Artstyle of the game is so good!"
,Recommended,314410,16644643,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[spelTV]killer81,Nice and funny game to play wid a Friend Lovit :)  Good Job game makers
,Recommended,314410,15079057,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Droucil,"Tough game, Very enjoyable to play, Great Music, a big bloody mess, The new upgraded Golden Axe Version 2.0!Currently when you die, your death, no saving. So you have to start all over, with no progress saved at all. You can upgrade your char along the way, getting better gear and new abilities. As I understand, their plan is to keep the permadeath, but with some kind of progress. By doing different campaigns. I did see a list with achievments, but they currently don't work yet.There are a few different classes, having different pro's and cons (think about health, running speed, damage) and different kind of abilities. Like the assassin can go into stealth mode for a short period of time and do a double jump.This game has a lot of promises. Can't wait to see this game finished, definitely a taker!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7ZpfoTHges&list=UU8U7EeDp3URcg2X48-UFnjw"
,Not Recommended,314410,29037611,Posted: 5 January,all,Feathers_Fell,"I really wanted to love this, I really effin' love brawlers and this looked so good. I tried to enjoy it, I really did, but it's just not a good brawler. Movement feels really clunky, attacking stops you dead, something's off about the horizontal planes or your attack's hitbox so enemies can be just slightly above you and your sword swings will completely miss, and combat's basically mashing a single attack button over and over. Granted, you can also press up, down and either left or right to do a directional attack, but it's not implemented well and is very awkward to perform as you have to be attacking your enemy before you can do it.It's not all bad; there's a huge variety of weapons, items, spells and unlockables, and they're generally really well thought out. It's obvious a lot of work went into the RPG aspects of the game, and they work brilliantly because I'd constantly be weighing up whether a new spell was worth dropping an old one, or whether a potion should be drunk now or would the side effects screw me over, so in that regard the game's great. It's just a shame the movement and the combat just didn't seem to ""click"" for me, because I'd be more willing to retry that awful Pit and Pendulum boss if it handled better.Also it has a lockpicking mini-game.A lockpicking mini-game.In a brawler.Can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,314410,29556634,Posted: 28 January,all,3Crispy,"This game right out of the gate is extremely quirky and doesn't take itself seriously. It doesn't mind going crazy and doing really weird stuff. When you play you feel as though you are truly over powered but the enemies still pose a big threat and you if you get cocky you'll find yourself dead.Hurray Classic Pro/Con review format but altered slightly to Strenghts/Weaknesses because I think it is slightly more fitting.STRENGHTS:+++ Really fun and enjoyable with a friend++ Crazy weapon, spell, curse, disease, blessing, armor, equipables, potions, minions and the list goes on. Basically all the stuff you find is incredibly entertaining and fun to mess around with. A lot of the times when you see something new you go ""FOR REAL??? THIS IS A THING??"" And then you proceed to pick up and use said thing and see how horrible\amazing it actually is.+Bosses! ***EXCEPT THE FINAL BOSS*** The bosses in this game are generally a tough challenge that take a lot of dodging and finessing to take down. A lot of the time they have weakness that must be exploited to win (Hurray strategy)*Although some of the bosses are just recycled versions of enemies that do more damage which is kind of lame, its still feels like a challenge.So those were the good things. Seems like a pretty fun game right? Well it is! and it is really addicting, however there are some things which are bad that can really soil the game for people. And I am one of those people.WEAKNESSES------- THE FINAL BOSS.So you play through this tough game fighting and dying multiple times and restarting. Then finally you make it to the final boss and the first couple fazes are awesome! It's tough and he deals massive damage. Once you over come these fazes the stupidest thing happen that uproots everything you've done the entire game. You proceed to hop on a broomstick and the game turns into a 2D bullet hell game (Not even a good or difficult one) Why the game decides to thow all your weapons and spells and cool stuff that you got accustomed to and loved using out the window?? I have no clue. But After the final boss I stopped playing the game instantly. It was ruined for me after that point. But idk if that doesn't bother you go right on ahead.--- Music, Artstyle, Character design, Level design. Everything in this game looks and sounds low budget. Which it might have honestly been, but personally the games style and aesthetic don't appeal to me. Especially the character design.-- Weird boss encounters? How can I do a run where I fight three bosses by the fourth area, and then the next run I don't fight a boss until the fifth area?? Seems messed up but I would have liked if some of the random generation was taken out in favor of having boss fights around the same time every run. But thats just me.- Playable Characters. They could have done a lot better in this area of the game. There are only 6 playable characters and the most of them are pretty boring and generic. There are a few exceptions but for most of the time playing the game you will be working to unlock these characters and by the time you get them you will most likely be burnt out on playing the game.Whoa TL\DRThis game is fun and addicting and if you have 18$ and are looking for a fun co-op game to play with your friend. Go for it. If not just wait for a sale. This game is worth it for 10$ or less. Just try not to play solo. Its boring solo."
76561197987122324,Recommended,314410,20933836,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Muchacho,"IMHO this game is...Characteristics: Brawler, Random Loot and Level, Perma death.PROS-Great, fast paced and very responsive combat.-Awesome and crazy item and spell combinations.-Variety in terms of loot and enemies.-Nice graphics.-Interesting bosses.-Game is rather hard.-Many special rooms and encounters (whell of fortune, kitchen and so on).CONS-Some rooms have BS jumping sections.-Did I mention jumping sections?-Jumping...Conclusion: Game is awesome!"
76561197970700279,Recommended,314410,19587458,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DarkPowerpaul,"Believe me, you will have very much fun with this game :DEspecially in coop with a friend. And it suits perfectly for couchgaming for local coop with 2 gamepads."
76561198019013409,Recommended,314410,27928849,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ϟVoltageϟ,I absolutely love this game! It starts off easy and each room is randomly generated. Later on the enemies get tougher and it jumps in difficulty. I always play this game with my brothers / friends and have never played solo. It is fantastic fun to slam enemies with your sword into the ground. All of the items give you random and sometimes wacky abilities. There are always options in the game to take or leave certian items behind which will effect your future. It is super intense when you are about to die and have to slay a couple more enemies to bring your friend back to life. This game is a blast to play and chop some heads off with your friends!Gotta go 10/10
,Recommended,314410,18110992,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,User,"Amazing game!I haven't had this much fun playing a game in a loooong timeThis is hack and slash done right. The gameplay is super fulid with simple controls but its randomness and challenging difficulty will keep you engaged.Along with fluid and crisp art, this is a high quality game you can play for quiet some time.Only down side as of now is its length. Hopefully the devs bring out more content or expansions, because this game has whole lotta potential.Get it"
,Recommended,314410,24301841,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[FYA]AlexandreBloodDayQc,"one of the most fun coop game i have played in a while, i totally recomend it!"
76561198018214142,Recommended,314410,24396233,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Metiu,Endless fun with various playable classes. Local Co-op is super fun. I recommend to buy!
76561197970502906,Recommended,314410,24235829,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Agnar,REALLY good game.  Best 12 bucks I've spent in a long time.
76561198070134346,Recommended,314410,31551298,Posted: 4 May,all,lucas.propstmilik,"I never write anything about games, but this game should be on your play list. I am extremly picky with my Indie games, but if you like Binding of Issac or  Rogue Legacy this is a must play period."
76561198001049803,Recommended,314410,28275836,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Balabos,"I do not like most rogue-alikes for their lack of local co-op experience, but this one successfully blends the side-scrolling beat-em-up interface (read easy to use and applicable to local co-op) with the fun ot finding new equipment. There's no character advancement other than your inventory, but the potential items to discover are so rich and varied that it ends up feeling like changing classes depending on what you find.The startling shock of the game is when, after a few hours progressing with laughter and groans through the dungeon, you ""win."" At that point, your characters are suddenly deleted and re-made somewhat randomly. There's no sense of continuity between games other than the very slow unlocking of strange play levels or odd hats for your character to wear.Despite this (I find) rather unpleasant ""reward"" for winning, we have continued to play it night after night for a single quick run through the dungeon. An absolutely great drinking and being ridiculous."
,Recommended,314410,27703431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mel,"It's a great game to play offline when you need to pass some time, and it doesn't actually get boring even if it seems like it's a repetitive game. Other than a pretty high price, it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,314410,28230321,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,darkdaysahead,"This is a really fun brawler. If you like a good beat em' up game with rouge elements, you'll enjoy this. There's a few annoying parts, like falling off the edges of the level, but overall it's very enjoyable. Unlocking stuff is a joy and the different character classes seem really well designed (I've only unlocked 3 as of writing this review). I think it's worth the asking price, and if you see it on sale, definitely pick it up."
76561198231796584,Recommended,314410,33419083,Posted: 9 July,all,-Amuse-,This is my first time playing a game of this genre and the combat is SO addictive! Still wish there were more players online as of now though.
76561197977294058,Recommended,314410,31039805,Posted: 9 April,all,Bedouin,"I've played this game both with a friend, couch coop style, both using Xbox360 controllers, as well as on my own.Although it can be a little more difficult solo, the game is enjoyable with or without a friend. It can be difficult, and casual mode isn't immediately available for those who want an easier experience. The difficulty levels are fitting, and some of the challange to the game is based solely on RNG, e.g the weapons you find (or don't find), the specialty rooms, or the number of enemies in a room. The items are fun, and there is deffinately a sense of progression to the levels. One thing I will say, is don't expect to mash buttons and win. There is definately skill involved in mastering this game."
76561198051686021,Recommended,314410,22966790,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Spionenfrau,"This game is a very positive surprise! 6 Charakters create a lot of variation, difficulty levels allow to adjust the game to your experience and it has a co-op mode (which I would recommend, its much more fun to play together). Worth its money!"
76561197962822175,Recommended,314410,18139261,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Indie Shibe,"If you like games like Castle Crushers and have a friend to play this with: Buy it now!And even if you did not like Castle Crushers: Buy it anyway, because it is much better! (more loot, more moves, more enemies, more chaos!)"
76561198074530263,Recommended,314410,33021864,Posted: 29 June,all,Vegeta,"BEST GAME EVER. This game is like munchkin(the card game) if it were an amazingly crafted 2D beat em up. I have had more fun with this game than any other. The programming is actually very impressive, I was playing with a friend one day and had to get off and when i got back on 2 days later and openned the game it picked up right where i left off, even remembering coins and♥♥♥♥♥♥in rooms. Another amazing thing that happened was my dude needed one more soul to be revived and I died, but he was able to kill and enamy as a ghost, and as he did this the game over screen was rolling in, but after he killed the enamy he came back and the game over screen went away. 10/10 no programming stone left unturned, if I had known this game was as good and well thought out as it is I wouldn't have waited for it to go on sale to buy it, this game is well worth $11.99."
,Recommended,314410,34465859,Posted: 24 August,all,Jung,"This game is unknown but still managed to be good, really good."
,Recommended,314410,34890641,Posted: 11 September,all,PandaIsAlive,"A tough, hard game at the start but you quickly learn how to play. The coop feature was amazing and had a blast playing with my friend"
,Recommended,314410,30176506,Posted: 25 February,all,Trainwreck,Great game bought this for me and a friend the next thing i knew it was 5am when i normally wake up at 6am deff gonna be a go to for me and friends during the lulz in between big releases
,Recommended,314410,18010585,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Muta,It's a fun game.But I wish it supported more than 2 players in coop. Because it clearly would still be fun.
76561198384707005,Recommended,314410,32229555,Posted: 6 June,all,Alistormr,The Perfect Beat'em Up Game!
76561198154571709,Recommended,314410,18166264,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DarkBeacon77,it's gud
,Recommended,314410,17910742,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,badnews4you,just beat normal mode. kinda easy. helmet that blocks all proj. is imba
,Recommended,314410,17988518,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[PVG] DeadEndDan,"A simple room-to-room dungeon crawler in which you level semi-unique characters up using set classes to complete a randomized configuration. Overall it's actually pretty fun. The co-op is the best, but solo has some great moments as well."
76561198109438829,Recommended,314410,20424968,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Little T-Rex,"Awesome game, fun art, challenging combat. Great replayability!"
,Recommended,314410,19844503,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,boss -ps-,Extremelly fun
76561198112722513,Recommended,314410,18722907,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BOT Ron,"Rampage Knights is definetely a great game but I must say, it is not for everyone.If you are into a game that pushes your sanity to the limit, then this is the game for you. Rampage Knights may seem like an easy and simple game at first glance but once the player/s starts getting into the higher difficulties the game becomes a lot more challenging. Rampage Knights is very unforgiving of your mistakes, especially in single player as you have no co-op partner to revive you. I, personally, like the way that the single player is balanced, while in co-op you have a partner to help you deal more damage and to revive eachother, you also have to share items, potions and make sure you don't end up ""accidently"" killing eachother. However, when playing in single player, you start off with an extra life and you don't need to share items (for all you hoarders) and worry about friendly fire.When it comes to the downsides of Rampage Knights, I have very little to complain about. Probably one of the only complaints I actually care about is the slight lack of content. I feel there needs to be more adventure in the game, more story. At the moment the story lacks heavily in detail, so much so that you will usually forget the story half way through a run and not remember until you reach the end of the game (where it reminds you of the story).To summarise, Rampage Knights is great for those looking for a challenge that will push them but not so much for those looking for an in-depth story. And to those who are buying/playing this game, good luck, you're going to need it ;)"
76561198081609038,Recommended,314410,23011270,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,GoatJudas,its v goodtight controlgratifying gameplaygud with pals
76561198074753176,Recommended,314410,18021830,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ShroudedRogue,much wow such fun
,Recommended,314410,19575285,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,HAHA WEED,wish i had more friends8.5/10
,Recommended,314410,18885806,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RING RING RING,"The developers of this game put a lot of funny ideas, references and goofy stuff in it. I'd love to see so much effort in other, bigger titles as well. really fun game"
,Recommended,314410,20595686,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Samurai Sam csgolive.com,i played beta of this game still love it
,Recommended,314410,16235392,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Hooks,A really awesome game. Fun co-op and singleplayer. Very much worth the price.
,Recommended,314410,18555950,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beefenstein,"I bought this game to play local co-op but it's amazing as singleplayer regardless (I haven't tried online co-op yet, but I am sure I will). The rogue-like Binding of Isaac feeling with the loot and effects along with the skill-based sidescrolling hack'n'slash is extremely enjoyable. I currently have a crab-clawed Barbarian hauling along two lightning orbs and a chicken. As eggs are layed, lightning bolts are shot and large swords swung I cackle madly.For that alone please make sure to buy this game 1,000 times and give it to everyone you love."
76561198083309736,Recommended,314410,18453949,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Maximum Effort,"I never thought I would find a game I enjoy more then TF2, I was wrong, this game is so much fun and has so much replay value it's not even funny. While it is very fun alone I will say it's even more fun with a friend so just buy it already.P.S. Oh and force a friend to buy it to."
,Recommended,314410,18882344,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,int | bada,"This game is amazing! Great beat 'em up with an online co-op. The randomization provides hours of fun without feeling repetitive. Seriously, stop reading and get this game right now.."
76561198172419311,Recommended,314410,18100136,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,| DuppeN | NoaNordFront |,kicks♥♥♥♥♥
76561197980336376,Recommended,314410,28660512,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Survive,So captivating that you'll forget to sleep.I'm thinking of it as another way to play Isaac. Every run will be different.9/10
,Recommended,314410,25459867,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AngryRobotFTW,Awesome game. Always interesting fnding new items and power ups to try out.
76561197967347019,Recommended,314410,22259708,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lowke,Most fun ive had in months. Great value for money. So many laughs. Reccommend purchase even at full price.
76561198136854573,Recommended,314410,24059990,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Roguemaster,"Glorious, stupid fun that is actually pretty damn hard single player. The difficulty doesn't matter on 2 player cause you'll be laughing too hard to care."
,Recommended,314410,18756066,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Assassin4027,"TL;DR Review: Fun game, huge Binding of Issac feel. Needs more items/diversity to the floors, and needs a 4 player co-cop. Once all of this happens, the game will go from a 7/10 for me to a 9/10."
,Recommended,314410,18830494,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,calvin,"Spam ""D"" keyWin the game"
,Recommended,314410,18667671,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pumpkin Pie (TMFtwelve),"A pretty good game with many dungeons to explore, many items, and VERY high replayability.Pros:-Very challenging, though this is what kept me going, and sometimes made me slam my keyboard in anger.-It feels good to bash enemies into submission-Very roguelike-High replayability, there's a lot more enemies, items, bosses, and other things.-There's a few comedy relief points in there, too.-High intensity moments-A kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack that really sets the moodNeutral:-The combos are a bit weird, having to hold up while doing said combo makes you move up in that direction for a bit, then does the combo attack, risking missing my target (which goes with the hit detection con), But this wasn't as huge of a problem.-Chasms are a bit unfair to the player, as you know, if you drop into one you fall and die instantly, losing a life. I fall into these because my friend knocked me in or I pressed space to jump, but I didn't jump. Thankfully there's a lot of items that completely/partly prevent from you falling into chasms.Cons:-You can hit each other in co-op, which causes more problems then it helps.-You have to rely on luck to help you get through the game, such as getting an item that helps with map terrain, or health potions and familiars.-The hit detection is somewhat off, and it takes like a second to foot stomp an enemy lying on the ground when mashing A, doing a few attacks then foot stomping."
76561198074489592,Recommended,314410,25291608,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SirPanties,"♥♥♥♥ off, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥right now and throw a poison barrel to your ♥♥♥♥ing friend."
,Recommended,314410,31752887,Posted: 14 May,all,Siegfried,"Awesome game, need more like this!"
76561198067526110,Recommended,314410,17940691,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Wolfer,"Absolutely well worth the price, challenging, but fun and rewarding. My only complaint was the final boss battle, it seemed disjointed from the rest of the game, totally a big letdown for a finale."
76561198077811291,Recommended,314410,18182643,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SheckleSteinMcMoneyBags33,"The best Coop game I've played in years. Laughed till the point of tears after knocking my brother off into the abyss after  he violently stole every item and piece of gold. However, the game definitly needs more non weapon items and more bosses."
,Recommended,314410,18265795,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hyzi0,Awesome Game especialy if you have a friend to play it with!
,Recommended,314410,24436748,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,RAGE!
76561198031871426,Recommended,314410,15687399,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ECMA 262,gorgeous babe
76561198089609370,Recommended,314410,29682054,Posted: 3 February,all,Joojinho,Incredible Beat 'em up game
,Recommended,314410,28080157,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stratus,"More like ""Efso Knights"""
76561198032132431,Recommended,314410,28227516,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,xXTaCoCaTXx,This is a great co-op Rogue like beat em up game. Very challenging and addicting gameplay.My face turned into a butt.
76561198198074545,Recommended,314410,26624052,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nuts,Fun game
,Recommended,314410,29017913,Posted: 4 January,all,SmaxTheKnife,A lot of fun. Unforgivingly difficult at times. I wouldn't say it's worth 12 dollars though. It's worth probably 4-5 dollars. Thats really my only complaint.
,Recommended,314410,29296116,Posted: 16 January,all,Voltron,This is one of the more popular games in my collection.  I play it online and with local multiplayer.  Good roguelike.  Much love for this game.  Just wish it could be a 4 player option too.
,Recommended,314410,19050654,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,OmerRDT,So. this game. is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. at the start i didnt like it. but then i understood what this game is. its not just spam buttons. you need to dodge and everything. this game is awesome.
,Recommended,314410,18906898,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,dat sparty dartan,"Amazing game, I bought it for a friend and I so we can play together (I would love a 4 Co-Op mode). But I would like to see more bosses because the 4 main bosses are kinda bad and repetitive. Hope to see what you do with this game, it has alot of potential."
76561198045562950,Recommended,314410,19672762,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Barry Lewis,buen
,Recommended,314410,20054266,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,S|King -iwnl-,"One of the best surprises of 2015 for me, fantastically designed and addicting game."
76561198047685041,Recommended,314410,33069182,Posted: 30 June,all,Boosted,You will not be disappointed by this game. Go play it now!!
,Recommended,314410,32010069,Posted: 27 May,all,Khaos (S'A),Really a blast in co-op. Hard as nails too.
,Recommended,314410,17897086,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Podrock,Game is legit fun son - i got me and a friend that plays. Great 2d coop game
,Recommended,314410,15651201,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hexer,Double Dragon + Randomly Generated Dungeon + permanent death.Cool little game - Easy to see how fun and addictive the final product will be.
,Recommended,314410,15122006,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LukaSuper,"Okay warning there may be some mild spoilers in my review but they wont ruin the game for you at all.TLDR: This game is amazing me and Sander had an awesome time.I bought my and my friend the early access during the 10% sale and had no idea what I was in for I knew that after playing Castle Crashers these types of games can be loads of fun.We started out just figuring out what we could do at this first camp we spawn in and loved the free diversity and practiced a bit of combat on the skeleton to the West of the camp. Then once we finished customizing and deciding on our classes we headed out into the first levels, right away we are having a blast, struggling to master the art of the Rampage Knights combat meanwhile constantly knocking each other down and being more of a problem for each other than actually helping it was hilarious. Then we come upon some strange mushroom in the middle of the level and my buddy Sander runs to it before me and starts whacking away and all of the sudden he starts yelling profusely ""Whaaaats happennninggg tooo mee!!!! Where am I goingggg Im so higghh wtf!! loool and we shortly after both die. So we try again... dead and again make it to level 3 round 1 both of us sub 10 hp and we both die within a minute. We try this again same thing happens. We try again and once again same thing we die. Frustration starting to take hold of me thinking thoughts like this game is too hard what are all these items why do I keep killing myself with potions why is my face an♥♥♥♥♥for god sakes. We decide to buckle down and make it all the way we start again from the beginning and with our expirience we'd acquired from failing time and time again we managed to make it past Level 3 round 1 but unlike the times before we didnt stop there we kept moving forward never once did we run past a single enemy without slaying it first we arrive at the first boss and we are feeling confident with our new much stronger items and its starts off terribly we have no idea what this boss does and we take a major beating I die.. but its not over sander survives long enough for me to collect my 10 souls and i come up and imediately after Sander dies I get focused now knowing what to expect from this beast and fight the best I can Sander comes back after his 10 souls are collected just to imediately die again from the mass of mobs that are upon him instantly I'm low on health at this point and my only goal was the kill enough mobs for sander to come back I kill 9 enemys and Sander needs one more soul and at that moment the Boss sends out one of the first wave attacks that he had used since the beginning of the fight and i wasnt ready for it and at the very last second before I die I jumped up into the air and dodged the attack and killed one last enemy allowing Sander to respawn it was such an awesome moment and goes to show how fun and intensely difficult this genre of game can be we ended up both being alive and defeating the boss and making it all the way through the early access but boy was it hard and fun all the way through.I am ecstatic for the full release of this game and cant wait to see what will come 100% satisfied and glad I could support the devs with my early access purchase.Sorry for the long rant but I wanted to share my story about how awesome this game is."
76561197983786651,Recommended,314410,20051487,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Starbug,"Imagine Rogue Legacy had a b@stard child with Golden Axe.Now imagine that b@stard child had perfect controls, loads of classes, weird loot, insane buffs and debuffs. All in all it's RNG JOY! I just played single player - what with having no friends willing to join me - and it's good enough.I'd think that when playing the higher difficulty levels and increased monster-on-screen count, it might be better to come with a friend. Either way the game is highly recommended.Only negs would be that the soundtrack is bland and the game is probably priced the wrong side of $5.Well worth your time."
76561197978952294,Recommended,314410,20552377,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gibb,Very good game but very randome game!
,Recommended,314410,15128775,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ole Baba,"This isn't your typical beat em up, it's beat em up/rouge-like dungeon crawler influenced by Golden Axe, Castle Crashers & Binding of Isaac. Everytime you pick your controller up and play this game you'll have a different experience. Mmost of the levels change randomly, the items and curses have different effects and there is no guarantee you'll get the same things in different gameplay sittings, then there are potions with different effects, different types of chests, alters, you even get to play a card game with the devil(at your own risk). Every time you play there is a different scenario and you can easily be forced into game changing positions at the blink of an eye. RK is very tough game, you'll die...trust me you'll die and die again....but the addictive nature of this game will make it hard for you to put your controller down, especially once you become better at the game. Once you know the right potions to pick up and the ones to throw away, once you learn how items works the games becomes easier, yet it's still very easy for the player to get his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him, AT ANY MOMENT, because of how random the game is. Even still, when he gets his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him he'll just want to dust himself off and try again."
76561198048240257,Recommended,314410,18621290,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ceiling Fan,"A really fun brawler with responsive controls and interesting upgrades.There's not much replay value, as far as I can tell, but you can play the game through with different characters, and the levels are randomly generated."
76561198086466970,Recommended,314410,26526096,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spicy Grandma,My girlfriend takes all my gold and makes me drink butt potions. 10/10 would get knocked off a cliff again.
76561198242879256,Recommended,314410,18310174,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LEEIM,10/10 would play again
76561198015080087,Recommended,314410,23427017,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Judy,Super Fun!
,Recommended,314410,24613616,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Henk Koffin,Lot of monsters +Lot of items +Random generated levels +Local coop +Funny gameplay mechanics +less than 10 buttons to play (this is the most important) =--------------------------------B L O R T !!!
,Recommended,314410,24836268,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zanpop,GOTY 2016Danny Trejo/10
76561198014524389,Recommended,314410,26317579,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Einirr,"I bought the game yesterday and have been playing all morning today. This game is super fun if you like oldschool beatem-up games and the randomization of roguelike-likes, such as Rogue Legacy and The Binding of Isaac. So if you likes those games and you enjoy a game which promotes skill and good decision making, coupled with meaty combat, BUY THIS NOW."
76561197980177493,Recommended,314410,20017886,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Elder Beak,Love it . Excellent game with tons of replay value. Every match is unique and finding a good player to coop withr randomly is half the fun.
76561198038552111,Recommended,314410,19672027,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Phruler,Good game
76561198079415172,Recommended,314410,17905635,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,THE BOOM,nice game. add me if you want to partner. i don't use voice chat
,Recommended,314410,32874290,Posted: 27 June,all,rAAZ,"Jogo extremamente conceituado , RPGTipo hero siege só que com graficos extremamente conceituados ,Autoridade maxima tem que comprar esse jogo agora ou se nao é perda de conceito"
,Recommended,314410,18266686,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jeff,"RECOMMENDED TO THE MAX, IT HAS HATS!!!"
,Recommended,314410,19711730,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Alliedwar,Incredibly fun side-scroller similar to Castle Crashers!
,Recommended,314410,20361179,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DropKickingBear,"cool game, watch your step."
76561198298541554,Recommended,314410,31210830,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,bEST GAME EVER!!!
76561198031805569,Recommended,314410,25344842,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Katakato (SolAna),"If u like the old school Beat'em Ups like Golden Axe of Final Fight, mix in a roguelike element and u get one hell of a game !It's deffinetly not holding your hand and it's mostly your fault if u die.Playing singleplayer or multyplayer the game just keep on giving and no run wil feel the same.A 10/10 game !"
,Recommended,314410,34866634,Posted: 10 September,all,EnderOfHope,"Fun, fast paced, and difficult. Well worth the buy"
76561198000234801,Recommended,314410,31595554,Posted: 6 May,all,nppyro1390,Wheel of Misfortune anyone?
,Recommended,314410,29017121,Posted: 4 January,all,Niggel,Want a game that you can play over and over? BUY IT. DO IT NOW. YOU WILL LOVE IT.
76561197963271182,Recommended,314410,28474717,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JaZ_,Lots of fun :)
,Recommended,314410,28094376,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SMITE,"Randomness, Nuff Said..... 10/10 Best Title ive bought in a long damn time!"
76561198094665607,Recommended,314410,18027760,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mr. Clean,good
,Recommended,314410,15327670,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,sumdumgoy,"Good so far , Hard but fun both solo and co-op. Will update after more updates are out ( or the game is fully out )"
76561198071421958,Recommended,314410,19279735,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,eternal jape,"It's if final fight, streets of rage, and golden axe had a baby (threesome pregnation idk), and adopted a roguelike and taught the roguelike how to be a beat em up!10/10Me and My Friends call the game ""Ghetto Beatdown""you should too"
,Recommended,314410,19765884,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Martylang,This game is so good just buy it.        I am not a big fan of this type of game but I LOVE this one.
,Recommended,314410,17919267,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Custom Phase,"-Is it a good game?-Yes, it is.-Is it a great game?-Not even close.Still recomend it though, if you dont affraid of being frustrated by losing a run, because of the impossible to make jump."
,Recommended,314410,29153301,Posted: 9 January,all,ksj,Need more update
,Recommended,314410,17937774,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,WumboCumbo,"Great game, reminds me of castle crashers but surprisingly difficult on any mode if you are interested in buying this game I reccomend it but be sure to play with a friend it is much more fun that way."
76561198124275225,Not Recommended,314410,28648471,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Demonik,The game if fun and they did a good job with the game play but the music wrecks the game. I can not get past the worst sounds over and over until you can't stand it and I tried turning off the music and it works until you make it to the next event and that over rides  the music off settings. It is a soild game but I can't stand the sounds that they call music and it can't be disabled unless you turn the sound effects off what I never do in games. I am going to get a refund because the music turned the game from a 7/10 to a 2/10
76561198087867348,Recommended,314410,17956676,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DannyDaDawg,There's a potion that turns your face into an♥♥♥♥♥ literally and metaphoricallyNuff said
76561198197371190,Recommended,314410,22886837,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Artem,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,314410,18059465,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Kablamo,:DDDDDDDD
,Recommended,314410,21673570,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,X-Wing@Aliciousness,One of the most fun games with a friend. 10/10
,Recommended,314410,22358316,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Roee,it's a game
76561198072236120,Recommended,314410,21814728,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Strangeful,We just bought the game with a friend to spend some fun time for weekend. And this game was the thing we were looking for. Highly recommended if youre going to play co-op with a friend of yours.
,Recommended,314410,17916291,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,IcWhy,"Very good game,a little short and it still missing matchmacking however the replayability is huge this game is fun"
76561198080740640,Recommended,314410,18358069,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,"Ethan, sit down.","this game was well worth my 11,99e. Thank you devs :) WARLOCK POWA"
,Recommended,314410,18782323,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LIME,"Really Gud GamePro's :- best game 2k15 ( Addictive !!!!!!!!!!!)- cool  (cool)- lots of achievements to get (80)- Fair amount of classes (6)- so much fun ( even more fun with a co-op partner, defo suggest that)- randomized ( every room you go its different with varietys of monsters/creatures to kill)- miniganmes? (sometimes theres things where you can spin a wheel or play cards with a devil)- Challengeing ( mostly insane and shadow world difficulty may take a while to get)-Funny ( you will see when you play it )Cons/Improvements to make:Partner/Friend ( I personally think it makes the game so much easier and should adjust so it makes it more harder when theres another person)-Curses,( i think some curses could be added, The Curse Crank is abit too op and should be nerfed, Mighty foot should be more threatening. explosive barrels is a massive advantage if you are immune to explosions but i understand if thats intended.- Items ( needs more items, even though it takes a while to find all items there needs to be more as you finally get to a point where its the same stuff every run) * i have tons of ideas and would love if the deveoplers could message me about it ;) *-Difficultys ( even though insane and the shadow world are really challengeing, i think there should be some more fun modes or more challengeing difficultys, maybe a difficulty where you have 1 health) For the people who are really good mainly.-Rooms (even though the rooms are randomized with different mobs, i just think there needs to be something else, maybe theres a hole in the wall and fire spits out or a giant platform comes out and smashes on the other side of the wall-classes (maybe one or two more classes <3?)-Bosses ( The last boss is quite boring after you beat it for a while, maybe did what you did previous after the tomb and add some different bosses or make it harder, the last boss is easier then the previous ones in my opinion, more bosses ! Also add another Boss stage as going through the rooms is sort of boring-Combat ( Some creatures just randomly attack when they are not even near you and you could just run into that. Really sucks when you're mid air and the creature hits you... For people who are generally not good at this type of game will probably struggle loads and die in the first rooms and not enjoy itConclusion<><Even though there may be lots of cons/improvments this game really is so good and addictive, i have played this all the time and have become a master at it and have completed the insane difficulty + shadow world ! :D, you should defo try this game out espcially with a friend as it is so much fun, Its also really cheap. You could spend 30 hours minimum on this great game! 9/10"
,Recommended,314410,28921423,Posted: 1 January,all,PVT Pieseu,Best Roguelike game I've ever played
,Recommended,314410,27879011,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Benjamin,Ultra fun couch co op
76561197980257384,Recommended,314410,28330402,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,The Ever Present Cockroach,This game is a super hard amazing well-done rogue-like that has great humor and surprises. I want more... PLEASE MAKE MORE OF THIS!!
,Recommended,314410,27880785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jesekki,awesome.
,Recommended,314410,22956988,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dr.Ded,Best brawler I've ever played. Seriously fun with a friend but still enjoyable if you go solo.
76561198101047830,Recommended,314410,17933326,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hbphil02,this game is very fun to play alone and also super fun to play with friends.i hope the devs add some new dlc content or just regular content because i just want morebuy this game you wont regret it
76561197975713835,Recommended,314410,17940755,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,chaosgk,Very cute and nice game!
76561198096085790,Recommended,314410,17934438,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,kfalkens,"If you liked Castle Crashers and/or Rogue Legacy then I would highly recommend this game. It has tons of unique power-ups and weapons, making every run feel fresh and fun.I played solo and it was great, I'm sure co-op would be fantastic as well. The controller support is perfect. Played it with my XB1 controller and forgot it was even on my PC.Great game, great value. Would buy it at $20."
,Recommended,314410,17938826,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Brodiem,"For a new dad, its hard to find time to play games anymore. When in fact I do, my time is usually limited. This game is great  for the casual gamer that wants the biggest bang in the shortest amount of time possible. If you loved Binding of Isaac, quit wasting time and buy this game."
,Recommended,314410,17898225,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,エミル ™,"I got a freaking a s s dissease, & now my head is an actual a s s. 10/10-Would replace head with hairy butt again"
,Recommended,314410,20048019,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,UserProfile™,"I physically cannot recommend this game in words.Dear god it is fantastic, if you're a fan of dungeon crawlers, specifically skill based ones with little bit of luck involved for loot, I can't suggest it enough.Like the other reviews have said, every single time you take damage, it's completely your fault. It all comes down to your awareness and ability to crowd control.Game also includes incentives to keep playing via the form of making the game easier with powerups, passively unlocked by achievements. With a list of six current classes and five of them to be unlocked, the game is amazing.(Oh, and there's an amazing customization scene of hats and characters.)"
76561198100321623,Recommended,314410,20072296,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Albino Jew,Really Fun Game!
76561197988570334,Recommended,314410,15401748,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Horstinator,"I have played this game for 25 hours already.... I was a  big fan of arcade Golden  Axe and  Final Fight, and the  most important thing for  me is how the controls feel, if i have good control over the hero  so that any damage i take is my mistake. Rampage Knights is alrready very  mature in that regard. The game  is not that long, i dont  think i am bad at  this game and my completion  ratio  is about 15% maybe,  most of the variance comes from all  the awesome items which really change  up the gameplay. Contentwise the game feels still  light, on the earlier side of early access, but i  cannot recommend it enough if you are into brawling"
76561198119334474,Recommended,314410,15511174,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Vausver,"Excellent game!  Early Access at the moment so yes it is unfinished, but it is very enjoyable in the current state and the developers are addressing bugs and working on more content.  Combat is primarily with one button and different attacks are executed with the direction you hold.  Simple, but if you do not time dodges and attacks well it is punishing.  Passive diseases keep combat from going stale as well as stacking bonuses.  $10 is well worth it."
76561198017912895,Recommended,314410,15642976,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Smuckas,"A solid early access game that is well worth the purchace and deserves quite a bit more attention!(this game is much better on controller)Some awesome things:-4 playable classes- every play through is randomly generated-tons of hilarious loot (the humor in this game is amazing)-a WONDERFUL interface/menu-- easy on the eyes and gets you familiar with the controls fast-challenging enemies/bosses-points of interest that test your luck-fun customizationHoping to see:-3 more classes (possibly a mage-type/archer/AoE class)-the challenges unlocked-even more loot-some new attack combos-possibly the choice to choose another path-1 or 2 more random people you could run into at the taverns (bard- play music with him/her,match notes) (merc-follower for $?)-moving while you drink HP potions-local couch co-op (split screen)-reducing the AoE of the ice lichEither way, this game is a blast and is heading in all the right directions, cant wait to see all the future updates!"
,Recommended,314410,15789613,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,darighteous1,I drank a potion and my head turned into an♥♥♥♥♥ I was kicking butt left and right... but then I got drunk and fell off a cliff.
,Recommended,314410,15205642,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,GamerXP,Incredible roguelike game! 5/5!
76561198097640719,Recommended,314410,15234451,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Knochenjockel,"Nice little dungeon-crawler. Single-Player is fun, coop even more (of course), controls are easy to get along with, combined with fair fighting mechanics. No issues whatsoever, exactly what I expected the game to be. Pick it up, support the devs!"
76561198037080732,Recommended,314410,17810208,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Really fun rogue-like game. Give it a try, still in early access (they are going to release it full soon tho), but is totally worth the money."
,Recommended,314410,21983170,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,CLEGANEBOWL F*CKING CONFIRMED!GET HYPE 2016! *AIRHORNS*Also good game. I rate it Hound/Mountain
,Recommended,314410,22911778,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[HK]Jack,"8/10Pros1. Unique graphic , smooth animations2. Random Generated Levels, Surprise and replayability3. Very challenging , Skill required .I find it quite hard even for the first level .4. Online Multiplayer"
,Recommended,314410,31441530,Posted: 29 April,all,AshenOne,很暴力同时又很欢乐的游戏
,Recommended,314410,23011343,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Janky_Assassin,8/8 Had fun and laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off!Rabbit curse +♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥curse = Jackass Donkey outfit and soundsNuff said.
,Recommended,314410,18208178,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,The Calcium Kid,"It's really fun, you can punch skeletonsWhich pretty much ticks all the boxes for me"
76561198123139440,Recommended,314410,21387884,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bullet Spamming Patriot,"this game is fun to run through alone, but it's way more fun with friends. the problem with co-op is that you and your friends can knock eachother off cliffs, which is a pain. still fun though. 7/10"
,Recommended,314410,18412534,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,HOW TO BE AWESOME AT Rampage KnightsFOLLOW THESE STEPS EXACTLY1. beat the game2. beat the game on everything3. get bored4. look up cheats5. play castle crashers6. die on last level7. Rage Quit8. cry in the shower while eating strawberry ice cream9. reset Rampage Knights and keep beating the game10. REPEAT
,Recommended,314410,29411650,Posted: 21 January,all,Fnatic.d3a7h,One of most funniest games ever <3 i love it
76561198025982038,Recommended,314410,24785287,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Halo,very fun
76561198123381054,Recommended,314410,24721678,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,samson is a dick,i love u developer >3
,Recommended,314410,17991954,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,brushedoctopus,good
,Recommended,314410,32850043,Posted: 27 June,all,Lui Bee,"If you like the graphic and a friend to play with, just buy it.I wish there were more content though."
76561198199790850,Recommended,314410,32817016,Posted: 26 June,all,Kripple,Hurry up Roos
76561198044079084,Recommended,314410,22445415,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,dubspol,9/10 it was ok at first then i got dank memes rolled over me like a steam engine
76561198099132869,Recommended,314410,33892407,Posted: 29 July,all,WOAHShutItDown,"yeah yeah yeah, yeahyeahyeah, yeah yeah yeah."
76561198096237397,Recommended,314410,20276860,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TiMe,"Please add 4 player co-op. If I could help you impliment it, tell me what to do."
,Recommended,314410,17952741,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,poisonsoup,this game just very good in casual modestory is short but its good to replay with other class
,Recommended,314410,20036063,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jesus,It's as if the Binding of Isaac and Castle Crashers had a beautiful little baby.
76561197961467427,Recommended,314410,18079185,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,kpdkenny1,the game feels like castle crashers and that is not a bad thing at all. its fun to play and it has dirty humor like a disease that gives you a♥♥♥♥♥face. in case steam censors a butt face.fun little beat em up game its challenging lets you pick from diffrent level difficultys and they get much harder.few videos to show you what its about.https://youtu.be/6vRPlbB-tdwhttps://youtu.be/Djq1U_azuHMhttps://youtu.be/hYxScTznfioif you like  castle crashers or just beat em up games give this one a try
,Recommended,314410,18253675,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cornelius!!!!!,"A fun beat 'em up roguelike, as if Castle Crashers and Binding of Isaac were mixed.Has some good mechanics that create interesting risk/reward mechanics (""do I drink the potion that heals me but makes me useless for the next 4 rooms?"" or ""do I take the weapon that ups crit chance and has super damage but only deals damage on crit?"") as well as some epic item synergies."
,Recommended,314410,15078583,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,store fede,Game is really funny!Playing it with a friend is making the game alot more fun! :D
76561198041744352,Recommended,314410,15087080,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,oBLo,good game  !!!  cant wait when  next update  lol
,Recommended,314410,18010923,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TSM Bob Is Credit to Team,i took my noodle and soaked it in cabage
76561198061842186,Recommended,314410,18023597,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,EbolaKush,2pro4me10/10
,Recommended,314410,26085239,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Muppet King,"I thoroughly enjoyed Rampage Knights addictive game play that was surprisingly deep.  Countless time I failed, but couldn't help but try again to see what power-ups and equipment I'd get this time.  It's a fun game in Co-op, though friendly fire can be annoying at time, it's easy to get used to.   I'd very much recommend this game to anyone who likes beat'em up games combined with the addictive game play of a rogue like."
,Recommended,314410,17945381,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Same Old Love.,If you like this kind of games you should really try it :) !
,Recommended,314410,17907425,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tundra,First room I...*bet up a mushroom with a face and got stoned*The mushroom drop a potion*Drunk potion and my face turned into an♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198073406815,Recommended,314410,19834848,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"A great Local 2 player Co-Op game.A bit too silly at times, but still gold.8/10-2 for not four player"
,Recommended,314410,24014176,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[MD] Milky,YES.
76561198160344335,Recommended,314410,25204969,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hmlb,I LOVE THIS GAME! IT'S SUPER ADICTING!
76561198126562210,Recommended,314410,18118310,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,bluetip38,"The game is great but one flaw and a bad one is you lose all the saved position very easily and start back at beginning...Even if you have a 2 player game far and you saved it.....an you go back to play a 1 player new game it erases all you gains, its very frustrating.. the game is hard as it is and doing this makes it harder..."
76561197997017118,Recommended,314410,28411699,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SexyBoy,Awsome  6/6 !!! Play with friend!
76561198095121458,Recommended,314410,17850751,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,PEACE OF COMMUNISM,What the positive level is over 99%!My scouter must be broken.
76561197971877162,Recommended,314410,17480018,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Think The Binding of Isaac and Streets of Rage.  Rampage Knights is a very fun Rogue-lite beat 'em up with procedural generation.  If you enjoyed games like Rogue Legacy because it hearkened back to your childhood of 8-bit classics, this one will surely pull at those same strings.  The graphics aren't 8 bit, more like flash game quality, but that really shouldn't bother you.The gameplay is fun.  You accrue upgrades while playing very similarly to Binding of Isaac.  When you die, you can play another class that you have unlocked back at the camp.  I'm not sure if the dev is going to decide to include meta game upgrading back in the camp, but it would surely add to the games longevity.Highly reccomend this."
,Recommended,314410,18036205,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ranko Kanzaki,"Once again, the guys at Rake in Grass do not disappoint. This beat 'em up hides a lot of awesomeness behind its deceptively simple combat mechanics. Like in every good beat 'em up, you simply go from one stage to another, beating baddies until they die, but there's a lot more to that. As you progress, you can upgrade your character with items that alter his/her appearance, just like items in Binding of Isaac do. There are tons of unlockables to obtain, from classes to cosmetic options to new game modes, and the random generation only adds to the hecticness. It's specially fun in multiplayer.If you are thirsting for a new beat 'em up, give this one a try."
76561198024301834,Recommended,314410,17930779,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheronGodspeed,"Fun, Rogue-like, beat 'em-up. I'm having a great time with this little gem. Controls are great, enemies are engaging and varied. What's not to like? Well, actually, I wish there was a reliable way to find ceratin things, at least health regeneration, but (I know, I know) it's a rogue-like :)"
76561198215208041,Recommended,314410,29438102,Posted: 22 January,all,AWP | 巨龙传说 (崭新出厂),"Need simplified Chinese, need simplified Chinese, need simplified Chinese. The important thing to say three times."
76561198189458127,Recommended,314410,23256843,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,GrandMaster Vagina,bunch a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ... crack is way better then this game .... its like if dark souls and a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥... god i miss crack ...this game is unplayable while on crack this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i swear....
,Recommended,314410,22034143,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cheerilee,"if ur friend a♥♥♥♥♥give them a potionenemies keep throwing stuff at u throw there friends backdon't want them to have babys stomp on there ballsfeeling like Sparta kick that ♥♥♥♥♥ in the pitthrow candle holders ,posion explosice & ice barrels for the sweet sould of there bloody screams =)"
,Recommended,314410,17906269,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,"Solo, the game is fairly fun. You can unlock new classes and the starting areas are random enough to keep your entertained.Multi-player, you'll be inadvertantly knocking your friends into pits, throwing enemies at them, and generally screwing around until you finally decide to work together and push forward.Fun game. Kind of like a mix of golden axe, Binding of Isaac and legend of zelda 4 swords. (Only the murdering your friends part from it though.)"
76561197998710555,Recommended,314410,21601944,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Skyleaf,Fun game especiall in two player coop! Really well executed and if you even moderatly like brawlers you will have a good time! One playthrough is about as long as a binding of isaac run so it's easy to pick up and play a bit from time to time :)
,Recommended,314410,22770731,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,HeemashSandcram,I bought this game thinking it was good.It was good.
76561198054737712,Recommended,314410,17902104,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,☹ VHSquid,RAAAAAAMMMMPPPAAAAGGGGEEEE!!!10/10
,Recommended,314410,19947863,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,PhantomSoldier,"Amazing game!!! especially for 5 dollars, just buy it you wont regret it."
76561197971102829,Recommended,314410,18312966,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Disembowell,"The lovechild of a secret tryst between Binding of Isaac and Rogue Legacy, lovingly raised by Streets of Rage through adolescence.A skill-based combat system (expect lots of dodge rolls) laden with rogue-like loot; everything from overpowered trinkets, bizarre yet surprisingly effective combinations to downright hideous curses that can turn a character from a powerhouse into a frantic survivalist.I can highly recommend if you like any of the aforementioned games; the Flash-looking graphics put me off at first but they work well."
,Recommended,314410,17912606,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,monk king,me like good fun very good gam
,Not Recommended,314410,35275255,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,the game is not challengin. It's near impossible to get through some parts alone. Doesn't feel satisfying.
,Not Recommended,314410,29813734,Posted: 9 February,all,Mitch,"I thought this game was early access when it was gifted to me by a friend, I didn't realise it was a full release. I'd say in this state it's not a worthwhile purchase, it's essentially a less polished version of 'Lost Castle'. The combat is janky, the controls can be unpredictable and the game itself is buggy and appears to be prone to disconnecting frequently in co-op.My biggest complaint is that we bought this for the co-op, but frankly it's not enjoyable with the friendly-fire the way it is currently. The game is a hack and slash, so the screen can sometimes become a bit of a cluster-♥♥♥♥ sometimes, which 90% of the time lead to either my friend or me being bashed into the air over and over which then gets us both killed. Seriously, the friendly-fire-but-not-quite (you can hit each other with literally anything you do, spells, scrolls, attacks, but none of it does any damage, just knocks the other player around) is incredibly frustrating, and is the reason we stopped playing this game. I'm going to be trying to get a steam gift refund for my friend who gifted it to me. I might check on this game again in 6 months, but if you're considering getting it I'd advise getting Lost Castle instead, it's the exact same game but with a much better design.Don't get me wrong, I don't mind frustrating games. I loved the Dark Souls series, and I don't mind difficult and grindy rogue-likes. This game isn't frustrating because it's challenging, or because the enemies are too hard, or anything like that. It's frustrating as a result of broken mechanics and poor design choices.Final thoughts;I cannot recommend this game. It feels like a sloppy rip-off of Lost Castle, and is extremely frustrating (but not in the good way)."
76561197970384883,Recommended,314410,26170228,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,64%
,Not Recommended,314410,33149946,Posted: 2 July,all,hecate,"The control are so bad in multiplayer (player can hit other player with no damage but will caused them unable to move). While the level are so hard, each death will restart the level again and again with all the loot and coin gone. It's impossible for player to upgrading themself if they keep fail the level. Bad idea."
,Recommended,314410,30135792,Posted: 23 February,all,Miko,;)
,Not Recommended,314410,33291281,Posted: 5 July,all,fs,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ friend ruined game.
,Not Recommended,314410,28702218,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ForceMagic,"End up asking for a refund, I planned to play with my little cousin and my gf, but the Co-op mode is horrinle, we kept hitting each other, so there is no friendly fire but we can still prevent our ally to move if we hit them. Plus, we found the combat mecanic klunky. Sorry was not fun."
76561198054437677,Not Recommended,314410,29799199,Posted: 9 February,all,DemoniusX,"I got this for christmas from a friend who I was highly appreciative (I finally had time to install and play this) of because upon seeing this game I was thinking a beat 'em up with RPG elements that are similar to ""Dungeon Fighter ONLINE"" or it's own beast. Oh boy was I wrong. Rampage Knights is a Rouge-like hack 'n' slash beat 'em up.  I am not a fan of rouge-likes I find them tedious and pointless as most of them is just ""Get as far as you can and no ending for you"" this isn't the days of atari and an ending is something I want in a game to prove my skills were enough to complete said game.I like the graphic style. Very cartoony,bright colors and smooth animation. The music isn't bad I liked the forest level tune the best out of the little I played of this game. The controls are a bit clunky however and the gameplay itself feels unpolished. I am guessing that the point of the game is to learn the enemy patterns while dodging and attack when it's ""time"" This wouldn't be bad but I found myself getting frustated by swinging at the enemy and no contact is made (I.E. Bad collision).  The casual mode helps but if you could unlock and buy equipment in the game to help out instead of being given some crap random weapon would have been nice.My main complaint is the difficulty. It ruins the game. I understand there is a ""Hardcore"" fanbase for games like these but I like to play games to have fun and have a bit of a challenge to see it through but when you don't have a way to go into battle prepared it tends to take away the enjoyment factor if it had a shop in town to upgrade gear I would have liked it more. but again this is a rouge-like and the beat 'em up genre is a favorite of mine which suckered me into wanting this. I suppose it's time to uninstall and find something else to play that I haven't gotten around to installing. I couldn't like this and don't recommend UNLESS YOU LIKE ROUGE LIKES."
,Recommended,314410,19975723,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Not A Weeb,Simple and easy to get into but has quite a bit of depth. Fun overall.
,Recommended,314410,22874003,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,floofles,the barbarian has got some nice pecs10/flex it
76561198033155089,Not Recommended,314410,23532470,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mordeath,This game gets very boring very fast
76561197977454035,Not Recommended,314410,25912904,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,silent.static,"Not worth the price - combat's very shallow and the ""end boss"" is  a side scroller shooting mission which was really not well received. You spend the whole game (30 minutes - not kididng) collecting powerful items to defeat foes - only to end up not being able to use any of them on the end boss. In fact, the game takes all of the items away and throws non-stop healing potions at you while you play the side scroller.  Really, really poor design.Quick summary:- Short (once you spend about an hour getting the hang of the game - a successful run will take you under 30 minutes).- Repetitive (the other classes aren't varied enough - so what if one can double jump? There's no platforming in the game...)- Items are varied but get overshadowed by the primary weapon of just hitting X to attack.- Rooms are sometimes completely empty and devoid of anything to do in them.Not sure where all the hype came from for this game.Better Rouge-likes to buy( All of which are at this same price range and are far superior.)-Enter the Gungeon-Nuclear Throne-Rogue Legacy-Binding of IsaacDo not recommend this game at all."
,Not Recommended,314410,19758686,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Konkey Dong,Honestly this game is really hard. It has a nice layout and a fun aspect with lovable items but it is extremly difficult. I am playing at the lowest difficulty there is and i can still barely pass the first boss fight. but if you are really good at dealing lots of damage and taking barely any damage then this is the game for you. but if you are not that person then i would skip this game.
76561198089672155,Not Recommended,314410,18068516,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,lyMnD,nice game but too shortrepetitive (you can adjust the difficult but the game still same)combat very good and bloodyafter i play several times i'm realize this game only have 3+1(last boss) bosses3 head red dragonlegionslime headwarlock(last boss)from version 0.24 to final version 1.0 so fast???give you fun for 4 hour after you realize this game lack of content
76561198062324285,Not Recommended,314410,20043209,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Freemanus,"Its a beat 'em up in the playstyle of Castle Crashers, however unlike CC it is procedurally generated, meanin greplayability abound. Rather it would if the gameplay was fun. A one button fighting combo means that for most all enemies its go in, hit them, do an uppercut get off damage and then back away and repeat. Most of the ""Boss"" stylee enemies only have 1 attack ""Swing weapon"". There really isnt much value in the coop either, for some reason its limited to 2 people, when it could clearly handle 4. I was hoping the class system, (That you have to unlock), would save the boring cobat, melee style classes would have a combo, and mages would have innate spells, I dd not get far enough to see meages, but barbarians and the like just have different stats, which means I can hit X better now. But still only hit X.The loot generation is interesting, some neat buffs lie around and last for a number of rooms, (I think thats the best way they could be done), But the problem herein lies with money; I didn't find a use for money. The only one i found was a game of chance with a guy who looked like satan, but thats about it. Overall I think the game has some good ideas, a pocedurally generated indie beat 'em up has a place on the steam store, but it needs to fix its combat, loot generation and co-op first before I dip my toe back into Rampage Knights. In its current state 4/10"
76561198038616833,Not Recommended,314410,30980123,Posted: 6 April,all,lame AKA $1.75,Not a skill game.
76561198255466846,Not Recommended,314410,23114891,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Snowball,"Very hard game and you need to no what everything does or you are going to die. should only play with friends, hard in single player"
,Not Recommended,314410,18794685,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ronald is Babe,"I played it for less than 2 hrs and requested a refund.The battle system is kinda boring.  And the control is kinda poor , like the power attack is hard to apply in real fight.There is nothing especially bad in this game, but it is just boring.The monsters and levels are repetitive and no surprise at all.I have played much better games with this price. It doesn't worth it to me"
,Not Recommended,314410,21042863,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gay Fer Da Empra,"There is a lot to like this game, the gameplay is fast and fun, However i would not recomend this for one big reason, the controls. i cant tell you how many times you dodge into something or walk off of a cliff."
,Not Recommended,314410,22098188,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mikaroni,"This game has no real progression other than unlocking achievements, as you lose everything when you die. I don't like this game, and gave it a fair try with my brother. He felt the same way. This game sucks."
,Not Recommended,314410,20215009,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Axiom,"I completed this game in 30 minutes alone, it was a bit difficult at first but after I got used to the controls and stacked up on a bunch of good items and familiars, the game became a breeze.All the diseases I.. 'Contracted', were the exact same ♥♥♥♥♥disease' but sometimes they have a different effect, I often got myself killed on purpose just to get rid of the ugly effect it has on your character's appearance. Although I do admit this feature kept me amused for a good 5 minutes.The game has a good amount of customization options, it lets you choose from 14 automatically unlocked male characters and 4 unlockable male characters, 9 female automatically unlocked characters and 3 unlockable female characters, and it also lets you choose from 19 automatically unlocked hats and 11 hats that are unlockable through these sort of.. Challenges. It's a shame there's no actual character customization though..Classes work the same way as the customization options do, you unlock them through challenges/achievements. There's about 6 classes in the game, they don't have any major changes from one to another apart from perhaps a special ability or the ability to use magic. The combos stay the same, and you start with different items. But your controls sort of change.. For example, the pirate can't dash, instead he fires a cannon. Another example for the ninja, instead of evading normally, he will use a smokescreen. And the most unique one, which is the Battlemage, he can use four spells with four key combinations, for example using the evade + use buttons will conjure a magic barrier around your character. Quite a neat feature, but it's not really enough to keep me interested in this game.Ah, forgot to mention something important. The multiplayer is practically dead, so if you don't have a friend who also owns the game and is willing to play it with you, the multiplayer is NON-EXISTENT.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~All in all, the game is good fun, but it's just way too short and doesn't do much to keep you interested in it."
76561198141418778,Recommended,314410,30261581,Posted: 1 March,all,nimthosg,-
76561198262551030,Not Recommended,314410,24280157,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sebas Fish,thissuks
,Not Recommended,314410,20781337,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,NeoRizer,"Refunded it after an hour or so of game play... hated it.It's a beat 'em up with really bad mechanics, poor controls and hit detection, difficulty is really unforgiving, even on normal mode. You have to die 4 times in order to unlock casual mode, which just makes you feel even worse about the fact that you can't even beat the game as the developers intended... but it's just terrible all around for look and design.It's not your conventional Beat 'Em Up / RPG hybrid... The tags for this game are incredibly deceiving. You have two lives, if you lose them, you start over from scratch again... meaning, no conintues, your progress doesn't save either... You could find a new weapon, some trinkets, gold, etc... it all gets reset... it's completely ridiculous and stupid.The Beat 'Em Up genre usually gave a character a way to continue from where they left off in limited quantities... So like 5 credits or whatever, and you re-start from the stage you lost all your lives on, which is fair because the game play was balanced. In this game the balance is tipped against you right from the beginning. The tutorial area of the game alone felt like it was somewhere near the middle of the game and that I should be using advanced techniques... they don't ease you in to the battle mechanics at all.Beat 'em up's with RPG elements such as River City Ransom would allow you to keep your character progression even if you died 100 times. You would be penalized 50% of your holding cash if you died, which is a fair trade off considering you needed cash to upgrade your character and progress... so it forced you to grind to get stronger so you could progress if you lacked the skill.In this game you lose EVERYTHING when you die... TWO  lives to beat the entire game, if you lose both lives, all holding cash is gone, all character equips are gone... completely insane, sorry I have a life and don't have aspergers syndrome, I don't have time for this garbage.After this happened to me three times in a row after beating the opening tutorial area, I got fed up and got a refund... It's a stupid game with unfair mechanics, it looks like crap and plays like crap as well...The only appeal it had to me was the Beat 'Em Up and RPG tags, which is a complete bold faced lie because it only has SOME elements resembling that hybrid genre. It's not a conventional RPG / Beat 'Em Up game at all, it breaks all the rules in order to decieve the buyer, if this was the original developers intention for the game, news flash, you're doing it wrong...If you expect this game to be a conventional RPG / Beat 'Em Up game, then stay away as you will be highly disappointed... it's worth about 3 dollars at best and would be good as a novelty game if you got insanely bored and ran out of ideas to keep yourself busy... not worth the time."
76561197970281251,Not Recommended,314410,19139682,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,Kind of messy gameplay that doesn't build upon itself in a way that makes in pleasant to play.
,Not Recommended,314410,18095675,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kyte,"Eh... very Short game with very low amount of Content. Also the Final Bossbattle is not finished yet.The monsters quickly become uncreative, the game cannot decide if it want to be creepy or funny.This should not have leaved early access and its mot definitvely not worth the 17 bucks i spend :<"
76561197983469535,Not Recommended,314410,21598206,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,The Scro,Buy only if you want 10-20 hours of play maximum.
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,314410,34909634,Posted: 12 September,all,BM10X,"Sucks...period.Hello, Blades of Vengeance, can you teach me how to be better?"
76561198053132352,Not Recommended,314410,19357245,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,shuaima2011,"The money has no use, and you will get easily killed for nothing. Little grow and motivation to play more after a few death, and the artwork in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,314410,17968894,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Deusexit,"What you should expect:- Decent brawler with very limited fighting mechanics. Mash one button, roll, mash one button, roll. Even a child can master this game. Extremely easy.- Fine for non-experienced in brawling.- You will die. Mostly falling off the cliff. Is it fair? It's up to you to decide.- No lore or story of any kind. Just mindless time-waster.- No crazy item synergies. Very limited item pool in general.- Boring bosses. Some of them crazy unfair and hard to kill, and some of them the exact opposite. Why? Because spending 25 min to meet slime king and die 3 times with a perfect build is part of the fun... probably?- WTF with the final boss battle? Just.. why??- Grinding for unlocks. Cheap tactics to increase total playtime.- Costumes and hats, because it's better than actually meaningful items.- Decent co-op.But you can try this game anyway. It's fun and not that expensive. Worth trying."
,Not Recommended,314410,27901160,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cerenzio,"Hoped for Castle-Crashers-ish Co-oP fun, then, was asked to ""Pick the Lock"" on a Chest....Lock Picking is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and when you fail, you take damage....PERMADEATH ruins the fun of this kinda gameOne attack to start. Never found another.Ranom levels?GAME OVER. Lose all your stuff, and start over at the beginning.... yikes...Had 0 fun with this. Sadly...."
,Not Recommended,314410,18038907,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Slave,"I tried to like this game, I really did.  But by the time I realized it wasn't quite as deep and Rogue-like as everything conspired to make it sound, I was already 4 hours in and Steam wouldn't refund me the money.Taste my revenge."
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,314410,18092878,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,AcidMonkey,"Repetative, little depth."
,Not Recommended,314410,33488100,Posted: 12 July,all,Curtis1234,"Everytime I get the drunk debuff, I chug a bottle of Jack Daniels so im one step closer to alcohol poisoning."
76561198009814523,Not Recommended,314410,17935789,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ultima,Fun but extremely repetative if you can't get past a certain level. You are pretty much stuck at that one level until you get better at the game. Also I thought the online co-op would be with anyone in steam but it's invite only.
,Not Recommended,314410,17951599,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,It controls poorly. Maybe patches will fix it but I'm not waiting to find out. I'll be buying Guild of Dungeoneering instead.Sorry devs.
76561198109319792,Not Recommended,314410,17977841,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,AgyrtElden,unfortunately this game isnt quite what i felt it to be i would like to get a refund or somethine for it...
,Not Recommended,314410,17947645,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,wakinafuf,MURKY CONTROLS !!!!!!!!!!!YOU STILL HAVE WORK TO DO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,314410,17956553,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,pickle rick fan page,♥♥♥♥♥game 3.69/10
,Recommended,314410,18387986,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RedMageKnight,"Rampage Knights was one of those games on a whim that a friend and I decided to chalk up to chance and give it a shot. I'd been hankering for a game that reminded me of the action-packed, responsive, game-play mechanics that were offered by games like Castle Crashers (as many people have already mentioned) and, while dated, extremely satisfying in this respect, Streets of Rage. I have to say, I'm very satisfied with the purchase! It satisfies that hunger for quick (or not so quick depending on your intentions for progression), gratification that comes with simple objectives yet satisfying the desire for the complexity that comes with character customization (both cosmetic and functional), character diversity (in class choice availability), and advancement (that comes with the numerous available power-ups, weapons, armor, and accessory choices). In many, many ways it exceeds all of the expectations that came from its predecessors.The difficulty scales appropriately based on how far you've gotten in a single session, is adjustable based on your masochism (I kid slightly, but make no mistake, harder difficulties prove to be VERY challenging especially when playing cooperatively), and rewards you for your diligence and skill. You can very quickly find your patience dwindling faster when playing cooperatively as it can be very easy to set your friend off track with an accidental strike placed in their direction, or an unfortunate curse that involves a giant foot crashing down on your unsuspecting companion.Dungeons seem randomized in a way that makes every experience fresh while still providing you familiarity in the general progression with each 'level' being the same theme as you continue your adventure, but the rooms you encounter can change drastically with whatever monster, items, or mini-boss/game events you encounter. I always find myself pleasantly surprised (or feeling dismal surprise) with new blessings or curses encountered in each playthrough. It's roguelike in almost every sense of the word - offering permadeath, procedural generation, and the plethora of available magical items that alter your character for good or bad. Not a true rougelike with turn-based business and emphasis on multi-session labyrinths, but close enough to scratch that itch if it's what you're hankering.In all:+ Procedurally generated areas that offer fresh diversity with every playthrough+ Tons of items and artifacts to collect to enhance or hinder your character during your session+ Fair difficulty scale that rewards skill over button bashing and sheer persistence+ A number of character customizations that come from the start and from earning them along the way+ Easy to pick up and put down with diverse schedules+ Simple plot that gets right to the point and focuses on the journey itself and the mechanics that make it so enjoyable+ Very responsive, action-oriented gameplay that make you feel in total control of victory or defeat- Cooperative gameplay can be frustrating with included mechanics to not specifically damage your ally, but totally disrupt their movements and cause lethal consequences that are 'usually' completely accidental- Up-combo-strikes seem to always result in painful enemy openings unless it's one-on-oneThe negatives are a stretch too as they add a very tactful variation to the way this game can be played, so I likely wouldn't replace them. I've experienced 0 connectivity issues either (which is a relief), especially since I play with someone who currently lives on the other side of the world (literally).Definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,314410,17016055,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Aseria,"This is a fun and addicting Beat 'em Up that manages to keep your attention span. My only issue is there is a game-breaking glitch at the end of the game that prevents you from finishing off the final boss. Other than this, it's great for an early access game."
,Recommended,314410,17213072,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Haydo,"Turned into a Crab Person, could'nt walk backwards anymore10/10"
76561198049461318,Recommended,314410,16988099,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Grampa Binding,"this is game is amazing! me and my friend have played this almost everyday and love it! it has that binding of isaac feel and by my profile pic you can tell i love that XDand for an Early Access game this is done really well,i really recomend,especially if you and a friend are looking for a game to kill some time with"
,Recommended,314410,17184435,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,IT'S KOA!!!,"I've been playing this game since the first week it released. From then til now we've had a lot of updates and improvements. They've added ways to gain bonus's to your characters, unlock certain classes and so much more. It feel's like a really updated version of Golden Axe with Humor. I can honestly say that I have legitimate fun playing this game. And the best part is the randomized room generator. It really adds a lot of replay to the game."
76561198048421612,Recommended,314410,18041690,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,onesownpride,"loved it me and my buddy played it and for 4.5 hours remind you ones tired as ♥♥♥♥ from work,  got lost in it that long and enjoyed the game, i recommend this game if you like something to  waste some time and press thru levels of enemies with different gear, each run is different, i did noticed after a bit same old items to start but it is fun and def. has a future for us to play more of it was quiet addicting to at frist i do hope they continue with it"
,Recommended,314410,18047901,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,twofist,"pretty fun when playing co-op, lots of different rooms/items like binding of isaac, and pretty difficult on normal"
76561198124355080,Recommended,314410,18051491,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,IAmAGreaser,"Due to the fact that I generally do not like the rogue-lite genre,  I truly love the combat and random loot generation.  The brawling mechanics are extremely satisfying including the juggling and throwing mechanics.  The combination of humorous items and seriously difficult combat offers an awsome product.  The early acess does this game very well because of the plethora of items."
,Recommended,314410,18050123,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,The_Z0RRABIT,"Great game !Roguelike (with 2 lives... You gonna need them :D) featuring Giants,♥♥♥♥♥disease, Curses and Blessings, Dragons, Demons, Lockpicking, throwing ennemies in chasms, TNT barrels and a great deal of humour and references.I can only recommend that game !PS : This is a isometric-ish kind of camera, but you'll get used to it in no time ;)"
,Recommended,314410,18050563,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,i beat my daughter,Rampage Knights is so awesome! I would defenitly recommend this!
76561197966117425,Recommended,314410,18046109,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Crng,Fun and challenging. Worth the price.
76561197967559716,Recommended,314410,18436072,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,jykil,"Rogue Legacy meets Castle Crashers, absolutely smashing!"
,Recommended,314410,18048079,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Momoshika,this some good♥♥♥♥♥♥n*gga i swear its like binding of isaac meets darksouls. Except it aint really like dark souls it just hard.8/8
,Recommended,314410,18229526,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Lade,10/10.  I disabled the gore so my daughter and I can mash on this.  She likes to boss me around when we play!
76561198053761557,Recommended,314410,18309443,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bluezu,"If you liked Castle Crashers or Issac type of games, in my opinion this a game you would like to play over and over.PS: worth."
,Recommended,314410,18264626,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,222,"Great game,like it soooooo much"
,Recommended,314410,18551540,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lugithesh,"Very good beat 'em up, despite its short duration it has great replayability thanks to the randomized items (dungeons are also random but the stages are pretty similar between playthroughs). Definitely very fun to play in local coop.Insane difficulty gets quite challenging which is always good. The super randomized Dark World mode is really fun to play as well.However, the last boss is really disappointing and quite easy even on the hardest difficulty. The green slime monster is harder than that... even a room with 3-5 mages is harder than the final boss.It would be nice if they added a bit more content (especially bosses & enemies) as well as more varied stages, since they are all very similar except for the forest at the beginning."
,Recommended,314410,18627485,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Slacky,"This is a great and fun game, fun for hours, really fun with friends!Sadly you get no real reward for going through the game.BUT!Fun, fun, fun! :3"
76561198016920295,Recommended,314410,17914970,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Meddeb Alex,"Very addictive : after every round we want to play again a round. The colors are beautiful. The gameplay is fun but a lot of spells and some objects do deal domage (like bombs, darts) are not useful so i don't play with it : the gampelay would have be more deep. The game run with a french keyboard.I win a lot of game in normal difficulty. You can find my videos on youtube in my channel Meddeb Alex.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAvD2S_jsEs"
,Recommended,314410,18713390,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Poop Wilson,golden axe meets binding of isac
76561198010443959,Recommended,314410,18781826,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kimø,funny game
,Recommended,314410,18791073,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AdventurerZeTroll,"get this game, if you have a friend to play it with it's even better"
76561198114075839,Recommended,314410,18387143,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cimlu,"well done GGif you play on hard, it can be realy fun (with friends)castle crashers was also good, but too easy"
76561198041324282,Recommended,314410,18581610,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Robbus,"Where to begin, this game is definetly in one of my top favorite rogue-like gamesi wasn't aware of its fun gameplay untill i saw it on sale and bought it for 6$ and i playeda single game then and left it. After i came back to it and beat one playthrough i was hookedtheres alot to unlock and the classes are well balanced, you will unlock a bunch of classes later onafter starting with one by completing some goals wich are satisfying to achive, and those classes willmostly be picked later on for harder modes, you will unlock skins,hats and premanent buffs later onbut the game depends alot on decisions comparing it to binding of isaac this game has alot of trait itemsfor example armours that give you less health but give you back armor for kills and weapons that benefit from cursesbut unlike the curses from binding of isaac, these will be painful and will effect the gameplay alot but it doesn't seem to bother me if i can gain benefit and synergies, the bosses can be stressful through the first gameplay, and they are much harder then the once in binding of isaac and they will get harder depending on the difficulty you're playing on. I think the game is perfect and definetly worth the price, alot of replayability and if it recieves updates or if they would make a dlc i definetly would buy it. 10/10 would play it again and again and again. =)"
,Recommended,314410,18691003,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ShamFlanders,Awesome game for a bit of challenging fun with a mate.Fun items and spells with interesting effects.Random nature of maps and items means each run is unique.Difficulty levels make the game a serious challenge and the shadow realm is a whole new level of crazy.For 10 dollars you won't find a better co-op beat 'em up.
,Recommended,314410,18695776,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,MijMoj,"Love the nostalgic ""Golden Axe"" feel to this game. It has near unlimited replay value, and i'm really looking forward to the future updates! Lots of fun solo and with a friend! (You will learn how easy it is to hate the ones you thought you loved, though)"
,Recommended,314410,18238675,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lemin,I love the game it's a good beat'em upI think it needs some combos with items and weaponsAnd like instead of 2 bosses maybe 3 or 4 bosses would be better or like there should be a boss after every levelI would give it 8/10Highly recomended for Binding of Isaac lovers
,Recommended,314410,18242300,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,MilanTheMan,"Fun game, a little light on content"
76561198043511556,Recommended,314410,18244754,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Grumbledore,F***ing Sick
,Recommended,314410,18284107,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Aero,"The game is amazing, I got it 6 hours ago and just now (6 hours later) set it down for dinner.It has amazing coop capability and crazy good replayability, you could play this game for days if you had the time."
,Recommended,314410,18235063,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ArctiC,i bought 2 pack but i wasnt able to send more than 1 game
,Recommended,314410,18065643,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,RoranBear,"Awesome Game, 10/10.  more fun when playing with a friend, though wish the castle exploration was a bit longer and complex."
76561198055102626,Recommended,314410,18095826,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Damocles,"Played for 5 hours straight. Actually, I'm still playing but I decided to write a review before I forget what I wanted to say. This game is pretty fun. I am a rogue like fan so this appeals to me. If you liked Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain this game is just for you. There are randomly generated levels so it never feels the same. Combat is pretty fun, feels like Castle Crashers hack and slash. I haven't beaten my first boss yet, came close. This game is worth the $13"
,Recommended,314410,17565963,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kaffein[o.O],"Humorous, action, beat 'em up rogue like."
76561197989171797,Recommended,314410,17917582,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Truetus,"increadibly fun game, unfortunately the online co-op does seem to lag a little though that could just be connection problems with people in other parts of the world.  otherwise good game lots of fun.i found the Item pool to be a little small, after 3 hours or so I felt i had come across every item (not every weapon though) in the game.  It could just be some are far far more rare than others however another 5 play throughs and I havent come across something new.highly recommend and hoping for future updates as well!"
76561198024370110,Recommended,314410,17917716,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,furtheraway,Legit.
76561198141403139,Recommended,314410,17895769,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JD_888,"It's like an old-school brawler with a bit of Diablo. Levels and drops are randomized, so the game plays out differently every time. Combat is decently fast. It's fun."
,Recommended,314410,17900774,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,DZimmy,♥♥♥♥disease & Beer Cap....GOTY.It is a great rogue like game with beautiful graphic. Worth every penny.
76561198003570750,Recommended,314410,17917365,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Deadlock,"Take the rogue-like element of The Binding of Isaac, the combat and style of Golden Axe, add the humour of Castle Crashers and you get this wonderful game!For me, Rampage Knights ticks all the right boxes.+ Very enjoyable combat. I really like swinging and throwing enemies around and stomping those nasty skeletons on their faces. Sometimes it is a little bit too easy to bash enemies into a pit, but it's a valid tactic I guess.+ The thing I enjoyed most about BoI was the random item combinations you end up with. Rampage Knights has less items, but there are still a lot of interesting combinations to be made. In one playthrough I got a curse that summoned explosive barrels in every room; luckily I found an item that made me immune to explosions. I really enjoy it if a game allows you to use a seemingly negative effect (such as a curse) as a positive thing.+ Nice bit of humour, silly animations, goofy characters.+ The game can be difficult, but it is never really unfair. If you die, it's your own fault - you can do better next time and learn to avoid that damage.The only downside I can think of is that there isn't any global progression over all your playthroughs. You can unlock some new classes, but that's it. A nice mechanic that a lot of rogue-likes (BoI, Rogue Legacy) have is that you slowly build up your progress every time you die, unlocking new stuff, which slightly increases your chance of a succesful run. Rampage Knights just puts you back to square one every time, but I guess it works for this game.I finished the game in about 10 hours, but I definitely want to play this some more with a friend in local coop.The developers also wrote on the forums that they will release more content for free later on."
,Recommended,314410,17916014,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Chris Belmont,Love binding of isaac?  Love castle crashers?  Well they had a baby and this game came out.
,Recommended,314410,17905276,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BluTiger,I'm a vet now going to school for Web & Software Development. I find this game to be amazing. It bring the old school zelda vibes into a 2D environment that I really enjoy. I love the warlock class. :) All in all I really have high hopes for this game. I really love it.
76561198134122159,Recommended,314410,17904301,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fire,Very Good Game
76561198034311725,Recommended,314410,17904397,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sajjukcor,Lots of fun!
76561198091817603,Recommended,314410,17923476,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,HemoHelix,"It's like Binding of Isaac and Scott Pilgram vs the  World had an Online Multiplayer baby, it's just....amazing"
,Recommended,314410,17951037,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Bingbangyadda,10 hours in and having a great time. Love the random levels and the items you can add to your character. Gameplay can also be quite challanging.
76561197970947082,Recommended,314410,17953543,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,dEnouEmenT,Niiiiiiiiiiiice.
,Recommended,314410,17953918,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Bee's VitalMoose,This game is hard but alot of fun. you go like baw dahs clink qinag ding. :D
76561197994215791,Recommended,314410,17968646,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Warblood The Great,Really good game!If you're a fan of the beat em' up  genre then you will love this.8/10only con I have is it could be a little longer.
76561198032570384,Recommended,314410,17968909,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,humblesoul83,"^_^...Real fun game. I bought this because it looked like a lot of fun and it had local co-op so that I could get my daughter to play with me. This game didn't disappoint. A good and pretty fair game if I may say so. We have so many laughs playing it together even though she spends a good amount of time knocking me around and in pits  while she's beating up on the baddies. I've even knocked her lil♥♥♥♥♥in the pits to her death a few times because she keeps getting in the way. With all that said, it's a fun game and that's what the hell matters. FUN!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,314410,17968964,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,N E G A Z U L,"I didn't like it at first, I thought it was one of these angrybird-ish casual games.And then I die very quickly. And then I got the♥♥♥♥♥Disease, then I was drunk and high on shrooms, then I fell off the bridge after being beaten by a hideous giant.After two hours of playing I had a nice barbarian with a damage bonus but slow as hell, a new hat (yay), I discovered that one could have a jumping or a running disease. This game wants to screw you so bad.It's not hard as in ""VVVVV"", but I'm only at the second zone, it could increase.I like this game between two intense sessions of CS:GO or another skill-based game. This one is skill-based too but its simplicity make it fun. I'll have to try co-op mode.Items/Diseases/etc seem to repeat a lot, but again, lets see if when I'm in zone 5 or 6 it becomes more interesting in terms of gameplay.The thing I don't like at all : the music ! Why ? It's like they took a 64 or 128k mp3. And, the theme is annoying, anonymous, and boring. When you can contact any good creator on Bandcamp and make a simple and cost-effective deal with him/her, why taking these kind of generic, dull soundtrack ?Besides that, this is a nice game ; I had to admit I expected more of it when I saw the gameplay videos, but that's ok, it's worth its price, just because it makes me laugh cleverly ^^"
,Recommended,314410,17981319,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Intourette,"It's Castle Crashers meets Rogue Legacy meets Super Meat Boy. Super Meat Boy you ask? Well the gameplay and the control over your character is silky smooth, really the best thing about the game."
76561198009623238,Recommended,314410,17988476,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Tumnut,"I just finished it for the first time after 6 hours of gameplay. Maybe I'm just a bad player but I'd rather take that as proof, that this game is a good challenge for everybody. Now that i finished it will i stop playing? Hell no! After finishing the game on normal mode you unlock new difficulties which present an even greater challenge that I'm delighted to accept. Why?Pros:Easy to grasp but really fun fighting mechanics that still present you with enough varietyDifferent classes with fairly different playstylesRandomize Item drops and Rooms will make every run feel slightly differentIs the game perfect? I don't think so.Cons:Sometimes you just feel cheated when you have really bad luck (Lucking at you curse rooms!)Some classes can feel really weak if you don't get any drops that fit them (for example playing battlemage and getting nothing to improve magic)If you are really lucky the run can end up being actually too easy (But don't worry...that's a really rare occasion)All in all: Everyone who likes rogue-likes AND likes brawlers should definetly get this little gem. And if you are not sure about wether this speaks to you, I'd still recommend getting it, because you can probably still find some fun in the coop and 12 Euros are really not that much for so much fun."
76561198071660164,Recommended,314410,17739586,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,shaidr733,Amazing game. Above and beyond what I expected.
,Recommended,314410,28419561,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ad,"Excellent Co-op game! Lots of fun. Randomly generated dungeon crawler. We got a solid 12 hours out of it. The game detected both of our controllers right away with no issues (ps3 controller&xbox 360 controller). Haven't tried playing it online, but I imaigne it probably is just as fun as local co-op. Hoping for a sequel :)"
,Recommended,314410,18092206,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ICantSeeIt,"I love this game.The brawler combat is easy on the surface and feels very satisfying (except for trying to stomp crawlers, which needs a bigger hitbox).  However, it gets pretty hectic with lots of enemies so you need to predict and react to attacks/projectiles and kite away from swarms of enemies so you can fight them separately.  I am bad at video games and this game makes me feel like I'm not, because it pretty much always does what you want.  It's also very good at getting you a little further each time you play, and doesn't feel like a grind or hitting a dead end.  The more you play the more challenges you complete and the better your characters get.  The different classes of characters (though I haven't unlocked the warlock or battlemage yet) all feel fun and different, if maybe not balanced in strength.The co-op is very entertaining, if a bit harder than the single player in my opinion (my girlfriend keeps knocking me over so I can't do anything in the middle of fights...).  It's sort of a half-way friendly fire system.  You can hit your partner and knock them down with your dash attack, but you don't damage them.  The loot is also ""shared"", so prepare for your friend to take everything and let you die.The art style is fine, nothing feels out of place.  It's a cartoony game full of cartoony humor.  Controller support was pretty good, I was able to use a PS3 controller (emulating Xbox 360) and a Logitech Direct Input controller, both were recognized and mapped properly.  It'd be nice to have proper button remapping, but the default is pretty good (it can take a bit to get used to the item bar and learn how to use it).  Technical settings are adequate, not much to be said for a 2D game.  Full mouse and controller support in the menus.Overall very good game that I keep wanting to play more."
,Recommended,314410,18102866,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Private Kumba,What a great game! Took me around 7 hours to beat game on normal. I've unlocked all classes. Now i gonna try to beat other modes. Buy and try it :)
76561198164912450,Recommended,314410,18110399,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,It's just a prank bro,Worthed!
,Recommended,314410,18209908,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,LychGator,"Fun game, but VERY short and I didn't even know I was facing the final boss until I defeated him, so the story was obviously lacking. Is there an infinite mode that I don't know about, one where you can just play forever with randomly generated levels?"
,Recommended,314410,18224940,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Spectral Carrot,I've played this game for more than 4 hours its addictingly Fun. Its like the Binding of Isaac met with medivil times and had a Great sense of Humor  10/10 would play again
,Recommended,314410,18836745,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Vorst,"> Started off as aNinjawhomcasts fireballs.> Foundsteroidsanddowned them like liqour shots.> Found gloves that gave me super strength, allowing me to throw enemies across the entire room forno explainable reason.>  Found a potion that turned me into aDemon-Ninja-Spellcaster, and found boots that made meLEAVE FIRE IN MY STEPS.> Turned into aCyborg-Demonic-Flying-Immortal-Steroid pumped-Battle Mage-Ninja, whomEATS GOLD, and has aGIANT BATTLE AXE.Best Beat-Em-Up game...Ever"
,Recommended,314410,18333142,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hand de la Head,"Plays like a classic old school beat em up. The randomly generated stages, achievments and increasing difficulty modes make for great replay value. Co-op is more fun than single player but the single player experience is almost identical. I beat the game on normal difficulty and am now working on completing it on hard. Easily my favourite game at the moment, many more hours of gameplay to come.Pros:+Great Replay Value+Old School Play Style+Great Co-op PlayCons:-Can be difficult to get used to for players that aren't used to gameplay style-Default key-bindings suck10/10"
,Recommended,314410,18245058,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Asher,Check out my first impressions video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwoDI9VRnOs
,Recommended,314410,17901746,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Moof,its fun with friends
76561198025107128,Recommended,314410,18251383,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Imperator,"Rampage Knights is a fun little game that is worth checking out if you have a friend to play with. I would like to see more content in the future, since all the game has to offer can be experienced in a few playthroughs. Individual runs don't differ from each other very much and are fairly short. The game is much more fun with a friend."
,Recommended,314410,18253110,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Nosferatu,Really fun game! The animations are cool and remind me of Gravity Falls for some reason but that's not a bad thing. Controls are simple enough to use and adds a good adrenaline rush into you when you have low health and are trying to finish the level so definitely well worth the price and time!
76561198019145444,Recommended,314410,18338751,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bantha Food,"DISCLAIMER: you will want a friend to play this with, otherwise it's a little boring.It's a beat-em-up with a ""munchkins"" style of humor. I had a lot of fun playing this casually with friends. Highly recommend!"
76561198022408271,Recommended,314410,18335075,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ImproperToast,10/10 would jump off a cliff again
76561197994026513,Recommended,314410,18419996,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lou Cypher,"This game is got what most games dont seem to have anymore, FUN.  It's actually fun to play it.  Artwork is fun to look, combat feel palable.  Potions, bombs, throwing weapons, combos, and randomization.  I put it on easy mode and got stuck trying to kills a boss/ giant, I dont mind trying over and over again cause the other stuff is randomized and it's fun.  Would like to see more games like this with anmated drawings.   I hope they add more to this game or make exapansions."
76561198034403688,Recommended,314410,18423238,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,snigglyfoo,"How to describe the experience... well imagine you find a potion labeled, 'Gives full health, random demonic power and a curse.' You say to yourself, ""2 positive traits for 1 bad one, seems fair."" So you drink the potion. Nothing happens. You think, ""O well, must be a bug or something."" You return to battle along side your buddies. In the chaos, you notice this giant massive foot spawn from above, damaging everything in its path. Your co-op buddy is dying and calls for help. You turn to aid, but in the heat of the moment you fail to notice a small red circle underneath your character. Whamm!!!! The foot returns, killing everyone. Only then you realize you were cursed with the Mighty Foot.Needless to say, play with someone with a sense of humor. Someone that won't try to harm you IRL if you ""accidently"" (*wink) knock them into pits... or throw exploding kegs at them... or electrocute them repeatedly... or complusively drink potions without knowing their effects.+1 vote for expansion and ps4/xbox port"
76561198207410371,Recommended,314410,18525773,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fincy.,Finally beat the game on insane difficulty! SOOOO Fun. Come back a day later and it says I haven't beat insane difficulty.......... HELP
76561198055544599,Recommended,314410,18854282,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,John Fuckston,Fantastic game if you dont have a spaz♥♥♥♥♥♥partner that stunlocks you like a smelter demon sword +10 With a dagger moveset!?!?cough cough ♥♥♥♥ off Jacob Palmer cough
,Recommended,314410,18848447,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,retsmahmonmon,Very addicting game with nice music aesthetics and balance in gameplay.I only will give it a 1/10 because there was sadly no achievement for carrying the skeletons from the training grounds in the camp to the end of the forest stages.
,Recommended,314410,18706013,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,{3K} junying,"Game is fun, if not a little short. Needs a little more distinctiveness between levels, and more unique items!"
76561198071219617,Recommended,314410,18756558,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,GYMMER,Best hack'n'slash since Streets of Rage
,Recommended,314410,17985310,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Poob!,"This game is actually crazy good. It's like someone took castle crashers and made it into a rogue-lite beat 'em up. There's a good chance this will be my favorite game this year. If you like rogue-lites or beat 'em ups, and hard games, this is for you. It has randomised levels (to a certain extent) and enemies, as well as a LOT of interesting and novel items. So far the boss designs appear to be excellent, they are challenging and really fun to fight. This game looks simple at first glance but does reward skillful playing.This game is a brilliant title that you can enjoy alone or with friends equally. GET IT NOW!"
76561198067479076,Recommended,314410,19139953,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cheeseburger Fingers,Can you make it so that someone joining your game doesn't crash it?
76561198121871920,Recommended,314410,17906321,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Иешуа,"As a pirate I both became and stole the booty, I'm a warrior..."
,Recommended,314410,19267757,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Das Bave,Very Good!
76561198066889288,Recommended,314410,19208463,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Lewosch,Probably my worst camping trip yet.
76561198006662817,Recommended,314410,19404320,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Mad Cow of the West,Fun game single player.  I assume it will be more fun with local co-op.  Worth the price of admission.  Kind of a cross between Rogue Legacy and Castle Crashers.  Seems a little simpler than both but a good experience all around.
76561198087667824,Recommended,314410,19354123,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mav,"Great game, doesn't get repetitive because every single run is different. Don't play on casual because it ruins it."
76561198067284244,Recommended,314410,19354453,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Carbo,super fun co-op
,Recommended,314410,19359389,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dark Side of the Atom Heart Wall,Golden Axe Mystery Dungeon.(includes♥♥♥♥♥Potions)
76561198050732490,Recommended,314410,19378001,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,skulez,"So, grabbed this game on a sale because I saw it had local co-op, and I tend to enjoy games that I can play with my girlfriends. So far we've both had a blast. Every hit feels impactful, and items can really change the way you have to play. The achievements are challenging, but achievable, and everything just feels well put together. That said, I feel as if there needs to be more items variety (Only 9 hours played currently, but we've seen nearly every item multiple times). And the final boss... well... I wont spoil anything, but it was a bit of a disappointment. Other than that, great game. Highly recommend if you enjoy arcade style beat 'em ups, a Binding of Isaac item system, and a fairly diabloesque atmosphere."
76561198019607007,Recommended,314410,19442095,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,#WE LOSE,Addicted to this game. So fxxking good!
76561198079512037,Recommended,314410,19592589,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,kkoba259,"This is a fantastic game, not unlike other hack n' slash games you may have played, but also very original in its own way. While this game holds hours of entertainment if you're playing solo it's much more enjoyable with a friend or two. 9/10"
76561198107385672,Recommended,314410,19540763,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"I wouldn't say this game is incredible but I got caught into it, the musics are enjoyable and the game is funny. The modifiable heads are better than nothing. It depends on personal tastes. I'm not really sure about the number of bosses yet. Either I didn't meet them all or there aren't that many. It would definitly be a positive point to have a good variety of them but it may be hard to create a fair number as well as make each of them pretty original. Anyway I don't remember if I got it on sales or not but without any pretentions it's a fun little game in my tastes."
,Recommended,314410,19684761,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vicke,"Nothing beats being able to fly, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down bombs on your enemies. Or replacing your daily meal with solid gold coins. Yummy."
,Recommended,314410,19703791,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Brogan,"This game is a lot of fun, especially if you have a friend to play it with. There are plenty of things to do in it, such as unlocking achievements and trying different classes. Even when you get good at the game you can always make it harder and it will definitely keep up with you on Insane difficulty. It is very worth the price it is going for especially compared to some full price $60 games out there without much content at all. *cough* starwars battlefront *cough*. If you can get it with a friend it is very worth it and I know I had a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,314410,19536697,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Metz4012,"Rampage Knights is one of the best rogue-likes and one of the best games overall I have ever played. If you have a friend to play with or not I would definatly reccomend this game, although it is better with a friend. Endless replayability. 10/10"
76561198060090213,Recommended,314410,19490701,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Karmus,"It reminds me of golden axe. Music and graphics are really and good and it runs well on my i7 hd 4000 machine. Singleplayer alone is alot of fun, but of course coop is the real deal."
,Recommended,314410,19553493,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ClingyKiwi,"This game was so insanely absolutely worth the purchase! It has a lot of replayability, and is a lot of fun. Rampage Knights has some silly humor that tends to surprise you, such as a potion that may have a shocking effect. These are the things that make you giggle and really enjoy the game. Plus, there is something fun about all the blood and just slashing things to death."
,Recommended,314410,19373346,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,viON,Rule #1: Play it coopRule #2: See Rule #1
76561198088430226,Recommended,314410,19857407,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mad Murphy,"This game is just like your incredibly hot but psychotic ex-girlfriend.  You return to her again and again, knowing full well that, while happy for a time, she'll only tear your heart out.  Punishment is inevitable.Yeah, it's like that.This game is highly addictive and incredibly difficult.  It is an absolute blast in co-op, and while family friendly, it has a sense of humor any adult gamer will instantly appreciate.Be warned.  Buy it and be prepared to have family members tear you away from your desktop.10/10 - Worth every penny."
,Recommended,314410,19941441,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jonis,best game in the world
,Recommended,314410,19940895,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nitro,"Bought the 2 pack for this game and it is crazy fun.  Each adventure is completely different from the last and just when you think you are running out of loot to find, something new pops up.  Definitely recommend and highly recommend playing with a friend!"
,Recommended,314410,19927678,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,nate,yes
,Recommended,314410,19937477,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[HG] Zezz,Better than Castle Crashers. 8/10
76561198150528384,Recommended,314410,19951194,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vertactic,This game is taking my soul..I CAN'T STOP PLAYING.
76561198088160348,Recommended,314410,20019214,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Valiant,Excellent local coop game. Finished normal mode in 6 hrs but will still try to finish hard etc. I still need to unlock the other class and try em out.
,Recommended,314410,20021624,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kimington,Great game.  Highly addictive.
,Recommended,314410,20052421,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Your Dignity,Played game enough to get warlock class.After clearing first level I had chain lightning and 30 spell damage.10/10 will spam spell again.
,Recommended,314410,20011841,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gear-Fox,"-Got a power up called ""Freedom Giver""-Gained power to fly and bomb my enemies from aboveFreedom/10 would deliver liberty to my enemies again"
76561198045149547,Recommended,314410,20243439,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Frameron,Amazing Game.Really fun arcade style game that can be played over and over again with a friend for enormous amounts of fun.
76561198018542711,Recommended,314410,24032601,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Influ3nce,"Guy - ""Man... Dark Souls is soo hard... It's like a fall-off-cliffs simulator""Me - ""Have you heard about Rampage Knights?""Guy - ""No?""Me - ""Then you've only experienced childsplay, my friend""Rampage Knights is a great and funny rouge-like game. Get a friend and its even better. It is easy to learn, but very hard to master. Playing on ""Insane"" difficulty with my friend is the most fun I have had in a videogame for a long time, and even on lover difficulties or alone, this game is a lot of fun and very enjoyable.Pros:- Nice Artstyle- Easy Controls- Good Music- Great Co-op- Good Replayablity- Achievements gives Ingame Rewards- Amazing Humor and ReferencesCons:- Falling off Chasms because of your ""Friend"" (Still fun though)Get it with a friend, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,314410,23355849,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Crueler,This game is hours of fun with friends over.
76561198082466690,Recommended,314410,23335502,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,<(￣︶￣)>,"Fun, unique game with near endless replayability. I highly recommend this for anyone to play, whether by themselves or with a friend."
76561198096198545,Recommended,314410,23803158,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ahmy,"I would recommend it for any rogue like fan , specially if you have a friend to play with."
76561198093595376,Recommended,314410,24063494,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ram08,"This game is simply amazing! Played it with my brother, it's a very fun and funny multiplayer game. We're having a great time with it. The graphics, colors and effects are so cool, I love them. This game is not just ""another beat 'em up"" game, it has more than that. I highly recommend it if you have someone to play it with for co-op. Single-player is OK but co-op is more fun."
,Recommended,314410,24069827,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,♡nispe♡send♡help♡desu♡,"Played for 7hrs in one sitting and beat the normal campaign couch co-op, there is a learning curve like with all permadeath dungeon crawlers. It was a good time and I will probably come pack to finish it."
76561198129179856,Recommended,314410,24014538,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dr.Deadman,"This game is simple, charming fun. Easy to learn, hard to master.Worth a buy when on sale."
76561198044759443,Recommended,314410,24757355,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Xerberus86,"Great rogue-lite brawler, similiar to enter gungeon and binding of isaac."
,Recommended,314410,22912637,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bond ✌,binding of Issac as a hack n slash
,Recommended,314410,22896301,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Donkey,"Great game,Its binding of Issac as a hack n slashGood multiplayer, good singleplayerIts a great rogue-like"
,Recommended,314410,23022652,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Sykoklown,"""Rampage Knights is a cooperative beat'em up game mixed up with randomized dungeon crawling and exploration, which you can play alone or with a friend online"" (Steam description). You will button mash the attack button on either the controller or keyboard, but you do have the other buttons that you will need to complete each run. This game is not easy to beat your first few times playing through. The difficulty modes are casual and Normal. There are two more modes that need to be unlocked, but they are Hard and Insane. You unlock features of the game but completing the in-game achievements. The selectable classes (adventurer, barbarian, pirate, assassin, warlock, and battlemage) can also be unlocked with the same system - except adventurer, you start out with that. Even though the levels feel a bit similar and the controller buttons are not bindable -- it is more of a minor gripe.It also has amazing pop-culture references. There is: Monty Python, Marvel and DC, Star Wars, etc., to be noticed as you fight toward the boss(es). Getting there is a task on its own, however, as this game is difficult. Maybe too difficult, but I still keep coming back for more. I must be a masochist.Rampage Knights is so much fun that I played for 5 hours straight without noticing on my first impressions. If you have beaten the game your first time through, I will forever question your skills - because you would have to cheat somehow.Pros:•Clever references.•Online & local co-op.•Permadeath!•Randomized everything.•Extremely humorous.Cons:•The levels feel similar.•The controller's buttons are not bindable.•I die a lot."
76561198084648083,Recommended,314410,23024253,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,memolano,"This is one of the funnest games I have played. It is like a moderns Golden Axe, if the reader is old enough to know that game, but this one is way more fun. It has lots of replayability and can be played with a friend online or locally. I came across this game because the developer company made nother one of my favorite games: Jets 'n' Guns.This game is money well spent, give it a try."
,Recommended,314410,23050896,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shelly,"An excellent local and online co-op game, Rampage Knights scratches that itch to beat up your friends and enemies indiscriminately. Except your friend only dies if you knock them into a pit. Or under a strategically positioned Mighty Foot curse that smashes them into the ground. Or walk into your bomb. Or knocked down by your ghost after they killed you.Regardless, the randomized dungeons, traps, curses, and loot add a perfect amount of variety to ensure at least a few fun run-throughs. The combat isn't just brainless button mashing, especially with its different mobs, bosses, and curses (hi, Mighty Foot!) out to get you. Oh, and of course, your friend on occasion.With its silly, gory, and explodey panache, Rampage Knights is definitely worth the price tag on sale or not."
,Recommended,314410,20884098,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ÄßŠ†®ÅχÎØη,"Basically Every Game of Rampage Knights:1) Start game at base camp.2) Invite crazy Russian cousin to game.3) Try to make our characters look like Mr. T.4) Proceed to the first area outside of camp.5) See grave stones and start to desecrate them for loot.6) Find a potion in a grave that was just recently smashed.7) Drink it without considering consequences.8) Start fighting skeletons that appear out of the ground.9) Mid fight, have the uncontrollable urge to lay an egg.10) Mash attack to lay egg in the far corner so as to not be hit by anyone.11) Cousin dies in process (and screams about Mother Russia).12) Eat egg you just laid to gain life as skeletons approach you (cannibal!).13) Kill skeletons and go to the next area.14) Immediately get punted off of a cliff by an ogre.15) Respawn at base camp and make characters that look like Marge Simpson.100/10"
,Recommended,314410,20887872,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Arkveveen,"Rampage Knights is an excellent and polished game with plenty of humor, or references, to spare! The finest game from ""Rake in Grass"" yet! It is an excellent blend of beat 'em up and RPG!Here's a summary of the Positives (+) and Negatives (-):+ Tons of weapons, items, and abilities all on a randomized loot table. You'll never know what kind of combonation you'll get!+ Nearly infinite replay value. All levels are randomized, and feature other sorts of surprises you won't experience twice in a row.+ Fun and rewarding combat that is easy to get into, but hard to master.+ Very challenging!+ Colorful and detailed 2D visuals.+ Great soundtrack!+ Singleplayer or co-op, offline or on.+ Achievements that actually matter! Earn them to gain greater strenth and cool passive bonuses. It can even unlock classes to play as.+/- Not enough boss encounters. There are only TWO bosses... however, one of these bosses is on a randomization table, and you'll sometimes get a completely different boss!- Animations and sprites are often copy/paste across multiple enemies.- Jump attacks are too overpowered... in true Golden Axe fashion!- Friendly fire is annoying in co-op games!"
,Recommended,314410,20862744,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,LND.Sleepy,"Short game, but surprisingly fun for such a casual-looking game. Just wish the campaign was longer. Also I suck and have yet to beat the game on normal difficulty."
76561198097599935,Recommended,314410,20653363,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,dancing_kosak,"It's a testament to the replayability of this game that I've long since gotten all the achievements and still enjoy playing every day. There's enough randomness in the dungeons and in the strangers you'll play with online to keep it entertaining for a surprisingly long time. Plus, the combat, teamwork, and various items are fun to learn and (hopefully) master.There's a fair diversity of randomly-chosen mid-game bosses, but I will say that I wish there was more than one final boss. He's not very difficult once you get used to him, which can make the fight with him boring and repetitive. My other gripe is that multiplayer is limited to 2-player co-op (either on a single computer or online), although it is executed very well.I would love to see an expansion or sequel to this game!10/10"
,Recommended,314410,20639362,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,unlucky boys,sik game
76561198120801780,Recommended,314410,21424752,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Croctimus Prime,2 wordsGreat Game
76561198060990238,Recommended,314410,21484252,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ancient of Chaos™,"Very fun game, even better when playing with friends. Just got it yesterday and i can't stop playing it! Its so addicting as unlocking the classes is easy because all you have to do is play and you'll eventually unlock them"
,Recommended,314410,21687057,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Original,"My favorite rogue lite right now and I love my rogue lites.Has the edge because of a great combat system that gets shook up with every replay. Sometimes you have great mobility, sometimes a bit of range etc. and gameplay actually varies a lot depending on what items you come across.A steal for 12 euro, buy now. Fund more items and dlc! The more they add the better it will be."
,Recommended,314410,21653214,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Keiro,"It's a really fun game, especially when you play Co-op!"
76561198082881373,Recommended,314410,21661678,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Grim,"Smash heads, barrels, trees, skulls (not to be confused with heads), rocks, and mushrooms for gold.10/10"
,Recommended,314410,21633926,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Small Anime Girl,"""Okay"""
,Recommended,314410,21428827,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Joe_Rom,"Reminiscent of Castle Crashers, but much more difficult. Randomized features keeps it fresh, and even after 20 hours still finding new items, curses, blessings, diseases, and rare rooms. Gameplay is simple, yet difficult to master. One of the only bad things I could say is that multiplayer could use some more optimization, i.e. lots of lag, jumping around, etc."
76561197981630136,Recommended,314410,21735968,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sodium Chloridah,"Two really big thumbs up.If you look at the gameplay videos and think it is something you would like, get it!If you aren't sure what the game is like :   it's a rpg-lite action side scrolling beat'em up game. Old gamers like me think of the old arcade dungeons and dragons game for similarities.I play this exclusively with my GF in local co-op and have had about 100$ of fun with it, I honestly can't think of any real negatives about this game.Oh, highly recommend to play with a xbox controller."
,Recommended,314410,21758184,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,I FRIENDLY~,"This game is totally awesome! It's like Streets of Rage, Final Fight, etc but with loot (lots of loot!), online co-op, character customisation and procedurally generated dungeons! Don't hesitate to buy!"
,Recommended,314410,20315527,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,weiderganger,Roguelike beat'em up with RPG elements. Coop is the best.
76561198021073346,Recommended,314410,20518758,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,denny,"Fun game to play with another friend, very challenging and stays fresh even after you beat the game"
76561198028312044,Recommended,314410,20478089,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Grim Reapwor,"This is a fun game to play with friends, even if you're not used to playing beat em' ups."
,Recommended,314410,20504171,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,woag,Friend hit me into a chasmWait never mind I don't have any friends
,Recommended,314410,20613826,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zombalzz,"Looks simple but dont be fooled , requires a lot of skillAwesome co op arcade bash experience , if you enjoyed castle crashers , then this will be your cup of teaHats off to the Devs Well done"
,Recommended,314410,20046494,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brondwurf,"Just started playing and already one of my favorite video games. The procedural ""rogue""ness makes the game infinitely re-playable. Different classes force you to play the game in slightly different ways. Lots of fun and funny items, diseases, curses etc... (how fun is it to be excited about getting♥♥♥♥♥disease!).I hope the Devs continue to develop and add more to the game. I would love to see some special levels (Like Nethack's sokoban maybe?), as well as more items, monsters, bosses, etc... I've played through dozens of times now and always see something new. Hope they keep it up. 10/10"
,Recommended,314410,20045953,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,g.adim.us,"This game is kinda like castle crashers meets the binding of isaac with what seems like a dash of rogue legacy added in.  Same beat em' up smash fest as castle crashers with the absurd power-ups and ""re-playability"" of binding of isaac.  All that being said - this game is difficult and if you can't get past the first stage you probably won't enjoy the game.  There are a few powerups and class changes that you get from various challenges but they're not nearly as significant as learning how to play, how certain mobs behave, how to jump over pits properly, picking the right items, how to open chests etc....Overall I'd say that this game is worth picking up if you enjoy a challenge and don't mind slogging away for a few hours before the game starts to feel ""fun"".    I picked up the two pack during the winter sale for 25% off - if I had the choice again I probably would have waited until this game was 50-60% off before buying though!"
,Recommended,314410,19862999,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"Golden Axe + Rogue Legacy = FUN!Game is quite short/easy though. It does have SOME replayabilty, but it'd be nice to see some new content"
76561198000029812,Recommended,314410,19809821,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nirhari,5/5 thumbs up!
76561198048301841,Recommended,314410,19944346,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Ables,"Played about 61.5 hours on record. Got every achievements in the game. First time when I played this game, I died every single time. But, when you get use to the game, it's quite easy. Now when I play the game(I play on hard difficulty), I win every single time. Play with a friend. It's twice more fun. Unless your friend is a♥♥♥♥♥♥that pushes you off of the cliff EVERY SINGLE TIME."
76561197993427226,Recommended,314410,19943014,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ChiefN,"Things you can do to enemies in this game:DecapitationFull dismembermentCurb stompingKick their teeth inSwing em around like a batAlso, the knife throwing enemy looks like Danny Trejo from machete10/10 Would stomp on Danny Trejo again"
,Recommended,314410,19804097,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,bleah,"The game is satisfyingly hard, but a few spells are too overpowered againist hordes of enemies and can make the highest difficulty settings less overwhelming (which may be a good or a bad thing on your point of view).Co-op is very fun but some items, spells and moves may anger your co-op partner because of friendly knockdown. I must admit, half of the fun comes from this, knowing your partner is not a ghost that you can't interact with (Your partner may become a ghost but can still kill you accidentally :)).Variety of spells, items, diseases, curses and levels is very satisfying and random enough to make your every playthrough not feel like a grind. Also it woud be foolish to not mention devs are releasing new content occassionally with updates and making the game harder and more fun.The game may be considered a bit short but the randomized nature makes up for it with high replay value and permadeath.I should mention, some of the diseases and curses are too hilarious and you may accidentally start dying too often from laughing.Oldschool gamers will find the difficulty satisfying and may feel nostalgic while playing. Highly recommended for players who love roguelike, rpg and brawler genres and want a good laugh."
,Recommended,314410,19981187,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chris \[T]/,"Awesome game;Rogue-like;Frequent updates (new stuff, bosses, enemies);You can throw your buddy in a pit;Best game ever;solid 5/7"
,Recommended,314410,19970775,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yung Nuice,Really fun but have no friends to play wit 10/10 ;c
,Recommended,314410,25909639,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,lopedo,"I can't help but notice that I haven't left a review for this great game yet, so let me do that here. This review will contain minor spoilers about the enemies, weapons, and mechanics.There are a few different class types, and all play differently, so variety seekers this is a treat for you.Rampage Knights is a fantastic beat 'em up game that features procedural generation. Now, let me talk about the mechanics of the procedural generation and the game.PG (procedural generation)- There is a set pool of weapons on each level, I believe, or every two levels. The starting level basically teaches you how to play the game, while the very first combat room of the second stage offers you a glimpse into the power ups and weapons. There are 3-5 weapons available on the second level, and they go from a slower club that stuns on critical hit, to a poisonous sword that poises enemies (not skeletons though, look out!), and my personal favorite in the form of a dagger. It's short, so your range is limited, but it's fast and does +50 critical damage on hit. And that's just a few weapons on that stage that CAN pop up.At first, I said ""oh, so I'll either get A-D on this level, meh, I want it to be random."" After completing the game multiple times (look at my hours in the past week, insane mode is hard, man), I can safely say that the system is a wonderful one. If every weapon in the game was able to drop on the second floor, I'd be incredibly overpowered, and then later severely screwed.This is because modifiers exist, such as curses. On Insane mode, you get a new curse every floor. On the other modes, you don't, unless you are forced to trigger a demonic statue. This can happen only once per run. What does a curse do? It varies! The most tragic one, to me, is ""Animated"". All the barrels that you've been smashing for gold pieces and health pick ups? Yeah, they are enemies now. And man, there are LOTS of boxes, statues, barrels and more in this game to smash.Which brings us to the mechanics- Your standard attack is mashable to create as big of a combo as you want. You won't be doing that though, as in instead you'll hold the attack button and dash forward. Why? It breaks shields, and man do you want to break the shields of the enemies, trust me. If you press attack and up, you launch enemies in mid air. Follow it up with pressing attack, and you do a neat combo that ends with them on the ground. If you're close to an enemy, you do a punt, which also ends up with them on the ground. Once there, you can stomp them for a lot of damage, but be careful, you become very vulnerable to any attack while stomping an enemy.  For defense, you have an excellent and easy to use doge roll that becomes incredibly difficult to master when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan.The variety of enemies is good. We've got knights, demons, goblins, undead, giants, trolls, crazy chickens, Halloween looking ♥♥♥♥ers with swords that throw pumpkins at you, and more.There is one final boss who has a very cool final form (won't spoil that one), and a mid point boss. Actually, the midpoint boss draws from a pool of I believe 5, so it will be different each time you play.  They are tough, but very fair after you learn what you need to do to defeat them.Potions range from hilarious to useful, but not a single one feels pointless or tacked on. Diseases, such as being poisoned, can be cured with a variety of potions, but do you really want your character to be drunk, making movement difficult for a few rooms?Overall, I really enjoyed my time with Rampage Knights, and I'm excited to go back to it. The developers put their own unique spin on a classic formula, threw in some humor, a doge roll and tons of love.And I, for one, am very thankful that they did so."
,Recommended,314410,19449233,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Man Nurse,"It's as if Spelunky and Castle Crashers had a baby.... A baby that I want to play with all day long.It's a pretty standard beat'em up with roguelike elements and a sweet loot system. There's permadeath on most modes, but there's also an easy mode. The loot is where the game shines. Like I said, the beat'em up mechanics are pretty standard, they feel good. There's random loot drops for weapons, potions items, armors, boots, etc,. that you can pick up and make crazy synergies with. The items you get will change the way you approach the game every timeFound the magic bean early in the game? You'll want to clear rooms super carefully to stack those vitality boosts. Hopefully you can get your hands on some ranged magic to make it easier on you. Are you the battlemage or the warlock? Magic books that boost your magic attack are going to be worth their weight in gold for you. Are you a pirate and found yourself a sweet pair of steel boots? Too bad, you can't wear boots because you have peg legs.This is a game that You can sit down and play in 30-45 minutes from start to finish, be satisfied every playthrough, and there's plenty enough variety and charisma that it's become a standard game I play on a daily basis.Even at full price, the game is stellar. On sale, you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't get it."
,Recommended,314410,24916914,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Smik,"* Difficult but Fair Brawler with a New Experience Each Time *Rampage Knights is a game I can recommend to most beat-em up fans.  It is truly Nintendo Hard with only 2 lives in a single player mode to fight your way to the final boss, with extra lives being a mechanic available to a single class (which starts out with none in reserve) or pure luck.Despite the scarce resources and brutally punishing difficulty, I felt 99% of my deaths were fair -- I could have prevented them by dodging some other way, positioning myself better, or using an item earlier.  Even the small percentages of deaths that were almost beyond my control could have been within it if I had just done something a little differently.The luck element still plays a factor, but not to the degree of Binding of Isaac where the RNG can make a run nigh impossible or incredibly easy.  Despite the curses, diseases and odds, each class has the tools they need to win with just their base abilities -- afflictions only limit how many mistakes you can make, and there's always a way around them (although this is luck based).In the standard game, the right gear can make you nigh invulnerable with even serious mistakes being easily recoverable in the next room.  The standard game provides four difficulties, from Casual (which will allow you to see the ending eventually with perserverence) to Normal (NES hard) to Hard (NES Ninja Gaiden without the ability to continue hard) to Insane (even harder).  Casual can be beaten in under 30 min if you know what your'e doing; and even Insane has a few items that will allow you to turn your disadvantages into overwhelming power.For those looking for a bigger challenge, in the Endless Dungeon game you can't rely on luck -- just about every additional edge will be stripped from you eventually (although by that point if you're still alive your skills are so great that the only chance the game has to kill you is waiting for you to make that one, fatal mistake).  You can plan for this eventualities but other than that, your tactics and reflexes are the only things you can count on.I haven't even unlocked the Shadow World.Despite my talking about how difficult the game is, I have to stress it is FAIR.  There's nothing stopping you from using every dirty trick in the book against your opponents and you're encouraged to do so.  Knock the giant off a cliff, endless combo your foes, use fallen enemies as projectiles, toss them into the abyss, throw everything at the room at everything else, abuse the hell out of your magic.  The room will kindly drop your rewards in safe areas so you never have to worry about being unable to claim your power-up just because you tossed a guy into a pit or killed him so his body is lying on a trap.The base combat itself is simple but entertaining.  You have an almonst-invincible roll, a shield-destroying power-slash, a shield-destroying, staggering jumping attack, the ability to giant-swing fallen enemies to harm everyone around you, and the ability to throw most things at other things, which is a lot more useful then it sounds since throw enemies tend to knock each other down.  You also have a higly damaging air-combo, best saved for isolated or well-grouped enemies.To this, add slots for magic abilities you can find in various points of the game (not super-common but common enough than you will have the luxury of choice), very common projectile weapons (common enough that it's a good idea to always use them as appropriate; you will find more), a single-use scroll slot, and a potion slot.Your equipment consists of melee weapon, armour (if available), belt, boots, and gloves, all of which confer various benefits to help keep you alive.You also can have various familiars to assist your quest -- as many as you can find in the standard game, and up to three in Endless Dungeon.  Some of these stack beautifully and can utterly destroy your foes, while others can accidentally kill you due to the area effect -- but their nature is readily apparent and you shouldn't need more than one experience to know what to pick up and when.Finally, you have a wide variety of passive items that will increase your abilities -- to possible game-breaking extent in the Standard Game (but limited to 1 of each type in Endless Dungeon).All these factors create a unique dungeon brawling experience, and best of all you're allowed to simply skip past all the enemies in the first two ""floors"" of the game -- so vetern players looking to get right to the meat can do so.If you like brawling games but hate how repetitive they can be, then this is the game for you."
76561198304965917,Recommended,314410,25771630,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lil C.H.U.D. Jr.,Nicely balanced rogue style beat em up. Risk and reward are major aspect of the gameplay. Lockpicking chests. Quite fun.
,Recommended,314410,20157862,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Black Knight,"1.7 h into the game, and it's an excellent side scrolling hack and slash. :) Buy now!"
76561198118637162,Recommended,314410,26420679,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AstralDawn,"Amazing game which gives a few laughs and has very satisfying combat and cool weapons, armors and spells.I would reccomend buying the 2 pack when its on sale so you can play with a friend"
76561198067849406,Recommended,314410,23732020,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Valeri,Very good game
76561197963706093,Recommended,314410,27850600,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Barthalonious Monk,This is a great game if you have a limited amount of time and just want to get right into it.
,Recommended,314410,27747145,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LucySayStab,"Really fun game, great replay value"
,Recommended,314410,27810825,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toga Himiko,"Very fun local co-op game that I'm playing with my girlfriend. We're currently trying to beat the game on Insane and although it's frustrating at times, we've had a lot of fun with it so far.Pros:Challenging but fair combat.Fun items and upgrades(There's a spell called Freedom Giver that lets you fly around and drop bombs)Funny humor. Duck disease is the worst.Classes are diverse enough to change up gameplay.Easy to learn, hard to master.The only con I can think of is level diversity could have been a little better, though the combat makes up for this because it's so fun and you're usually focused on that. There's pretty much a forest level at the start, then castle levels after that that don't seem too much different.Some people might see the difficulty/RNG elements as cons, but I see those as good things.To sum up I would have paid 5x the sale price and been happy with my purchase."
76561197980259241,Recommended,314410,27740914,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Voen,"I really enjoyed this game. It could be really frustrating sometimes, but it was quite addicting, and the multiplayer is a solid add, if a little more hectic than is easily manageable sometimes.I think I paid around $10 for it, and I got 30 solid hours of gameplay out of it. I didn't get all the achievements or beat all the modes, but I think I did around 80% of the game. The very top difficulties just got a little punishing for my tastes.If you liked Rogue Legacy, you will probably like this."
76561198073724130,Recommended,314410,27600336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hi_Bro,Very good! addictive !
,Recommended,314410,27333137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gaddafi,Good game with a bunch of great hack and slash mechanics and difficulty is mixed.
76561198071992447,Recommended,314410,27373819,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ITickl3d3lmo™,This game is greatPros :-Cheap-Fun Mechanics-Great With Friends-Artstyle (i like it)Cons :- It can get boring without friends
76561198107932707,Recommended,314410,27034925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grand Poobah,You like smashing things? Then you will love this game. Always challenging and has quirky aspects to it that not many other games introduce.(lots of replay ability)
,Recommended,314410,27301145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Top Potato,nice game
76561197970541793,Recommended,314410,26757822,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,LoveAlotBear,"It is exactly what the video showed, a 2-d bralwer with random item gen. It was fun and challanging.A little more hardcore and intense than I was expecting. Even easy was a little tricky, and some of the bosses are crazy tough with only 2 lives.That said.. glad I bought the game. :)"
76561198034411106,Recommended,314410,26648361,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dragon Dog,"This game is okay, you can ""loose"" a lot of things in it, but you can't ""lose"" anything."
,Recommended,314410,26842668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sneeze paper,♥♥♥♥ bats man
,Recommended,314410,26600206,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,sampoline,Great rogue-lite with beat em up style combat and a lot of humour. Really fun with a friend.
76561198043772933,Recommended,314410,17932179,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,zabbakoe,Game is good
76561197998613583,Recommended,314410,17931517,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Aragath NL,"Wow, this is a really great game! I hope this gets updated regularly and a dlc from time to time, just like Hero Siege.It's fun singleplayer. But I can't wait to play this with someone else."
,Recommended,314410,17912880,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Scrubbed Potato,It's super smooth and super fun.  It's like if Castle Crashers and Binding of Isaac had a son.
,Recommended,314410,17905504,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,victimsofretail,"I HAD to get this game...seeing almost 150 good reviews and NO bad reviews...and I can already see why. Awesome fun, good challenge yet not unfair, and a good-ol' hack'n'slashy rougue-like joy to behold. No regrets here!"
76561198077517965,Recommended,314410,17906218,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,(BB4H) nickeliii,"Good beat em up in the vein of Double Dragon and Streets of Rage, with a fun loot system and rogue-like randomness reminiscent of The Binding Of Isaac and Our Darker Purpose. Worthwhile as both a casual game if your looking to kill an hour, and as a fun cumulative grind as you chase further unlocks that are capable of changing the game up and making it feel fresh. I knew I was gonna enjoy this the moment I drank a potion that made my face turn into an♥♥♥♥♥ You read that correctly.I have only one minor suggestion: You should automatically pick up extra throwing weapons if you already have that weapon equipped. If you're holding a throwing knife and a loot drop gives you 3 more throwing knives IN THE VICINITY OF A HALF DOZEN STONES you have to play ""pick the right pixel"" to pick up all of the throwing knives without accidentally changing to stones. Like I said, minor... though it affected me twice in the short time I played.All in all, recommended.♥♥♥♥♥faces for everyone!"
,Recommended,314410,17927711,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bluehusky,"Not really rogue-like, but rather more spelunky-like. Very responsive controls, beautiful art direction and a nice variety of game mechanics. Lots of replayability at a great price."
76561197997334683,Recommended,314410,28695708,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vanderghast,Great beat em up. Very polished. It's difficult at first but the combat is very skill based so it is rewarding when you get better.
76561197988130161,Recommended,314410,28967082,Posted: 2 January,all,Moonlit Knight,I love binding of isaac but i also have a best bud who I love playing games with who also loves binding of isaac. 10/10 would recommend.
76561197974919928,Recommended,314410,28961062,Posted: 2 January,all,Vampyre,"Absolutely the best game I have played for some time.   If you have a controller, and if you have a spare 20mins or so, it is perfect for a quick kill session.Local and online co-op, plenty of updates and an insane mode which I have still not beaten.Well worth the money spent."
76561198013528540,Recommended,314410,28898687,Posted: 1 January,all,SwiftCobra,Hate to lockpicking when you drunk ^^
76561197997834810,Recommended,314410,28883255,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Holden,"One of the better roguelike games I have played in a long time - Love the 2 player, wish there would of been some 4 player, but I guess it may of got a little rough!"
,Recommended,314410,28884054,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pinkness,Awesome RogueLite/Beat em up
,Recommended,314410,28884363,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bastulos,"I bought this game on the premise that it's similar to Binding of Isaac and Castle Crashers. It has not disappointed in the least. The game is difficult, but not so much that it's unfair. It has procedurally generated levels so it's different all the time. There are a wealth of crazy upgrades that keep the game from getting stale as you're always getting new items and no two runs are ever the same. There are also a bunch of different classes that work differently enough as to make them feel unique from one another.The best part is that it's co-op. I didn't know I wanted a co-op Binding of Isaac type game until now. Probably one of the most fun games I've played in a while. The core gameplay is a ton of fun. If you enjoy rogue-likes and brawlers with a good dose of comedy, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,314410,28928468,Posted: 1 January,all,Crazyi,Fun side scroller beat em up with online co-op. Worth a few dollars but its nothing special.
76561198068142400,Recommended,314410,28905329,Posted: 1 January,all,lejarak,Very fun to play. Love it.
,Recommended,314410,32142671,Posted: 2 June,all,Kake (◕v◕✿),best game
,Recommended,314410,28659699,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wesley,"If you like beat-em-ups, I recommend checking this one out. Best enjoyed with a friend"
,Recommended,314410,32916903,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr.m4rd3r,"very fun gameplay and crazy gear and loot to find!can be quite frustraiting some times, but the quirkyness and countless ideas packed inside always want you to go again!chicken curse ftw"
76561197994140454,Recommended,314410,32958841,Posted: 28 June,all,Wonka Muffins,"I really enjoyed this game. My favorite element about this game was ability to combine power-ups, special weapons and figuring out how to get past a dungeon while cursed.All the curses in the game are brilliant because each curse can change the dynamic of the game.I agree with everyone else that this game needs more content. I would so buy extra content or Rampage Knights 2.I give this game a ten outta ten!"
,Recommended,314410,33217298,Posted: 3 July,all,Adam-One,Sweet little game to enjoy with friends.I wouldn't recommend playing it it solo.Only thing that could be better is the leveling system. Nothing much unlocks throughout the game (except unlocking a few characters) so the only way to beat the game is to get better.
,Recommended,314410,33141025,Posted: 2 July,all,ISIS,good game
76561198003258950,Recommended,314410,33258297,Posted: 4 July,all,SaberZX,"This is a very fun co-op to play with your friend.The random loots will sometimes make your run extremely difficult but sometimes make them cake walks. That's what I like about this game, always fun to find out what combos work well together.Only complaints I have are:* Levels are rather short and it doesn't take long until you reach the final boss.* The controller setting for switching between items is kind of difficult to use mid-battle"
76561198113825202,Recommended,314410,33292617,Posted: 5 July,all,denderemre,it is really good game. RamKni = the binding of ısaac with good graphic and sword action.
76561198141113179,Recommended,314410,33863818,Posted: 28 July,all,OXidize,"Despite offering so little, this can become really fun. When you get some of the achievements the game awards you with small ingame buffs that help you a lot, but do not interfere with the balance of the game. The Insane difficulty can become really challenging in a good way. There are lots of cool ways to kill your enemies and a variety of weapons. It has potential to become something awesome. An unfortunate game that definitely needs more attention."
76561198104729180,Recommended,314410,34098567,Posted: 8 August,all,Rightful King,"This game is a hidden gem between all the roguelike games. Its sheer randomness makes it extremely difficult from time to time but definitely doesn't make it less fun.You can choose from alot of different modes and classes. Those are unlocked through progress based achievements. Hence the more difficult characters are more difficult to obtain.The INSANE difficulty is where the game shines the most. As I said , the biggest strength of the game is its randomness and the insane mode just makes the game unbelievably unpredictable and fun.REPLAYABILTY (!!!) - no run is similar to the previous one.A fair bit of character customization is present aswell.You would be a fool for not trying this one with your buddy for the price of the 2-pack !I cannot do otherwise but recommend this hidden gem for you. I had alot of fun playing it and will definitely pay a visit regularly."
,Recommended,314410,34146524,Posted: 10 August,all,Abusive Husband,"A really fun roguelite game in the form of a fantasy/comedy brawler. There is a lot of content in this: loads of different enemies, items, weapons, secrets, customizable options etc. If anything, the main campaign mode is too short and the final boss is way too easy. Overall a pretty fun game with a lot of replayability."
