user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314560,17279675,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MissingNO,"If you ever played and enjoyed the old Dungeon Siege games (not that new piece of trash) then you should by rights enjoy this. I hadn't seen any comparisons with DS before I bought it, but so far into my play time that's the game it reminds me of the most. It bears more resemblance to that for me than Diablo/Grim Dawn. That's just my opinion, of course.EDIT: Arkash Legacy is an obvious game that seems similar, but that is far more tactical with battles than this game, so I don't feel there is much similarity between those two.The customisation options are great. I like how you can have your characters be anything you want, because it always allows you to redefine your attribute points in each character. Gang of archers? Ok. Bunch of wizards? Fine. I'm going with the builds I was given at the moment, but hey, it's there to use if I want to, which is cool.There are areas of plentiful enemies, and the pause system is often helpful. Ok, so it's a 'slow time,' and not an actual pause, but it's as good as, and although it runs on a meter, it's a generous one.Graphics are nice. I'm not a fan of cartoony visuals, but that's just the portraits, so I can live with that. Also, you can pan around the map but you cannot rotate it - I know we are spoiled with map rotate in games, so it takes a few minutes to adjust to not being able to do that.Quests are good - you get the choice to finish up, but if you carry on exploring you will discover more. They also have a bit of veriaty. One quest (getting people to the sled) involves keeping waves of enemies at bay while rounding up villagers. You find yourself playing the game differently; I enjoyed the change of pace on that quest.You can ressurect any dead ally, so any guards you find lying about the place can be brought back to life. Handy if you do the old 'run to town' trick with a bunch of aggro!The trade system takes a minute to get used to. The trade window is small, and gets obscured by the stats of any item you hovver over...could do with appearing away from the trade window. Also, try not to hover over the mouse buttons...I accidently right-clicked and bought an expensive and useless (for me) itemthat made me re-load a save!I have seen one puzzle so far, which did require a bit of random to-ing and fro-ing, but this is a puzzle-combat game, so I expected that.EDIT: Actually, I admit - I had to watch a 'how-to' on YouTube! I had been trying to work out an order of button pressing for about half an hour and gave up. TBH the solution seemed kind of random, but five hours in that's the only head-scratcher I've encountered so far.Would I recommend? For this price, hell yes! It seems cheap for the quality, so I would say get this at this price without a worry."
76561198024975130,Not Recommended,314560,17353016,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,"I am conflicted with Kyn.On the one hand the developers are great at responsing to their customers and have really done a great job in creating such a pretty game.  Visually it is a treat and for the most part the game is great.  Many people like it and gave it good reviews and they are fine.I have never had so much trouble deciding if to recommend a game or not as I have with this game, there is nothing wrong in partiular with the game, just a lot of little things that add up to making me regret my purchase.  I undersatnd the combat and the skills after playing games like Pillars of Eternity and enjoy the system, but it feels totally unblanced and bland, many skills being worthless and only being able to equip 2 skills and 1 feed skill per character at any time feels limiting.The maps are linear which is fine, but they feel too big for what they are and many times you find yourself going exploring expecting to find something cool only to be met with a dead end and nothing there.  Which brings me to chests.  To open a chest the team 'attack it' which seems odd considering chest have hinges and handles and could be just opened, it felt like they ran out of time to make an opening chest animation.Also the loot is very boring, 90% crafting material and not much actual gear.  Which is fine, because there is a lot of things to craft, but again, with the crafting the loot drops are pointless because you can buy all the crafting material from the vendor next to the crafter.  It just feels unecessary.Is a shame cause I was really excited to play the game, but it just feels like an early access title to me, which to the developers credit they are doing a stellar job listening to the community and are in the process of adding a rotating camera, so I still hold hope of being able to finish the game one day, but added to the long load times every time you die I simply do not have the drive to play the game.  I really want to get into it, but like a word you are on the brink of remembering I just cannot find that spark.TL:DR it is not a bad game, in fact in many ways it is good, but sadly it lacks atmosphere."
76561198006825419,Recommended,314560,17338305,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Volkira,"A great game.A lot of variety in the missions.They are well thought out.These missions take an entire map to explore in order to complete.It can take hours to complete one mission.I like the skill system that can be adjusted on the fly.The combat is similair to Arklash but Kyn has a paused slow mo on a timer.If you like to  individually control each group member,pick their skills and craft their items then this game is for you.If you play Grim Dawn,Victor Vran,Arklash,Van Helsing or any other similair game then make room in your library as this deserves a spot there.I guess if your into exploring every corner of the map then your looking at roughly 35-45hrs of game play with time spent at hub getting crafted gear.I'm playing on hard and there are two more harder levels above hard.I can't imagine anyone enjoying ARPG not liking this.Oh yeah you can control a 6 member party and configure each members play style."
,Recommended,314560,17330086,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Shauwn,"i read someone's review and saw that he was complaining about not locking the mouse in screen when using multiple monitors. and i just saw in update that you fixed it. thank you on his behalf for fixing it.I appreciate it that devs are listening to other people.So here is my real review. (my first ever)I have done about 5 missions now, and what an AWESOME game.Not only to be created by no less than 2 people, which is a feat worth applause in my opinion.Pros & Improvements+ created by 2 people+ gameplay is effective and works (no bugs as for me so far)+ not a 3 hour game (looking at my 9,4 hours of gameplay, which includes side quests, and being at the 5th mission)+ smooth map scrolling+ the slow time effect DOES give you an strategic advantage (if used correctly ofcourse)+/- map rotation is a bit of an obstacle (since when looking for chest some trees dont dissappear / fade)+/- no option to choose what kind of character /class you want to begin with (so you need to equip your characteryourself with desired equipment)+/- I had one chrash so far (dont know what caused it tho, could be my pc)+/- Somehow at loading screens it looks like the pc is not responding for just a little time and then it works again. (couldalso be a pc problem but this is the first game it occurred with)So basically it is DEFINITELY worth your money!! Because it doesnt have gamebreaking bugs, and it flows like a riverstream.And the +/- in my review are definitely NOT the reason why you should NOT buy the game!!So lets have fun!!"
,Not Recommended,314560,26256161,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Broken Cup,"Pros:-Crating-Missions-Character Resets(Don't want to that guy to be a tank anymore? Reset him to an archer for free)-Puzzles, some of which are optional, but if solved, reward you with a nice piece of lootCons:-Graphics are a bit lacking-Bugs-Clunky camera and controls.-Game just feels slow over all, like I'm bored out of my mind, and their isn't anything to keep me wanting to play-Very linear zones-Most NPCs' dialogs are flat, and don't provide you with anything.  Basically if their isn't an icon over the NPC's head, don't bother chatting-Loot is almost always a crafting mat-Story or Charactes, or both, couldn't hold my attentionAs some others have noted, hard to give a thumbs up or down on this one.  It has some good elements, but has some very obvious bugs, like the level 1 trap skill deciding not to activate, even with swarms of enemies standing on it.  It is really bad when the first skill you get in the game, has a bug.Most mobs are easily dispatched, but I find the healing/caster mobs annoying.  It seems their full hp heal has no cool down or a very low one.  It becomes a bit challenging, on the higher difficulties, if you ever get two of these together, as they will just spam heal each other.Character development is a bit too bland, you don't get xp points for killing enemies or performing quests, instead you get stat points for performing missions.  Skills are unlocked when you have x stat points allocated."
,Not Recommended,314560,18866229,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Stromsky ツ,"First impression: Interesting game, nice graphics.But after some battles I got frustrated. You got a party up to 6 people and each of them have 2 skills + a bonus skill which means a lot of micro-management (which would be okay since you can pause the game, at least for a short time) but they don't even auto-attack the enemy! My archer died because he was just standing there looking into the sky while 2 people shot him to death. It seems you also got to tell him to attack someone after you use a skill like heal. It also seems that the game was not 100% translated into german since there are still a lot of english words in the game(feels weird). ""Lifevial"" ""Shell"" ""Icepillar"".I'm still impressed - i read that it was created by 2 people and it has some awesome mechanics and an interesting world, but the combat-gameplay ruined the game for me."
76561197963641457,Not Recommended,314560,19058719,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,DrStein,"Kyn is a unique isometric ARPG, which offers linear missions and slow-mo tactical combat. Skills/abilities are limited to two per class plus an additional based off items. Tangrin based in the Netherlands is essentially a two-man operation. These creators definitely show their love for RPG's and game development but lacked the necessary broad stroke. Kyn suffers in a few areas. That isn't to say it's a bad game. It just could've been more.The Good:Visuals mixed with an exciting soundtrack.Inventive re-working of a tactical combat system.Level design and interactive puzzles.Challenging gameplay experience.The Bad:Camera controls that feel lacking.UI which feels generic.Skills/Abilities which are not expansive.Underdeveloped NPC interactions.The Ugly:Storyline, with the dialogue. It's extremely bland and is underwritten.Extremely underwhelming animations.AI tracking system for mobs.Character customization and item customization.Overall, Kyn is a decent ARPG. You'll have fun with it, if you're into the genre. The character customization could have been better. Yes, you can craft and ingredients drop from everything but it just had a bland approach. The three skill tree have 80 or so skills all together. Certain skills are more powerful than others and it really didn't feel balanced nor synergized. I will give it a recommendation if you're looking for a tactical ARPG. There are much better options for the $19.99 price tag on the market. Giving it a 6.5/10 score."
76561198034430113,Not Recommended,314560,18983026,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Thornaxe,"Others have compared this game to the first two dungeon siege games. I would do the same, except i enjoyed those games.This game is brutally repetitive. There are no tactics since you cant effectively pause the game. The slow motion is less than useful, you have time to assess the situation and issue one or two commands if you're lucky. This goes down if you're actually in a large battle with 6 party members and 15 monsters. The most effective ""tactic"" ive found is to just bumrush one monster after another and burn them down sequentially with autoattacks...no abilities, nothing else.The abilities are very poor compared to your characters auto attacks once you get them decent weaponry. Those are the ones you get to choose when to use. The ""feed"" skills claim to pair 9 gems with abilities. There are only 1/3 of the combinations implied by t he game, as 3 gems work with each of the 3 skill trees, and there is no overlap. I.E. the life gem ONLY works on feed skills in the mind tree. With all this complicated nonsense of charging up an ability, the results should be pretty spectacular right? Nope, they feel just like another ability (underwhelming at best); one that you cant count on in a pinch. As a result i ended up ignoring the feed skills entirely.Missions are ok i suppose. I didnt finish the game TBH. I stopped on account of my blood pressure on the WORST escort mission of any game i've ever played. Getting 5 civilians through a gauntlet of rotating turrets that will 1shot them is unpleasant to say the least. Coupled with a very clunky reload system when you ♥♥♥♥ up, it makes it downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Gear is completely centered around crafting. Beyond the first mission you'll never equip anything you find. Its vendor trash to fuel buying components to craft your own gear. Chasing down random chests in the wilderness for component loot is fun at least, but I do wish the giant purple boss guy would drop something good enough that i'd consider wearing it.All in all i cant say i recommend the game. Certainly not at list price. I paid 5 bucks, so i wasnt out too bad. Might be a title worth picking up on super sale, however."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,314560,26297559,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Redeemed,"The game fails because it tries to be real-time role-playing game where you manage several characters.  Typically this is done with time-freeze that allows you to freeze the action to plan your characters individual actions.  Kyn does this, but limits it to a very small amount of time.  Once that runs our it is just a mad click-fest hoping your characters finish off the enemy before they die.  Really nice visuals - unfortunately you spend most of the time watching your character's health bars instead of watching the game itself."
76561198057809284,Not Recommended,314560,18923009,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,"Recommended : NotReasons :- many bugs- severe bad UI to manage 6 heroes team (you have to select individual each heroes with 1...6 keys, activate individualy their skills and checking individualy their cooldown anytime to see if you can activate again their skills. Slow motion system is badest than Infinity Engine from Baldur Gate Series.- xp rewarding only when you return quest- bad camera systemKyn require to full planning actions manager when total pause to fight safely in real time. Slow motion is only pure joke.This is Pain to Play game because severe bad UI to fight in real time with your 6 heroes team.Play it only if your fingers like too much playing game like they play piano."
,Recommended,314560,17350871,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Sigmundbalmung,"Kyn reminds me of the first Dungeon Siege. A dungeon crawler with no set class system that focuses on exploring.Instead of a vast open world we are given a central hub and go adventuring on missions. I'm not too fond of this system but the devs definitely make it work for this game.The art style is interesting and reminds me of Torchlight. It is a bit cartoony but the colorful enviroments and art style flows well with the feel of the game.Apparently this game has multiple endings which offer replayability. I've played for 3 hours upon writing this review and I'm still at the very beginning. Each mission is an entire map of it's own and can take up to an hour or so to completely explore it. The devs must have known that dungeon explorers like me have OCD when it comes to exploring.The battle system is real-time with a slowmo feature instead of completely pausing the game. This feature is surprisingly better than just pausing and unpausing the game to make quick tactical decision.I was looking for a dungeon crawler similar to Diablo, POE, and etc but what I found was a magnificient gem."
,Not Recommended,314560,24737534,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,aVe,"I can't explain why, after 15 minutes of play, the game has a serious logic issue : ""neutral"" enemies attack you, but your party won't attack them back (and die due to stupidity and lack of survival instinct). This doesn't make sense in an ""party-arpg"" style of game. Maybe there's a special option or button or maneuver somewhere but the game wasn't ""kind enough"" to show it to me, so I uninstalled the game."
,Not Recommended,314560,25141354,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Last Caress,"Played through the first stages and couldn't slog through the rest.It's not a terrible game, but it's nothing special. Definition of run-of-the-mill. Bad camera(even with the newer rotate feature), boring combat, non-existent story, annoying UI. Often characters just stop auto attacking and die or just stand there. Just not great.If you've never played a game of it's kind EVER before, you may enjoy it. Other than that, you'll know this is mediocrity."
,Not Recommended,314560,26593514,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zig,"There was a mission where you had to escort 5 squishy villagers through a map full of unclearable mines and undestroyable rapid-fire towers. If any of the villagers died, the mission immediately ended.One of the first abilities you get in the game allows you to resurrect people from death. But you can't use it on the villagers."
,Recommended,314560,17277823,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Further Update: (July 31st 2015)So mouse lock stops working if you alt tab. Not a huge thing, but an option to turn it on/off in the menu might be nice... which brings me to the rest of my review so far after having played a bit moreNone of these things would prevent me from playing or recommending the game, however, they are things that I feel should be fixed in a patch.1. You cant change settings for the game except at the title screen menu. Again, this is 2015. Game options should be available at ANY time in the game. If something requires a restart, a prompt saying ""Changes wont take effect until the game is restarted"" is fine.2. There are many things in the game that your character has to stand directly on in order to interact with it. This is nearly impossible to do if you have all your characters selected, as none of them will move directly to where you click with the mouse. This is silly since even when all your characters are selected, there is still ONE main character highlighted. That character should always move to where you click, which would eliminate this issue3. There are numerous times, often after telling your character to use a skill, that they will just stop all combat. This seemed to happen more often with a character using a ranged weapon. Select the character, click the skill to use, and then that character will just stand there. Kind of frustrating, especially when playing on harder modes where every attack and second counts.4. Your first quest reward is a bow that is identical to the bow (in stats) you already have. Loot, at least in the first part of the game, is just as underwhelming and unexciting as this too.5. Im sure this has been mentioned, but the camera feels like it should rotate... I know it doesnt, but it just feels like it should. There are plenty of times when things obscure your characters from view (despite some objects fading out) that make viewing the game kind of a pain.6. While I enjoy the hidden areas with treasure that you have to find, there are a LOT more areas that look like you should be able to walk to, but cant. This shoves the ""invisible wall"" aspect in your face a bit more than Id prefer.7. The game has no tutorial... at all. Not a huge deal for an experience rpg player or gamer, but it could be a big turn off for people new to the genre. Especially given the games somewhat more in depth and complex systems (such as the feedstones).Again, these issues dont make me want to stop playing, however, I feel its only fair to make them known to those who might be interested in the game. All of these things can be improved upon by the devs too. Time will tell. Aside from that, the game is very unique and kinda charming in its own way. Its in depth enough to keep me mentally engaged but also light weight enough to not make me feel like I have to invest tons of time into it in order to play through it.-----------------------------------------------Big Update: (July 30 2015)The devs have been extremely responsive and quick to acknowledge the things I listed. They have managed to patch the game enabling both Vsync and Mouse Lock in just a couple days time.That is pretty freaking awesome.In my limited time, ive jumped in to test out these technical improvements and am quite happy with them. The vsync works great (also helping keep the GPU temps at a more reasonable level), and the mouse lock works as expected. Big thumbs up to the developers.I can no longer suggest not getting this game for any technical reasons. It runs great, looks great, and has some hard working devs supporting it. Havent spent enough time yet to say if the actual gameplay/story line is well done yet, but from the 30 min or so ive played, im enjoying it and it seems like a solid game so far.Still hoping they add a few more graphical options to control some of the more advanced rendering features though, but this in no way keeps me from playing or from suggesting that you dont get the game.Wish more game devs were like this, and I dont regret supporting their game after they have shown how dedicated they are not just to the game, but to the people who bought it.----------------------------------------(old review - pre patch)Cant recommend this game in its current technical state. Just my personal gripes when developers do these sort of things. Its 2015, its not something we should see in games.1. The video settings are very limited. You dont have control over anything more than resolution, Bloom and if SSAO and AA are on/off. The games default AA is AWFUL. Not only does it not really work, its blurs the visuals BADLY.2. The game is missing a vsync options, and doesnt vsync even with it forced to on in the nvidia driver settings. I bring this up because firstly, I HATE screen tearing and feel 60 FPS is more than enough for a game to run at, and Secondly, when vsync isnt on, the game runs at a much much higher framerate, causing the GPU to run at 100%. No reason for this. AND it puts wear and tear on my GPU that I could care less for. No, my card isnt going to melt, but if witcher 3 runs at 65C, this game (which is visually less stunning), shouldnt be running at 80C. This is my personal upkeep preference, I know many others are like, ""Your card is FINE at 90C, its meant to run hot, dont worry about it"". Yay for you, I still want a VSYNC option.3. The game uses the mouse (screen panning) to move the view around. In full screen, the mouse isnt locked to the screen, so if you have more than 1 monitor, you will find your mouse pointer constantly moving to the second screen when attempting to pan around. Very frustrating.4. The games dialog (typed) progresses forward rather than you getting an option to read it and click continue. No, its not super fast, but its easy to miss something if you happen to be doing anything other than focusing on the game. Id love for there to be an option like nearly ALL games in the past that used typed dialog, to simply ""click to continue"" to the next bit of text.The first 3 things are all things that annoy me enough to not want to play the game in its current state, and thus, I cant recommend this game. If you dont have issues with them, then take what Ive said with a grain of salt. Once and IF the devs address these short commings, ill revise this review."
,Recommended,314560,17428365,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Styyg,"SO, Kyn.It's a good introduction to the party RPG. Combat is gratifying and easy, Like Diablo but also has more management involved. Characters only have 2 skills and one feed skill, so if you're not brilliant at micromanaging everyone at the same time you don't have too much to wrap youself around.Item stats in the game are really straightforward with an easy to read UI. The game does involve crafting, but don't let it be too daunting, All of the materials can be purchased in town with the rarer ones costing upwards of 4k - 8k gold. There is a very large variation when it comes to weapon and armour skins, which is always nice, Being able to change the colour of your armour at any point is also really good.Now the only gripes I have with this game. Most of the skills seem rather worthless, There are alot of skills that achieve the same goal but just in different less efficient ways. Most of the first tier spells are often the best spells, The taunt for Body users is ridiculously good.I wish there was more customisation to do with your actual characters, I understand that there are characters that are involved with the story and it does bring a better all round storytelling experience, But since the characters don't have any voices (Yet ?) I don't see how conversation couldn't be as simple as just changing names and certain situational quotes. I also feel like you gather your full party at a rather slow speed. At around the halfway point of the game you still only have about 4 - 5 members out of the full 6.So here's my rundown.Pros:-Easy introduction to the Genre-Nice micromanagement-Good stats system-Nice crafting-Good variation in items-Nice UI-Enjoyable story with likeable charactersCons:-Skills feel lacking at later tiers-Feel slightly detached from the characters-Slow progression which feel monotonous at timeSo all in all, the game is very enjoyable and is quite cheap for the content it offers. The development team are also really active and helpful to anyone who has issues adn they are not afraid to add major game changers like the Rotating camera. Enjoyable game. Had fun playing it. 10/10 would buy a sequel."
76561198033836833,Recommended,314560,18033294,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Corrupted Bunny,"It would be nice if I wasn't fighting the camera all the time. Besides that, this feels like a fairly limited Dungeon siege/Diablo/Titan Quest.Nothing too special here from what I have seen so far. Still, considering that this is a two man project, it would not be fair to have high expectations."
76561198008423537,Recommended,314560,17398545,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,dugalm,"I just finished this game! I admit I played at the easy mode but it was fun. I learned how to use the tools and, when it is realeased on the MAC, I will certainly play it again on a more difficult level. It took me 24 hours to finished this game and I feel that, at about a dollar an hour, it is well worth the game! The graphics are beautiful (reminds me of a game I really love, TITAN QUEST). There is a lot to pick up and I did not spend 1 gold to buy anything. Just made a few weapons. Certainly, it is not perfect. I got stuck in staiways a few time, had a hard time seeing behind the large tree or high roof. But the pathfinding is excellent and a lot of original monsters as well as a few good puzzle. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,314560,24953117,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ultima,"+The gameplay is good but...- ...rigid and repetitive+ Quick saving time : 1 frame.- Quick loading time : 30 seconds. (W10, SSD, a true gaming computer)- hard to mastered- a lot of little problems : Pathfinding, exploit, character stuck underground, controls...+ I was positively impressed at the beginning, but after the 6 first chapters (18 missions), it starts to be boring, repetitive, lazy level design. The game could and should be better- Every boss fight is easier than every fight in the mission.- Difficulty is not balanced, (normal too easy, hard is easy but sometime unfair, after hard, it's boring, expectly with 30second loading time.Don't buy this game, go look somewhere else."
,Recommended,314560,17366428,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"I love the Viking theme.Great game with lots of potential, nice graphics too eventhough I'm not a fan of cartoonish art style.However it still feels like this game is still in early access. No chest opening animation (attacking chests to open is silly imo).Buy this game if you really really really love RPGs, otherwise do not, because there is nothing really special about this game.6.5/10"
76561198243442592,Recommended,314560,17820311,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Moon,I like this game but i feel it needs alot to be done yet... the feeling if like playing Divinity: Original sin really kinda slow gameplay with puzzles...The things i would like to see implemented to keep playing:1- Be able to cast more than 2 abilities2- More coloured and detailed interface specially the character panel3- Be able to change keybindings
,Recommended,314560,17281987,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Yoofaloof,"Not a bad game. The soundtrack is the best I've heard in a game for a long time.The only gripes for me so far are the locked camera, graphic settings and the dialogue which you are prone to miss if you aren't paying attention."
76561198017586082,Recommended,314560,24346633,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"A mix between Baldur's Gate and Torchlight 2, this a great tactical real time fantasy strategy role playing game. I haven't put too many hours into yet, but I am starting to really like the team combat, and get a hold of it. A must buy for action RPG fans, and any RPG fan looking for an unique gem of a game. A shout out for using the norse theme, as it realy adds to the flavor of the game. I am about to put some more hours in and I highly recommend it, esspecially for the price! High productino value and incredibly impressive action RPG!"
76561197977683471,Recommended,314560,29352723,Posted: 19 January,all,Zardoz,"Encountered no Bugs or crashes. Had fun. The Game also has an interesting story. 24 Hours for a playthrough isn't that much, but 20 Bucks for the game isn't either ;)"
,Recommended,314560,18945039,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Agrona,"Well, the gameplay seems great so far, just that i am still figuring out how i can revive my fallen team mate. however, the graphics, storyline, controls, battles etc are great. the varieties given in quests/missions are amazing, very interesting and interactive as well.just a little tiny thing which i didn't quite like would be that i have to control each character by pressing on different control keys, but would definitely prefer when the whole tam can just move together at one shot.overall, a great game :)"
76561197980896005,Recommended,314560,19181886,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sol,"Been awhile since i touched a game like this, but i don't regret it.It's been fun to play this game so far.It may not be the best game ever, but it has enough going on that it stays interesting for atleast 5 hours into the game (how far i have come at the point of this review.)The story is ok,the graphics are good,the combat is fun but not exactly hard (if you want a challenge the higher difficulties may be your thing),The crafting / loot etc is good.I haven't encountered any bugs and the only thing that annoyed me was that the load time was horrid on best graphics. (so i changed it to fastest, and it loads up in 10 seconds)So all in all it's a solid 7/10,which means: If you like these kinds of games, you shouldn't regret getting this.Just don't expect an epic game."
76561197962475008,Recommended,314560,26319253,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AARRRGGGG,"This a fun and unique top down RPG. The graphics crisp and entertaining, gameplay is very smooth and quick to learn. Worth the download for sure."
,Recommended,314560,18992069,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ArtesQ,"What attracted me about this game is that the screenshots looked really good. Without even consulting the ""About"" I made the decision to buy this game.At first glance the game seems well designed with nice art and fairly descent sized maps. Starting the game and getting used to the controls needs some practice. So be certain to look through all the controls before you starting playing.You start of with two characters which both can control together or seperatly, which is tottaly new to me. Atleast in this kind of game. So this can be of a struggle from time to time.Environment:What i've encountered so far the world looks good and well designed but if you look more closely you find some minor flaws ( yes i'm getting very nitpicky here), the ground clutter could use some more variation, at some places in the world you will find areas where the ground clutter is practilly the same all over. At some times this seems very unnatural.Second, the finishing of some objects for instance, rock staircases, instead of putting edges on them they covered it with rocks and boulders which is a shame, cause the textures of the game seem really good, I rather would've seen some more time spend into designing such stuff.Further more it seems pretty well designed and even though they've used low poly trees, they made it work really well. And if you don't look the the enviroment to well you wont even notice the points noted above.Gameplay:You start of with two character you can both control at the same time or individually. Which may need some practice but  you'll get the hang of it after a while. You control what to make of your characters, either make them a healer, archer or warrior. In the begging you can choose between 9 spells ( 3 for healer, 3 for archer and 3 for warrior). You can pick what kind of spells your character can use. With leveling up you can also choose how to strengthen you character, do you want your character to have more health and attack, choose body, and etc. Points awarded for each skill like body can be reassigned again if you want to, for example, your character to be an archer. You hold the power to do so.  While traveling through the land of Kyn, you will find many enemies to 'hack and slash'. Colors above their body suggests how strong they are. For example grey = weak, red is bit stronger and so on. Whilst roaming you will find UPC who will need help. Here you find your quests, this ofcourse can be various takst to complete. For finishing quest you will be awared loot or gold. Also, before I forget to mention it, mobs will also drop loot. The stronger the mob, the better the loot.Throughout playing the game you will find puzzles you will have to complete with the help of both characters. Sometimes you have to control your characters seperatly to finish this puzzle and get further into the storyline of the game. Puzzles are well designed and thought. It may need some practice and brain cramps but you'll get there eventually. Some puzzles are ofcourse harder then other, but still understandable for everyone.Loot:I probably won't have to tell you this. But i'm still going to do so. Loot can come in many form and shapes. Loot can be gold, crafting items, armor and weapons. Weapons and Armour will get better the further you will get into the game. The game uses colour codes for the item. Grey items being the 'weakest' for instance purple are 'stronger' and get extra bonuses such as, +8 damage. This is the same for crafting items, the further you get in the game, the better the items become. And ofcourse you can craft better items with those.Crafting:Havent tried it yet -- so further information will be here soon.But still the basics, the better crafting items you have, the stronger of items you can craft.Controls:In my opinion this could've been designed better. Although you can costumise your own control to make it work a little bit better. With 'A', 'W' and 'E' you control the basic spells of each character. You can switch between them by using the 1 and 2 keys. Haggling between them to keep both character is a little getting used to in the beginning, but you'll get used to it. Or just use 'Tab' to switch between characters. The struggle sometimes is, espescially during a larger fight knowing when you're in control of both characters or not. It's best to know before hand how to properly control both character else you will make it harder for yourself. Where in most games this is second nature, it isnt here.Moving your characters is doing by clicking the right mouse button, instead of holding it and let the characters move to the point of where your mouse is,  you have to click again and again to get your characters where you want. But this can be a personal preference. Up to you to decide which is nicer.Movement of character, whether your character of 10 pixels appart of 100 pixels appart. Whern you move both characters at the same time, the distance between them will be kept the same. Which unintentially can cause, that the character you dont want to be in front, will be in the front of the fight. So switching between characters all the time can be a bit frustrating. But maybe is just because im tottaly not used to it, it is new for me.To add to the part of clicking and hold to move, when youre in town apperently this function excist by using your left mouse button, but when youre out in the field. The function doesn't seem to excist. Bit weird?, but oke.In conclusion, the game seems really well made and thought of , world can be designed a little bit better ( but this not of a big deal at all). The fighting against mobs seems good, occassionally your character can get stuck between them. But as long you can control your characters well it doesnt seem to be a haggle. The game could need some little bit of polishing but the base seems really firm. Defently worth a try.PS.Forgot about talking about the ""Slow Time"" button which can be used in fight to help you assist in placing your characters in the fight. Which can come in very usefull if your character are in low health and you need some quick healing to be done."
,Not Recommended,314560,18972745,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,JMK,I played about 12 minutes during which the game:-Got stuck on a loading screen-Switched multiple times to windowed mode for no apparent reason-Didn't save any changes made to audio levels in the options-Had incredibly bad framerate-Was obtuse and uninformative
,Recommended,314560,17330934,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,"I am a believer of giving credit where credit is due, firstly this mainly 2 person dev team did an amazing job with visuals,music and loactions, It really shows what passionate people can do. I dont believe in praising graphics when the game is mind numbing boring which isnt the case with Kyn.Commanding a 2 man team and at some point a 6 man team may seem difficult at 1st but once you adjust to it you will pull of some really amazing wins. Its a mix of diablo hordes (all enemies are beautifully done) and orignal Dugeon siege (Not the god awful Dugeon siege 3). For the most part combat flows, instead of pausing you have a slow motion meter to issue commands, it would have been nice to be giving a pause or slow mo option but i can see what the dev's were trying to do. The ai isnt the best and regulary my melee guys would run after enemies in the opposite direction and unless you issue commands they will stand while being owned by the enemy horde of the moment.BUT these are small complaints on a very soild foundation, the dev's are ACTUALLY listening to the buyers and patching the game regulary. You may get about 15-25 hours depending on difficulty, exploration and side quests. For only 20 Dollars its a steal. I would highly recommand it to anyone interested in this genre."
76561197983239144,Not Recommended,314560,18923583,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Lurker,"I can't in any good conscience recommend this game, though it pains me to say it.  I wanted it to be good.The best measuring stick against an isometric dungeon crawler like this is classic Dungeon Siege (2002).  However, I'm sorry to have to say that Dunegon Siege, while being thirteen years old at this point, is still by far the better experience.Rather than go into a lengthy pseudo-professional game review, I'll just gloss over the worst points of this game:The narrative is pretty messy.  What little narrative there is, anyway.  Admittedly, one does not enter into a game such as Kyn or Dungeon Siege looking for fantastic narrative.  But what Kyn offers is justterrible.The GUI is very un-intuitive and sloppy.  Plenty of functions or features are not visible on the base screen by default.  By this I mean that you cannot, for example, order your caster to heal while also ordering your front-liner to use his wave attack, because the caster's skills only show up on your screen while you are micro-managing him, which you can't do while you are micro-managing your front-liner.  And you can't pause the game to go back and forth between characters to issue commands (see below).On the whole, the game is poorly optimized and doens't flow smoothly.  It feels like a small dev team built it in somebody's basement.  The menus and in-game prompts aren't very obvious or smooth, as one should rightfully expect.Basic functions such as Party Formation, Party UI, Party AI, and Pause Game are entirely overlooked.  If any of these functions exist in the game, they were not easy to find and/or use.  After nearly every battle, my party members were scattered around, and short of me manually putting them into formation, they would remain in their scattered state as I ordered them to move on.  This made it very difficult to proceed through tight areas or to be ready for the next encounter.Whereas in Dungeon Siege you could pause the game with Spacebar, in Kyn you are restricted to 'slowing down time' for a short duration.  A blue meter ticks down rapidly while the monsters continue to bear down on your dying front-liner.  This 'feature' feels like a failed gimmick meant to replace the Pause Game feature with something with more flavor.  It doens't.The graphics are poor, overall.  Granted, with most isometric RPGs you don't expect much when you look closely.  But with Kyn, you are constantly being bombarded with very dated and ugly rendering.If you are looking for an isomentric, dungeon-crawling RPG, just get Dungeon Siege.  You can get it on Steam by purchasing the Dungeon Siege III package, which comes with a free copy of DS I and II."
76561198211268996,Recommended,314560,17290730,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,erick_k_wilson,"Alright so I first want to say I miss games being made like this. So far the game is great, yes there are bugs and small issues. Every game has them at first, for 2 people starting off making this game.....amazing! I still havent worked out crafting yet. I dont know how to do it. The armor upgrades are great and look cool. If I had free time more often I would sit and play this all day. Makes me want to get Pillars of Eternity. GO BUY THIS if you like RPGs"
76561198040628088,Not Recommended,314560,19741063,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,jonbeckmon,"I've played a lot of Role Playing games over my lifetime from Ultima, Phantasie Series, orginal gold Box Series of Dungeons and Dragons, Pillars of Eternity, Divinity Original Sin, Dungeons Siege 1 and 2 and part of 3, Lords of Xulima and the list goes on and on.Kyn is not a very good Role Playing game.  I've seen it compared to Dungeon Siege 1 and 2 and to say it's their successor but it isn't even close.  I'm on mission 4 and you only have 2 Characters that are customizable at that stage and not a complete party.  You get Random guys to join you on certain missions but they just leave at the end of the mission.Some of the problems with this game is you mostly only get crafting materials from Treasure Chests instead of Items so you have to buy all of your equipment.  Number 2 the characters you have already have their own names you can't name your characters and ""create"" your own party.  Also Characters are not very customizable at all.  The only stats they haveare Control , Body and Mind and you put all of your points that you gain each level into those 3 stats.  There is not a long list of stats to put your ability points into.  There is only overland adventure also, no dungeons, nothing underground to explore, you can't enter into any buildings, open doors , etc.  All of the loot seems to be in treasure chests and you just bash them open.  No lockpicking ability nothing.  Also the game is very very linear.  All of the maps have very narrow corridors that you explore so you can't just explore everywhere on the map to see what is out there.  You can only explore in the very narrow window of the map.  Also talking to villagers is generally worthless.  You can click on talk to them over and over again and they will say the same thing over and over again and most of them just say the same thing the other villagers do.  In Divinity you can get quests from all kinds of villagers not just ones with a question mark over them like this game.  And you can actually communicate with them.  In this one all of the guards and general villagers are generic and don't really do anything for the ""Role Playing"" aspect of the game.  I totally disagree with the other review that says these are comparable to Dungeon Siege 1 and 2.  They are not at all.  Those are really good games.  I do agree with him that Dungeon Siege 3 is a joke because they totally ruined that game.  Interacting with most villagers in this game changes nothing in the game and you learn very little information as they are so generic.  If the bug I've encountered in Greenport gets fixed then I may finish this game as I have nothing better to do right now but it's not a very good game.  Pick up one of the newer titles if you want a good Role Playing game like Pillars of Eternity, Divinity Original Sin, Lords of Xulima (Which I didn't think was that great at first but it grew on me) or go old school and get Dungeon Siege 1 and 2 or really old school and find a computer that can still play the original Gold Box Series of Dungeon and Dragons Role Playing games.  I would pass on Kyn though."
76561198053320112,Recommended,314560,17541556,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,snakey296,"i felt a missionin this game was impossible even on the so called casual setting , the mission to rescue the villagers is so rediculously overwhelming with monsters   that are seriously overpowered  that you dont stand a chance in hell to complete it,even the wolves at the begining of the map are op with their pin attack which can basically have you on the floor for  8 minuites while you attempt to be able to hit them back, this is not a casual setting , get your game tested by real players and not your  team before  releasing it , i was enjoying playing until this  mission  and hadnt found the difficulty of any of the other missions  to be hard at all  which  i was commenting to a friend  that it was nice  to see a game getting it right ,  i take it back on that mission, it needs  some serious attention you cant send  8 big guys and 4 mages and  6 skellys in 1 waveof mobs to 2 weedy lvl 2 heroes 2 extra  heroes that when killed permadie and a  bunch of pathetic   npcs scattered  widely around the place,PS... after having a chat with the devs , and given them an understanding of  what is expected in a casual mode they will be working on the difficultys   and as that was what i had a problem with  i feel  that they are going to resolve those issues  so i have changed my reccomendation to a yes"
76561198012388063,Recommended,314560,18915257,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,emontyj,"If you enjoyed dragon age origins, this is just as good. The difference is kyn is not story driven nor does character development matter. Instead, kyn focuses on combat tactics and allows you to respec after every battle. It is a far more challenging and engaging experience in terms of combat and as such has far more replayability. Think of kyn as a tactical party based Diablo. I love this genre but there hasnt been anything memorable since dungeon siege 2 and dragon age: origins. 10/10 for being what i have been searching for, i play on legendary difficulty. Thank you for making this game, keep it patched as frequently as you can 😀"
76561198043731306,Recommended,314560,18885993,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Koomdiputs,"I am very torn. I wanted it to be more than it is. Here are a few things I don't like.  The UI is very very touchy. They throw you right into the mix with a ""good luck"" and a prayer. The leveling system seems a bit off. The AI is pretty horrible.But all this being said, I am still playing it. I hoping that maybe it is just me and that I'll be surprised a few days in. I would buy it again, while on sale. Full price seems a bit high."
76561198013622319,Recommended,314560,18905402,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ishKiia,"I  love this!  It's old school and doesn't hold your hand.  quite a challenge yet you can pick from 1 of 5 difficulties.   I've played it just a few hours and i'm hooked. puzzles, story, etc.  it's older school so the controls are archaic.. that they could improve on. However, I would recommend you look into the keybinds and see what does what.  in addition go into game settings and turn on rotate camera.  really love this game and I'm sure because the controls are older style, I mean like really old style it doesn't get as much hype as it should.  the game is deeper than it looks on first glance. totally worth it.  I got it on sale, so that is even better!"
76561198154355650,Recommended,314560,19451313,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cujo,"This game is ok.  Nice graphics, an ok story, good sound.  UI is a little wonky and might take some time getting use to but doesn't hamper gameplay that much.  Lots of loot-both item and crafting loot.    Linear gameplay in that you play mission by mission and then report back to town.  Each character gets to equip up to 2 special skills and one power skill.   You can respec your skills on the fly which may help you win battles against certain enemies. You can pause the battles, but it is more of a timed slow motion mode which quickly elapses and goes back to real time.Can be a little repetitive, but then again most games are.I picked it up on sale for about $5 out of curiosity, and I was somewhat impressed.  Getting my moneys worth.  Not so sure I would want to pay full price though."
76561197973801195,Recommended,314560,23861198,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[Acumen] CaptN3mo,"A review by CaptN3moThe game:Kynis an Action-Roleplaying-Game (ARPG) set in a Viking themed world. It has everything the roleplaying fan could expect and then some more:different characters to play (hint: not to choose but provided via the story)you control more than one character at a time. Team-based combata story with a lot of different places to explore and people to meetloot (different kinds and rarities, no sets or unique as far as the first quests go though)crafting of items ( a lot of materials and useful items can be crafted!)a loot/skill combination based special skill for every character (nice feature, powerful too)a slow-time feature (meter based, regenerates over time) to make it easier to survive especially complex/chaotic/tough combat situations betterWhat you get from the developers (TangrinEntertainment) is a solid ARPG experience in terms of story (nothing too fancy nor too bland – it is more of an appreciative nod in the general direction of ARPGS with a humorous approach), in terms of developing or building your characters (you get a lot of different skills and items to equip your characters with) and in terms of quests (main and side quests) and items (looting, treasure chests, crafting).What you also get are some features that are non-standard ARPG stuff. You get the slow-time function to issue orders for your different characters in battle. Though it is no infinite slow-motion nor is it a pause. The game can be slowed for about 20 seconds before you need to let the slow-meter fill up again.  There are also puzzles in this game, not too hard, not too easy.Between quests which take place in different parts of the games world you always return to your hometown to shop, craft, talk, get new quests and more story background, get special assignments and take your time to experiment with new skillsets and equipment.It is a solid game with some proven mechanics and some experimental ones.Look and feel and sound:Sadly there is no voice over for the substantial amount of dialogue you get. Visually the game is good-looking. The character and enemy models are done quite well. The models in the character and inventory screen seem a bit clunky, but you can see every equipment change on the character. The places you explore seem alive with plants and animals, different climate. The music is very well done, outstanding really if compared to other titles in the genre.Short Trailer by TangrinEntertainment:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVvEMdioBLYCaptains Orders:If you like ARPGs and could enjoy some fresh features in a unique setting, KYN is definitely worth your time.----Short Version:- no voice over- managing all characters can become difficult during short slow motion phase- no unique loot+ look and sound+ managing all you characters in slow motion can be awesome+ Skillsystem+ Crafting makes sense+ no unique loot"
,Not Recommended,314560,17483586,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Izzatso?,"Shallow Gameplay, Boring and Linear as Hell.Dialogs from 50s Comic BooksBugs, Bugs & BugsAt best a Early Access Game.... in early Beta.!!!Hooray for Steam Refund!!!"
76561198052399320,Recommended,314560,23638269,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ffreak87,It's like Dungeon Siege with a sprinkle of Titan Quest and a dash of crafting.
76561197983301475,Recommended,314560,17404965,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"A great dungeon crawling game, in the Dungeon Siege flavour.A breath of fresh air in comparison to lots of Dungeon RTS type games of late."
,Not Recommended,314560,18946125,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,I bought it at 75% off ^ it's the First game I will be asking for a refund on
,Not Recommended,314560,17459976,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Chappy,Storyline is janky.Dialogue sucks.Gameplay is meh.Not worth twenty bucks.
76561198023223019,Not Recommended,314560,32711994,Posted: 23 June,all,Goldfinger,"Game is riddled with bugs, for example switching from windowed mode (default setting for some reason) to fullscreen the UI breaks and does not rescale to fullscreen.The gameplay is generic, dialog is poor,  Combat is boring, animations are poor.Not worth your time avoid."
76561198121718704,Not Recommended,314560,30078586,Posted: 21 February,all,Jabobomb,"I am somewhat happy with this game, but there is one thing that really ticks me off about this game. The settings of audio revert to the default at every new chapter/return to town or every new load of saves. This is really annoying for people in my setting. Please fix this.But the game itself i would say yes to - but for this annoying bug i have to say no."
,Recommended,314560,17279898,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,morts_21,"Good game for a first day, it require a bit of work on the camera & bugs."
,Not Recommended,314560,19982346,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,YaBoyGvcci,- Very Bad Controls- Doesnt run very well- Moving is jittery when clikcing multiple times-terrable diablo ripoff-seems to have no class systemWould not reccomend this game just invest in diablo or somthing of the sort
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,314560,22983113,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Layla,lack of updates makes me hate it
,Not Recommended,314560,33512300,Posted: 13 July,all,Blaze,Didn't like it.
,Recommended,314560,17279669,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Countyzz. III,Good.Edit: Since 5% people found this interesting i will write my full review' This game is good ' - IGN
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,314560,32722012,Posted: 24 June,all,pvinnitsky,"not interesting, not well designed."
76561197992078088,Recommended,314560,17274585,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Artillery Horse,"4K beautiful, mouse and keyboard great..."
,Recommended,314560,17275394,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Tirent_TV,Meh
,Not Recommended,314560,19510194,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,reedmilfam,"It's not terrible. I do not like the way the camera jumps from character to character and there doesn't seem to be a way to reset that. It's not really like an ARPG as much as a quick baldur's gate style fight. My not recommended has to do with the fact that nothing pulled me into the game, I didn't care for the comic-like graphics, and the way the screen jumps when you select different characters."
