user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314660,14659431,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dark Master,"Let me start by saying that I'm a huge fan of the original two Abe titles. I'm also a game developer, and Abe's Oddysee was what got me into game development in the first place, it was such a masterpiece that it inspired me to tell my own stories...Fast forward 18 years and New'n'Tasty is here. It is shocking to see that this game is not only still amazing, its message is also still relevant and its gameplay is fresh. Everything from atmosphere to voice acting to graphics just.... works. It's really rare that you enter a game and when the company logos display, you already know you're playing a masterpiece, the feeling of Oddworld is definitely there from the start.If you're a fan of the original, or ever thought of entering Oddworld, buy this now, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,314660,14661691,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"""Hello.""""Hello.""""Follow me.""""Ok.""9/10."
,Recommended,314660,14665734,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/jovelzad0,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is an amazing game.Like many people out there, I loveOddworld, especiallyOddworld: Abe's OddyseeandOddworld: Abe's Exoddus.I played the hell out of those two games, either on my PlayStation or on my PC, and sometimes I still go back and play them all over again from scratch.Having heard of the making ofNew 'n' Tasty, and having now bought and played the game, I can confirm that this is a title you don't wanna miss out on.To fans:If you're a fan of the series, this is, at the same time a very similar and yet very different experience comparing toOddysee.The areas are pretty much the same, some new and/or different ways to solve the puzzles.This game, instead of having to save 99 Mudokons, now you have 299 awaiting your arrival, in order to get saved, although a lot of them are placed on old areas where you had (let's say) 3 Mudokons to save in the original, this one might have like 6 or 7. Oh, and you can now call groups of Mudokons like you did back inExoddus, so no more backtracking! Yay!The controls aren't what they used to be, you now have 2 types of controls which you can change according to your liking. You still might do some undesirable actions and die, but that's only in the beginning. Give it time and you'll get used to it!The cutscenes are pretty much all the same, apart from a selected few that got a few changes, and some new ones!The soundtrack is great, it takes the old players back with the amazing themes from 1997, but this time with improved audio quality.To new players:If you'renew 'n'about totaste(y)a slice of this game, get ready to enjoy one of the best remakes of all time.New 'n' Tastyis a 2,5D side scroller filled with puzzles and different kinds of enemies to deal with, while trying to escape the evil meat processing plant,RuptureFarms, and at the same time rescuing all your comrades, the Mudokons, who are slaves to this awful place. All of this with a taste of comedy in the middle to break the tension every now and then! :)With amazing and colourful visuals, you have a lot to see and a lot of gorgeous locations to visit and be amazed, in Oddworld!To all:The framerate is very stable, my graphics card is pretty old but still managed to run the game without any issue whatsoever.I got no graphical glitches or artifacts, the game froze once but it was on startup and didn't harm the saved game.Alt+Tab no problem.Ragdolls!A couple engine glitches, but nothing game breaking or serious. It was actually funny!Some issues when trying to go past the fast grinding meat machines.Quicksave/Quickload system very accessible!Online leaderboards (Saved Mudokons and clearing speed).DLC's:Alf's Escape is a 1 hour (average time) campaign, where you must rescue Alf through a couple of sections. Great fun, good puzzles, worth the pricetag!Scrub Abe Costume is basically a skin for Abe, not that special but it's up to you if you want it or not. It is there nonetheless.I now hope to see a remastered version forExoddus, and if it's as good or better than this one, count me in!Overall, this is avery good titlewhich didn't let me down, I loved theoriginaland I love this one. You don't need to play the first one, but if you're a veteran I know you will, just as will I."
,Recommended,314660,17882169,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"Everybody talks about their Final Fantasies and Metal Gear Solids and what have you, but the game that pretty much defined the Playstation for me was Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. That game was ♥♥♥♥ing weird and terrifying and brutal and it looked like absolutely nothing else, like a hallucination inspired from the pages of the Codex Seraphinianus. The original is a classic for a younger age, but it's almost impossible to go back to because it looks so damn ugly in low resolution. But thank Christ for Oddworld: New N' Tasty, because it's a really wonderful reimagining of the classic.For the purists: New 'n Tasty is a reimagining of the original, and it's about 90% as good. The technology used by the original developers is pretty much out of reach with the budget that Oddworld Industries used to have (they used to be funded by GT Interactive, they are their own boss now), so everything's been reconstructed in an entirely different engine, which takes away a bunch of the charm of the original. A bunch of the hallmarks that the original had are gone (R.I.P., Original Scrab Scream), and sometimes the audio triggers don't work all that well... it's not a perfect game, but by God, it's Abe's Oddysee in the flesh, occasionally stumbling over a mark or hitting a flat note, but it's still a goddamn good game. The analog controls take getting used to, especially for devoted fans of the original who will need to retrain in order to successfully re-navigate deadly traps (or, if you're lazy and impatient like me, just press the quicksave key and go at that♥♥♥♥♥♥Hotline Miami style).All of what I just said is minor infractions in the face of the actual game - it's a very smart, frustrating puzzler, and believe it or not, it's done entirely in Unity. A lot of the apsects of the game compared to the original are massively improved - all the areas flow seamlessly together, and the game feels like it moves at a quicker pace. Moving around and interacting with things is a lot less sluggish since the tank controls got replaced! And a lot of the puzzles and environments have been redone for modern times computers! It's the best possible version of Abe's Oddysey and it brings a classic back from the dead.For non-purists: Look at it. Just look at it. You play as a green nightmare who teases yellow banana things on robot legs. Then later you run away from monsters that look like hands that have grown legs. If you can't get into that♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't know what the hell is wrong with you. Maybe go back to your G.I. Joes, you flippin' nerd!"
,Recommended,314660,16670515,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SavageBeastZero,"IntroductionOddworld: Abe'sOddysee New and Tastyis the seventh game set in the Oddworld series that has spanned across 20 different platforms to date. The Oddworld universe and the beloved main character Abe's first appearance was on the Sony Playstation in 1997, which released to immense critical acclaim, winning multiple, much deserved game of the year awards and was instantly projected into the rarely achieved elite status as one of the best games ever created. Fast forward 18 years and the initial title Abe's Oddysee graphically speaking didn't age well whatsoever, yet the gameplay of course has still stood the test of time.With that being said, can the newly developed Abe's Oddysee: New and Tasty ressurrect what was once considered a pinnacle of the industry and return the franchise to it's past glory? Can developers Just add water do this with grace, remaining faithful to fans as well as the series roots that built them? Let's take a deeper look into the Oddworld Universe once again and see if Abe's Oddysee is still as endearing as it was all those years ago....OverviewOddworld: Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastyis a reimagining of the 1997 platform/puzzler classic Abe's Oddysee. Here you take the role of Abe, a pleasantly delightful award winning janitor, who discovers his glukkon overlord employers at Rupture Farms, have decided to attempt to increase their profit margins by using your species as the ingredients of their new food products.As Abe, you attempt to escape, while freeing as many of your fellow mudokens as possible, you will encounter an assortment of challenging situations that are each more life threatening than the next. With locals, visually each more awe inspiring than the next, you'd be hard pressed to not be impressed with the care taken in recreating this beloved classic.Developers, Just Add Water have managed to not only recreate the experience many of us grew to love years ago, but have reimagined it by such great lengths that simply calling it a remake is doing it a great injustice. For fans of the original or simply fans of amazing gaming exoperiences, Abe's Oddysee: New and Tasty is one to remember!Story ExperienceMany as well as I, consider the tale of Abe and his oddysee to be heavily influenced by Stanley R. Greenburg's screenplay Soylent Green. Although there are substancial differences between the two, the general principle behind them both are quite similar.In Abe's OddyseeNew and Tasty, you'll establish a relationship with your lovable protagonist within mere minutes, as he walks across the screen happily buffing the floors of his workplace and as he continues down the halls, by chance, he discovers the shocking truth, in regards to, the gukkons plans for the frightening future they have in store for his mudoken race. As you continue your journey, you'll truly want to see Abe to his safety, so he can live to see another day and that is incredibly rare achievement.Gameplay QualityDuring your journey, you will encounter a differing mix of platforming and puzzles both of which are excecuted to perfection. I simply can't find anything to gripe about in terms of gameplay and must commend Just Add Water for their skillful recreation.Abe's Oddysee: New and Tasty, like the many other platforming classics that have come before it, shows why this genre during the 80's and 90's was considered the measurement to which all other genres were judged. Precise movements, challenging scenarios and a multitude of other gamplay elements that bring it all together creating a seamless gaming experience. It's exactly these reasons why the platform/puzzler genre is one of the most difficult to successfully design. You must make each gameplay element mesh, unbeknownst to the player, without them ever feeling forced and Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastynails them all without blinking an eye.Graphics and Optimization QualityAbe's Oddysee is something to behold, especially so while being played at high resolutions. The 3D models, environments and well...everything was crafted with care and detail. There's simply not a thing in this universe that isn't a sigt to behold. The art style is ageless, as well as original still to this day. There aren't many worlds that resemble anything close to the Oddworld games and in this day and age of copy/paste to succeed, it's fantastic to know that artistic experiences like these can still exist.In regards to optimization, Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastyruns amazingly smooth and across the three workstations I've tested it on, each experience at their respective resolutions were simply magnificent. A fantastic port, filled with just enough graphics options to make the PC gamer happy. Directly below, in the screenshot, lists the available graphics options.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=468039925Resolutions can be selected up to 4K and can be achieved by systems of moderate hardware resources, all easily at 60fps. Yet even at lower resolutions of sub 1080p, Abe's Oddysee is still a breathtaking experience. So overall, if someone were to complain, they would simply be rustling up problems that don't exist in the games coding. They would lay within your system and not that developers lack the ability or excecution to bring you a successful product, because they did and a grade A experience at that, did they bring you.Sound QualityThis is something that shouldn't be overlooked when judging the Oddworld games, specifically one's with Abe as the protagonist, due to the vocal nature of his gameplay. The sound in New and Tasty adds so much depth to the experience, it simply cannot be overstated. Without Abe's hello's, follow me's, whistles to name a fwe, the game just wouldn't have the same effect.Aside from aiding the character development and gameplay elements, the other sounds in the game add quite a bit of atmosphere, making you feel that this world is genuine at every turn. From ambient environment sounds, to the sounds of enemy sligs firing away with their weapons as you evade their attacks, each and every element comes together to create a living breathing world.Replay Value & The Bottom LineAlthough, the Oddworld games aren't known for their replayability due to their linear nature, they are still very much so games that you would revisit from time to time over the years. With that being said Abe's Oddysee: New and Tasty is no different. A classic experience that, once purchased, you have the privilage of re-experiencing again and again throughout the years. Yet, this time I foresee Abe's Oddysee standing the test of time for a much longer duration than the original, due to the immense amount of effort given by Just Add Water. With that being said, it is without a doubt that I beg you to buy Oddworld: Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastyfor your own benefit, because this is a game that truly must be experienced by all.Final Judgement:Add to cart and buy it now at full price!An instant classic, that deserves the full retail price no matter how high. Oddworld: Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastyis a classic amongst, classics. Oddworld: Abe's OddyseeNew and Tastywasn't just a successful reimagining, it was a gaming triumph that has made history once again!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=468039898"
76561198096442939,Recommended,314660,14695741,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Onigami,"I'm one of those who played the original Oddworld's when I was a kid, and avoided past the platformer Abe series. I was skeptical after seeing a video complaining about how 'fast' things moved, and how they didn't pay 'enough' attention to detail, but I had bought it already -- I'm glad I did. This is without a doubt as close to a perfect remake of a game as you can get. They added a few things here and there I thought was a little 'odd', but then again, it's made for modern gamers with pure faith to the classics structure, after so much time into the game, you don't notice them and they do blend in with the creativity of the world. I haven't enjoyed a game on this level in a long time.I can't wait for my kids to get a little older and show them this game and introduce them to another great 'man' named Abe.Also: I use the Xbox 'rock candy' controller to play it, works fine on Windows 7."
,Recommended,314660,32608109,Posted: 20 June,all,Wolfzeit,"Classic game, difficult and very funny. You will want to play it more than once because it is full of secrets and, besides, you can fart."
,Recommended,314660,15108965,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Senno,"Stumbling upon the store page for Oddworld: New ‘n’ Tasty, I bought the game upon a whim. I’d remembered an “odd” series of Playstation platformers and thought to myself, another day, another HD remaster. Anyone could be forgiven for thinking that. For all their care and attention, games are at risk of repeating themselves to an audience whose familiarity with the very subject is the game’s own greatest weakness. It’s a wonderful thing, to see a game rendered so beautifully, and there are many HD remasters which have proven successful and proven that they provide an experience that is richer, deeper, and more satisfying than the original. But dragging the gameplay of yesteryear into the high definition of today begs the question – is that how we used to play? Are games really that different?Oddworld has always been an outlier. Originally developed for PlayStation, Oddworld was both a revelation for its story, GameSpeak and its charming mix of beautiful CG and challenging 2D puzzle-platforming, but how it kept to a gameplay model which had been quickly discarded to create dazzling 3D worlds for gamers to run around in. A year since Super Mario 64 and the well of 2D platformers had just about dried up. Games were easier, and gamers demanded more stunning environments than ever before. The world of Oddworld is a mirror to our own; a satire on capitalism, environmentalism and the natural order. Driven by this theme and not the technology as so many other games were made it a far cry from its competition and a risky proposition for any publisher. If anything, its message, if it indeed has one, is all the more relevant than ever before.Which brings us to the game we stand before today. New ‘n’ Tasty is a ground up recreation of Abe’s Oddysee, and like the very best of remakes, it changes and challenges what you know from the original game while giving you a new experience. Everything is new, from the character models, backgrounds and cinematics, nothing has been re-used from the original game. New ‘n’ Tasty is the rare treat in that the developers have used new tech to recreate and enhance the experience. Gone are the flip-screen backgrounds, they now scroll, and this is a major feature that adds greatly to the gameplay.The story starts with Abe, a lowly slave toiling away in “the biggest meat-processing plant on Oddworld”, Rupture Farms. Stumbling upon the organisations plans to literally turn him and his fellow slaves into the next product, he decides to break free, and along the way, saves fellow workers and discovers his destiny. As a feeble and everyman character, Abe is unique in that he has no real powers, doesn’t wield weapons and uses the GameSpeak system in order to help his fellow slaves to safety.As a creature, Abe is difficult to love. His very alien look fits well within the game, and he is emotive with large eyes and powerful body language, but it is the GameSpeak system that requires you to talk to fellow slaves, or possess enemies in order to progress that provides the most satisfaction. The storyline breeds hope that the Mudokons are not a forsaken race and that Abe is the “chosen one” that will lead them all back to their natural roots. The mudokons fit in well with a cast of characters each as bizarre and unique as the last, with paramites and scarabs trying to eat you while enemy sligs and their ravenous slogs are out to kill you. The gameworld is a brutal one for a powerless mudokon, but with GameSpeak, the power is literally in your hands to rise above.Challenging as it may be, the gameplay isn’t too difficult and most gamers should only find the rare frustration. The addition of checkpoints, and a quick save gives you more of a safety net than you probably truly need, and there is a good variety of difficulty settings. The difficulty curve ramps up hard towards the middle of the game, and gets quite difficult towards the end, but the challenge is mitigated with the satisfaction of success.And even two decades on, the levels and gameplay remains surprisingly engrossing and just as riveting. Abe’s travels through the bowels of Rupture Farms, the harsh security of the outer walls and into the natural wilderness from which the Mudokon belong is still a compelling journey. Deadly puzzles await you from various meat grinders to vigilant security guards, mines and perilous drops, and death always seems moments away. New ‘n’ Tasty remains a testament to the solid design of the original, and it has been recreated in excellent detail.Still, not everything old is new again, and some minor details have been trimmed to make a more cohesive package. Even so, New ‘n’ Tasty is a relatively lengthy challenge, it took me around 8 hours to complete, and upon completion I had only saved about 60% of the 300 Mudokons, with many remaining hidden.Overall, New n Tasty is a testament to how a remake should be done. It enhances the original game while also sticking to what works. New ‘n’ Tasty remains a honest-to-goodness platform puzzler with a story to tell and a world to embrace, and remains something unique in a world of “me-too” gaming. Well worth picking up.8.0/10"
,Recommended,314660,14652862,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xerxess,"one of the best games of my childhood. And now with amazing graphics.После более длительного прохождения игры изменилось мнение. В игре отвратительный и рандомный хитбокс, а так же игра абсолютно не приспособлена к стику геймпада. Желания играть дальше нет."
76561198050692506,Recommended,314660,28758922,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lol,"""Hello""""Hello""""Follow me""""Ok""10/10 game"
76561198048587276,Recommended,314660,16197889,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"The game is absolutley gorgeous and rebuilt from the ground up,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455384122I can absolutley say that it is worth the $19.99usd  asking price, you get more out of it than some AAA titles that cost $60. Not only are the graphics beautiful, but the game is also suprisingly easy to run at 4k.The gameplay does not at all let you down, with a few control tweaks which are easily accessible in the settings menu, you can create quick and easy controls for fast action platforming.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455383980The gameplay is very fluid and exciting, you might think it is another silly kid's game that can be abandoned in a dark corner of Steam, but no, it is one of the most thrilling and exciting experiances you will have as a gamer. The story, gameplay, graphics, sounds and animations are some of the best I have ever seen in a platformer. You won't be disappointed.Finally, as a player of the original game, Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee (also available on Steam), I can say for definate that this game is a 100% improvement on it's original. If you want to experiance Abe's story, this is the way to do it. What are you waiting for!? Buy it now, it's awesome, fun and original, Just Add Water did a fantastic job, show 'em you are grateful and get your hands on a copy.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455384027"
,Recommended,314660,18163255,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Diego,Hello.Hello.Buy this game.Ok.10/10!
,Recommended,314660,14651347,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BiCE,"My Review for ""Right In the Childhood: Oddworld Edition"". AKA, *Whistle* *Whistle* *Fart* ""Ok.""The Good:-Somehow manages to be better than the original.-Welcomes newcomers with a health system and slightly dumber Sligs while giving the old players some love with ""Hard Mode"" and achievements.-Old gamespeak works even better with new dialogue, it sure beats ""Hello."", ""Hello."", ""Follow Me."", ""Ok.""-An ""ALL 'O YA!"" button! Man, it was a pain only calling one Mudokon at a time.-QUIK SAVE!-Still fun chanting and controlling Sligs...then killing them.-The game scrolls instead of cutting into ""Scenes"" see: Slideshow.-Graphics look ""Next Gen"", whatever that means.-A little bit of PC love with rebindable keys and graphics options!The Meh:-Co-op mode is kinda silly....""Oh i died, here buddy, take my keyboard....oh you died, here, give it back."" Yeah...-Some muddy textures here and there.-Some iffy animations.-No Exoddus love...yet.Overall:Oddworld was that old gem that brought a great story, fantastic characters, incredible art, and unique game mechanics to the platformers back in the day that STILL hasn't been done like it to this day. Now with New 'N Tasty, newcomers can enjoy that old game but in a completely new(and tasty) way. If you have never played the original, no need, just play this, trust me, it'll save you some money in keyboard replacements. Now Lorne, get crackin' on that New 'N Tasty for Exoddus!"
,Recommended,314660,18434784,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Igzorn,"*Fart* - *Pull the lever* - *Trapdoor opens* - ""AAAAAAH"" - ""Oooops..."" - ""Hahaha!""For those who have played the original version:This is the game you liked, with less fumbly controls and better graphics.If you have fond memories of the original game, then this is a No-Brainer! Buy itor be ground into Paramite Pie!Also buy the DLC ""Alf's Escape""or be baked into Scrab Cake!Not convinced yet? They put in an ""All o'ya!""-Command, so buy it alreadyor be chopped into Mudokon Pops!For people who don't know the franchise:This is a rework of an old game from way back in 1997. It's a platformer and since you probably already watched the trailer, you know the setting. Back in the days, it had this unique mechanic with gamespeak, which you use to rescue your fellow Mudokons from the heinous Rupture Farms! The world is bizarre and the game has a very special kind of humor. Very often, when you get crushed by a boulder or miss a platform you don't cry out in pain but have a hearthy laugh instead, because it looks so silly! That's the kind of game this is, it's a happy time game! I played it on hard difficulty, and if you want to finish with 100%, then this game can have some challenging moments. Otherwise, it's pretty straight forward and of a rather short length. Plays nicely with an Xbox Controller, Keyboard does the trick just as well.10/10 Nostalgics can't wait for ""Brew'n'Tasty!"" !"
,Not Recommended,314660,14764083,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hamakei,"I love the Oddworld series. I own all of the games in the series, and in fact have bought Abe's Oddyssee four times - once for Playstation, once for PC, once onGOG.comand again on Steam. Now I've effectively bought it a fifth time in the shape of New'n'Tasty.First of all, it looks absolutely stunning. JAW have managed to capture the look and style of the original game whilst bringing it bang up to date - the new character animations are gorgeous, background effects really add to the atmosphere, and the 3D effects work without being distracting.Sound wise, it's a great improvement. Higher sample rate, more dynamic music, and yes! Lorne Lanning voices Abe again. In addition, there is a lot more dialogue so there's less repetition when talking to characters.JAW have also added many of the improvements that appeared in Exoddus - you can now Quicksave rather than relying on checkpoints, and an ""Everybody"" option has been added so you can move Mudokons en-masse.The levels themselves are similar without being exactly the same - there are extra secret areas, and many sections of the game are longer with more screens thereby meaning that knowledge of the original Abe won't guarantee success here.So... all in all, a great update of a modern classic!No. Whoever designed the controls for this abomination deserves to be put through the nearest meat grinder. Abe is slow and unresponsive, with a lethargic, lazy feel to the character, where every action has an artificial delay put into it, which you have to account for when moving between dangerous objects or defusing mines. I find it next to impossible to manage complicated sequences of moves, as the game will suddenly decide that I'm not holding down ""Run"" after all, and Abe will start walking, inevitably resulting in his death at the hands of a Scrab.In addition, the controls have become needlessly complicated. Rather than using UP+DOWN to move elevators, you now have to USE it first. Rather than UP to go through doors, you now have to USE them. You now have dozens of extra controls which were completely unessential in the original, such as the ability to check your health (huh?). Despite having over 14 hours of game time with Abe, I still get my fingers knotted together trying to manipulate the character into doing what I want him to do.Also, the flip-screen mechanic has been replaced by a standard side-scroller. This would work for a new game, but unfortunately it's just too different for Abe. In the original, if a Slig was on the same screen as you, on the same level, and facing you, he could see you. In N'n'T, that isn't a guarantee. They have a certain distance they can see, represented by a red cone. This isn't exactly intuitive for people used to Abe, though perhaps it'd be acceptable to newcomers. The ""Anti-chanting"" drones also behave differently. In the original Abe, if there was one on the screen with you, you couldn't chant unless you destroyed it. Now, they switch on and off depending on the distance you are from them. So you can find yourself unable to possess a Slig because you're one-step too far to the left or right from where the game wants you.Worse of all, the game is no longer tile-based - they've gone for a traditional hitbox based collision system, which means that a lot of the old game mechanics no longer work. You can try bunny-hopping over three mines by holding down the space bar - the first two will work, and the third will fail because you're two pixels out. In the original Abe you could effectively ""bank"" motions by pressing the next button whilst Abe was between tiles - this was essential for many of the harder puzzles, to ensure there was no wasted time with him stood still - you could get him to jump up to a ledge by pressing space just after he leaves the previous tile. None of that works here - it feels like a completely different game.So, unfortunately, no. Whilst it may look and sound like Abe, it doesn't in any way feel like Abe. What we have here is something like a fan-port done by somebody whose seen the original game but never played it. Which is ludicrous as apparently JAW had the original source code to work with! Five million dollars this apparently cost. I think at least four of that went on the graphics.I've finished this game on hard, but am seriously questioning whether I can be bothered to go back and get some of the missing achievements because I really don't want to deal with the god-awful control system they insist we use!Just buy the original - it's less than 1/6th the price of this and is actually fun.I was originally hoping that they'd remaster Exoddus as well. Now I'm not so sure."
76561198071965845,Recommended,314660,14656722,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PRIMETEENPUSSY,I finished paramonia on hard before i found out you could quicksave in this game.Not even mad. 10/10 game. hard as balls tho (partially due to the controls. Moving around with the stick instead of the dpad is a bit irritating and will get you killed lots of times because of unintended jumps or running instead of walking)If you liked the old games you will LOVE this one. Buy it so maybe the devs will remake Exoddus as well
,Recommended,314660,14652257,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Autis,This game is so well made that makes me wanna cry everytime I have to stop to go to the bathroom
76561198000495166,Recommended,314660,22720180,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Baity,"A very good remake, was extremely addictive just like the original."
,Recommended,314660,14723126,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,「D.Va」,"Graphics / Visuals: 10/10Sound: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 9/10Now, I grew up with Oddworld as the core of my gaming life. When I was a child, I played Oddworld morning, noon and night. Although I could never beat Scrabania back then, I have since grown up and was able to beat it eventually when I got my own PC and was able to play it again. When I heard that JAW would be remaking the original, I was HYPED. And for good reason.The visuals. OH MAN THE VISUALS. The original had some stunning backgrounds and designs and concepts, but they just cannot hold a candle to New 'N' Tasty. This game is visually stunning. And no other word can describe it. Just when walking through RuptureFarms in the first level, my breath was taken away at how different everything looked, yet everything was still based on the first game enough so that I knew exactly where I was in comparison to the original. Dear God this game is pretty. The lighting and skyboxes are amazing, which matters more in a 2D game than in most other games, but at the same time, they didn't cut corners with the foreground environment, either. It is obvious from beginning to end that the environment design is something that has been meticulously slaved over, as a chef would slave over his special dish, from start to finish.The sound and music in this game is based, again, heavily on the original. Gamespeak has been redesigned and improved, which is a huge mercy. One of the most annoying parts about the foriginal was having to shepard Mudukons one at a time to portals. Now, you can simply get all their attention with ""All o' ya!"" and run them to portals in one trip. Sligs and Mudukon slaves now chat idly while working, which is a refreshing touch and one that gives every character a little personality. If they'd maybe put in more lines for a bit of variety (since hearing ""If only I had a bomb~"" from ten different Sligs was got a bit tedious towards the end), then that would have been an amazing addition. The music is much crisper and better than the original, too.As for gameplay, this is where the 1/10 is deducted. Abe, this time around, feels far less rigid and more alive than he did in the original. While sneaking, he'll check his surroundings, his movements are far more akin to an actual living creature; when standing still, he'll rock slightly. When running, he'll take a little time to build up speed. These things are things a dedicated fan will instantly notice, and it'll make them smile every time. The controls, however, were ever so slightly clunky in my experience. I had more than a few deaths with Abe moving too far forward or not breaking into a run quickly enough (The part where you have to lead the bees to Elum), and with Abe deciding to hoist up to the level I had just jumped down from, instead of hopping to the other side, which happened more than a few times. Though both of these are changable in the options makes this partly my fault, but I do think they could have pointed such things out; it would have made playing through the game significantly easier.Overall, this is a stellar game, and one that truly is worthy of the ""Oddworld Inhabitants"" seal. It doesn't just beat the original; it blows it out of the water, like a son inheriting his father's factory and then turning it into a Fortune 500. This game, Just Add Water, is that Fortune 500, and for anyone who played and liked the original ""Abe's Oddysee"" I say:""Why haven't you brought this yet?"""
76561198025794576,Recommended,314660,21473350,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MrNoHelp,"Abe is back better than ever.Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee is considered as one of the most iconic games for the PSX. Anybody who played the original would surely feel nostalgic when playing this game. Eventhough the storyline is the same as the original, but the new overhaul like improved graphics, cinematics and new challenges are what makes this game great. Instead your 100 Mudokuns rescue (99 + Abe) you have to rescue 300 (again 299 and you).The DLC, Alf's Escape is an interesting challenge.The only drawback, for me specially, is that old gamers will find the game fairly short, since they knows every nook and cranny, so they would not expect the unexpected.Anyways, there are the achievements what can make the game a bit challenging, well if you are ""get all achievements"" type of a person you are.It's time to bring down Rupture Farms once again, save your Mudokon friends and become the hero you deserve to be!I hope they are working on the remake of the sequel, Abe' s Exoddus"
,Recommended,314660,14748244,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,copek,"-Hello-Hello-Password!-♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫-♫♪♫♪-♪♫♪♫♪♫♪♫-♫♪♫♪-Prrrrrrrrrt-Ok, you can go."
76561198011849475,Recommended,314660,15366346,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Cranimad,"I, as many here, am a big fan of the Oddworld series for a long time.First, I wanted to say I really enjoyed the game as it was more or less what I expected, a great HD remake. But there were some things that kept it from being truly legendary. For example, I prefered the way the original abe movement was, in terms of speed and precision. But in the end, it was able to take most of the original Abe's Oddysee aspects and remake them in a much more amazing way.Starting with the good:-I found the graphics astonishing.-The adaptation from the fixed camera to side-scrolling was amazing. They way they adapted the gameplay worked really well.-Most of the essencial things about the original game were kept.-The dialog is more evolved and sometimes really fun if you pay attention.-Amazing cut-scenes.-The soundtrack kept the same feel, yet better.-Hard Mode was Hard.-It was able to create some great new concepts and new gameplay aspects that kept the game from being a complete new experience even to old fans.The bad:- One of the things that I really enjoyed about the original game was the way it looked dark; it brought a special feeling of how real the situation was. I think this remake lost a little bit of this feeling by abusing on the noise and brightness. Like the screens being colored, or everything being shiny.- There were a few bugs, not really that problematic, but a little irritating.- It gets slow on some parts if your computer isn't all that fantastic, which afects the gameplay a lot. (edit: removing the ""glow"" and the ""bloom"" effect help a lot. Makes the game so more enjoyable.)- Abe takes too long to actually start running; the gameplay would be so much better IMO if it this changed...The both bad and good:- The ragdolls of dead characters are sometimes weird, but so funny."
,Recommended,314660,24197631,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Spookyguy,"""In a carnivorous world where communication is key, you're a living snack with your mouth sewn shut.""Oddworld: New 'n' Tastyis a complete HD remake ofOddworld: Abe's Oddysee, a cinematic platformer originally released in 1997 for the PlayStation and PC. In this game, you play as Abe, a Mudokon slave working for RuptureFarms, the biggest meat processing plant on Oddworld. RuptureFarms is known for their delicious snacks made from live animals. One day, Abe stumbles upon a corporate meeting held by his bosses, the Glukkons, and discovers that Mudokons would soon be slaughtered and turned into another tasty treat. Our unlikely hero abandons his job and attempts to escape RuptureFarms and rescue all of his Mudokon co-workers from captivity, unknowingly fulfilling his destiny in the process.As Abe, you must run, jump, climb, avoid enemies, and solve puzzles through many varied environments along your quest. Abe's controls are just as responsive and fluid as they were inOddysee.The game is playable with a keyboard and mouse, but I suggest using a gamepad. The original game's unique GameSpeak system has returned and it is better than ever. GameSpeak allows Abe to talk to his fellow Mudokons to help them escape the facility. However, Abe can now get multiple Mudokons to follow him at once, a feature that was first introduced inOddworld: Abe's Exoddus.This makes quite a few sequences in the game far less tedious to solve while not making the game too much easier. In addition to this,New 'n' Tastyhas increased the number of Mudokons to save to 299, instead of the original game's 99. In order to save everyone, you will have to search high and low for the various secret areas hidden throughout RuptureFarms and beyond.New 'n' Tastyhas implemented many new features to keep the gameplay fresh and more accessible for new players. Abe now has a health system and loses health whenever he is damaged, rather than instantly dying like inOddysee.To make up for this, the game now has three difficulty settings: Easy, Normal, and Hard. Easy and Normal let Abe take a bit of damage before dying, whereas Hard Mode retains the original game's one-hit death. Difficulty also affects the number of throwable items that Abe can hold at a time and how fast enemies will react in certain situations. For returning Oddworld fans, I definitely recommend Hard mode. It provides a much more challenging and rewarding experience than the lower difficulty settings. However, if this is your first time venturing through Oddworld, you may want to try out Normal before diving into Hard. Checkpoints have returned, but they appear more frequently throughout the game. Quicksaving, another feature introduced inAbe's Exoddus, has been added toNew 'n' Tasty, allowing you to save anywhere at any time.Since this is a remake, all ofNew 'n' Tasty's graphics and sounds have been completely remade from the ground up. The remastered soundtrack sounds great and stays very true to the original. Graphically, the game looks absolutely amazing compared toOddysee.All of the cutscenes have been updated and there are even some brand new cinematics as well. However, the look and feel of many places, specifically RuptureFarms, have been changed somewhat. Several areas in the game have been altered to look more bright and vibrant compared toAbe's Oddysee.Whether you like these changes will depend on your personal preferences, but I don't really mind them. The game still has its own unique style that is nothing like any other game out there.In short,Oddworld: New 'n' Tastyis an amazing game. It retains most of the elements that madeAbe's Oddyseegreat while adding several new components to improve upon the original. If you are a fan of theOddworldseries, you are sure to enjoy this game. If you've never played anOddworldgame in your life, you should definitely give this a try. This game is worth buying at full price, so be sure to pick it up if you find it on sale."
,Recommended,314660,20866111,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Coelacanth,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty... seems fans either love it or loathe it. I'll try to clear up some important distinctions on why:This game is NOT a 1:1 remake of the original Abe's Oddysee, it is more of a re-imagining. It takes the core ideas from the game, the aesthetic, the story, and packages them in a way that seems comfortingly familiar until you start to realize... this isn't the same game at all!Perhaps some fans were expecting that, just a remastered audio/visual upgrade, but please come in knowing that while it may look like the same fish, swim like the same fish, it's actually a whale (that's a mammal).The gameplay is very similar to the old-style game, thankfully with some of the innovations from the sequel thrown in like being able to address multiple mudokons at once. The game also plays in the same 2D Platformer left/right style despite being presented in full 3DThe graphical upgrade to full 3D is a lot more than it may seem, instead of having a fixed camera like in the original, the camera moves dynamically to scroll with you, this actually makes it impossible for certain ""gamey"" aspects the original had from being possible. Those hidden areas that were so conveniently hidden behind a barrel in the foreground, or the shadows you crept through no longer work in this new style, and have been replaced with new puzzles, steam vents, and an complete overhaul of the level design of many areas.The level design seems familiar, that elevator is still where you expected, that platform with that slig above that mudokon is still there, and so is that bird portal where you expected it to be. However this isn't the level you grew up with. There are now 299 Mudokons to rescue (vs. 99 in the original game) and they are not always hidden the same way, or require the same puzzles to be solved.This is still an Oddworld game though through and through, and has just as much charm as the original did. The same humor is there, the same atmosphere, the same story and interesting visuals are all there. The game is still challenging and is very much a puzzle platformer with great and memorable moments and characters.The change in puzzles and level design is actually a huge plus for veterans of the series as they are basically getting to experience the game new again, since the bulk of the challenge is in solving puzzles, getting to solve tons of new puzzles is a lot of fun and makes the game worth playing for new players and veterans alike.Go in expecting an Oddworld game with familiar mechanics but a complete new redesign and you won't be disappointed, if you go in expecting the Abe's Oddysee from 1997 with just a new coat of paint well then you may be scratching your head a bit."
,Recommended,314660,14651176,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dark Side of the Moon,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty ReviewThis is my review/opinion on the new Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty! Before you start you may want to watch the lovely trailerhereif you haven't already.You can also watch the trailer to Alf's Escapehereif you want to since I will be talking a little bit about it. Thank you and enjoy!IntroOddworld: New 'n' Tasty is remaster of the original masterpiece Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee which was developed by Oddworld Inhabitants back in 1997 which you can buyhere.Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty has been brewing for quite a few years now but it's finally released on PC! But is it just as good as the original? You play as a character called Abe who has been working for a factory called Rupture Farmsfor years but he soon finds out that the meat packing company is running out of money, so they decided to kill all the working Mudokons at Rupture Farms and turn them into meat.Abe freaks out and starts his big quest to save all 250 Mudokons and take down Rupture Farms before it's too late! Because New 'n' Tasty is a remaster I will be grading it on the improvements and what theyworked on from the original. So let's get started!Good PointsNew 'n' Tasty has lots of positive things to talk about because Oddworld Inhabitants worked and improved on almost everything from the original game and you can really tell. Just by playing the game you cansee how much time and effort the developers put in and how much they enjoyed making it. These are the main good points that show the most in New 'n' Tasty.The graphics are visually amazing to look at! Throughout the game there is so much detail from the faded warm glow on mushrooms to the bright light beams from the sun, New 'n' Tasty looks great. The one game  that looks alike wouldbe the Trine series which has the same graphical style and originality to them. You can run the game at 1920x1080 60fps which will improve and enhance the experience which will make the game look even better and rich in detail.New 'n' Tasty's storyline is unique in it's own way, you will be interested and wanting to know what happens throughout the game which works well. Since New 'n' Tasty is a remaster it will be the same story which it is but they addedbrand new cut-scenes which works really well and fits in perfectly. Slight spoiler herethere are different endings in the game depending on how many Mudokons you save which really works since it end with your own actions onwhat you done.Its around 8 to 15 hours depending on how you play.Controls in New 'n' Tasty are truly perfect since there are so many different things you will need to do such as speaking to other animals and Mudokons as well as everything else. All of this put into one controller and works well isa big accomplishment. There is also an option to set the controls to the same as Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee which is great for the old fans. You can also change the keys on PC if you would like so there is no reason not to like thecontrols.The music is truly amazing to listen to when playing. It creates a perfect atmosphere all the way though the game which is great! It so good that you can just listen to it alone since all the songs sound so great, I hope that they will add thesoundtrack to buy on the Steam page since I would recommend it that much. Because they remasterd all the tracks it sounds great and new which works very well in the game.Replay value is important in every game and since New 'n' Tasty is just story based there is still some thing you can do afterwards such as the Leader-boards, achievements, trading cards and even a hard difficulty. These togethergive you enough replay value to play more and give you enough time for how much the game costs.Oddworld done a good job with the PC port since most people will be able to run the game. As long as your computer isn't ancient then you should be fine. To max the game out you will need a fairly good computer but it's no wherenear as bad as some other ports which make you have a £600 computer. Overall it's a smooth port that has been worked well on.There are loads of different and unique things in New 'n' Tasty such as being able to control enemies by chanting and being able to talk to anyone or anything you see. This it what makes New 'n' Tasty so great and unique whichare brilliant things to do in the game.I'm going to talk about the length a little more. The storyline is around 8 to 15 hours alone, but if you want to play and 100% you will have well over 30 hours since there is achievements and saving all 250 Mudokons. Yourgetting a lot of hours since the game is £14.99 which I think is a fair price to pay. In my opinion I would play New 'n' Tasty on hard since thats how it was on Abe's Oddysee and you will be getting a better experience since thatshow it's meant to be played.The DLC is good, I don't really like DLC in games but Oddworld done it right since you don't need to buy it. You can buy it if you would like more of the game, this is how DLC should be made in my opinion. If you like the gamethen I would recommend you get the DLC since its not that much money for what you get.Bad PointsAs you can tell, Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty has lots of good things about it. Yes there is a lot of positive things but there are just a few little annoying things about New 'n' Tasty which I think are tiny but worth a mention sadly.These are the few things that I don't like in Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty.There is just a few tiny bad points which are so small that they shouldn't get you to re-think about getting the game. The sound is a bit weird in which sometimes there are sound effects, it's in the game but it's just not playedsometimes. There are also a few bugs and the original Abe's Oddysee had a darker feel to it which New 'n' Tasty does not have which is bad for old fans like myself. They are the only things I found to be bad in New 'n' Tasty.OverallOverall I think that Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is an amazing game which everyone should play since it's so different and unique! I love almost every thing about it and I will be playing for a long time. This still proves that Oddworld havestill got it and I hope to see them in the near future. Overall I am going to rate Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty 9.5 out of 10. Amazing game that is an almost perfect game, just a few small things wrong. I would recommend the game to anybodysince its such a unique and fun game.*fart* Hehehe."
76561198065212662,Recommended,314660,25436833,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,theNexus,"I have no idea why negative reviewers can't play this game. Some complain about keyboard use (don't use a keyboard). Others say their controller isn't fully supported - I have had no issue with my xboxone controller.Now my review:I love it, it's Oddworld with fantastic graphics. Simple. I wont lie, some parts are trial by multiple deaths, but that is OG platforming in true form."
,Recommended,314660,14659147,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Filthy,You can find Moodukons in the dark if you fart loud enough.
,Recommended,314660,18165012,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,fanciman,"OK so I took a punt on this, despite reading some reviews which said it was a bit broken.  Can't get the controller to work on my Mac (yes I can see there's a fix but tbh I can't be bothered).  And...it's great.  Running it on an iMac with 8G RAM and the standard Iris graphics card, and it looks beautiful so far.Don't be put off by the bad reviews.  It's not really a game which requires a controller - it's measured, it's a puzzler, and I find my keyboard is working just fine for me.If you liked the original, then it's worth a whirl. Follow me."
,Recommended,314660,25970277,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Big Daddy,"If you liked the original, you will love this.If you like platformers, you will love this.If you like humour in games, you will love this.If you like to be challenged, you will love this.If you don't like hearing aliens fart you will hate this."
,Not Recommended,314660,32158043,Posted: 3 June,all,Mobutts,"Most have a childhood game or movie that still leaves them unnerved and anxious, and the first two Oddworld games will always remain that to me. Playing through the originalOddyseeandExoddus, even in my 20s, still leaves me feeling rattled and uncomfortable. The grotesque environments, often brutal difficulty, and nightmarish worlds are rarely seen together in other games.AndNew 'n' Tastyis no exception.In what simply looks like cashing in on nostalgia,New 'n' Tastytakes whatOddyseedid well and sweeps it off to the side to prioritise outright questionable features:• Areas are no longer divided into individual screens, but are mostly long scrolling expanses. While it works great for action platformers likeStrider, not being able to see so far ahead and not knowing enemy boundaries really isn't a great idea for stealth games.• Movement is no longer gridded, even though it's a platformer. In the originals, right moves you a step right, hop makes you leap three spaces, and even ending a run makes you skid two spaces. This time, all movement is totally free, making the simple act of deactivating a mine a precision act of gently tiptoeing and hoping you don't hit the collision box.• Environments are cartoonish and excessive, with the punchy and dark environments flat out replaced with overwhelming noise. Where a distant barrel conveyer could be seen now there's a sprawling expanse with miles of vehicles heading into giant furnaces. Sneaking between shadows is now standing vents puffing out black smoke that prevent you from telling where characters are or even if you're hidden. Simple metallic walls and drills splattered in gore are now cartoonish replacements.• Lack of tension. Escaping from the original RuptureFarms was tense and terrifying, as the game refused to hold your hand and instead left you to try and escape the nightmare as best you can. The remake is a frustrating exercise in unsatisfying trial and error, through a flashy cartoon factory that is ugly in all the wrong ways.Honestly, it's worth saving your money. The orginal has terrible controller support, screws your aspect ratio, and trying to play on a computer made after 2005 tends to make the cutscenes screwy, but even then you won't be stooping this low."
,Recommended,314660,14683995,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Doodle Bob,"Really good game, i have no idea why people complain, i have a normal i3 toshiba laptop and game runs smoothly, Has really good graphics, i enjoy them a lot. I just dont like the sound compared to the original(i liked the voice better but still pretty good). I got used to the controls INSTANTLY and im using a wired xbox360 controller and it works perfect. Writing this review i had 48 minutes in the game and they are 48 minutes well spent. right now i have 27 modukons saved (i think thats how you spell) and NONE DEAD!!!! i might repeat game for secret areas cause i never knew about them.In conclusion i recommend this game to ANYONE, especially if you played original, at first i hesitated to buy it, missed pre-order offer and now i regret it cause game is AWESOME, dont hesitate on buying it and BUY IT immedietely. really fun, difficult but not that difficult (like trial and error) you learn from mistakes. if you like these type if games, like i keep saying BUY IT, if you dont STILL BUY IT CAUSE YOU WILL LIKE IT."
,Recommended,314660,14916751,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"-Hello- I'm so happy! Beautiful graphics that was well needed for an update. Along with new challenges voices and good handling. Its like meeting an old friend who looks incredible. With all of that the cherry on top was the unlockable achievements. I'm so happy with this buy, Highly recommend people to revisit oddworld."
,Recommended,314660,16344203,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jacob_power,"""Hello""""Hello""""Follow Me""""Okay""*chants*"
,Recommended,314660,28977118,Posted: 3 January,all,MoonBear(ง๏ᴥ๏)ง,"Oddworld. It's an odd title to play, but to put it simply it's an addictive, puzzle, action packed rage game. The platforming is great, although responsive to everything, it does have its moments where you want to quit the game simply because Abe doesn't always like to respond properly with what action commands you're pushing. The platforming I had no issue with, the puzzles on the otherhand that intermingled with the platforming is what always got me. The puzzles in this game were just challenging enough without pushing its limit from becoming a complete rage game. They make it just hard enough for you to die many, many times, but also give you hope of completing whatever puzzle you're on. To put it simply the game is great. Except the secrets, don't get me started on the secrets that they make mandatory for some achievements. I would have completed the game a lot sooner if it wasn't for me going back and forth on the same level to make sure I saved all the Mudokons. This game is meant for people who want a challenging platformer, and it definitely delivers."
,Recommended,314660,27600076,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trail Blazer,"The original game was one of my golden gems - nay my religions - as a child on the PS1 and PC. But anyway, instead of rambling on about the classical era of Lord Lorne Lanning's beautiful universe, I will assume you already know all about what the original game was and what kind of game it was in general. This is a reboot of the original game, which attempted to recreate the original down to the (Alf’s herbal) tea while also emulating a lot of the second game's vastly important design choices such as the quick save feature. So how did this game fair in this endeavor? Actually really well, if you ask me, and here's why.NOT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOBILE GAME:Some lesser developers may have opted for a 3DS or similar cheap way to make this game, given the simplistic nature of what the original game was. It's NOT a reskin of old technology, it's an entirely new engine with entirely new rendered cutscenes made from the ground up, and in the end the final product looks nice and polished enough to be far too much for anything other than maybe a PSP Vita if it was downscaled a bit and some lighting effects were altered. But really, who buys that♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore? It runs like butter while looking as beautiful as that school crush of yours from high school, and though it plays simple like something you'd expect from an indi developer, it still has enough of that AAA feel to it to feel more than worth your money, ESPECIALLY at a measly $20 dollars.GREAT FOR CONSOLES, NOT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONSOLE PORT TO PCAlthough at launch it had some problems (frame rate issues during cutscenes, difficulty using PC controllers like the Steam Controller, sound issues), most of those have been fixed pretty well and the controls feel responsive now. I personally don't have any more problems with this game besides getting an Xbox 360 controller to work with it, but that may just be me since others have supposedly done it. Its controls and UI work just as fine on PC as the original game did, meaning it's not a downgrade on that department though side-scrolling platformer games are typically much better with an actual controller as opposed to mouse and keyboard. Controllers are not MANDATORY, but I recommend at least something for this game.INCREDIBLY FAITHFUL TO THE ORIGINAL GAME'S LEVEL DESIGN:This one was something that, for this game, is a lot harder to pull off than it would seem. See, the original first two games were both side-scrollers of sorts where when you walked to the farthest right or left side of the screen, the game ""loads a new level"" of the other half of the room, if that makes any sense, and it wakes up all the AI and objects in that next panel. The camera did not scroll, it was fixed in the center of each of these segments, and it would flip like a book page when you wanted to move to the next or previous area, resetting all of the AI and object positions. The resetting of the screen's inhabitants wasn't only a technological limitation, it was actually a feature and mechanic of sorts where sometimes you had to get things done better by running away and letting things reset. If an enemy was actively chasing you, the game would know to ""spawn them"" a bit behind you as you keep running the other direction until you find some way to make that enemy lose his line of sight with you. So since clunky mechanics like this would obviously be made fun of by today's standards, Oddworld Inhabitants had no choice but to make this game a full, real-time scroller platformer, and the ""screen"" feature was rid of. On top of that, they actually made this game a 2.5D instead of 2D, which means it's not completely flat with the camera and objects so at times it almost feels as immersive as 3D. With all of this in mind, it must have been a challenge to make the levels feel as accurate and faithful to their original counterparts, but in the end I think they did really well with the redesigns. Paths make sense, the things that are changed are excusable and absolutely necessary, added details via textures and background objects add to the feel of the game's overworld while staying both faithful to the original style.REMASTERED, IN EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD:As mentioned before, this is the original game's story, with added features from some of its future games like Abe's Exodus (UI, communication and save mechanic changes) and even Munch's Oddysee (with health changes, pretty much). All of these changes do not deter from the originality or faithfulness of the game, and they feel very necessary - they are changes that are made to fix flaws, not just changing for the sake of it. The actual health system introduced with Munch's Oddysee may be an exception, as it was done to cater towards new more casual players who don’t like the original one-hit-by-everything-kills-you style of the originals. Don’t worry though, as that’s only for the Easy and Normal mode. Hard mode uses “classic health”, and one-hit deaths are back, making for a much faster-paced game like the original. UI changes that have come in the form of a bit easier to understand save-slot loaders – using a profile system of up to 3 saves. Speaking of saves, the game is much more forgiving with auto-saves, and it comes packed with Exodus’s Quicksave feature – a MUST have for some of the really frustrating puzzles. Also, you can get more than 1 person to follow you at once - something taken from the second game, which REALLY feels good here. In a world where people so often release things like Bioshock “Remastered”, giving it such a title only because of a slight texture update, it’s nice to see an actual full blown REBOOT that does everything right, no corners cut. It’s a reboot because this was the first game since 2005, it’s a remaster because it’s almost EXACTLY everything the original game was, with its flaws addressed, and good features added on top of modern graphics.Now with that out of the way, here are some things I’m not sure about – ones that aren’t really bad, but I almost wish were different. They are its humor, its visuals and its voice acting. Personally, I prefer the original game’s style in that it had much less variety in its audio, so it sounded more hilarious and tacky when a million of your friends would all die with the same death scream that just got spammed. However, I understand why they would change this to make the game feel more modern. It was just funnier the classic way –It’s a flaw, but a lovable flaw and I was a bit sad to see it changed. Also, the game’s visuals seem to take more ques from the second game – Abe’s Exodus – than they do the first game. The first game was very, very dark and mysterious – almost “spacey” in all of its themes, it was like some kind of dream. The games that came after it drifted away from this and pursued more bright, vivid and lively themes. The styles introduced by Abe’s Exodus have since been the basis of the visual style of the Oddworld universe, with the original game being unique in its much darker atmosphere. Still though, I don’t think any of these things really count as legitimate “issues”, as they’re just my personal feelings – and even then, I can adjust just fine to the differences in this game. All in all, this is a FANTASTIC reboot, and it gives hope for the future of this series after being dormant for so long – mostly due to the disaster that was its third game, I give this game a 9/10, with some points deducted for slight technical issues and cinematics that could have been just a bit smoother, and I nominate it for a custom award, which I have called the Most Faithful Reboot award. If you agree, submit the same."
,Recommended,314660,34739670,Posted: 4 September,all,Dravvad,"The original Oddworld is amazing. This one is still not bad, and I am surprised at the amount of negative reviews lately.I played the game back in February 2017 and had a lot of fun with it. I didn't use the default controls, just as many people complain about. But after remapping, everything seemed fine for me. The atmosphere of the game was still there for me, the gameplay didn't have a lot of problems. I didn't have lots of crashes like some people complain, but maybe the game is still badly optimized? I'm not sure, really, as I was even playing on a laptop and had no issues.I think many people still love this game and even this version, as is seen in other reviews."
,Recommended,314660,33849166,Posted: 27 July,all,#OhYouDidn'tKnow?,"As someone who played the original version, this remake is awesome. It's a great remake of Abe's Oddysee. This is one of my first games in the PSX console. So much improvements from the graphics and textures.Pros:1. Abe's signature ""I don't know"" voice and gesture (this one is the most nostalgic part!)2. Abe's signature fart3. Abe's signature whistle4. Amazing graphics on max settings5. The quicksave and quickload feature [for me this is a plus, for some people it's a bad feature, almost considered as cheating. You decide ;) ]6. For a game with good graphics and long storyline, the game size is so reasonable with only around 9.8 gigabytes.Cons:1. Some missing textures on Rupture Farms level2. Keyboard input delay (very rare ocassion)3. Gameplay still feels quite easy although the difficulty level is already set at hard.Final rating from me:9.1/10"
,Recommended,314660,14997174,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,WiimpyKid,"I am a die hard fan of the original games so some of these points are just my opinion compared to the original game.Pros:- game looks great, graphics and art design is fantastic, a bit too much bloom though.- the game is better with quick save- alf's escape is a good bonus- easy mode as well as the original 1 hit death.Cons-- controls are not as tight as original- the game somehow doesn't feel as dark as original in tone, it doesn't quite have that weird intriguing vibe.- voices are pretty good, but a lot of sounds are not as loud as original,and mix in with the in game music and ambiance, and that's after i turned the sound fx to full,I used to get a sort of jump scare in the original when a scrab would kill me in the original.- minor glitches and minor broken sound, i had a scrab glitch still once and sometimes my shrykull was completely silent.-quick save is awesome but it makes the game fairly easy even on hard but this is just a tiny nit pick.overall: 8.0/10I struggle to give this game an 8.5, maybe because i'm just such a fan of the original, and lets not forget the original was not a quite masterpiece to begin with, Exoddus is the masterpiece.anyway, give this game a try though, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,314660,34663769,Posted: 1 September,all,NeoGeoMVS,great game and i was never even a fan of the original. worth the purchase!
,Recommended,314660,14651151,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nikumubeki,"Aside from the voice acting being more cartoony than in the original, this revamp seems to be faithfully created, looks good and runs pretty well (thus far) and will probably retain the tough puzzles that I couldn't figure out after hundreds of attempts in 1998-2002. Good'n. On my end the most notable bug is that the sound tends to completely drop off at random intervals, especially when I've just opened the game.-----Thoughts after I finished the game:Aside from the aforementioned sound bug, at times the game just crashed all of a sudden and I had to reboot my computer since Windows stopped responding. Possibly a problem on my computer only and not related to the game itself.Played it through twice to get the good ending. After 17 years (good Lord, how time flies) I've FINALLY played through Abe's Oddysee. Highly recommended game! Here's hoping there will be a remake of Abe's Exoddus!"
,Recommended,314660,28720293,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"Osukaa, L/G","I really hated the last part! I was not in the habit of reloading a quicksave, so I found myself trying and trying! It was ruining the game for me and if it were not for me going online for help I would have failed trying. I seriously wanted my money back. Now I blame myself. I knew deep down that this is a great game, and it is. I never owned a PS1 but I would see this game on EGM and was drawn to it. I finally got to play it and it is all I hoped for it to be: A difficult platformer with a dark atmosphere. Abe is a funny character in a sadistic world. I played Abe's Exoudus before this and I can say the same about it. It is from the era I grew up in (16-bit and above). I love the challenge and the hidden paths you can discover. Again the last part was hell and it made me reconsider wether I should allow my son to become a gamer, so to avoid the rage and frustration. Again my fault for not taking advantage of the quicksave feature. They don't make them like this anymore. 9/10."
76561198072182182,Recommended,314660,24452200,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This is how you do a remake!The originalAbe's Oddyseewas quite possibly the greatest 2D platformer of the late '90s, not to mention one of my favorite games of all time.  It was an odd duck, to be sure, but it executed every weird concept it presented with startling finesse, quickly cementing its cult status.  Abe the Mudokon couldn't fight one-on-one, or take more than a single blow before dying.  He was clumsy, fragile, flatulent, and so naive that he thought the slave position he was born into ""a good job"" -- until he discovered that the meat processing plant he labored for would soon be turning his species into an exciting new line of processed meat-pops.  This revelation launched Abe on an adventure full of open-ended puzzles, daring rescues of fellow Mudokons, and stealthy escapes.  What everybody remembers the most about the gameplay, though, was Abe's awesome ability to spiritually possess the gun-toting Slig guards, sending them on murderous rampages among their own kind, or using them to solve puzzles, and then exploding them into meaty chunks when their usefulness was done (whereupon Abe always emitted a chuckle as chilling as it was goofy).  I won't go into great detail regarding the setting, but the blackly humorous milieu of Oddworld earned the game just as much attention as its fine and varied mechanics; it succeeded handily as a not-too-preachy satire of corporate greed, but went further, becoming a fully fledged science-fantasy world that we all wanted to explore.New 'n' Tastytakes everything we Oddworld fans adored about the now fuzzy-looking (but still eminently playable) classic and makes itpopfor a whole new gaming generation.  All the classic gameplay is there, even more fun now than I remember, and what mechanical changes have been made are in the way of improvement.  Most notably, the modular movement of the original (every discrete button press resulting in a perfectly measurable step, etc.) has been replaced with a more organically flowing system; it initially makes things a little tough for evenOddyseeveterans, since an accidental twitch of the stick can make Abe jab his toe into a mine, but it results in a player-character who feels as alive as the person gripping the controller.  Having to take a little extra time in mastering Abe's lifelike inertia intensified my connection to the Mudokon savior, and in turn fed my sense of immersion into Oddworld at large.  But for those who absolutely can't make the leap to organic motion (and I highly recommend you try), JAW has graciously inserted a ""classic"" movement option.Graphically and aurally, this has to be the best remake I've ever seen; the in-game assets are so impressive that they outstrip the (quite impressive) cutscenes.  From the redneck-ish muttering of the Sligs to the posturing of the feral beasts to the mechanical rumble and blood-spattered steel of Rupture Farms itself, no game in the too-long dormant Oddworld series evokes such a strong sense of place.  Lorne Lanning and company are deeply passionate about their bizarre alternate universe and know just how to make it come alive!TLDR:  Classic gameplay and setting + new organic movement system + top-notch graphics & sound = game that you should definitely play unless amazing puzzle-platformers give you seeping hives"
,Recommended,314660,25690934,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SamueLakers,"Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee was the first game I have ever played. It introduced me to the world of videogames with a great ♥♥♥♥♥-slap.Now, how does New 'n' Tasty stuck up? Let's see:The game itself is a carbon copy of Abe's Oddysee, but with various improvements:- The presentation is gorgeous: the levels open up and feel more like a coesive HUGE world. While Rapture Farms do loose some of its dark and gritty feeling, the rest of the world is really enhanced. The light, the colors, the level of detail of the backgrounds... It all gives us a very pretty game to look at.- The gameplay is very similar to his source, but the controls have been slightly changed. I don't know if it was for the best, luckily you can switch back to the original settings, but it's going to require a little bit of tweaks.The remake tries to improve on the terrible control response of the original, but I said ""tries"" because it all could have used a little more work.- The sounds have also been changed from the original, which is a shame, for me at least, I prefer how Scrab and Paramites sounded before, they were a lot more memorable.The soundtrack has been tweaked too but they're pretty much the same songs, with the same feeling.Talking is an important gameplay feature in the game. The new voices are fine, and there's a lot more variety in how you can say a determined thing. This gives the characters a lot more personality and for me it's a really great improvement. I just LOVE how the Sligs sound now (""WHAT' UP, FOLKS!"" ""HERE, PIGGY PIGGY! <3"" ""AAAAH SUCKER!"")Now, a good remake should be able to bring an old game to a new audience, without alienating the old fans, and for me, New 'n' Tasty does exactly that:For the fans, there's everything they loved about Abe's Oddysee, with the right improvements where it more needed it. The new art direction sacrificed the dark mode, but it enhanced the light spirit. Whatever you like it or not it's subjective.But can New 'n' Tasty bring new fans in? That is hard to say: the market is a lot bigger now and a random guy who takes a look at this game could think this is just another 2d-ish indie platform. But it isn't. This is the remake of a classic, a classic that everyone should play, but if you're turned off by the old graphics and controls, you can allways point your sight at Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty."
,Recommended,314660,24215968,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Chunnion,"New 'n' Tasty is a very difficult yet satisfying puzzle platform which stays mostly faithful to the original Abe's Oddysee's intense slig-dodging action. Additional choices of difficulty are available, with the hardest mode being on par with the original's difficulty (which i would recommend to anyone who has played the original).The graphics are vastly improved, although nothing special, with various flashy effects and lovely meaty mudokon deaths when you inevitably slip into a mine or roll happily into a grinder.Movement, on the other hand, feels fairly sluggish and a noticeable delay can make the more difficult moments of the game frustrating. This is most evident during later stages of the game involving vertically moving sawblades which offer incredibly short windows for safe passage.It's worth adding that these sawblades seem to move at an unpredictable rate when the framerate exceeds 60fps, locking the framerate to 60 fixes the issue but the obstacles are still remarkably difficult to pass due to the aforementioned movement delay.These flaws, though, are only minor drawbacks to the experience as a whole. New 'n' Tasty conserves the original's gritty tone and enchanting charm while updating it with all the bells and whistles one has come to expect from a modern release.Highly recommended for those who enjoyed Abe's Oddysee or fans of difficult puzzle platformers in general."
,Recommended,314660,31889801,Posted: 21 May,all,Nappu,"I was very sceptical at first because I was such a fan of the original two games from the 90's. I didn't even play New 'n tasty when it first came out... But when I finally did, I was positively surprised. There were some things that bothered me compared to the old games, for example they made it a bit easier since you don't die from 1 shot. But overall I enjoyed the puzzles and gameplay immensely, and they nailed the atmosphere. I recommend this game.If you got an oddworld-bug like me and want more Abe, they even released a plushie kickstarter recently:https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/731983185/oddworld-abe-and-munch-plush-project"
,Recommended,314660,35228048,Posted: 26 September,all,Ksawery,Pros:- Amazing story.- Beautiful graphics.- Scrabs and paramites.- Challenging game.Cons:- No cons.
76561197998557243,Recommended,314660,22802721,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Tek Gremlin,I'll keep this short this game is fantastic recreates abes perfectly !Beautiful visuals the one let down are the controls are abit sluggish sometimes.All in all though wonderful remake brings odd world to life in all its glory 9/10
,Recommended,314660,35081748,Posted: 20 September,all,KevDamDamHUN,"I remember when I used to play on PlayStation 1. I could't even speak english. I could't understand anything, just to save the workers, I felt sorry they die and stuff. Later on I started to speak English, and I released it has a great story even on Oddsyee and Exoddus! I really love abe, and I really glad they made a remake. Such a good graphics, and have more options call one then one worker to follow you. In oddsyee you could't do that. I really love it, the only bad thing the controlling a bit weird then it used to. But it's still an awesone game! Hope they will remake Exoddus either! That was way better and longer!!! :) Great game tho! Childhood memories.... Anyone feel old yet?"
,Recommended,314660,28580297,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr. Mann,"Step 1: Relive childhood and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ over the fact that it has been remadeStep 2: Give the big ol' middle finger to every single Modukkon in RuptureFarmsStep 3: Cry about how the puzzles are way harder than you rememberedStep 4: Play other Oddworld games, because you need MOAR"
,Recommended,314660,16192065,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,bethsamm,"Childhood, complete."
,Recommended,314660,14652031,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Doooodles,I loved oddworld when it was on playstation.Love this remake even more.Con:The key layout is a little weird and awkward to use but take time and get use to it.Overall:10/10
,Recommended,314660,14704115,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tentacle,"""Muh childhood"""
,Recommended,314660,14652142,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Time of History,"Being a fan of the originals as a kid, right when I loaded it up I could tell they put love into it. It boasts compatibility for keyboards or controllers, as well as fixing some stability issues that original game release had here on steam. The 2.5D platforming it originally boasted now feels fresher and easier to follow with the new graphics and improved camera. You still have to be very mindful of your surroundings, as they kept all the tricks and traps, and probably added more. Abe's tweaked movement system allows you to move a lot faster when need be, but it's quite easy to screw up and slam your face into a wall and get shot up/smashed/sliced/diced/etc...It's pretty much the original one brought into the new age. Farts, here boy and follow me included.If you liked the original and want to experience it with a lovely fresh coat of paint, buy it. If you're new to Oddworld, this is a faithful recreation of the original for the steam age, and a perfect place to start."
76561198132267133,Recommended,314660,14817881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,geezery goyimz,Loved the remake of this game. Gave me so many good memories from playing the original. Glad I finished it saving all my Mudokon friends. Loved doing all the achievements and proud to have it 100%. Would recommend this game to any one who loved the original or is looking for a fun puzzle platforming game.100/10
76561198013218214,Recommended,314660,27058901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eddie,"""Awesome remake of this 1997 classic, that i had the pleasure of playing on the playstation at the time. Graphically, its beautiful and its story and gameplay are true to the original. Works well with controller or keyboard. Nice music at the end by Elodie Adams, although i did find it a strange choice as a theme for this game. Overall, fun to play for everyone. 10/10"""
,Recommended,314660,26033023,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,cHoudini,I played the ps1 version back when i was a wee kid.... New n Tasty is amazing.
76561198062836162,Recommended,314660,16299280,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Gage,"As a huge fan of oddworld (Meaning I've completed every game at least twice now) I have to say that this is one of the best oddworld games I've ever played.  Yes it's a remake of the original but no it isn't as good as the first. It's better.  So much has been added that it's bassically a completly new game.  The controls can be weird on the keyboard but you can always plug in a Playstation controller and turn on the ""Old School"" controls to get a better feel."
76561198077025018,Recommended,314660,16198456,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"I'm writing this now so I can convince some of you to buy it while it's on sale.Because you should buy it no matter what. If this isn't a love letter to not only the original developers, but to the dedicated ODD fans worldwide, I don't know what is. This reimagining is so beautiful it is astounding.I'll admit I had my doubts about all of the hype, growing up with the Oddworld franchise I really didn't expect an HD remodeling of the entire game to be so impressive. I ate my expectations with sriracha. I choked it down.Not only do they lovingly keep the original storyline, they added evenmoredepth to it all. The characters, the atmosphere, the lore. All of it feels so rich and a wonder to explore. The levels are completely redone from the ground up and you can tell how much effort went into each reimagined design. Many of the original puzzles and set peices are kept, while others have multiple tweaks and additions.The original '97 title gave you 99 Mudokons to save or kill.This title gives you 300 Mudokons to save or kill.That should give you a little idea on how much extra content JAW has put into this game.They added difficulty settings: Easy, Normal and Hard - being the closest to the original.They added new mechanics such as throwing bottle caps and flint rocks for distraction/puzzle solving and changing the control scheme to fit the feel better - I.E., mainly changing your move button to the analog stick for a constant run. Oldschool Oddites need not worry, foryou can still change the control scheme at any timeto slow down and get to hoppin' like back in the day.I highly, highly recommend this game. I couldn't possibly recommend it enough.Support the Dev's and they will continue to release ODD content, which is absolutely wonderful.Personal Rating: 12/10"
,Recommended,314660,16552860,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WAFFLES,"A decent reconstruction of the original game, It's a shame that the controls and some of the gameplays quality has been lost through the visual upgrade. However it's still worth its price."
,Recommended,314660,25663232,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Toonbot,"I saw Oddworld : Abe's Oddysee when I was just mindlessly roaming the internet, and I immediately loved the game. I downloaded an emulator and started playing it, and it was fun, but really challenging! I then saw a remake for the game had just been on sale. I WANTED IT BADLY.Anyways, here's my review.Gameplay wise, it plays alot more smoother than the original Abe's Oddysee, speaking that New N' Tasty now uses models and such. But at times, it could really be tricky to tell where something will effect Abe or not, due to the fact that it scrolls across the level instead of the classing screen shifting. I don't mind this, and it does bring more action to the fast paced levels.Here's the most important things that you'll need to play New N' Tasty.A good computer, and a freakin' brain.This game requires some real thinking. It's really easy to get stuck on something for a while.This is basically a graphic enhancement of Abe's Oddysee, right? No, it's not.The levels differ from the original alot, and this time it's much more easier. I like this change, because playing the original  seemed a bit too challenging for me. ( I'M NOT VERY SMART. :P )The only problem are the glitches. But I have no huge problem with them. The ragdoll physics aren't top notch, as Abe can look like he buried himself into the ground, or have a major spazz-out. And at times the ragdolls can break the realistic flow of the game. But that's just me.But anyways, this game is really worth the buy. Just make sure your computer is strong enough to handle it."
76561198066320056,Recommended,314660,21330706,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Livoynju,Memories such wonderful memories.
,Recommended,314660,17914131,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,oceansodeep,"A Masterpiece that resonates through time preserving the 20 years old genius, bringing emmence joy who played it then by making it even more beautiful yet with sheer integrity at all levels towards the original,  a potent reminder to the contemporary game developer and gamer of what a challenging, story driven, fun, humorous, distinctly artful with meticulously crafted game play mechanics  was all about"
,Recommended,314660,15210932,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Stryke,Hands down the best remake I've played. I've not had this much fun playing a platformer in years.Really looking forward to Exodus.
,Recommended,314660,14661242,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Guatemalan Insanity Pepper,"Simply put, this is how a video game remake should be made.New 'n' Tasty presents the original story of Abe's Oddysee to a new generation while still maintaining the same charm that made the original famous. All of the mechanics have been reworked from the ground up and updated in areas in which they were dated. The graphics have been beautifully redone at 1080p in one of the best uses I've ever seen of the Unity engine. The only thing unchanged is the main story, which is doesn't need changing at all.It's wonderful to see a new game in the Oddworld series after it's 9 year hiatus and hopefully there will be further Oddworld titles to come."
,Recommended,314660,14672745,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BlueKunai,"The animation quality, sound design and overall polish may not quite be up to the standards of the original, but it's still damn good fun and well worth checking out for Oddworld veterans and newcomers alike. Enjoyed it on the PS4 and the PC port is pretty solid. No crashes or glaring bugs from what I've played and it's not too taxing to run."
76561198020573020,Recommended,314660,25486451,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hozie50,"I have enjoyed and loved the Oddworld series since the late 90's when I first got to run Abe thru the meat grinder. Now, nearly 20 years later I get to grind up Abe once more thru some messed up death scenarios.I've completed Oddworld on the PS1, the PSP and since my computer could not run the game from steam, I had to buy and play it on my Xbox One. I don't doubt that the version are pretty much the same, I wish I could have used a PSX controller. No matter, I still love the Oddworld universe and can't wait for more products to come out of the Just Add Water studios."
76561198049937017,Recommended,314660,33459169,Posted: 11 July,all,Oddelum,"As someone who grew up with the original, I can say with utmost certainty that this game is a worthy reboot.And I usually dislike reboots.Platforming puzzle action at its absolute best, a phenomenal throwback to one of my favorite games of all time, and a gorgeous, breathtaking gaming experience. The game is short and to the point, as evidenced by my play time, but it was so much fun. Quite frankly it's some of the most fun I've had since I was a kid and played the original game.If you're patient and get this on sale, it's an absolute steal.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,314660,16328834,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hobo Pie,"More than just a remaster, an utter ground up rebuild of a classic playstation title into a true 2.5D world space.If you missed the boat to play the original oddworlds and are looking for a unique platform/puzzle game rich in design and humor, look no further!"
76561197973301126,Recommended,314660,33047542,Posted: 30 June,all,Moxnix (tGTribe),"If you are ancient like me and were a fan of the original Oddworld then you will love this one. Some slight bit of the charm of the original has been washed out by the new graphics but the gameplay and beauty of the remake more than makes up for that. Sit back, relax, and step back into the good ole days for a little while with this one."
76561198083621686,Recommended,314660,26477609,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Filda_223,"oddworld now definite more TASTY then before, if you loved Abe back in 1997 ... you will love him in nowdays.This is the way how modern remakes should have look like. Hail to the Abe baby !"
76561198036861870,Recommended,314660,33724436,Posted: 22 July,all,Dregorak,Definitely recommended. A wonderful remake of Abe's Oddysee.
,Recommended,314660,15042997,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jus,"When came to steam and saw the add for this classic fly up in my face my♥♥♥♥♥♥puckered so tight I needed to take a minute  to relax before reading the first few reviews. Some hipster♥♥♥♥♥♥eaters posted reviews that made it sound like they ruined the game...so I put off buying it.Yesterday I bought the game on a whim after seeing the current reviews. It is magical. I feel like it is exactly what it needed in the remake, it is not exactly the same, but it feels fresh and unhindered and I would never regret the purchase.I hope that those people who skewed the initial reviews to negetive choke on the bile that probably streams out of their game-snob faces.9/10 Great for newbs and people already familiar with the title."
,Recommended,314660,15210993,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shloob Shake,"Amazing remake! everything looks so original yet so new! I can't get over how good this is the devs really need a pat on the back for this one! proberly the best remake i've played.The only issue I had was Abes voice change and his laugh, just little things like that. There's nothing wrong with the new ones they do fit really well, I just think its a nostalgia thing, haha.Great game!"
,Recommended,314660,16180588,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,AmiNEO,"Just like the original, this game proves 100% that 2D still works in an age dominated by 3D games. 2D should have never left."
,Recommended,314660,16307047,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cryowynd,I'll be sure to wait for an Abe's Exoddus remake as well.
76561198283562416,Recommended,314660,26577295,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Godfather,10 out of 10. I highly recommend this game.
76561198069877806,Recommended,314660,34850047,Posted: 9 September,all,ur Game Buddy,"All HD remakes should follow this game's example. Old remastered and new content added. What more can a real fan desire? Just make the next one already, deitydammit! ;P"
,Recommended,314660,14727614,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TGW,"Really well done and great for 'new' comers and fans of the orignal game(s) will be sure to love it too, Voice acting is great,gameplay is great,soundtrack is great,visuals are great and I really love the humor in this game, such as the lines sligs say as well as what the mudokons also have to say. Also is great in the fact that there is a difficulty option if your new to the game or if your a returning fan wanting to relive the orignal game (Hard mode option)Its also nice in the fact you can talk to more than just one mudokon with the "" All 'ya' "" command and the fact that quicksaving is there really helps you out. But one thing I didn't like was the fact that scrabs howl making you have a huge head start but besides that I really enjoyed the game and have yet to play Alf's Escape. I highly recommend this game to old fans and newcomers :)"
,Recommended,314660,14726137,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Deepeye,"Oddworld is a story about mudokon called Abe who is trying to free his tribal simpleton fellows from slavery of greedy corporate glukons. It is a fantastically looking puzzle/adventure sidescroller with poetic narration and solid mechanics. It conveys deep thoughts with childish innocence while displaying brutal realism.Having played the older games previously I am in awe of how pleasant the game looks and feels. It's a non-stop enjoyment. Highly reommend it to anyone who likes sidescrollers of high quality and non-tedious puzzle games (most of the difficult puzzles are optional, but everything can be done fast if you're good at figuring mechanics).If you have played previous titles on PSX - get it for nostalgia and impressive visuals.If you're new to Oddworld - prepare to immerse yourself in one of the greatest sidescrolling adventures!9/10"
,Recommended,314660,21046642,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PatDart,good old classic game.not very long thoughyou will get some laughs :)controls can be a bit blocky but that can be expected for the era of this gamedespite it's set backs it was worth this blast from the past
,Recommended,314660,14654662,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Se7enAxis,"A TRUE remaster. Not an upscaled version of its predecessor like most games subtitled ""remastered"". Unlike the majority of remasters, this one plays well and looks visually pleasing, just as we would expect. Although, I, as well as many others are disappointed at the lack of grittiness that the original Oddworld: Abes Oddysee has. The Sligs are much more complex this time around. You cannot simply kill multiple Sligs with your own, possessed one like you could in Oddysee and Exoddus. To avoid this, which I am also disappointed at, is to use the camera to your advantage. Once a Slig is out of your camera range, you can simply kill the others then march forward to kill the rest.More challenging puzzles, well thought out secret areas. Beautiful (but out of place) scenery and more Abe.Love it. Hope to see more from Just Add Water"
76561198000251102,Recommended,314660,14652112,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pete-B™,"Oddworld Inhabitants have been the secret gem of the game development world for almost twenty years. I remember getting Abe's Odyssey for the PS1 and just falling in love with everything about this game. The environment, the characters, the storyline, the struggles. Everything is executed to such perfection. Being able to relive those memories on the new systems with updated graphics is a dream come true. Reboot status: epic."
,Recommended,314660,14651196,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Squire,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty has been in development for quite some time now, and all I can say is it was well worth the wait. The game is absolutley gorgeous and rebuilt from the ground up, I can absolutley say that it is worth the £14.99 asking price, you get more out of it than some AAA titles that cost £50+. Not only are the graphics beautiful, but the game is also suprisingly easy to run at 1080p (i can run it at 50Fps medium settings) considering it is built in a 3D environment.The gameplay does not at all let you down, with a few control tweaks which are easily accessible in the settings menu, you can create quick and easy controls for fast action platforming. The gameplay is very fluid and exciting, you might think it is another silly kid's game that can be abandoned in a dark corner of Steam, but no, it is one of the most thrilling and exciting experiances you will have as a gamer. The story, gameplay, graphics, sounds and animations are some of the best I have ever seen in a platformer. You won't be disappointed.Finally, as a player of the original game, Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee (also available on Steam), I can say for definate that this game is a 100% improvement on it's original. If you want to experiance Abe's story, this is the way to do it.Story - 10/10Game design - 8/10Graphics - 9/10Sound - 5/10Gameplay - 7/10Replayability - 3/10 (Mainly for achievments only)Overall - 9.5/10What are you waiting for!? Buy it now, it's awesome, fun and original, Just Add Water did a fantastic job, show 'em you are grateful and get your hands on a copy.P.S. The DLC is awesome too."
,Recommended,314660,15080546,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Azathoth,"Rescue your fellow Mudokens in this remake of the classic platformer.  This game has been built from the ground up using modern graphics and level design while still retaining a lot of what made the 90's game a classic.  With some very minor technical problems, the only negatives I could find while playing through this a few times were related to my adoration of the original, a game that I count as one of my top games of all time.You play as Abe, a meat factory slave who discovers that his species are next on the menu.  You now to escape and discover you have a much larger part to play.  The game is littered with secret areas and Mudokens to save.  Of course you don't need to save anyone, but you will be rewarded with a darker ending and will also miss out on what makes the game challenging...saving every single Mudoken.  You have 300 to save and some are hidden away in the most unlikely places.The game looks gorgeous, perhaps too much bloom, but gorgeous nontheless.  Part of the charm of the original was just how detailed the backgrounds were and how gritty the world seemed once you stopped to take a look.  This has gone in the remake, but  you can see instantly that a lot of love and care went into the creation of this world for this remake.  However, the game has been changed in terms of how seamless each environment connects to the next.  It may sound like nitpicking, but I honestly prefer the originals single screen approach.  I took each screen as its own puzzle and New 'n'  Tasty makes puzzle solving more irritating than difficult.  You will wonder if that enemy can see you or if you are allowed to chant without taking a single step back.  It looks seamless, but it doesn't act it and this leads to some minor frustrations with certain puzzles.The use of a quick save has made the game much easier, but for new players I think the game will be difficult anyway.  The game has been made a little easier in other ways; no deaths from high falls and of course an easy mode.  These are personal disappointing issues and I would still recommend this game to veterans of the series as well as newcomers.The game can be played with a keyboard or a controller.  Personally I can only comment on the use of the keyboard as I never planned on using a controller for this.  The keyboard controls are solid for the most part and the keys are mapped in a way where you can play one-handed throughout most of the game, leaving your other hand to scratch yourself or read a guide if you are getting frustrated.  As for the controller, I cannot see how playing this type of game with an analogue stick is comfortable!  A d-pad or keyboard always seemed the best option, but that's just personal opinion.The game itself retains some of the charm of the original, it is an admirable remake and, despite it not being as atmospheric, difficult and charming as the original, it is still an excellent puzzle platformer by todays standards.  Its existence does not diminish the original and it is still quite beautiful, quirky and slightly strange.  If you have never played the original before, or haven't played it in years, then I highly recommend you pick this up and spend a few hours in Oddworld."
,Recommended,314660,29449884,Posted: 23 January,all,Nale,"Being a big fan of 1997 original game, I was quite sceptical after a remake had been announced. Only time proved how wrong I was.New'n'Tasty captures all that I loved in the original — a cozy and memorable atmosphere and nearly flawless puzzle-platforming gameplay. It really has that spirit which made the original a great game. Heck, it looks like that even the graphics hasn't changed a bit — the only difference now being a real-time rendering ;)Can't wait for Soulstorm!"
76561198052672422,Recommended,314660,34188221,Posted: 12 August,all,Miss Nightmare Freak,"I never got to play this game when I first got it on my laptop, but now that I have a much better computer I have finally played and completed itThis is a great remake and it brings so much life back to the original oddworld games, I loved every bit of playing it.Each character has dialogue, and each mechanic is different and in some cases easier to control.So here are my pros and cons about the gamePros--It's an amazing improvement, the graphics are breathtakingly good!-Checkpoints and Quicksave. I'm so glad you can quick save. It is so much better than the original checkpoint system from Abe's Oddysee.-Funny dialogue. I love all the random dialogue said through out the game. Sligs calling for ""mommy!"" when they are being possessed. Mudokens muttering while working. We can even understand all of the glukkons in the cutscenes now!-Cutscenes. They kept the same cutscenes and spruced them up to be HD! I think they look great.-Throwing objects. It's good to have the ability to aim and throw, where as before it was mostly about luck and distance.Cons--Loses it's dark atmospere. One thing I have to nitpick is the atmosphere. Rupture farms is a lot ""brighter"" than in Abe's oddysee. I know it's a small detail... but it kind of gets rid of the dark vibe-Some of the controls. Some of the controls are difficult to use, since there is a lot more advanced movement in this one, but once you get used to it: it's fine.-Sligs Yes, even though I love the silly dialogue the sligs have... It made them a bit more laughable and less menacing. I mean they're calling out for their mothers when they need help. and ocassional muttering about nonsense. The sligs in the old games had the sense of robotic personality, yet still maintaining that lovable feature about them. In this they seem to be very comedic, but that might just be me.Overall I reccomend this is any oddworld fan or other gamers alike. It's an amazing experience and very nostaglic for us oddworld fans."
76561198013036194,Recommended,314660,25689345,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Samtastic,A really great game. Fans from the original will enjoy this remake. Can't wait for Soulstorm!
,Recommended,314660,25693139,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ufo.mesh,Nice remake! Glad to see good old Abe refreshed and in 3D
,Recommended,314660,14654062,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,gimp,"wow you guys, this looks fantastic! i'm so excited to be playing this again... what a great game!! i'm not far, but so far the graphics are gorgeous, and the little tweeks to the controls are excellent. i'm really enjoying it so far!! fantastic revamp!!!!"
76561198209172432,Recommended,314660,15618315,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,buster550066,When ODDWORLD INHABITANTS and J.A.W. got me obsessed with a game series i'd never heard of before with that stunning teaser for this game I had to do the research! The stunning story and gameplay are enough to draw you in and get you buried in this remade classic of a game! It was worth the wait and the everything bout this game was stunning! If you want a game with a great story and promises of more like it in the future THIS is the one for you. HAVE FUN!!!
,Recommended,314660,16702134,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DeadNight,"New 'n' Tasety really captures the essence of Oddwold: Abe's Oddysee, but in 3D!The gameplay is exactly the same 2d platformer, and everything is right where I expect to find it (even if it loks a bit different), but the areas aren't divided into small screens - each area is one continuous ...err... area.But what about these Sligs, you ask ? well, good question. As far as I can tell, as long as you cannot see them, they cannot hear you, and you cannot take possesion over them. (well, actually it's OK if you can just barely see them).One thing that I think was lost here is that Sligs can no longer run off screen when you chant before you take possession of them, which is a shame. (I did play the game on normal difficulty, so I may change that last bit after I finish hard difficulty).Another new thing is difficulty levels. On normal difficulty you get 10 HP, so it's easier to escape Sligs that are sooting you in the back. I will certainly try out the hard difficulty soon.There is one thing that I feel is a bit off, but I just cannot be sure - it feels like you have more freedome in Abe's position, and it feels like I sometimes die because my position was off a few pixels (opposed to Abe's old tile-based position). But again, it's just a feeling, so I may be wrong.All in all this is a great game, and I recommend it to all Abe's Oddyssee fans and anyone who likes a good puzzle/action platformer."
76561198014764399,Recommended,314660,16456461,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rho,"So much damn fun.I played Exodus as a child and have been obsessed with Oddworld ever since.When I heard of a remake I was ecstatic. This game plays well, and has great humour. Not to mention, it looks absolutely fantastic.Oddworld Inhabitants did a fantastic job crafting this masterpiece."
76561198014076982,Recommended,314660,22095565,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Loggy,"Just got round to buying this after nostalgically reading about it last year and then forgetting about it.I loved the original and played the series through at the time on my PS1Ive played a couple of hours so far and am enjoying it. I find it a relaxing easy play after fps's and stressfull racing and it has me smiling a lot. It took a few minutes getting used to a platformer on my keyboard and mouse but it became intuitive quickly after adjusting the bindings to my liking.Likes............. Its Abe !!Dislikes ........Die too much !!  LOLRecommend..... Yes, if you liked the original, a trip back to Oddworld."
76561197972888039,Recommended,314660,35348143,Posted: 30 September,all,froststurm,"Great Remake of an already very good classic game.Nice graphics that boosts the atmosphere, good stealth gameplay.The difficulty is quite high but there is a quicksave button :)"
,Recommended,314660,35225573,Posted: 26 September,all,HotKewlAid,This game is a throwback to my childhood. Now I get to share it with my kids. Freaking awesome!
,Recommended,314660,23225782,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bin-Khalid,My childhood incarnate.
,Recommended,314660,30178555,Posted: 25 February,all,Eighty,"abe: ""howdy""mudokon: ""hello""abe: ""follow me""mudokon: ""ok""*proceeds to run off ledge*10/10 would genocide mudokon's and get bad ending again."
76561198162368420,Recommended,314660,23090468,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,tintin,"loving the new release of this game, i remember playing this when i was younger and this just braught back a whole host of memories"
,Recommended,314660,14683923,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[D*P] DrummerGH79,Excellent remake. Still a fun game after all these years. Oddworld is one of my favorite series. I have played them all. Thank you Oddworld Inhabitants & Just Add Water for patching the game so quickly and adding more controller support. I will definitely buy more games as long as they keep getting made. An all new game would be amazing! How about Munch's Exoddus?!!
,Recommended,314660,30412228,Posted: 9 March,all,AggrievedBubble,A great remake of the clasic Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee
,Recommended,314660,18231634,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kain Klarden,"An amazing remake with some rather unfortunate issues.On one paramite we have a very succesful attempt at making a very faithful remake of Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - a great puzzle/cinematic platformer game from 1997. It's so good and so close in level layout and design, that it pretty much makes it completely unnecessary to play the original anymore - something that only a truly good remake can do. Everything that was great already was left as is. Everything that required some updating and rebalancing was changed. Quicksave is a huge timesaver and works rather well with a gamepad. Some control changes were an absolute must, so some changes are here straight from Exoddus and some are completely new. Gone is the screen-by-screen level design in a surprisingly smooth transition to the more dynamic camera built levels, which still kept their original layouts almost as is. And the game, at it's best, looks better than the pre-rendered assets from 1997 (which, if not for the resolution, would've still looked good, though).Sadly, in some things it feels like the devs just went overboard, and in some things it feels like they weren't experienced enough. So while the game does look better than the original at it's best, sometimes you notice very muddy texture work, weirdly boring lighting and not very high-poly models that simply don't look as good as the pre-rendered stuff of the original or just misses the mood of the original a bit. Notably, all the very dark areas that focused on just black shapes/shadows moving in contrast to a more light background, now look much lighter and with more ""realistic"" lighting, which makes them look less memorable. Also, the game manages to often feel surprisingly badly optimised and demanding more than it looks like it should. Given the lack of noticable loading screens and rather fast transitions, quicksaves and restarts, some thing can be understood and forgiven, but still.Especially when some outright weird things get noticed. Like - apparently, this game is one of those rare games that doesn't have xinput controller support for the range of xinput-compatible hardware, but instead only for the 360 for windows controller. Even xbox one controller can create issues, from weird control behavior, to crashes. Those can be fixed, but are still simply weird to see in 2014-2015. And if the Alf's escape DLC is any indication of Just Add Water skills of making new gameplay content, then it's especially sad, because that DLC feels like a dump of all the gameplay elements without anything truly interesting and creative to it - something that the main game is full of. And while we are on topic of gameplay - there is a weird change in number of mudokons you have to save - there's 200 more of them now. Can't say that I feel that change justified, except for the sake of saying that 300 feels more like factory crew than 100, maybe?But anyway, it's still a fun and fantastic game about running, jumping, farting, giggling ""hello-follow-me""-ing and narrow escaping. As a huge fan of Exoddus (which I prefered over the original), I hope to see that one treated same or even better."
76561198032848241,Recommended,314660,32206765,Posted: 5 June,all,Raz0rFANE,Great remake of the classic fart simulator game.
,Recommended,314660,14653558,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nikout,"Great touch on rendering and they also saved all the aspects of a gameplay back from Oddworld on playstation. I used to play this game as a kid a lot, and I hope Oddworld Inhabitants will consider making 2 other games of Oddworld, excluding stranger's wrath."
,Recommended,314660,14694322,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ResinLip,"Classic game remastered, 9.5/10Classic Platform Puzzle game from Playstation 1 that expanded over to xbox in the later years.You're Abe, throw off the chains of oppression, fart at some fellow slaves, then lead an exodus to freedom without losing your new not so bright buddies... if you can.you may not like the game (heard people critizing the movement mechanics) but it is true to its original self, just remastered with MUCH better graphics. many gaming companies could take a leaf from Oddworlds book, sometimes new graphics with the same old game play is all some people want or need."
,Recommended,314660,14651097,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ZeToastedBagel,Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
,Recommended,314660,14813212,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,nivakis,"Definitely recommended. I can't say enough for this game... If you like puzzles, secret, fun or if you had Abe's Odyssee on PSX, this is definitely the game for you..."
,Recommended,314660,14758888,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Korago,Everything a remake should be
,Recommended,314660,14688469,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,iSoldMyKnife4Cocaine,"I remember begging my mom to buy this game for me at costco and rage quitting a week later.  Never touched it again.  Hopefully I get to finish it this time, because this is probably the best remake of a game I've played in a while.  And one of the best games I've ever seen using the Unity engine, which is crap."
76561198029951327,Recommended,314660,14682293,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Random,"I really hope this game will set a new standard for other videogame companies to follow. This is exactly how remakes should be handled.Graphics are vastly improved, while still keeping in line with the original style. Music is as amazing as it ever was.The sections of the game which used to provide challenges, finding secret areas, have been expanded on greatly.This game was attempting to find a balance between giving its audiences new content and still keeping its feet deeply rooted in the original. And I gotta say, it definitely achieved that goal.10/10"
76561197970684034,Recommended,314660,14775352,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,James_UK,"Superb remake of a classic game. Having played the original back in 1997, it's an absolute joy to re-experience the original game with new HD graphics which look a lot better than the original pre-rendered graphics. I'm a little disappointed that JAW had censored the intro in the boardroom with the Lollypop Mudokon instead of the servered head on a stick (AFAIK, this alteration had been limited to the japanese version back in 1997). Other than that, I can recommend this to anyone who played the original game. Really hope JAW make more games to explore the oddworld franchise further."
,Recommended,314660,14654307,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rad Sock,"OMG THIS GAMEThis is the first time i have ever been inpressed by a remake, THIS IS HOW YOU DO A PROPER REMAKE DAMMIT! If you played the original, the core element are still the same (in some cases better).Looks, sounds, plays and feels wonderfull.The Elum sequence is delicious with the new engine.For the Oddworld fans i recommend to play on hard, and the newcomers if you want to know how we played it back in the day!10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10!!"
,Recommended,314660,18980587,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,DonRodilla,A classic masterpiece remastered... nothing more to say :)
,Recommended,314660,14655714,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WulfMaan,"It is frustrating at times but it still remains fun. If you have played any oddworld game, get this game. If you have never played an oddworld game before, this is a good game to start with."
76561198116246133,Recommended,314660,20451910,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sleeping dog,"This is a remake of the original PS1 game, but it's nice."
,Recommended,314660,18297961,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sve,Its Mega Fun for who Lose Platform Gamesi have play the old abe oddysee for 10 yearsand i think it still Fun until today
,Recommended,314660,18178430,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Meelobee™,"Edit:  On november 25 2015 an update was released which fixes all the controller issue's!Changelog:Windows 10 supportSteam Controller supportThe ability to fully remap controllers from within the gameXbox, PS3/4 and  Steam controllers now all work like they should. Ingame remap for xbox and ps3/4 and Steam configs for the Steam controller.A big thanks to the developers! Thank you very much, good to see you're actually listening to the complaints in the forum and reviews. :)"
76561198078144811,Recommended,314660,14666857,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Daymonington Esquire,"An incredible game, and an incredible remaster!Just add water have outdone themselves with keeping the oddworld-esk atmosphere well and truly alive!Exploring the dark and indsutrial slaughter house that is Rupture Farms brings back so many memories..I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this game to anyone what so ever! No matter what kind of gamer you are!It's a classic that I feel everyone should have the experience of playing!And at £15 retail price you can't go wrong!Highly recommend!"
76561198014334139,Recommended,314660,20082617,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CelticFrost,"Im a big fan of the oddworld game's & this is a remake of the original if your like me you wont be bored , its like im 8 again , oh & if you want a true experience play it on hard with the ""classic"" health , it has earned its time in the spot light for its classic side scroller game with updated graphics , & also just a hint when you set the game up thier is a little resolution drop box that some have missed i also missed it the first time i played this beautiful game , but other then that would i recommend this game yes by all means its worth its asking price , as for kids of today it would be a worth while game to have in your libary as well as the older game's just to keep in mind but thats another story , anyway i give this a 10/10...."
,Recommended,314660,16231456,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pandalion,"A++  I loved the game when I was younger, it was one of my favourties.  When I heard it was going to be remade I got super hyped.  Then I was scared I was going to be disappointed because it was one of my favourite games.  I wasn't at all.  Like I said. A++   Although I've still only gotten the bad ending.  Anyways, if you liked this game as a kid, you should totally get it.   If you've never heard of this game you should  totally get it.  In short, if you're on the page looking at it, just get it."
,Recommended,314660,14667857,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CheekiBreeki,"Very nice remake/remaster of the first Abe game. Had some problems at first with the controls, but luckily the controls are customizeable (played it with keyboard) and  so I set almost every key to the oldschool bindings like in Abe's Odysee and Abe's Exodus. Had some minor problems with the FPS near the end of the game and in some parts of the Alf's Escape DLC, maybe the game is not so good optimized or my PC just can't handle it on max. settings. Stil I had much fun experiencing some old and new content from the original one (I literally played nothing than this game since it's release yesterday).The chapter selection is just a perfect for people, who want to complete the game on 100% and speedrun every chapter for the under 3hrs achievement.Played it on this speccs:OS : Windows 7CPU : AMD FX-6300RAM : 8gb RAM ddr3 1600 mhzGPU : Pny Geforce GTX 750 ti"
76561198262576391,Recommended,314660,27849181,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BeRGY,Awesome remake 11/10
,Recommended,314660,27452045,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hawf Wit,DO IT
,Recommended,314660,14655856,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ströbs,Now i can suck at Abes Oddysee in HD :D
,Recommended,314660,20033382,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rick,If you have played the original Abe's Odyssey then you will love this remake. With improved graphics and extended storyline (more slaves to save) this game feels like the original and a modern game. With some games re-makes do not work but I got to say this one is spot on and the developers have done a great job with keeping the nostalgia of many people's childhoods in place. I would totally recommend this to anyone who has played the original and to people who haven't.
76561198271422919,Recommended,314660,20051705,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KlonoaGunner,"i recommend this game to all of you oddworld fansthis game plays well,looks gorgeous, and is one of the best remakes everno glitches or crashes experienced (for mac osx at least)and is a must have game to all owners ofwii u,playstation 4,xbox one,pc,ps3 and psvita"
,Recommended,314660,14722086,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Corvette6317,"A great remake of a great game, everything has been improved. Graphics are beautiful, controls are more responsive and precise, secret areas are easier to find (you had to either know where they were or throroughly check every space on every room before) and the quicksave feature means you no longer have to repeat areas when you die. Only problem is the difficulty, anyone who's played the original will find this way too easy, even on hard."
,Recommended,314660,14684539,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,💋SayonaraBaby☠,"Oddworld fans will  enjoy an overall polished level design which gives a deeper look inside the many details Oddworld offers. Basicly they recieve what they can expect from a remastered classic game and wont be disappointed.Traditionally the Oddworld Games make use of the gamespeak feature which makes it really important to plan moves or interact with the different creatures which can be encountered. That feature makes it a very unique one on the whole gaming market. Newcomers might need to get used to the fact, that the game has a fixed camera angle and no open world features. The game has not much new to offer, however what it offers is solid and fans as well as newcomers have the chance to play one of the funniest and trickiest puzzle/ jump n run games ever made."
,Recommended,314660,14840579,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sne,Oldworld that's his real name :)10/10
76561198073860675,Recommended,314660,14653165,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,h.willsie,Hello.Hi.Follow me.Ok.*Gets grinded*Reload quicksave.Rinse and repeat11/10
,Recommended,314660,14655558,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Exploid,The game completeley feels like Oddworld from the beginning on!I was suprised how my brain directley get in to the game and got the old feeling for this!The graphik look insane! The controll feels like the original game!Its perfect in my opinion.Who like the old game will love the new one!
,Recommended,314660,14654479,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Oskulock,"Could find only one issue with the game, reported it on the forums and the devs promised to fix it by tomorrow.100/5 Would gladly craft lvl 5 badge again just to support the developers."
,Recommended,314660,14651723,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,QUIX,"Day1 review 7PM (GMT)Got killed by a Antlion Guard...Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is a fantastic game, which outshines the original in everyway possible, the PC version of this game is even better, a fantastic launch and long awaited. only con id say is sound like explosions.90/10 would say Hello again.[Update]Cutseens seem to lag, R9 280x"
76561198072454350,Recommended,314660,16541208,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ayns94,Playing this gives me hope for future titles. Can't wait to see what else they can do with Abe.
76561198006923019,Recommended,314660,20428504,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,√ puffy★,"For Remaster of Oddworld 1. Yes, GO GIT!! Nostalgia Remastered!"
,Recommended,314660,17962562,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Rusty,I so wanted to play this game again . . . and now i can. and even better then before!Hook up a controller for better experience
,Recommended,314660,21433247,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,emerald,"Stunningly gorgeous, tight controls, loyal to the original, and challenging as♥♥♥♥♥♥while still being addictively fun, not rage-inducing. It basically does everything right and still has the feel of the original. It is a little more cartoony than the old grittier version, and I think that removes a little bit from the immersion you have in the cold industrial world, but overall I don't think it's too worse for ware with that. A ludicrously good platformer. Must have."
,Recommended,314660,24397943,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,renetiq,Stunning rework of the 1997 classic. Tastefully updated with beautiful graphics and some great new gameplay. All the original vibe and humour. Play it!
,Recommended,314660,27113094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dewin,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty takes everything that made the original game good, and makes it better!The game is beautiful, fun to play and the story as touching as alwaysPlus, with the ability now to unlock achievement, it makes us want to play it and re-play it again!"
,Recommended,314660,14720846,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AbsoluTe Field,"While I haven't gone through the entire game yet (still working on a Hard 100% clear), I think the rather high price tag might warrant another review for people skeptical about the game.- Performance wise, I've had little issues before or after the patch. Prior to the first patch's release, the worst I had was the game crashing on me twice during a transition from one area to another, but I haven't experienced FMV hiccups nor any general play issues even with max settings. The sound has been acting a little odd (hurr) after the patch, though, often cutting out at certain points like when several mines explode at once. It's not big, but it's noticeable.- As someone who hasn't experienced the PS4 version and its possible issues, I've had little problem with the game compared to the original Oddysee... in more ways than one. Some may argue that the sterile, dark nature from the original is lost in the colors and bloom here, but I think there's still very nice environmental design that still highlights the industry vs. nature idea going on between the game's major settings. The new voice work can be rather goofy, though I think that falls under the more subjective argument against Oddworld's change in tone over time more than anything.- On its own merits, the game still remains as clever and charming as I can recall (yes, even considering the changes in tone). The keyboard controls have been great, save for some time to adjust to more precise movements in the beginning. The ability to call multiple Mudokons together is nice, but I think there are moments where it shows that they didn't intend for it to work that way, forcing me to stick to single Mudokon greetings. Quik-Save is perhaps too nice; instantaneously loading to a save point can really diminish some otherwise tense challenges. It also bothers me that chant suppressors and certain chant possession moments are harder to gauge due to the lack of screen transitions, but it hasn't emerged too much to be a consistent issue.Is this still a good game? Definitely. Does it outplace Oddysee? Not exactly, but I think it's a great complement. Is it worth $20? It depends. It's well worth a try to see Oddworld reimagined in HD, but the difficulty and tone are not going to be the same. I liked it enough to spend that much, but others might want to wait on a sale before stepping back in."
,Recommended,314660,14681012,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,K1,"fixed version of ''oddworld abes oddysee''. pleasing to look at, if your playing on a controller the new run/walk mechanic can make u insane pretty quick (push lightly to walk and all the way to run). new secrets and a difficulty setting. easy lets u take a desent ammount of damage before u die, normal lets u take a little ammount and on hard its the good old insta death. so far the only problem ive had  have been either the character slowly sliding off the platform or jump lagging couple of frames making me either jump too early or too late in the big areas. quick save is easy to use and doesnt take u away from the game unlike the old one. this remake deserves a sequel."
76561198042407753,Recommended,314660,33289466,Posted: 5 July,all,Antar,"Very good remake. The game looks almost identical to the original, yet thanks to few new mechanics and modern layout it plays very well. Saying this as someone who finished the original game countless times and consider it one of the best games ever, I really enjoyed New 'n' Tasty. Hard to find any negatives, maybe it could have been a bit longer.Now I want more! I wish they would remake Exodus like this, in all its glory. And then a brand new sequel?"
,Recommended,314660,14654038,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Hotstream,"Played this when I was just 7, now even better, really good remake and the graphics are amazing :) 10/10 would buy again"
76561197992920369,Recommended,314660,14733519,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sheggy,"This game sent me straight back to my childhood.  What an absolutely indescribably AMAZING game! I'm almost heartbroken that I've finished it. Definately time to buy the Alfs Escape DLC!Brilliant reboot, well worth the money, buy it!Here's to hoping they release a new n tasty Exoddus!"
,Recommended,314660,14722115,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dubstyle,"This game is my first game i play , is real pleasure play again with prety graphisme , this remake is just perfect , i recommand this game a lot , you can have a good moment ."
,Recommended,314660,16224790,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,duke,♥
,Recommended,314660,26673634,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SPOOK MAN,"Being a HUGE oddworld fan with the original Oddysee being my personal favourite game of all time, I have to say over the two I do prefer the original and urge people considering this game to go and play it (and Abe's Exoddus too if you enjoy it!)But ignoring the comparison and my bias, this is an absolute recommendation. The graphical quality is amazing (even though there is a lot of bloom and camera effects that I feel are uneeded) and the gameplay itself is a joyful experience. It also boasts a great, ambient soundtrack, which hasnt changed since the original yet makes just as much of an impact on the player as they trudge through the various stages of the game. The environments of Oddworld have always felt surreal, yet real, and this game expresses that just as much as the original, although I feel the more gloomy style of Oddysee fits the grim tone of the story more effectively. If I hadn't played the original before this game, I would honestly have more love for it. Nonetheless, I definitely recommend playing this game.For the full classic oddworld experience: Play on Hard mode, and also give the original Abe's Oddysee a shot.In the words of the Abe's Exoddus backstory clip, ""Dish out some cash, and go buy the stinkin' game!"""
76561198026907324,Recommended,314660,18365671,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TwinEdgedBastard,"A nice remake of a classic game.Oddworld: New 'n' tasty:  Is a remake of the game 'Abes oddworld' featuring greatly improved graphics.Graphics aside, This game features a very good single player experience with a good story and solid Action-puzzle platforming gameplay which seems to not resemble any other game i've played or heard of.The game has you roam around as 'Abe' who is attempting to save his fellow race known as the Mudokens from slavary through the use of voice guiding e.g. ""follow me"" or ""wait here"". In order to navigate through the games hostile areas, you must use a combination of puzzle solving and quick reflexes as your character can die very quickly and can only attack through the use of the enviromoment, hypnotising enemies or using grenades and theshrykull ability, and all cannot be used with ease, for example, you can only hypnotise one type of enemy known as sligs and only if there is no sercurity drone preventing you from doing so. as for grenades and theshrykull abiliyyou rarely obtain these through out the game and the grenades can only really be used when you are undetected. all these factors give you a unique and challenging experience that most will enjoy.The game also features plenty of secret areas which you need to find if you want 100% completion.When it comes to changes between the original and the remake aside from the graphics and the smooth sidescrolling as appose to screen by screen scrolling of the original, you wont find many differences between the two. most areas remain the same as far as I can tell with a few minor changes here and there that dont make any difference to how you solve each segment of the game. The game does add a quick save feature which you obviously dont have to use if you want the game to be as close to the original as possible. there is also a difficulty selection which changes how much damage you can take but before you panic, hard difficulty does replicate the original games one shot and your dead level of difficulty. The game also features a new voice command ""all of ya"" which simply allows the commanding of multiple mudokens at onceThere arn't really any flaws with the game other than fellow mudokens being difficult to command correctly sometimes and the AI acting weirdly at times.If you're looking for a game that offers unique and challenging gameplay then I recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,314660,19242052,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ｄｅｌｕ【挑戦】🌴,An extremely faithful remake of the '97 PS1 hit Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. New N' Tasty captures all of Abe's Oddysee's visuals and gameplay and updates it with added challenges. A solid 9\10
,Recommended,314660,18943190,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,eezstash,"I remember having Abes oddysee on the original playstation when i was around 3/4. now, being a kid i didnt get too far, but my mom and dad played it alot, (especially my mom) when i played oddworld new 'N' tasty it brought back those memories of them/me having fun playing that game. But before i bought new 'n' tasty i bought the old windows version of oddysee, but since it was so old it tried to play in 480x640 resolution :P so after a month i bought new ''n' tasty. i beat the game + Alf's escape and i have to say in my opinion it was a very fun game, i believe J.A.W did a great job at rebuilding an old classic, But, there is only one problem. its very slight but for some reason it felt like at times that it was not as responsive to my controls, The best examples are when you have to roll past the spinning blades and when you have to use the elums to run across platforms, you would hit space and the elum would still fall, or when you try to roll across there is a veeery slight delay. but other than that its a great game. I hope they remake Exodus!"
76561198093307825,Recommended,314660,26812743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,>> RuzZicO  <<,"""This is me, my name is Abe!""This old glory is a life waste :D"
,Recommended,314660,25669193,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Zoutje,"A fun old classic, from my good PS1 times returned with a bang. At first you might need to get used to the controls but its well worth it. A challenging but fun game. For achievement hunters out there the majority of the achievements aren't to bad. It will take 22 hours on average to get 100% completion. No DLC is required for getting 100% completion.Final verdict:7/10"
,Recommended,314660,16165296,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ACIoannina,"This is how remakes should be made. A complete recreation of the original game with modern gameplay, sound and graphics with many improvements, while keeping the spirit of the original pure. It was obviously made by people who love the original and who are actually listening to the fans.9.8/10"
76561198044882896,Recommended,314660,16254820,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,~HeXXuS~,"This game definitely lives up to it's original.Lots of secrets hidden throughout the game.  Some are quite cleverly hidden, be sure to explore.The gamespeak is awesome.  Make your fellow Mudokens laugh by farting.This is definitely how you do a reboot.  I hope they also reboot Abe's Exoddus.OVER 9000/10"
,Recommended,314660,16145284,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,soooperspeed ®,what can i say about this ... have you ever played the original game .. yes . well you will know what this is about .. if you have not now is the best time too play it ..honestly this is one of the only games from my childhood that i am still playing and this is a REMAKE AND REMASTERomg cream ..there is some things missing from this as from the original like angry speak and the sound of the bird portal BUT this does not retract from this gamethe game is a side too side scroller and in the beginning you think its easy but ohhhh its not it gets really toughthe replay value is good and trying too get every last one is so consuminga game for the game lovers at heart felt like a kid again playing this .. they DEFINATLEY dont make games like this anymoreand i cannot wait for the next one exodus ..i give this game a 9 out of 10 ..only losing one point because some original features and sounds were ommitted even if they were useless
,Recommended,314660,17153777,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Floki,"Out of all the ""remasters"" in this century, this game is most definitely imo is the best. AAA game."
,Recommended,314660,35118217,Posted: 21 September,all,BlueDucky1 | blw.tf #Scrap2Maxs,"Amazing remake of the original for Playstation 1. Well worth the money, especially when on sale."
76561198062105052,Recommended,314660,25534184,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ex_Parrot,"The old classic, remastered PROPERLY.  Well worth it!"
76561198277606156,Recommended,314660,30446391,Posted: 11 March,all,djordjeculafic,Amazing job. Keeping it minimalistic and classic. Love the story.
,Recommended,314660,14651550,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Goros,"Oh, just as incredible as was the first game! Just as what I needed!"
,Not Recommended,314660,25624630,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,G-Man,"This is a good game, but the linux version needs polishing. If you're on linux and want a game that will work right out of the box this is not it. After reading the various community threads and other internet forums and applying several workarounds that involve editing obscure text files, I managed to get a barely working controller. This is a standard wireless 360 controller which I expect to work right out of the box on any game that claims ""full controller support"".Thumbs down on the SteamOS version. Hope they get around to fix it."
,Recommended,314660,22067596,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"Jens ""Kirurgen"" Trolldom","Oddworld: New 'n' TastyDo you remember the classic Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee from 1997? I sure do.Basically New 'n' Tasty is a remake of the old classic so many of us played nearly 20 years ago.  As you might allready have noticed, i've given this game my recommendation.In this review i will first try to inform new players what this game is, and what it's all about, and then go more into detail on differences between the original and the remake.What is Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty?Plot:In Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty you take the part as Abe, an enslaved Mudokon in RaptureFarms, or ""Zulag"" as it's called (Zulag is actually a refference to the Russian Gulags, or work camps). Your goal is to help all the other enslaved Mudokon's in RaptureFarms escape.The plot section is kinda short since i don't want to spoil to much about the storyGameplay:Like the original, this game is a platform sidescroller game, with focus on puzzle solving. As in many platformer games you can walk, run, duck, and jump. But in Oddworld, you can also interact with switches, other Mudokon, and even use your telepathic powers to take control of certain characters in the game. Spoiler:The game has two endings, a ""good"" ending and a ""bad"" ending. I don't want to spoil what the criteria to achive either ending is (google it).What's new in the remake?At first the developer wanted to just remaster the game (which consist of boosting the sound quality, enhance the images etc), but they decided to make a brand new game, using the original as a blueprint.This resulted in a game that is2.5Dand not 2D as the original. This game is also made with unity, and not unigine as the original was.So, for the main differences in gameplay that i have found:In the new game you have 299 Mudokons you're able to save, against the 99 in the original gameThe next screen is now alive before you enter it. This means that for example a sleeping Slig (The armed guards of RaptureFarms) can hear you and wake up before entering the screen that they are sleeping in.Because of the previous point, the Sligs have been changed a bit in terms of how long they can see, and hear you.The floating ""z"" above a sleeping Slig appear to show much sooner, and when alerted, there is now a visual presentation showing you that the Slig can see you.In the original there was dark zones that you could hide in. These are now replaced to areas with steam/smoke.Some of the puzzles are adjusted, and some completly remade.Conclusion:While it's pretty much the same game as it was almost 20 years ago, it's still worth playing.It feels like a new game, but it still has the nostalgia from the 90'sI give it a solid 9/10.PS. It's super controller friendly. I had no problems using both the xbone and PS4 controller.This was a rather short review of a game i've only played through twice. Therefore comments on things i might have gotten wrong or missed, are welcome. It's still a good game!"
76561198212667045,Recommended,314660,24590071,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Inspector,Here are the remaster we like. Waiting for New Exoddus.His scarred hand brandedOn moons odd faceThis hero may freeThe Mudokon raceWith skin of blue andSpirit guides tooOnly he can save ourBones from brewBut shall he failTo Glukkon yokeMudokon nation ...Be doomed to croakЕго рука клеймом стоит в лунеСвободу для ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥еновДает герой храбрецИ только сильный духомИ синий из себяСпасает нас от смертиА кости от пиваНо если он не сдюжитНа радость жирным гадамВсю нацию ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥еновНакроет медным тазом
,Recommended,314660,14772414,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mr. B,Nice comback for a good old friend. Cheers to Abe.
,Recommended,314660,28683118,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TSOMAHAWK,My childhood reworked.I fuc king love these games!!!
,Recommended,314660,14732482,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ozgarden,Vouloir rejouer à Oddworld Abe's Oddysee sans passer par la case New 'n' Tasty c'est un peu comme revoir The Adventures of Baron Munchausen en 2015 en pensant y ressentir ce même phénomène d'époque.Le budjet de base était loin de ce que parviennent à réunir certains gros Kickstarter's pour un résultat à tomber. C'est de toute beauté et si fidèle qu'il serait aigri de s'en priver.Et si la Saga reprenait son cours... (Un peu comme The Last Guardian ou Beyond Good & Evil hein...)
,Recommended,314660,24332240,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Monsieur,"My childhood just came back, and it's freaking awesome!!!8/10 -TFG""A few performance issues, but that's my fault."""
,Recommended,314660,14667139,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,?JIMMY?,"A welldone remake of the 1997 cult classic. This remastering in a fully new engine features the same singleplayer experience from back in the day with some great additions. You can now quicksave and -load wherever you are. After initial doubts that this would make the game too easy, that is not the case at all. If anything it makes this already great game much more enjoyable by taking away tediousness due to scarce checkpoints. It still holds its difficulty in executing a perfect sequence of actions to progress in the level. Other new features include a remastered soundtrack, global leaderboards with time challenges, Steam achievements and full controller support (allthough I did encounter a couple parts where the buttom prompts in tutorial messages were still keyboard buttons eventhough I switched the input mode to controller). I had no problem setting up a Xbox One controller for this, allthough rebinding buttons isn't an option unfortunately (maybe through configfiles). One small detail I really like is that even for controller input there is a button dedicated to quicksaving and -loading. More games should have this!All in all, Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is a fantastic new version of a great game. If you've never played Abe's Escape, it's still very playable and enjoyable even in 2015 and still sits up there in the Trial&Error genre with others like Prince of Persia or Limbo."
,Recommended,314660,20646737,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Valérian~🎧,"A True Classic, now finally available for PC and beautifully remade in glorious HD. At least just as hilarious and much fun as when it was first released on the Playstation. A must-have platform game (with free Farts™). 5 stars out of 5"
76561198086975742,Recommended,314660,20018699,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ｇｒｅｇｇａｅ,Great humour and tricky gameplay. +++
,Recommended,314660,14678031,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mattyovers,"I've been waiting for the release of this game since 2011 if I remember?Now, four years later it is finally here and the wait hasn't disappointed me! I thought the ""improvements"" and changes would ruin the nostalgia and make it play worse in comparison to the original. Wrong! In fact, it plays better than ever before and still keeps the same atmosphere whilst retaining that same ol' nostalgia.""In fact, it plays better than ever before and still keeps the same atmosphere whilst retaining that same ol' nostalgia.""The new controls are certainly a massive improvement. Sections that use to be difficult in the original game are now relatively easy because of the new controls. This sounds like a bad thing? No, no. It's got rid of the frustrating timing issues that still exist in the original.""The new controls are certainly a massive improvement.""The graphics? They're beautiful, without a shadow of doubt. A lot of people keep going on how the original graphics are better but they're both very different artistic styles. The original used backdrops from pre-rendered scenes. The downside to this is that they were static so it couldn't add life to the surroundings. What you saw in the gameplay world was as much as you were going to get.""The graphics? They're beautiful, without a shadow of doubt.""With New 'n' Tasty there is so much more going on in the world of Oddworld. You see mudokons in the background cleaning on the floor, sligs patrolling sections that you cannot see and not to forget the creatures of Oddworld living in their environment.""With New 'n' Tasty there is so much more going on in the world of Oddworld.""The only thing I do feel that needs improvement is the audio. I like the new richer quality sounds but they seem a tad off from the original. But this is a new game? Not a remake! Yes, I know :/ The original audio such as the atmospheric sounds were a lot more appealing. I could just turn off the screen and listen to them for an hour and feel like I'm in the universe of Oddworld. With New 'n' Tasty? I'm not really getting that. The audio needs some work, including the balance. Some things appear to sound louder than others and you don't really know where you are at points.""The only thing I do feel that needs improvement is the audio.""Overall the game is worth every penny and I would certainly recommend it to anyone. There isn't too much I feel that I can criticise about other than the audio. Everything about the game is everything I had hoped for it to be.Score: 9/10+ + +Runs flawlesslyImproved controlsImproved gameplayBeautiful graphicsDynamic world- - -Unbalanced audio"
76561198107966850,Recommended,314660,19410874,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Walkin Dude,"10/10 would commit Mudokon genecide again.In all seriousness though, this is the game we all cherished in our childhood. Just that now it has a new engine and paint job on top. This is a true to original re-mastering of the title and doesn't try to be anything else. Take a walk down memory lane and grab this great game!"
76561198078885916,Recommended,314660,19556851,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,INlinuxdude,"I've always loved this game, and it now looks great.. Plus the newest update makes the steam controller on Linux/SteamOS work great with it too!  Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,314660,14673957,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tomas Mackar,This is a really excellent remaster of what was a fantastic game and still holds it's own today!The graphics are supberb and the game really stands up with the best puzzle platforms coming out today.Full review here ----https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm1akw73FBI
,Recommended,314660,21440880,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Wificat,"Wonderful remake of the first game! I think this game definitley needed a remake, it wasn't uneccesary! Great revival, loved the graphics."
76561198020803681,Recommended,314660,19263709,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SQUIDY,Fantastic!Very similar to the original in all the good ways and none of the bad.Nostalgic for sure and every little new thing is an improvement though I will admit I miss some of the old voices and Slig noises. However to make up for that there are now variations of each expression - Rip em to pieces! being my new favourite as a replacement to the old get em!You can also command more than one little green dude at a time (which only came out in Abe's Exodous in the originals)Anyway I've got a lot to say but don't want to get TLDR.Overall it's an excellent remake that does not at all harm the reputation of the originals and only adds;- great HD graphics- new music- new background environment sounds- new hilarious cutscenes- keeps very well to the original story- Checkpoints- Improved collision- stirling UI- Did I mention HD graphics?- #worth
,Recommended,314660,20051445,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zer0TheSlayer,"New N Tasty Builds upon the ever beloved classic oddworld abe's oddysee and makes it bigger,better, and more odd, if you told me this was  a new game released this year as a new Ip, I'd believe you, its just that great,this game is so gorgeous, this makes it feel that this was how Lorne Lanning imagined oddworld to look like back in 1997.Pros: Better Gamespeak options such as the all of ya option which makes any near by follow you, so no more pesky back tracking,new difficulty settings that make the game easier for any new players to the series,New material to help flesh out the story of oddworld a bit more than the original did,Hilarious new dialouge from sligs,Gorgeous visauls that are slightly better than the original,Great models,faithful to Abe's Oddysee,smoother controlls, and great music.Cons:the volume can sometimes be louder than some sound effects on screen, the lack of music in some areas makes the game feel dull,other than that cant think of anything wrong with this game.I give this Hd remake a 10/10 modokon scrubs."
76561198036103248,Recommended,314660,14767432,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Saxdude26,"Many people say you need more than 20 minutes to analyse a game.Within that first session of playing this, I could feel every concern disappear, every bit of nostalgia hit me like a tonne of bricks.Abe's Oddysee will forever be my perfect PSone favourite title, and this ""re-imagining"" has done the series, the development teams and the franchise great justice. Not a second was wasted, and the wait has been entirely worth it.I am looking forward to playing this blind through to the end, there will be much more gawking and speechlessness."
76561198068716363,Recommended,314660,27552504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SOULSTORM BRUH,LOVE ALL THE ODDWORLD GAMES!
,Recommended,314660,25361105,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,This Simon Guy,"If there's any criticism to be had with this remake, it's that it's not as dark and eerie as the original game (Oddworld: Abe's oddysee) and that the standard keyboard controls were awful in my option, I had to change them back to the original keyboard layout from the original game.I'm overall impressed by how amazing this game looks, but there's a lot of lens flares and neon lights which just feels out of place. The game is nowhere as eerie as the original, but letting those things slide I think this is a truly masterful remake."
,Recommended,314660,19130435,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,trill pikachu,this ♥♥♥♥ing owns so much. it's incredible
,Recommended,314660,19247241,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Zimek,Good
,Recommended,314660,16250366,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DiGiTaL CLeaNeR,"Odd world reboot sounded grreat, and for a while it was until I logged in and my saves were deleted out of the blue. A week of play time downt he drain so I am not freaking happy. For this reason I'd say don't buy this unless it's for like $2.00.. I spent $5.00 and that was too much."
76561198009531802,Recommended,314660,26985626,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lenniey,(All time) Classic + Refurbished = Perfect All Time Classic.
76561197970682098,Recommended,314660,14655939,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ShadyOG,A great game that takes you down the memory lane in HD.11/10 New 'n' smelly farts
76561198040830522,Recommended,314660,16138638,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,King Andus a silly robot🍌,It's like playing art.
,Recommended,314660,14719120,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Spook'd Beniboi,If you loved the original you will love this.Evern if you haven't it's worth getting this game is just perfectionWhile I may have beaten the game and got the bad ending it's made me want to play the game again already and see what I missed and where I went wrong.If you want a challenge this is the game for youAlso the port is pretty damn good!
76561198086763467,Recommended,314660,29791810,Posted: 8 February,all,jaysunsphone,Great game
,Recommended,314660,23216044,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Marlon,very nice game with good graphics and an amazing story
76561198068466372,Recommended,314660,25616727,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Belgarath085,Great Remake.
76561198052958795,Recommended,314660,18078263,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Jammin,10/10
,Recommended,314660,32299145,Posted: 9 June,all,Carize,"It's no secrect I am a fan of the whole OddWorld series (and Meep)! Abe for world leader! New & Tasty is a beautiful graphic renovation of the original Abe's Oddysee. It is challenging with a potent message. I can't recommend this title enough and I am looking forward to the newest addition to the OddWorld series ""SoulStorm""!"
,Recommended,314660,14652341,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,metal_hamster,"A very respectable remake and does somethings alot better than the original. More traps, more bad guys, more people to save. Brilliant game."
,Recommended,314660,26726478,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Satan,Very tasty indeed. Mmmm
,Recommended,314660,23979331,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Adam,"Thankfully i was born and raised into playstation exactly the right time to experience the original version of Abe's Oddysee. The day i heard of a reboot made my underwear elasticate whilst sat at my computer and smash the screen.Anyway, the reboot is no dissapointment. The dialogue is improved slightly, like it's not just ""Hello"" sometimes a hi and other stuff. The sligs are somewhat harder. That being said if you played the original make sure you put in on Hard Difficulty to love those wonderous days of one hit, instant kill. But above all the most amazing 2 things i would say is the graphics, the visual are so stunning i almost filled my PC memory unit with screenshots, and ofcourse the 2.5D experience. No more side swiping, just constant movement into the next section. Beautiful.Cannot wait for Soulstorm! Bring on those remastered glukkons for spirit control!!P.S. Alf's escape was ♥♥♥♥ing hard."
,Recommended,314660,14652162,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,J4F187,"Awesome remake, better than ever!"
76561198049457308,Recommended,314660,16829063,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Funnytaker,This is a really tasty adventure.
76561197972167247,Not Recommended,314660,23878383,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nighty,"Disclaimer: I'm reviewing this from the point of view of a Linux user. Not sure if people on Windows are having to jump through similarly ridiculous hoops to get the game running or not, although I stumbled upon some Windows users with controller issues as well during my research.First of all, there doesn't appear to be anything wrong with the game itself. It looks OK, seems to play OK, there's really not much one can say about the game other than it is a platformer and a remake of a classic. Does it live up to the hype? Does it play well? Is it balanced? Are the controls tight and responsive? I wouldn't know; of my 50 ingame minutes, I spent 10 minutes testing, and the other 40 struggling with the controller setup.And that brings us to the reason I'm giving this a negative review: I don't care how good your game is, a platformer should not expect me to set up two screens worth of action bindings with confusing labels before it allows me to play. Apparently, if you use a supported controller, such as the XBox 360 controller, this problem shouldn't present itself since it gets detected automatically. I say apparently, because I use exactly that, and I can not select the XBox 360 control scheme in the dropdown. Only the generic one with a blank configuration.The issue has been reported over a year ago, and rather than fixing it, the devs have released incomplete and confusing instructions on how to work around this. Instructions which became obsolete within 6 months of posting, yet the posts are still not updated and they don't even respond when you ask for clarification. Seehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/314660/discussions/0/594820473983869155/and its linked forum posts for more info.In the end, it took a fellow gamer with way more patience than me to set up their controller and post their config before I could actually enjoy the game. For those on Linux who are having trouble with their configs (and for future self), this is the post that helped me set up my controller:https://steamcommunity.com/app/314660/discussions/2/485623406953212192/"
,Recommended,314660,32923061,Posted: 28 June,all,Fax MekClood,Abe is cute
76561198020948350,Recommended,314660,35111639,Posted: 21 September,all,Skepticalfox,THIS GAME IS EPIC AF!You are this wierd green Jew running around trying to stop these bad alien capitalist industrialist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s from dishonouring your ancestors grave as they dig for stuff in the Green Jews land.
,Recommended,314660,20063678,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Harrada,"One of the best Remakes I have experienced to date. If you liked the original, you will love this one."
,Recommended,314660,14717497,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GreenH,Great revamp. I loved the original and I love this just as much.I hope they will continue and bring Exodus out again.
,Recommended,314660,19303239,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZoCo,"The original Abe's Oddysee was an amazing game when I was a child, this brings back so many good memories.9½/10God I really hope that they're making Abe's Exoddus aswell"
,Recommended,314660,32819627,Posted: 26 June,all,Δ Cavedog,Delicious
,Recommended,314660,22330804,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Raticide,A pretty decent remake of the original.
76561198054726000,Recommended,314660,27762547,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moneikis,"Simple yet hard, one of the best remasters"
76561198008414102,Recommended,314660,14660176,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DamZe,"What is there to say? I played this masterpiece as a child on the PSX, and this new remake is a must for any fan of the old oddworld games. It runs smooth as butter and looks great.10/10 any day of the week!"
76561198051922709,Recommended,314660,21120417,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,arokys.jerdno,... new Abe ... follow me ... and play this fun game ...+ nice and cute grafik+ crazy sound of Abe- sometimes very hard bud funny
,Recommended,314660,14759174,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,XandyC,"Having just completed the game I thought it was time to write a review, this game transported me back to 1997 with such glee I'm 26 now so would have played this when I was 8! This is how to do a reboot of an old game and I really hope that in time we will see Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus done the same way. I experienced no issues with this game it ran smoothly from start to finish. with a price point in the UK of £15 if you are thinking of buying JUST DO IT!"
76561198014925817,Recommended,314660,14695954,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kisuke,Elum: mmmmm?\(^.^)/<3
76561198043764066,Recommended,314660,15991575,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,AMAZING 10 10!!!
,Recommended,314660,20145904,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,Perfect.299 Club never felt so good.
76561198152664321,Recommended,314660,14710714,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ash.mac.190,Do i recommend this game? HELL ♥♥♥♥ING YEA! Played this game back in the PS1 days and i loved it!
,Recommended,314660,16575993,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Howl,"I reccomend this only because I want more Oddworld games to be made. There are plenty of glaring, fistula-style flaws in this game but as a whole I think it represents a good thing that Oddworld is back out there.♥♥♥♥ the ending music though. if I wanted to listen to Evanescence-tier pop-industrial I'd just jam my head against my desk fan and go ""DUM DUM DRRRR"" every few seconds."
76561198102931311,Recommended,314660,14652046,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FullMetalJackass,"Just buy it, ya chump"
,Recommended,314660,26718599,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ookamiza,10/10 would follow every day.
,Recommended,314660,19236942,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KERNBOOM,"If you like platform/puzzle games, this is an absolute must have.For those who have never enjoyed the Oddworld universe: the lore is great, the pop culture references are cleverly hidden, its combination of platform, story and puzzle is unrivaled.For those that played the original Oddworld games: know that this is a very good and honorable remake that does the original justice."
76561198026184740,Recommended,314660,14680830,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Northern Eskimo,"if you were a fan of the original game on PS1.dont hesitate to get this one, you will love it !!!!!"
76561198061316337,Recommended,314660,22921975,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,UltraViolence,Really a great game but the difficulty level for the highest is really super hard. I gave up. But great reboot of a classic and ODDWORLD FOREVER!!
,Recommended,314660,24524017,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ROBOHORSE-8000,"An amazing game! I loved playing all the Oddworld games, and this was no exception! My only complaint is really the camera. It follows Abe around and it makes me a little motion sick. Still a great game! 9/10"
,Recommended,314660,15101614,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,W4KE,An old school classic ressurected!  I loved this game when it was on Play Station years ago and it looks ever so much better on my PC!  The graphics are looking great and the restoration of this title seems great so far.  I highly recommend it if you are looking for a casual title that is as goofy as it is halarious.  This is a fun game to play with a friend.  Lots of laughs!As far as graphics go I'm getting FPS in the high 40s to 60s.  Settings all at high and my resolution is 3240x 1920 running on a Radeon R9 295X.Recommended.
76561198229940500,Recommended,314660,30363330,Posted: 6 March,all,Toto,"Great game,brings back the PS1 nostalgia."
76561198014863767,Recommended,314660,16254255,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Digital,The best game of all-time remade. It's a must play and was way ahead of its time.
76561198118801735,Recommended,314660,14657744,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Psychotic Oz,So far so good
,Recommended,314660,28605081,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,cykr,"This game is so awesome, extremely nostalgic, what a great remaster!  It captures that old school feel really well, the art of this game is to never be forgotten.  For only $5 it's so worth it."
,Recommended,314660,14651642,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kurisu655,"Not as good as the original, but that does not mean I am saying that it is a bad game. It is far from it. The complete change of the graphics is amazing. It's also amazing that you can set it to the difficulty of the original, or you can set it to more like Munch's Oddysee where you can take multiple hits before you die. Which is great if you are new, or be like me and play it on classic from day one because that's what you are used to. And don't worry they haven't taken the best bit out, the ability to fart!"
,Recommended,314660,14654384,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Polnareff,Played this on my PS4 and was compelled to buy it again. 11/10
,Recommended,314660,14737973,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Nagoty,good times
76561198014031810,Recommended,314660,14773377,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Shadow,"I couldn't have wished for a better remake, hats off to the people that made this dream a reality."
76561198052384830,Recommended,314660,14997724,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BeetoTheRyan,"Love it, there's even more secrets, and the controls are a lot smoother!"
,Recommended,314660,19753223,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Terra,Was tasty
,Recommended,314660,20731561,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Notleks,Genocide Simulator 2015
,Recommended,314660,14657972,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ApexCity,"PFFFFFFT Heee Heee HeeeeOn a serious note.... This is what a remake should be. Faith in PC restored yet again.On a nostalgic note.... Wow. This was like the first game I ever played along with Crash Bandicoot (Imagine that remake)  and Its also the first game I couldnt beat. On PS1 for you young'ns.Im not gonna lie, I liked Abe but the game and its universe in general creeped me out as a kid LOL. Thats not why I couldnt beat it though, It is pretty good test of your patience at times. As a kid dying 100 times in one spot I would take a break and play something else that wasnt as frustrating and creepy, like Rayman, Gran Turismo, Twisted Metal, Tekken 2, Spyro or one of those Jampack demo discs.... Remember those?! I would play the same demo over and over again for hours expecially for the games I knew my mom wouldnt buy me (Metal Gear Solid Demo im looking at you).Any of you that had a similar experience to mine find that PC ended up being the best thing since PS1?I love games and this one takes me back, in a pleasant and very well done way. Mad respect for this Remake!"
,Recommended,314660,14813483,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Krasnerator,"Now this is a remaster. Now this is a ♥♥♥♥ING remaster. This took an old classic and brought it into modern times on all counts: art, gameplay, sound, everything. Amazing."
,Recommended,314660,14669368,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mr. Dump Ling,"What a WONDEFUL Ride down memory lane, with some new TWEAKS to sufice, NEW 'n' TASTY ;}"
76561198063968845,Recommended,314660,14791676,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Masquerade,"This game made me so happy, they made one of my favourite games from my childhood even better, if you don't play this you are making a mistake. such a good game."
76561197965333623,Recommended,314660,14664653,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sling3r,"It's not as hard as the original, but it is bloody brilliant all the same. Go buy this game. I am using keyboard atm as there is an issue with the ""deadzone"" on xbox controllers, but they are apparntley working on a fix for this. Just cant big it up enough 10/10"
76561198007292730,Recommended,314660,28148294,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Redsco,Très bon jeu.
,Recommended,314660,17553600,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Right0us_Man,"This game is more than a HD remaster. It overhauls the entire game with a complete redo of the graphics and a lot of minor changes to every level and the cut scenes have all been redone aswell. The game looks amazing, the atmosphere of the original setting is fully intact, if not more so. The game doesn't exactly have a ""lot"" of ""new"" content.By this I mean, if you are buying this game to experience a brand new story or a reboot of the original game with a completely new story, this is not it. This is basically just a modern version of this game. In a way it feels inde rather than AAA. The story is largely the same with maybe a few tweaks that I noticed, but those feel more like things that the original game never patched rather than add-ons to the story. Although I think all of the oddworld games existed before patching on consol was common place.The levels are, as I remember pretty much the same in design, just minor tweaks, and branching paths that lead into new levels. All of which are VERY nicely designed and range from easy to ""I'M going to throw my controller if that damn saw kills me one more time!!"" in difficulty. The challenges feel SO VERY satisfactory, especially if you take the time to figure it out yourself making the next playthrough that much faster. The awards feel pretty good when you get them, though I wish there was more. I still feel like Abe deserves some kind of upgrade tier feature, so as he progresses further he gets more powerful, you do in a way, but only with the chanting power.When I got this game originally It wouldn't load, but support from the dev's and the community helped me resolve it in about a week or so of buying it. Playing in windowed mode seems to be preferrable on my machine, and the 360 gamepad works very nicely with the game.Either way, this game is worth any price below 15 dollars!Not really sure the add on Soul Brew story hook dlc ( Alfs Escape ) is worth more than a dollar and to be honest I really feel it should just be a part of the game as is rather than dlc. In a way seeing that as dlc for 2 dollars plus makes me wonder why the Dev thought it was worth charging people for. The levels in the dlc are good but its very short and absolutly not worth more than 1$. I hope that this isn't a sign of a trend that this series and its ""remakes"" wont be charging DLC for every single little thing that is just outside of the main story line. I get charging for Abe to where scrubs, but not the Alf Escape.Overall the game is a 7.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,314660,18619494,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Wastelander,I LOVE GAMES SO I LOVE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ KEEP IT UP~!
,Recommended,314660,29855073,Posted: 11 February,all,SUPER CRISPY CHICKEN,Nostalgic game. I played this when i was a lil nig
76561198005194733,Recommended,314660,28846100,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shazzi,Pure brilliance. Awesome #nostalgia trip. One of my top best games of all time and this remake perfectly captures the original . Well done. Now i have an interest in this Soulstorm game.
,Recommended,314660,15974791,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,✪BoneZ™,out ♥♥♥♥ing standing
,Recommended,314660,15910962,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,aNTZ,its a great game. played the first 2 then this holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ 100 out of 10
,Recommended,314660,15879568,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Fech,"amazing remake of an old classic! Great graphics, gameplay and storyline."
,Recommended,314660,16138935,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Default User,This game was my childhood. It was the best then and it's the best now.
76561197964866568,Recommended,314660,16160338,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"Surprise MF!Well, I certainly am surprised. The new version really looks great, the issues I had with the original are mostly gone... When I tried re-playing the old game, I just couldn't. This on the other hands feels great, I will surely return to it.It's a perfect edition for those that played the original game and for the others - a great new platformer.The game revolves around perfect use of controlls, so a lot of jumping, some sneaking, right timing. Puzzles are mostly based on that too. If you like this kind of games, you should give the game a try, especially since it's on 40% sale now.I didn't believe that before, but after playing it, I think it deserves the full price anyway.Just a good game."
76561198033757372,Recommended,314660,22077047,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,minchonyc,Just like ps1 but better graphics
76561198094240473,Recommended,314660,22209508,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,wingman_dave,"Awesome game, awesome graphics."
,Recommended,314660,22484819,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,bAmBiXatkinson,Really good remake imo ^_^
,Recommended,314660,19524518,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,RomireOnline,Great nostalgic kick!Great Chanting too!
,Recommended,314660,17862407,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sourcarnival,A very impressive remake of the 1997 Cinematic platformer.
,Recommended,314660,20131715,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ThisThing,"I highly recommend this game.Set in a beautyful and impressive world, this game delivers it all through fun gameplay and a incredible story. The player is constantly left with multiple choices and you are always challenged in numerous ways.New n Tasty is a very good game with a lot of content and is very replayable. I am a old Abe's Oddysee veteran, if I may be that bold, and I was dragged right back into this amazing world. For the new player, this game delivers a lot of different playstyles and you are always kept interested, as the game is changing all the time. From being sneaky and saving friends in the hostile and crude enviroment of the Rupture Farms facilities to high speed chases and gun blazing action in the wastes of the Scrabanian deserts. With beautyful artwork and backgrounds, the whole world comes to life with a detailed wildlife and with the inhabitants of Oddworld.The JaW developers also put in a lot of interesting and competitive achievements, for the hardcore gamer. They are fun and tricky to get, but they make the game very re-playable. You will most likely replay this game multiple times, as there are so many different things to do. Can you save all your friends in only 3 hours? Let's find out!This game is one of those rare unique gems, that you just have to be part of. The world is thought out fully and nothing seems misplaced. The enviroment, objects, animals and 'people' all fit into this world perfectly. I mean all the species in the game has a detailed bio and a story of their evolution to their current state. This universe is so detailed and thought through, that it might as well have been a real place.Remember to have a good PC, or turn the setttings down. It does require some power to run on good quality. I did not and my PC were not good enough, so I mistook the lag for bad movement. As soon as I lowered the settings, everything worked smoothly and the movement were perfect.Buy this game and become part of the community. It is not just some random indie game. It is a big detailed game with a lot of content and stuff put into it. Even from a over 20 years break, fans and vets are still active in the community, so there is surely something to be part of. There has even been talk about the remake of the sequel: Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus. So there is even another game to look forward too.And last you can even buy the two originals (Which I highly recommend!) and feel the true oddworld experience which were created by Lorne Lanning and are about the greatest games, still to this day.This 2D/3D sidescroller easily beats popular titles on the market.9/10Pros:ContentRe-playabilityArtwork/GraphicsLore/StoryCommunityCons:Untrustworthy Meat-Grinders... Seriously I keep dying..."
,Recommended,314660,14785943,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TarzanEng,"Review again. Not too mch disaster after finishing the whole thing.The controls and graphics are clunkcy at best. I still remember that day I play the original Abe's Oddworld for PSOne. Though the graphics are not as beasutiful as this one but ithe gameplay is far more aesthethics. In the olden days I still remember you can walk and run but this option has been removed for the WORST [Though the developer said it could be my system]Throwing action is laughable. I still remember that the you need to hold the square button to throw the bomb/rock. This one is just use the right analog stick. [Also, why they get trid of the press to run function???!!! Whoever came up with this idea should be fired!!!! The old one is good. Thanks for the  reply, you can actually hold to run thoughOne of the best thing about Oddworld in the olden days was the gamespeak mechanics. In Abe's Exodus. You can called up to 2 people to follow you when there are 5 person in a group. Here you cannot. You can either called only one or all at once. Resulting in frustration.Another thing is the jump button. The jump button is so damn annoying. The olden game allows you to rapid jump, meaning that when you hold the jump button (Triangle button), you can jump past bomb very quickly, the jump button in this game means jump up. To jump forward, you need to hold forward and jump and when the fps drops below 30fps, it results in very very clumsy mistake (as Abe will not jump forward but take one step forward and thus stepping onto a mine). Thank god for quick save function thoughGame score 6/10Old time gamer should try it. It is not a shinning gem but it is polished game."
,Recommended,314660,33218659,Posted: 4 July,all,sam,excellent
76561198030623077,Recommended,314660,31637324,Posted: 8 May,all,The Doctor,"If you grew up on old-school games such as the diabolically unforgiving Prince of Persia 1 & 2 (the original side-scrollers where anything other than a careful approach would see you plunging to your death/being impaled by spikes/sliced in half), or even Commander Keen, where a single mistep spelled death, this game may be for you. No health bar, minimal weapons, tight controls and a whole lot of death-traps, all wrapped up in a tongue-in-cheek, (darkly) humerous story. Don't get me wrong, this game is hard but enjoyable - whenever something goes wrong you know it was because of a mistake YOU made.  You never feel as if the game designers are out to get you (which was the case in Prince of Persia) or things went pear-shaped because of poor controls.A great, side-scrolling puzzle/action game. 8/10"
76561198186843017,Recommended,314660,25682895,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fin,just buy it
,Recommended,314660,23885968,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CoastalHaze,"I'm biased, because I played this game on the PSX when it first came out and must have beat it twenty times in a single year. I was absolutely obsessed with the Oddworld Universe and I think Lorne Lanning is without question one of the gods of indie game development. There is not a single thing wrong with this game. It has everything: the quintessential antihero, drama, suspense, comedy, puzzle solving, skill-based platforming, karma, environmental awareness, capitalism criticism, all packaged together into a cohesive and fluid ""time is of the essence"" storyline to save multiple species from enslavement and extinction.I'm not going to wet my britches over the fact that this game has only a 91% positive rating, as I know quite a few people who view New 'n' Tasty negatively are actually total fanboys of the Oddworld games and have taken issue with some of the creative liberties in the new version of the game. Some cutscenes are altered, people swear the voices are different (honestly I don't notice the difference but w/e), and there are gripes that it doesn't seem as dark.All I'm going to say is that the new version is great because it's a remastered version of what I consider to be a Playstation 1 masterpiece, and updated versions of classic games can never be bad because even if you don't like it, there's always the old version that can be played."
76561198297490020,Recommended,314660,23904082,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,umayo,u know what else is new 'n' tasty ...... my review of this game 9.5 out of 10
,Recommended,314660,23942696,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Epimarshall,"is anyone else getting NNT.exe not working and the game crashes? loving the game so much, but its crashed twice now :("
,Recommended,314660,14666601,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Equation™,"Great update to a great game, I first played the demo of Abe's Oddysee back in the 90's on a demo disc from the Offical Playstation Magazine. I fell in love with the games wierdness straight away, I must of played that same demo at least 50 times! I never ended up playing the full game as I was at school and didn't have any money to buy it, I got games for Xmas but for some reason ended up forgetting about this one.I'm so glad I can replay this game again but with a fantastic update that has made it more atmospheric than ever! The beggining gives me nostlgia of playing that demo back in the 90's, even though it has been created again from the ground up it has perfectly recreated the same vibe that the original had.The only flaw I have found with the game is that the controls (when using a 360 controller) are too sensitive, it appears there is no deadzone so the slightest nudge (or even if the stick doesn't fall perfectly back into place) will mean that Abe will continue in that direction... Very frustrating for this kind of game.the developers are aware of this issue though and have promised an update soon to amend it.* EDIT *Developer has fixed the deadzone issue, Controller works a treat now."
,Recommended,314660,15181627,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,With patch 1.02 finally my xbox360 controller is working and I can enjoy this great GAME.It has beautiful graphics and challenging puzzles. Great FUN !
,Recommended,314660,14653272,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kokeh,I farted continuously for 5 minutes. 10/10
,Recommended,314660,14655336,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ダニエル,"Oddworld Inhabitants make their unexpected - but by no means unwelcome - return to the titular planet of Oddworld in this remake of the classic Abe's Oddysee game. Once again you play as Abe as he attempts to escape RuptureFarms while saving his buddies from being turned into next month's brand new meat product.Newcomers to the series will find a nice mix of action, adventure, platforming, puzzle solving and just enough nail-biting close shaves to keep you on edge all the way through, at just the right difficulty to make sure you're only pulling out some of your hair instead of all of it.Returning players may be tempted to proudly declare that they already know the ins, outs and secrets that the continent of Mudos has to offer. Oh how wrong we were to feel that way. New secret areas have been thrown into the mix and each level has been redesigned to throw us off guard, but still retains enough from the original designs to provide the nostalgia we wanted.Along with other changes such as improved sounds and visuals, the ""All o' ya!"" gamespeak command has also been introduced. Previously unavailable in the original but added in Exoddus, this command allows you to get the attention of groups of Mudokons, making sections that were more difficult than they should have been a lot more manageable. Characters also have idle lines, and baiting Sligs is now more fun than ever thanks to the increased number of responses, such as being confused as to who just said hello to them or mentioning that they should lay off the Scrab Cakes.All in all, New 'n' Tasty definitely lives up to the name. Nicely new, and absolutely tasty."
,Recommended,314660,14660753,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Remove Shockwave,"Oddworld Abes's Odsysee on the PS1 Pretty much sums up my childhood and I think it's the greatest game ever.........What's that a remake..Meh it might suck right,WRONG!  I WOULD PAY $60.00 FOR THIS, AND ITS $17  IT IS LIKE REVISITING MY CHILDHOOD WITHOUT THE ANNYOING THINGS IN THE ORIGINAL. AND THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING AND IT RUNS GREAT SO BUY IT NOW! IF YOU ARE NEW OR OLD TO THE SIERES HAVE FUN!"
76561198003152519,Recommended,314660,29385298,Posted: 20 January,all,Dante,"Cool childhood game given a great remake. The remake is just as challenging in places as I remember the original being all those years ago.""Hello""""Hello""""Follow Me""""Okay""10/10"
,Recommended,314660,21912881,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SuperJaybles,"This is a great revisiting of the puzzle games I loved growing up, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,314660,34699467,Posted: 2 September,all,Xenikogiannis,I JUST DONT LIKE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.♥♥♥♥ OFF.
,Recommended,314660,23703254,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,rick & morty is a show for kids,literally as much fun as the original. good remake
,Recommended,314660,14659087,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Twistedsnail,"EDIT: Review initially bad because of incredibly poor controller support, but now that has been patched.The game has a good feel to it, the addition of free-throwing is excellent.With the added group greeting from Exoddus and some clever and intuitive mudoken management some puzzle are significantly more satisfying.The art direction and audio mixing isn't quite what people had expected.This review shares many of the reasons:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkhDrngAQZ0This is a step in the right direction for Oddworld and I hope there are more games to follow."
,Recommended,314660,14679382,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Razivoid,Best Fart Simulator 10/10
,Not Recommended,314660,31819843,Posted: 18 May,all,Geckow,"Let me start by saying that Oddworld is and will stay my favourite franchise ever, but only Oddysee and Exoddus, not the others in 3D. The reason I don't like them is the same reason I don't like New 'n' Tasty : it is not the same in 3D.I know that Munch's Oddysee and Stranger's Wrath are not meant to be like Exoddus or Oddysee, but the 3D universe in those 2 games didn't really fit for me.I think that the main thing that made me love Oddworld in the first place when I was a kid is the universe made out of boards. Each boards were unique in their own way (by the colours, what's happening in the background...) and even though I was so damn hyped for New 'n' Tasty, at the end I am truly disappointed. I am disappointed because this is not the same at all. The principle of boards disappeared, the sounds are totally not the same (I don't feel the magic in Abe enchantment anymore, and Scrabs sounds weird...), some scenes that were beautiful for me are so much different now, the gameplay is not the same with this 3D universe...I kind of lost all the landmarks I had while playing the original, and I thought I would need a lot to lose them because I can't remember how many times I've done the Oddysee (on PS1, on PC, on PSP...), but I sure know some parts of the game by heart.Now, I'm not saying that New 'n' Tasty is bad in itself, that they didn't put any effort in it. The textures are great, the lighting is impressive, the background is rich, the Mudokon's voices are funny (not Abe)... but for me, the 1997 version is way above.I'm sorry if I sound like an elitist (especially with my profile picture) in some way, but I had so much hype for this remake and I kind of feel let down because it's too different from the original. It's not the same magic that in Oddysee, not the same gameplay (because the boards are gone. In the orignal, you could hide from a slig just by running from a board to the other).I truly love Oddworld, I can confirm that this game made me love video games, but I can't love this remake and I have read that some people are exactly like me. I'm happy that they have done it though, because it allow people who didn't know about Abe to go on an adventure with him.Should you buy this game ? Yeah you should, it is a well made platforms game. But if you are buying it, please try to do the original version of 1997 first, or at least the beginning when you escape from RuptureFarms. I know the graphics will not be the same, but you will understand what I am talking about (and how the Scrabs sounds horrible)."
,Not Recommended,314660,24447410,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lycalys,"I'm happy that this series is making a comeback.From the graphics that actually display, the game looks really nice. The sound is also really nice. When there aren't huge white missing textures or other graphical errors on the screen, it's really immersive and captures the feel of the original games.It's just a shame that the PC version still has many gamebreaking bugs and minor bugs years after release. I've heard a lot of them arise from FPS and controller issues, but there's no excuse for them not being fixed after this long. If you happen to have a PC setup that is susceptible to these issues, then you can't finish the game unfortunately.I've heard the PS4 version actually works properly, so I'd probably get it on there if you want to play it."
,Not Recommended,314660,35109964,Posted: 21 September,all,Sebenko,"Moving to 3D ruined this game.Instead of being tile based like Abe's Oddysee, the game uses modern floaty granular movement. If you've played the original, you'll remember how important crouching right next to something dangerous like a meat grinder and moving quickly is. In New n Tasty, pressing left doesn't just turn you around, it moves you slightly in the direction you pressed. For a game based around precise movement, this totally ruins the game.Take, for example the first secret area, whre there are a series of meat grinders and a lever to control how fast they move- standing next to the lever, if you pull it, crouch and turn left to face the meat grinder, you then die as Abe moves slightly into the way of it.Using the steam controller was also frustrating, as the default config refused to work until I switched to a community one and back and enabled an Xbox config option in steam's big picture settings. Having analog movement where you start moving slowly as soon as the analog stick is moved even slightly mean getting under the fast meat grinders in the first secret area is pretty much impossible, too.Only a few minutes of my time were actually playing the game, most of it was trying to get the controller working. Long enough to decide I'd much rather play the original."
,Not Recommended,314660,34159152,Posted: 10 August,all,Elizabeth Mills,"I have thoughts on this game.I never played the original Oddworld, so I hold no nostalgic fuzzle-wuzzles for the source material. So this review is strictly of Oddworld as its own entity.What it gets right, it gets really,reallyright - the colors, sounds, and story, even including the hackneyed, trite Captain Planet themes and forced rhyming couplets, are charming to the point of absurd. It's clear that Oddworld is a masterclass in the grotesque cuteness that Jhonen Vasquez and Danny Elfman were also tapping into around the time of the original. And that charm and feel has to carry this game, because the gameplay, updated it may be, does not.Oddworld is a stealth puzzle platformer. This means lots of slow, precise movements. Oddworld's controls, however, want to be Crash Bandicoot or Sonic - all momentum and buildup/running. While the running animations are impressive, they're useless. You have next to no control over poor Abe as you will have him skidding off ledges, into bombs and on top of armed Sligs all game.Coupled with stingy checkpointing and awful ""load times"" (entirely artificial, as you have to watch Abe regenerate), and a quicksave that requires, no kidding, goingTHREE MENUS DEEPto quickload, means if you don't get the long sequence right the first time, you have quite the wait in front of you to retry.This is unacceptable. Poor Abe doesn't deserve what is done to him by you in this game, mostly because you are not trying to do it - it just is faulty controls. If you have the patience of a saint, or the willingness to approach a late-90s PSX game as an artifact, not a modern toy, you can get your fun out of it. I did, but I didn't finish because I just couldn't keep going back to the same room and reloading again and again to fail at the last jump.If Oddworld were released today, it would come with a full rollout of Hot Topic gear for the kids, little plush Abes and Paramite Pie keychains. Sadly, its moment has passed.Godspeed, Abe. May you find your gameplay in the next generation."
,Not Recommended,314660,25654795,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mikey,"This game is epically frustrating and the controls are clumsy as hell, which just means moving very slowly through the game. I got stuck on one part where I realised I was just not standing correctly under a lever, which was never established as part of the game mechanic, so I was only guessing was part of the game. And the running from platform to platform was quite boring, laborious and annoying. The game isn't a really a puzzle game but a combination button reaction test game.I remember my brother having this game when I was young but I never played it, however it seemed to be very popular at the time. Now, I'm guessing, it's very popular for nostalgia. It's not a terrible game but Steam doesn't offer a rating system, but if I was honest I'm not likely to complete it and I wouldn't really recommend it, unless you played it in the 90s.I suspect this is how the game has been reviewed as well, not by its playability but it nostalgia overload. So I would be wary, buy it, play it for less than two hours, (unlike me who was determined to like believing it would get better because of the reviews), if you didn't like the initially, well, the rest is pretty much the same thing over and over but even harder, so just refund it."
76561198131783870,Recommended,314660,14653274,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Respawn,You hear that sound. That's Oddworld fans fapping all over the world.But seriously though if your a fan of Oddworld you should definatly play this.[EDIT]: just completed. now fapping with said fans.
76561198148135163,Not Recommended,314660,29577929,Posted: 29 January,all,Trompetski,"Impossible to play or even sometimes launch on OS X El Capitan (version 10.11.6).Crashes randomly on launch, cutscenes, playing phase or loading. Some other times the game does not crashes but suffer from stuttering an execrable FPS.My setup in case it would explain some of these issues:- I5 3,2 Ghz- 16 Go DDR3- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 675MXI tried running it at minimum settings, it did not worked.I'm pretty p****d, i liked Oddworld on Ps1 very much and i wish i could play this one. Plus I don't understand when I see this much complains (all system included) that the game was distributed if it's this instable and buggy.I am thinking about getting a refund...Anyway if you can play, have a good time revisiting this awesome game.Ps: sorry for bad english."
76561198015337161,Not Recommended,314660,29073859,Posted: 6 January,all,gumbeto,"Pros: puzzles, story, humour, characters, environmentsCons: playability (controls feel quite rough); bugs that developers have acknowledged in the forums but never fixed: e.g. area where Elum creature is needed but spawns above an elevator hole and falls out of the game; grinder speed too fast and unpassable in secret area); both required chapter restarts.Giving it up and feeling ripped off."
76561198027789827,Not Recommended,314660,29094445,Posted: 7 January,all,spitfire1452,"The game has good intentions of reviving an old classic, but fails to deliver.  The graphics work very well, but removal of the side scrolling screens ended up changing the game drastically.  Changed puzzles and challenges to accomodate this ultimately end up being glitchy and frustrating.  Quick saves remove the challenge and leave some obstacles simply to chance.  The worst offense is the brightening of the game and removal of the darkness that made the originals atmosphere so great.  Made much more of a cartoon.  I was willling to look past the thematic changes but the gameplay felt clunky and unpolished at best.  Am a huge fan of this franchise and was unwilling to finish."
,Not Recommended,314660,34126088,Posted: 9 August,all,Khelwood,"I loved the original Oddworld. I was looking forward to this. But on the mac it is unfathomably difficult to get my controller set up correctly. I've tried remapping the controls, and adding config files; none of it has worked properly, and it is not worth all this effort. Bad show."
76561198016077926,Recommended,314660,14673600,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Vashe[PS4N : vashe9],"Awesome classic game with HD graphics.If you liked the original, buy this one !Perfect 60fps in 1080p (as expected lol) with 760gtx"
76561198297055869,Recommended,314660,29716139,Posted: 5 February,all,DramaLlama,"Hello! I made a video on all the Abe games and my thoughts, here it is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0FIg6a12TU"
,Not Recommended,314660,32124952,Posted: 2 June,all,Knightmare,"I really liked the original Game, but i cannot play this one, no matter what i try no inputs are recognized. (Controller and Keyboard - only Mouse works). A look into the steam forum shows Im not alone with the Problem either, so I cannot recommend this one until those Problems are fixed!"
,Not Recommended,314660,35117118,Posted: 21 September,all,Catpain Marion McTebb,"I was enjoying this, once I figured out how to get it to work properly with xbone controller, I thought this is entertaining. Then 30% into the first chapter it stops responding, I reload the game it crashes 3 more times in the space of 5 minutes with no clear cause, then I load it up for a final attempt and my saved game is gone.Sorting out the controller is like many other negative reviews say; a pain the♥♥♥♥♥ however what none of them tell you is; there is a quick and easy way to set it up with Steam's big picture, in the community guides, if you do buy it, check that out if you plan on using a controller. Also in the in game control settings, you will want to turn on the last 3 options, side ways jump, button to run and one button chant.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=940724386The crashes though, I have spent an hour looking for a fix, there are alot of people complaining about crashes but no fix, not so much as suggestion. There is no clear cause, it's just random. And the lost save is most annoying, I mean as I say I was only about a third of the way through the first chapter, could probably redo it in 10-15minutes, but I don't see the point if it's going to get lost again, most likely further into the game.I say; despite not recommending it, give it a try, if you get the same crashing issues refund it."
76561198057735188,Recommended,314660,14659402,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Vengeance,Loved the game when I was a kid. New 'n' Tasty makes the love come back again.
76561198063989894,Recommended,314660,14651068,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,StalkinU,"IMPORTANT UPDATE.--------------------------------If at any time this game gets a review saying it crashes for some reasonDO NOT BUY IT!This company has not nor will it ever look into crashes.Just look at strangers wrath HD, had I known it was the same company I would've never bought this game.--------------------------------Yup, awesome.Still managed to lose 50 workers in the 1st 30 minutes.Brings back memmories xD.Talking is awesome, hitting walls is awesome, accidents are awesome.Mines are hard, cutscenes are hard, keyboard controlls are rough.Hope this dev is already working on a part two, cause man this is awesome.Makes me wanne check out strangers wrath HD again, eventhough that game couldnt be saved on my pc.In any case, besides a few design flaws in the creature models which sadly are a pain to watch if you are into modelling.This game is a must have."
76561197970517990,Not Recommended,314660,20476851,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AceMaverick,There are a lot of bugs that will prevent you from completing missions. Very frustrating to be stuck on a level for an hour just to watch a YouTube walkthrough and relies you will need to reset the mission because a bug exists.
76561197999055142,Not Recommended,314660,34040694,Posted: 5 August,all,DAMN FIDDLE,Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee is superior game.The only thing New 'n' Tasty excel at is the game resolution and lot of bug too.
76561198063211267,Not Recommended,314660,20736825,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,cswaeney,If you have an xbox one controller forget this game.
76561198111181104,Not Recommended,314660,20251786,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MortalCombatX,Amazing graphics.. good sound.. broken controlls i cant even use the keyboard to play the game. and will freeze when i attempt to use the keyboard. other than that the game is top notch. so untill the game is playable i don't recomend buying it. EDIT: My issue seems to stem from a problem with ubuntu/linux and have not determined if the game will run in wine so ubuntu/linux users keep in mind that the game may not be fully playable.
,Recommended,314660,24745783,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥♥♥♥
76561198317309823,Not Recommended,314660,24558425,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,chrisdean678,"every time i try to open my saved progress it just opens to a green screen and I have to start the whole game over again hoping it does not freeze again. waste of money , but the orginal game was good."
76561198166492250,Not Recommended,314660,30172507,Posted: 25 February,all,house.fenton,"This game STILL does not work with a wired Xbox controller on Macintosh. And yet it STILL says ""full controller support"". Shame that such a good game is marred by rude Oddworld staff who refuse to address issues (this has been brought up many, many times.. and ignored many, many times)."
,Not Recommended,314660,20717186,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Unhinged Lemur,"At first glance, Oddworld New N' Tasty feels and plays true to the original, and the graphics upgrade adds a lot of interesting depth to the levels. The game itself is, odd keyboard controls aside, nothing really to complain about, and nothing to write home about; the game is decent and exactly what you expect going in....save for that it crashes violently, overrides default processor settings, and generally refuses to work.I've installed and uninstalled the game twice now, and spent hours troubleshooting, and it continues to surprise me with new ways to crash. It's not a hardware issue. I've had three different kinds of errors and crashes now, ranging from the game overriding my processor settings to use the integrated chip (which obviously can't handle the game), to not communicating to the driver, to straight-up just instantly shutting my computer down. The one common thread has been that everytime it crashes, it crashes violently; my screen goes black, Windows completely shuts down and the computer literally stops functioning in any way until I force it down. I have to restart and boot-up from the safety screen everytime.It seems like a decent game well worth your's and mine's time, but it simply isn't well polished enough. Give it a try if you like, seeing as this seems to be a rare issue, but be prepared for ""odd"" crashing behavior."
,Not Recommended,314660,35090514,Posted: 20 September,all,Nexcoyocoatl,"I rarely do it, but I'm refunding this game.I've seen how they butchered the original game that I loved to play when I was a kid, but I thought it would be fun to play this newer version since I had problems with the controls in the old PC version.But nope.Controller support is completely broken in this game. Good luck if you have any controller that is not an official Xbox One/360 one. I've even seen people in the forums complaining that they have offiicial controllers and it still doesn't work.I know how to look for solutions to fix broken games, and I even managed to play the mess that is Deadly Premonition, but this one is in another level. Some controllers just won't work, and playing this game on keyboard is as much as a hassle as trying to fix this.Full controller support my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,314660,24435449,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,deathday,Doesn't work with Xbox One controller. Doesn't seem to work with keyboard either. Only other option I have is a PS Nav controller which works perfectly except it has no pause button or ability to save game. So ♥♥♥♥ me I guess.
76561198135727013,Not Recommended,314660,26426368,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,fiziologus,Good game broken asshands JustAddWaret's team (yeah remember Munch).
76561198013325716,Not Recommended,314660,29547269,Posted: 28 January,all,Aedra,"I was excited to see this redone and on steam. The original was a great game. Once installed, it looked great, but meditation controls it didn't work using steam box. Tried a bunch of recommendations online to fix, none worked. Others had posted the fixes didn't work for them either, despite patches. I asked for a refund."
76561198020144608,Recommended,314660,28930110,Posted: 1 January,all,Clark Kent,gg
,Not Recommended,314660,32402756,Posted: 13 June,all,Micki Clone,"I enjoyed the old Oddworld games on console when I was a kid, but this game on PC seems drastically different. The keyboard controls are frustrating and there's too many instances of ""random"" bad luck where I found myself constantly dying and restarting an area. I may just suck too much at this game, but I suggest only playing this if you have a HIGH level of patience and don't mind the repetitiveness."
76561198085926417,Recommended,314660,14656074,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Coleco_84,"A classic remade (not a lazy remaster), having a quicksave option and checkpoints makes the game a lot more forgiving than the original one, but make no mistake, saving all your friends is no joke!"
,Not Recommended,314660,20600168,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Krycklund,They added water to it alrightThey watered it down.  B)
76561198042415109,Not Recommended,314660,29402590,Posted: 21 January,all,THB,"I love the look and feel of this remake, but the gameplay is awkward to the extent that it's like it hasn't been properly play-tested. The new HP and quicksave features feel like necessary crutches to stop you going insane at the odd quirks in gameplay. Just play the original - it's sweet and simple, and it doesn't feel like it wants you to lose."
,Not Recommended,314660,25070821,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ven,"I regret buying this, honestly. Why was this made? The original's graphics still hold up today, the original's controls were more responsive, the original was already hailed as a masterpiece. Literally the only good thing they have added is an autosave. Which the sequel Abe's Exoddus had anyway. Which they're also remaking, unfortunately.The cutscenes are nicer, but in-game, instead of the wonderful jaw-dropping painted backgrounds we're used to, there's nothing but a bunch of lens flares and jarring neon lights."
76561198199576801,Not Recommended,314660,30017541,Posted: 18 February,all,TheRavic,"Mistakes were made during the development of this gameMistakes that were never addressed...Save yourself some cash, get Abe's OddyseeIt's a much better version of this game"
76561198052269383,Not Recommended,314660,20303697,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Flak,"I'm using an Nvidia controller, and the triggers don't work."
76561198039349526,Not Recommended,314660,25565018,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Shrink,"Unfortunatelly I must say I dislike this game. I never played any Oddworld, but after reading a couple of good reviews I decide to try this one out. I also love arcade puzzle platformers, so I thought I can not be bad. But it is. There is no tutorial in the game, movement is very clumsy, and generally you don't know what you should do with all the voice commands and for me it was confusing and annoying."
,Not Recommended,314660,17190569,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Nab,Looks nice. Sometimes sounds nice. If that is enough for you go ahead and buy.Just stay away if you are on Linux and expect a game. The controls just don't work. Never have and probably never will since the last 'hotfix' for something as trivial as getting a bloody controller to work is months old and didn't do the trick
76561198028128607,Not Recommended,314660,16734167,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,(---ANDY---),"The mac version of this game continuously crashes on me in random places and it's gotten to the point where it won't progress past one certain cutscene without crashing. I have tried contacting customer support around eight times. Each time I either get no response, or asked for additional info and then inobody every gets back to me. I know others have had the same problems and I think it's very poor that we have spent our money on this game, can't even play it and are being offered no support. This would be a great game if it actually worked."
76561198123978935,Not Recommended,314660,18782720,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,tacparanoid88,"laggy , buggy and lack of control"
76561198143527122,Not Recommended,314660,16195532,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Reave,"I bought this game because I played it when I was younger.  I read some reviews about the controls being difficult to work with, but thought I'd give it a chance because I remember liking the story so much.  Well, long story short, I found the game more frustrating at times than fun.  The controls seem delayed, and the slightest wrong tap of a button could lead you to death for the 20th time.  Not every moment of the game was like this, but I suppose I just didn't find the game fun anymore but more tedious and repetitive with different variations of the same type of scenarios.  Sure it's probably due mostly to the type of gameplay that was common back when the original was made, but I'm sort of disappointed I spent $20 on this game.  So, in short, I don't recommend it."
76561198026060499,Not Recommended,314660,17312416,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Concavator,I'm sorry but the Mac version performs bad compared to windows version.  You need a very powerful mac (better than a retina mac book pro 2012) to play this game at playable frameratesWindows version is fine.
,Not Recommended,314660,16680574,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sonic in a Dress,"Would be worth it if the game worked as advertised, but seeing as we're more than three months out from release and they still haven't fixed the major Gamespeak bugs on the Linux version I would not recommend buying it."
76561198023225067,Not Recommended,314660,16189439,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PsychoPierre,"I have great memories of the game BUTUpdate :So in the end, there is a fix for mac gamers using controllers...1) You have to go into the Steam folder for the app2) There is a ""Help"" folder, in which you while find a file ""ExampleKeyMapCustomController.cfg""3) Duplicate and rename the file ""KeyMapCustomController.cfg""4) Move the file into the app package :NNT.app > Settings > ""a folder with a bunch of numbers as a name""5) Personally I used the settings found on the forums for a Xbox 360 controller on the mac.As of 2015.06.04 the game doesn't work properly with an Xbox 360 controller on OS X 10.10.3.You can play on the keyboard (disconnect the controller first), but it is a really annoying issue present since the release of the game.So instead of hopping for a fix like me, wait a little further if you use a mac."
76561198063663694,Not Recommended,314660,16709165,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,boony,"I bought this to play on my iMac, superb graphics and real fun to play. Like being a kid again.Sadly it keeps crashing on me at certain points and sometimes at random which is completely killing it for me.I paid for this and I expect it to work, not be plagued with constant issues.Untill this is sorted out, it's not being recommended from me, no matter how much I love this game."
,Not Recommended,314660,17654187,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Untamed Caviar,"If your plan was to ruin Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee, this was a masterpiece. You couldn't have ♥♥♥♥ed it up more if you tried. You goofed the audio, the visuals, and somehow, even the controls. It's amazing that you made a game 17 years after the original, which nevertheless looks, sounds, and plays worse than it. Congratulations on resurrecting Abe, just to prove that you could kill him.P.S. Whose idea was it to hire the 13 year old from DeviantArt to do the post-processing? They made a very subtle use of bloom."
76561198395319260,Not Recommended,314660,34844383,Posted: 9 September,all,Neveyle,"Crashed 10 times in 2 days and no ps controller support even though its a ps1 remake. always crashes in paramonia, unplayable. It was very hard to play with a keyboard and now in can´t even finish it.macOS Sierra3,2 Ghz Intel Core i58GB 1600 MHz DDR3NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680MX 2048 MB"
76561198077634285,Not Recommended,314660,15919868,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Matty2e,"I remember playing this game when I was kid! It was a blast to sit in front of the TV late at night with my buddies trying over and over again to get our fearless hero, Abe, through a variety of puzzles and fun obstacles.The reboot, is no different. The game itself looks great and offers me that same excitement ... or at least it would if the game worked with my controller.I have a Logitech F310 controller that works great with most games, and I assumed it would work with New n Tasty. No dice. I saw on the games page that it had full controller support; but neglected to see that they meant Xbox controllers only. Is that really full controller support? Isn't that partial controller support?I later found out they were working on a fix to add additional controller support to include mine. Great! I played through most of the game on a mouse and keyboard, but found the game play more irritating than enjoyable. In my opinion, this game needs to be played with a controller. That's how it was originally designed when it was released in the 90's.When the patches came, my controller still didn't work. I sent an email to support to see if they would help me. No response. I waiting for the second patch that insisted that it fixed all controller issues. Still no improvement. Another patch came out that would let  gamers remap the controls if they could get into the game files and then write out the code. I WOULD NEVER HAVE PAID MONEY FOR A GAME I HAD TO PARTIALLY DEVELOP SIMPLY TO GET IT TO WORK.There's has been another bug fixed released that promises it fixes all of my troubles ... but it doesn't. In fact, I'm pretty sure it did nothing at all.The developers have been nothing short of rude and unhelpful by not responding to my inquires and not offering me a refund for an incomplete game. In short: This whole experience has wasted my time, money and patience.It's a sad rip off of what was once my favorite game."
,Not Recommended,314660,19226883,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Emperor Salty,"I took the positive reviewer's advice and ignored the negative reviews about the controller issues figuring it was a fluke or something (most were using Big Picture in the living room - I wasn't).Dumb mistake on my part.   When I start the game with a controller plugged into the computer, Abe freaks the heck out like someone is pushing all controller buttons at once.  This renders the game unplayable with a controller.Some reviews say it's fine with just the keyboard (seem to work okay when the controller is unplugged) but I specifically bought it for the controller experience as it advertises, ""full controller support.""  So if you are good using only a keyboard, have at it.I'm using a brand new wired XBox 360 controller (by and from MS, not a cheap knock-off) with Windows 10 with a desktop that exceeds the requirements listed by the developers.  The controller and system works great with a wide range of games from Skyrim to Battleblock Theater to Final Fantasy 7, but not with this one.  So basically $20 down the toilet since the developers in the forums have for the most part denied there is an issue but then followed with the promise of a hotfix without a delivery date.Oh, well. Live and learn.  Sometimes the negative reviews are correct!"
76561198004275734,Not Recommended,314660,19099733,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,enwired,"Cute, but far too hard.  It basically consists of a series of separate puzzles.  But it is easy to find oneself stuck in a particular puzzle that you can't solve with no way to back out and go do some other puzzle."
76561198116728128,Not Recommended,314660,18183822,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MONKEY,"NOT OPTIMIZED ( i didnt get over 30fps)NOT PROPERLY MAPPED OUT CONTROLS - i can run and jump on control but then i cant do other vital things, i cant run and jump on keyboard wtf and the running an screens are all weirdINGAME ADS not intrusive but still anoyying and distracting from storyANNOYING CONTROLS FOR BOTH KEYBOARD AND CONTROL SOME FUNCTIONS COMPLETLY MISSING GAME BREAKINGDISSSSAPPPOINTEDDD! not even angry just dissapointed consider this vital feedback steam, believe me other gamers wont take the time to highlight the issues with games and the things they want to see.UPDATE: apperently they updated: but im not willing to pay for it again just to play and test it... my advice play the original works perfectly"
,Not Recommended,314660,29181701,Posted: 11 January,all,Rini,"Im a big fan of Oddworld and I hate to leave a bad review. As soon as you start playing it, it's bugs everything. The entire game is slowly all the time. Please fix this bug!"
,Not Recommended,314660,16144433,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kittenm4ster,"Nice game, and it's great Linux is supported, but the controller support is abysmal. There's really no excuse for not supporting an official wireless Microsoft Xbox 360 controller (on Linux) when every other game with controller support does, and widely-used free/open source input libraries (read: SDL2) do out of the box. Not only is this de facto standard gamepad not supported, having the wireless receiver plugged in actually causes the game to *freeze*, rendering it literally unplayable (again, on Linux).If they ever fix this, I will gladly change my recommendation to ""Yes"".UPDATE: I should mention that a patch has now been released that allows one to create a custom mapping file and the aforementioned crash no longer occurs. The game is now fully playable with a wireless Xbox 360 controller, but the fact that a custom controller mapping text file has to be created means it's still not a download-and-run, ""full controller support"" experience. I appreciate the stop-gap measures provided by the developers, but a complete/proper fix is still very much needed."
76561197981477691,Not Recommended,314660,15870304,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,'T'aRs 'T'aRkas,I love this game so damn much! But I cannot recommend it right now. x360ce / xinput support is ♥♥♥♥ed up and the game is not playable with a/my controller. This is my very first review - because I'm so ANGRY about this. I would never even think about to start the game with keyboard controls. So please FIX THIS as soon as possible!
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,314660,31250286,Posted: 19 April,all,mikku3,Should be fun but the lag / delay with my Xbox controller is pathetic. Hit a button and it takes almost a second for the game to respond - and I have  high spec machine. When every millisecond counts in a game that is unacceptable. Why do  publishers release games when the devs have not done their job properly.
,Not Recommended,314660,18191062,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rutiancoren,"Abe's Odyssee? More like Abe's Oblivion.I have to be honest I bought this game with high expectations, but in the end all I got was a once wonderful franchise being♥♥♥♥♥♥on and served as a new installment.The only thing that's better in this game than the original Abe is graphics. That's it. It's sad really, cause if they spent more money on level and gameplay designers and less on graphics engineers this game might have been half-decent.Now this game might be for you if you fit into one of the criteria below:- Your definition of a challenge is making the same jump 3 times in a row.- What you expect from a puzzle-platformer is not being able to solve puzzles but frame-perfect execution.- You like having seizures based on ridiculous graphical effects and obnoxious sound effects.Otherwise, this game is just a waste of time for everyone involved. It is a waste of time for the developers. It is a waste of time for players, hell it is even a waste of time for the distributor.TL;DR Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197984915496,Not Recommended,314660,34699226,Posted: 2 September,all,Blue Morpho,"I pulled my earlier review because I started today and OH MY GOD! IT ACTUALLY AUTOLOADED MY QUIKSAVE!.... Then I died... and it autoloads my f***in' checkpoint again. Seriously, what the f***."
76561197986351493,Not Recommended,314660,18175661,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,fantomas,Crap
,Not Recommended,314660,15331495,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Metroixer,"combining all the different versions of abe's oddysee i own, i probably have at least 50 hours clocked into the original game. when i beat this game i did not want to play it again. maybe it is because i am getting older. i wish i did not spend 20 dollars"
76561197976660312,Not Recommended,314660,14941450,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MacAttack,"I bought this game based on the current reviews and also, my earlier addiction to the series - in particular, Exoddus.Sorry, but this does not compare. Yes, it's 'nice' graphically, as in, it's been well-modernised. However, it's really boring and has none of the fun that we are used to with Abe.Whaddya mean I can't possess stuff or blow them up with green farts? Wasn't that the whole point?The controls (for pc) are clunky and slow - I realise Abe has gotten older as have we all, but he can't outrun anything and the 'cutesy' hesitation at the edge of anything/everything is only cute for the first 20 minutes - buddy - ya need to RUN now....So, whilst it has been relatively faithful to the originals - we are not playing those now as being outdated - why replicate that with no improvements? It's pretty and some of the background comments from the mudokons and sligs are amusing. However, in all honesty, I'd rather play Exoddus and I can't give this the 'fantastic' review flavour that convinced me to buy it. So whilst I only have the option here of a thumbs up or down and not an in-between, I have to say it's a no for me; which is kinda unfortunate as it's nice to see a developer that actually cares about gamers - so if it were a points system out of 10 - I'd give it a 5."
76561197970719391,Not Recommended,314660,15205439,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,(UK) The Mawster,Buggy.Didn't finish due to bugs that the developer didn't fix.Really wanted to finish it. Now feeling very frustrated.For the second time my Elum has disappeared leaving me unable to continue.
,Not Recommended,314660,24546397,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Gigertag,"Poor gamedesign. Quick save is actually not a quick save at all, and there is so many flaws! 18 years has passed but this game is still in 1998. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,314660,14788809,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Scawt,"A worse version of the original game tbh. The music, voice acting and immersion of the world are all worse in my opinion. There was also an annoying bug at the time that I played the game with the fast meat grinders, where they were so fast that there was about one frame of safety in which you could actually make the roll, which meant that you sometimes spent 5-10 minutes quicksaving and attempting each roll over and over.It has one major quality of life upgrade which makes play a bit more enjoyable, which is the ability to have multiple Mudokans follow you at once (as you could do in Abe's Exoddus, but not in the original Abe's Oddysee). This was nice, but having just literally replayed the original Abe's Oddysee before playing New N Tasty, I don't really feel like this makes the new version an overall improvement.I don't regret buying the game, but I don't think it lived up to the original."
,Not Recommended,314660,35080256,Posted: 20 September,all,invaderzimtwo,"Go play the original instead, Oddworld Abe's Oddysee is free right now! Don't buy this abomination!To be honest I still remember when ""New 'n' Tasty"" was promised to us as a remake of Abe's Oddysee & Abe's Exodus, with promises to not change the gameplay at all, this new interpretation, though good to look at, is even more frustrating than the original's... not really what anyone wanted.I also found the intro video to be a mere mockery of what it once was, consisting entirely of concept art merged together with some 3D visuals here and there, both looking and feeling completely different.So glad I only paid around £3 for this, no wonder it is -75%, nobody wants it...The gameplay is no longer as smooth with this new interpretation and generally feels clunky, having to hold a button to go through a door rather than just press up on the directions, completely changing the level layouts to the point where they are barely even reminiscent of the originals, mainly down to the extended scenery, but it made for crucial changes in gameplay to the game, replacing shadows with smoke vents.I did like the new laser fences, but going back they were projected by the towers in the background into the foreground.A real shame, this could have been so much more, any future Oddworld title's will be unlikely to receive any interest from me."
,Not Recommended,314660,16886068,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Massnissa,i want my money back this game is sucklag even that i have the bes laptop ever and i cant buy 64 bit from heretrust me t=dont waste your money in this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972105175,Not Recommended,314660,35079169,Posted: 20 September,all,ED209,"I've all ways loved the oddworld games, this one from the short time I played with the Xbox 360 control is not great because you can't chant unless you reprogram the game you shouldn't have to do that. This is a Dev problem not a player problem.DEV'S FIX THE GAME"
,Not Recommended,314660,31665284,Posted: 10 May,all,Malli,meh
76561197967271190,Not Recommended,314660,34507740,Posted: 26 August,all,Lucky23,Pros:Graphics are OK for 1080pSupports AMD Crossfire (see cons)Cons:Frustrating GameplayPoor Keyboard Mapping (~ 30min remapping until game felt playable)Horrible Keyboard Input LagNo 21:9 Ultra-Wide Support (Max Native Res = 1080p)Game isn't fully optimized ~50-55 fps in 1080p with two R9 290x's in crossfire but over 100fps when crossfire is disabled.
76561198009586939,Not Recommended,314660,25386956,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gamer CAM,"I am the rare PC gamer who enjoys playing certain titles with a pad. I have had non stop issues with controller use on this game. Beyond not being able to replicate the classic controls (PS1 times), I tried to get to grips with the default controls but could not chant (using various pads including xbox 360 & steam controller). Really wanted some nostalgia but I cannot enjoy this game using a keyboard"
76561198214388296,Not Recommended,314660,14872404,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,balthier.naruto,"i have purchaced this game because it made me feel like i was a kid again playing on this playstation classic.on instaling and playing for the first time the graphics on the game are very juddery and jumpy, the screen cannot keep up with the game its self. i wonder if it is anything to do with my laptop or is it the game having flaws and faults. is anyone else experiencing the same errors as me???????"
76561198149233515,Not Recommended,314660,16179367,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,s.j.tulberg,This game sucks. It is the absolute worst. Everyone involved in it should be ashamed to have made such a profoundly stupid game. I hate it. I hate everyone involved with it. Nothing is good about it. Do not wast your money or time. You are better off playing solitaire or mine sweeper.
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,314660,29228514,Posted: 13 January,all,Dire,"I think I'm one of the few people who absolutely despise this game. Why? Mostly because the controls are utter trash. Grabbing a ledge or even simply walking can be a game over, since the game is either way too sensitive or doesn't accept your commands or register that you actually want to grab that ledge instead of standing 1 mm too far to the left and instead bump your head...Really the controls are the main reason I requested a refund for this game. The other is the gameplay itself. I was assuming a kind of jump n run style game, instead most of the time is spent sneaking around to not alert guards or avoiding enemies and triggering traps. Over and over again, because of the ♥♥♥♥ing camera angle. You also ""can"" (need?) rescue your fellow workers by going through an utterly annoying system of ""speech"" (like ""hello"" - ""follow me"" - ""stay here"", etc.). You have to repeat this for EVERY guy you want to rescue. Then guide them to a portal and chant. It's obnoxious and unnecessarily outdated. Instead of just pressing ""x"" to follow and ""x"" to stop for example.On to the camera: That asshat of a camera that lets you frequently walk into enemies unprepared like in level ""3"" where you're being told beforehand that it would be wise to ""mimic"" the guards, in before that same guard shoots you with an arrow, because he was off screen and you happened to walk to quickly in his direction. Oh right before that you have to avoid a set of falling rocks between pits of doom. Have I already mentioned how ♥♥♥♥ed up jumping in this game is? No? The motions are simply not ""fluid"" and feel forced/clunky. If your character suddenly doesn't decide to run instead of walk on a narrow platform that is. Oh, have I told you about how the game told me to ""leap"" into the abyss to exit the level and then I died, because apparently I didn't leap to exactly the right place? And then I had to repeat everything from the last checkpoint? Thankfully those are relatively close together, but still. The game just isn't any FUN for me.Edit: Apparently you can ""quick save"". I found it in the menu and read it in another review. Not sure if there's a button for it. Probably keyboard, but I use a controller and I think the game doesn't show me the keyboard prompts. And apparently you can also talk to ""all"" workers on screen with 1 command, though the game never really explained that if I recall. Or maybe it did, but I still had to say ""hello"" to each and every one individually before I could command them."
,Not Recommended,314660,34982252,Posted: 15 September,all,Messier74,"I'll keep this short and simple.The game runs poorly and crashes. Yes, i have the latest drivers, and my system's capabilities far exceed the recommended ones.It's unplayable.Also, I andvice you not to buy it just for a try, cause I only p̶l̶a̶y̶e̶d̶  endured it for 30 minutes and they won't give me a refund of their broken game."
,Not Recommended,314660,14716098,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Angeleek,"So while I absolutely LOVED the Oddworld series back in the day as they are innovative and just something different, for me, this remake falls a little short..I was super excited when I heard they were remaking this game as I really enjoyed the original and the games that followed, though sadly now they will just not run on my PC. I eagerly waited this to be released as it looked great! I have now played for about half an hour and the controls just do not feel right. It really doesn't feel as smooth as the original! The jump for example, it's pretty unresponsive. I don't like that a ""use"" button has been introduced and it just feels like it has been optimised for controller input, not keyboard.I will try playing for a little longer but after repeatedly finding, particularly my running jumps, failing, I quickly got fed up and quit.The game LOOKS great, however the feel is just not right. I hope maybe there will be a patch to optimise the controls but I will not hold my breath, so sadly if you want that authentic, nostalgic feeling, I think you will be greatly disappointed.:("
76561197991524678,Not Recommended,314660,14738426,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CHINA NUMBA WUN!,"Giving this game a neg feedback,still no fix for menu scrolling up,waste of $20.much like the other ports of the oddworlds games on steam,barely works or dosn't work at all.back to the psx and a copy of abes for some real programming/games.."
76561198015836903,Not Recommended,314660,29162397,Posted: 10 January,all,metalbatuk,This game does not work on my computer properly. Game is freezing while playing. I have MSI best computer but I do not understand it.
,Not Recommended,314660,29228407,Posted: 13 January,all,smsrampage,Game doesn't work with Steam Controller.
76561198058828212,Not Recommended,314660,30802961,Posted: 28 March,all,Valentine,"This game violates so many basic platformer guidelines. The jumping is terrible, the character is slippery, respawn takes longer than it should, and it goes on and on.Not worth buying in my opinion"
76561197990264548,Not Recommended,314660,14702766,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mliving,"Looks great so long as you try not to play it.I'm hugely disappointed with the MASSIVE framerate issues, load time hangs and not just starting at all causing me to hard boot my MacBook Pro with an i7, 16 GB ram and a Radeon HD chipset.Mac games in Steam are generally hit and miss with respect to quality and playability but this game is beyond any limits of acceptability.If anything, games like this and Steam in general on a Mac will undoubtedly convert more Mac users back to Windows for respectable gaming.Between sloppy games like this the deluge of unfinshed games being sold on Steam it's pretty much it's pretty much becoming a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole for gamers. Kinda reminds me of Windows for Gaming!!!"
76561198169184689,Not Recommended,314660,14707462,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,chirila.s.alexandru,"Huge performance issues with a PC that way over the recommended requirements, even with everything to minimum.  Makes it unplayable. Huge disappointment."
,Not Recommended,314660,28265006,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,deimosimpact,"The puzzles are too easy and boring.Nothing interesting in the gameplay.The soundtrack is uninspiring.The graphics are passable, occasionally good.The story is probably the best aspect, but not quite enough. It tries to talk about things that relate to the real world through allegory, but the presentation in voice acting makes it hard to pay attention and other aspects conspire to a similar effect."
76561198094896490,Not Recommended,314660,14670788,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,burlapbee,"Update the visuals, keep the controls, add a few fun things if budget/time/scope allowed it. That's all the developers had to do.As is, New n' Tasty is wracked with poor controls and haphazard button placement. (Throw grenades next to talk? Yes, I might want talk you and save your buns or turn you into gibs. A tough call we all face) The aiming is also equally wonky- to throw left you hit right shoulder. To throw right, you hit left shoulder. But there is also precise directional throwing- which could have been done with a single throw button to hold down, aim with the d pad/analog, and release to throw- you know, like in a ton of other games. Instead, throwing is divided and mapped to FOUR different buttons- each with a limited throw arc. Coupled with how throws are mapped, the simple task of throwing (compared to the original) is turned into a messy ordeal.Talking is also separated- “Normal” on the analog (Hello and Follow me) and everything else (six other commands- including the important “Wait” and “Look Out” Commands) mapped to different buttons. Again, the original (PS version) had an elegant solution- have them accessed by holding one of two buttons back buttons and press a face button for the command. Simple and fun.The game also crashes when the pause button is hit. That may be fixed in the future- but it's a terrible way to start out.I feel sorry for new players who never got to play the original- because Oddworld- Abe's Oddysee is one of the greatest games released in the 90's. It had great in scope, play style, difficulty, and story. A digital download can be found on a few modern consoles and the original PC game can played with a bit of software. Steam also has the original, however it is also finicky, so it may not be an option. Its also on the PlayStation 1- if that happens to be option for you. (Hey, PS2s and PS3s can read PS1 discs)To see one of the favorite games marred by unthoughtful control mapping disheartens me. Maybe it'll get patched. Maybe not. Not a dev, I'm not sure what they're thinking.But hey, at least its pretty."
,Not Recommended,314660,25272620,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LewdGeek©,Horrible game where the controller (XBOX ONE) is not working.
76561197982022431,Not Recommended,314660,14828327,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,stretched,one of the worst game i have ever played.
,Not Recommended,314660,14659121,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PirateGuy,"New, but not exactly tastyBefore people inevitably thumbs-down this negative review straight to hell, let me make one thing clear:I love Oddworld.I love the characters, the setting, I wanna support the devs and see new Oddworld games, I REALLY WANT TO LIKE THIS REMAKE but it’s just so meh I honestly regret dropping 20bux on it. Frankly, I could NEVER recommend this completelydisappointingremake to anyone other than the die-hard fan who needs to experience it all and has 20bux to burn, so if that describes you then I hope you enjoy the few positive points the remake has to offer.I could reword all the things I've said about this into a more traditional review, but I'm lazy and want to get the point across simply, so here's copypasted chatlogs followed by more substantial reviewingPirateGuy: CAN'T EVENPirateGuy: REBIND THESE BUSTED♥♥♥♥♥GAMEPAD CONTROLSPirateGuy: ♥♥♥♥S SAKE I LOVE ODDWORLD BUT THIS IS A MESSPirateGuy: I will say thatPirateGuy: it is well optimized as ♥♥♥♥ thoPirateGuy: very smooth, and if the buttons were bound properly (or at least rebindable, why is this not an option it's 2015) I would say it controls about as well as the originalPirateGuy: as far as remakes goPirateGuy: this is simultaneouslyPirateGuy: good and♥♥♥♥♥♥PirateGuy: because while it’s not BAD as a game (because I mean it’s basically 1:1 of oddworld that’s a classic come on) it’s just mostly pointless as a remakePirateGuy: a remake should be everything the original is but bring it into the modern age on a new engine, rightPirateGuy: but here while it g e n e r a l l y gets down the gameplay (♥♥♥♥ed up weird control issues aside) everything else is just off■■■■■■■: hum humPirateGuy: this guy p. much says everything I was thinkinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkhDrngAQZ0(SERIOUSLY WATCH THIS VIDEO IT EXPLAINS THIS AND EVERYTHING ELSE IN WAYS I BARELY BEGIN TO TOUCH ON IN THIS ""REVIEW"")■■■■■■■: sounds like teh silent hill hd versionsPirateGuy: yeah it’s likePirateGuy: they didn’t really ADD ANYTHING to make the remake that interesting, I might as well play the originalPirateGuy: it might’ve been okay on it’s own were it a different gamePirateGuy: but it’s NOTPirateGuy: it’sPirateGuy: a remake of oddworldPirateGuy: and if it can’t live up to the original’s design and aestheticPirateGuy: then what’s the point?PirateGuy: the only advantage this remake has is slightly smoother gameplay since it’s designed for modern specs that can load more things in a quicker fashionPirateGuy: but the improvements are marginal at best---PirateGuy: frankly I’m disappointed with the remake so farPirateGuy: the intro is a pale shadow of the original■■■■■■■■■■: The 3D one?PirateGuy: ?■■■■■■■■■■: Oh.. That one!■■■■■■■■■■: What don’t you like?PirateGuy: the VA for Abe in the intro isPirateGuy: oddly paced and awkward (also the glukkon voices are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the most part)PirateGuy: and there’s almostPirateGuy: none of the original atmospherePirateGuy: it’s like a team of people who didn’t understand the original game’s atmosphere or art direction just tried to make what they THOUGHT was a 1:1 copy and botched itall things considered, this engine is good (the scrolling screens make things nicely fluid imo and are one of the biggest positives about the remake), there’s a lot of potential here, but I feel this was all really a lot of wasted effort that would have been better used making an entirely new oddworld game with modern tech (of course, I would hope all the current issues wouldn’t have been present had that been the case; but if they can't do a proper remake, what hope is there for a new game?)I suppose at this point we’ll have to wait and see if we get the best qualities of the original and the remake in any potential future Oddworld gamesanyone can copy a game 1:1 given enough time (and I'm hesitant to say even that much was done well here), but it takes skill and care to successfully translate a game to a modern state without losing any of the original appealthis is where I think new n tasty fails, as it is seriously lacking in so many smaller details that come together to create the oddworld experienceSo to boil it down:PROS✔ Unity-based engine is fluid and well-optimized✔ Ads seen in console versions were removed✔ Scrolling camera is fluid and actually adds to the experience imoCONSXWhile basically true to the original as a remake is meant to be, has poor art direction and atmosphere, which is equally as important to what makes Oddworld what it is as the gameplay itself (this, as well as many other things, is fully explained in full detail in the embedded video. I STRONGLY recommend it)XTo my knowledge, no ability to rebind gamepad controlsXVA-work is off at some points, best seen in the pacing and overall awkwardness of the dialogue in the intro cinematicXMovement is forcefully bound to analog sticks on a gamepad. NOT GOOD"
,Not Recommended,314660,14658960,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,T7 MODS: YouTube: GODLIKE99KINGZ,"Bugged at Launch. Can't change Resolution nor Full Screen / Windowed Screen cos it freezes or just going back to default. Does not Support 21:9 Aspect Ratio. Graphic quality is Console transfer i think cos it doesn't look modern, looks rubbish."
,Not Recommended,314660,33650263,Posted: 19 July,all,CrossRoads ☮,"i bought this game cause it was 1 of the game i played the most when i was little.I instailled the game, saw it was made in Unity.. i unnistailed asap.. f*ck this crap go play the old one, anything is beter then unity"
76561198156192103,Not Recommended,314660,14651544,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,andydtkd,Crashes out when connected to steam and controller not supported?!Wait for an update if you're running on a Mac...Disappointing!!!
76561198053130417,Not Recommended,314660,14653108,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pontiac,6 ♥♥♥♥ing words per language ... That's too expensive to translate?
76561198058923872,Recommended,314660,18290774,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LCSwift,You know playing this game and watching monday nitro really takes me back to '97... a happier time. The game is still amazing and now in HD so buy it or ill cut you up into some scrab cakes!
76561197971761334,Recommended,314660,18301438,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Adonik,"Only a few hours into it but I beat the original on the Playstation back when it was released so I know what a classic this game is.  There's really none other like it, this and Abe's Exodus are what define the Oddworld series.  If you have half a brain and a crude sense of humor, get it."
,Recommended,314660,18192676,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dimmonoid,"Game of my childhood, thank you for remakeing calssical Oddworld to New 'n' Tasty and bring all my memories back."
,Recommended,314660,18224983,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Roasted Bunny,Hello. Hello. Follow me. Ok!
76561198009624182,Recommended,314660,18212811,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Chilli Dog Dave,"just went on a play through spree and decided it deserved a review.if you enjoyed the classic oddworld series you will love new n tasty, its a remake of one of the best of the oddworld series and i'm praying the second one exedus gets a remaster, because they did an amazing job with this one.i'm giving it a 9/10. but only because the controls are rather difficult and you'd think run could be toggled in this day and age especially since not all keyboard support more than 2 keys being held (i'm cheap i dont own a gaming keyboard) so i was forced to use a control key for running, not the most comfortable for my hands to use.but this was defo one of the best remakes i'v seen in many years and they did a brilliant job of making an old game new. those button mines really messed me up so many times like the old days."
,Recommended,314660,18208827,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sial,"This  is Masterpiece like the Monalisa, like Breaking Bad season5.Awsome graphic and control even compare with 2015 gamegameplay as GREAT as a good old day."
,Recommended,314660,18212635,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TMH{Cχ:$$},"Beautiful, charming, challenging an A+ game."
76561198029649733,Recommended,314660,18140103,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Major Tom,The entire Oddworld series is my childhood wrapped up in a bow. I felt thrilled but also terrified to step into Abe's shoes again. Enjoying the game every step of the way just the way I use to but with stunning new visuals for this fantastic art style. 9/10
76561198121310249,Recommended,314660,18147031,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,laurataylor7393,Great graphics and really fun to play!
,Recommended,314660,18162301,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nightswork,Love it~!!! :3
,Recommended,314660,18167504,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nisim4,"only play with keboard, thats my advise to you:Palso- because its more old school like that (if your used to pc version)"
,Recommended,314660,18166643,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,LB,just picked it up and im already in love with it ^_^
,Recommended,314660,18168509,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Octop,"Well worth the pricetag. Absolutely stunning game, as much of a wow factor today as it had back in the day comparing to current/nextgen games. It's a better game than the original."
76561198066553474,Recommended,314660,18176882,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Trustno1,Childhood revisited
,Recommended,314660,18235898,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,PartyPyrate,"This is a beautiful remake of Abe's Oddysse!  Absolutely recommend getting this.There are a few things to keep in mind though.1.  Controller Config.  You will most likely have to create your own controller cfg file as there is something buggy with how it works.  That is ok by me.  Devs even tell you how.  If you use a Logitech Dual Action on Windows I suggest looking at the cfg I posted.  I too the old PS controls and blended it with the new n tasty controls to make something I really like.2.  There are minor changes here and there to either fmvs or or puzzles but nothing to drastic.  I have a few minor gripes, but hey I can still play oddysee if I want to."
76561198057845808,Recommended,314660,17673868,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ClVlD,"Grew up on this game, and it has always been one of my favorites and i'm so happy to see this beautiful remaster"
76561198055831887,Recommended,314660,16985060,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tunkin,"This game invoked such a feeling of nostalgia - I played the original Oddworld games on my PSX, and thoroughly enjoyed them.The game follows the adventures of Abe, a Mudokon, and drone working for Rupture Farms.  He stumbles across a secret he'd rather not have found out about, and his mission is to rescue his fellow Mudokons.  Killing a few of his captors along the way doesn't hurt either.There is challenge in this game, and I'm pretty sure I picked up the 'Kill Abe 25 different ways' Steam achievement very early on.The new graphics really are great, and small changes like finding trapdoors for secret areas, rather than just disappearing behind some barrels were nice touches.I highly recommend this game.  If you played the originals, this game will remind you why you loved them so much.  If you're new to the franchise, prepare to fall in love with Abe, and his sweet little stich-lipped face."
,Recommended,314660,17358374,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Knuxfan24,*grazed by a bat & instantly ragdolls*10/10 would be killed by bats around giant swinging spiked boulders again.
76561198139040778,Recommended,314660,17220082,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Machine Gunn Eddie,"WOW!Just...WOW!If you're familiar with the Oddworld Series...BUY THIS GAME!If you've played Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee...BUY THIS GAME!If you love puzzles...BUY THIS GAME!If you think games are art...BUY THIS GAME!If you like an engaging story...BUY THIS GAME!If you like beautiful cutscenes...BUY THIS GAME!If you're a pascifist who hates violence in video games...BUY THIS GAME!If you hate fun, think that the only color pallette is from Brown to Grey, only like games with guns, are impatient or otherwise don't use their brain when playing games...DON'T BUY THIS GAME!That is all."
,Recommended,314660,17230731,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jamestb0060,So ive only play like an hour but still i can tell that it will be a very good remake and i usally dont like remakes but if you really liked the 1st game or even the second i would recommend this game. Bought back some great childhood memorys back when i 1st play the 1st one on ps1.
76561198043168588,Recommended,314660,15790270,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,neonwhite900,"That's how all remakes should be done. Some remakes just simply scale up the original game's visuals and nothing more. But this one goes even further. The whole game has been rebuilt from scratch in glossy HD. But even with the new fancy visuals, it maintains what makes the original a classic while adding several improvements that don't comprimise the creative vision. Showing even eventeen years after its original release, Abe's Oddysee is still one of the most strange, brilliant and original platformers around"
76561197982707244,Recommended,314660,16254096,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Wubba lubba dub dub,"The word Nostaligia comes to mind immediately. It's always a pleasure to play a solid remake of a classic.Help Abe on his journey to survive while saving his fellow mudokens from becoming lunch in this action packed puzzler.However I feel dissapointed with the sounds and voices, I think they could have been improved rather than leaving me feeling like they may have been better the first time around.Overall an excellent title that I'd recommend.My rating: 85"
,Recommended,314660,17559703,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valyrius,ahaha a rekame i like it
,Recommended,314660,17610718,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Asiris,Ahhh... the classics. I tried to play the old version so many times never being able to finish even first chapter. I can't even understand why. The game always looked great to me and that's why I had no hesitation buying New 'n' Tasty remake to give it another go.Finally I was able to fully enjoy the game! And oh boy the game is great. Loved every minute of it and would recommend it to everyone who loves games. Period.
76561198045155327,Recommended,314660,17586972,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mangled Flesh Addict,Fun but frustrating.
,Recommended,314660,16546191,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ravyn,"The original rage game has returned and looks better than ever.  You have infinite lives and can quick save anywhere, and you will definitely end up taking advantage of that.  This game has so much personality from the gamespeak to the idle dialogue that enemies and allies say when they're not interacting with or trying to kill you.  If you liked the original game from 1997, you should definitely pick this one up."
,Recommended,314660,16854287,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,NorseFTX,I was a fan of the Oddysey / Exoddus games and this was a wonderful return to Oddysey with a new look and polish. Solid platforming and great level design. This game is also hilarious.Arming a mine while a slig isn't watching and then seeing as it walks straight into it and blows into glorious bits all over the screen never gets old.
76561198031061119,Recommended,314660,16306357,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GulyFMG,"Let me start by saying that I'm a huge fan of the original two Abe titles.Fast forward 18 years and New'n'Tasty is here. It is shocking to see that this game is not only still amazing, its message is also still relevant and its gameplay is fresh. Everything from atmosphere to voice acting to graphics just.... works."
76561198115226378,Recommended,314660,16371742,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HappyEvilSlosh,"The Good: An amazing remake, very true to the original but also still quite fun to play through.The Bad: I found the controls a bit unresponsive. They have mixed around some of the functionality. For example I'm sure jumping in tubes used to be the up arrow but now such interactions are on their own key. Probably great if you're new to the game but annoying if you still remember the original key set up. I look forward to the Abe's Exodus remake they do, he says optimistically."
,Recommended,314660,16390230,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VB,"""They live in the temples, and that's where they still nest. and facing these creatures ,that was my test""man, seeing this pop up in my summer sale, i got giddy and immediately purchased this gemas a kid i enjoyed the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this! and i can tell anyone looking at the price, sale or no sale, it's worth every centit respects the original while improving gameplay, seamlessness and overall enjoyabilityif you're still not convinced by the better reviews out there........(there's a quicksave feature in the new version!)"
76561198025897448,Recommended,314660,17126801,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,J2 Ninja,"Old school fun, cant go wrong"
,Recommended,314660,18410176,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,gebagia,"A great remaster, I would like to see a remaster of abe's exoddus as well!8/10"
,Recommended,314660,18337937,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,JamieShadez,A very good and fun game! Very challenging with a dahs of humor! xD
,Recommended,314660,20379838,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Baal,"I recommend this game to all players, and especially fans of the old Abe games.  This remake captures the spirit of the original perfectly.Some minor issues, like tricky controls, but the original Abe wasn't perfect in that department either, so I guess it stays closer to the original than intended :)"
76561198267330207,Recommended,314660,20133903,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,moodphase5,"Amazing game, but it crashes every 10 mins on Macbook Pro 2012 with 16GB Ram. No reason a game like this should be crashing on this machine... not sure what causes it but seems to be loading errors between screens / stages... Anyone else experiencing this?Graphics, story etc are superb, but the gameplay is being spoilled a bit by the constant crashes. :("
76561197991156264,Recommended,314660,19952857,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Coco Cow Gamenerd,"After having a proper amount of time with this game it's everything I loved in the original and more! New players thikning this is a challenging game have no idea what the difficulty the original brought. The charm, Sound, and visual design in this game is exquisit.Had some early frustration in the new quick save feature, but over all I like it. Kinda bothers me that it asks the generic ""are you sure"" after each load, already has 2 variables to even pick the option. is a third really necessary?Hope this brings life back to the series. I've loved it since my early gaming day's."
76561197993909148,Recommended,314660,20140462,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ivan.michal,Very nice remake of a classic game. I've already forgotten how frustrating some parts of it were. But overall a nice experiemce. 8/10
,Recommended,314660,20312694,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CovfefeBean,"This brings back a lot of memories of when I used to play this game in the 90's. I think they did a really good job updating this and I hope they remaster the sequel as well. I would say the only gripe and this is very minor, is that the keyboard/controller toggle option in the menu is a little hard to notice, so it might seem like the controller isn't working at all and a lot of people had this issue. You also have to enable Xinput. Great game, worth the purchase."
,Recommended,314660,20265023,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zionder,Awesome remake of a wonderful game. Bringing back the childhood.10/10
,Recommended,314660,20218455,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Viceroy,"True to the original, this game is certainly worth it. Not only for the nostalgia, but also for the hope of more to come in this vein.Would rate 10/10. It really is everything you hope for, with a few tweaks to grabbing mechanics from the original and the addition of 3 difficulty levels, the hardest of which seems the closest to the original's difficulty.Addictive, challenging, beautiful."
,Recommended,314660,20506946,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jntesteves,"As good as I remember the classic from the 90's, great updated graphics, gameplay somewhat improved, although misses some tidying up compared to the original game.The movement acceleration (lag) makes for somewhat more ""real-looking"" movements, but can get frustrating when precision is required (like rolling under fast-moving grinders). All it requires is some getting used to, but it can take a WHILE to get used to that lag, it's huge.The latest update fixes the main problem, controller configuration! Now we can finally play with the Wireless Xbox 360 controller and DualShock 3/4 controllers via ScpServer driver.Graphics 8Audio 9Gameplay 8Controls 7Overall 8Highly recommended!Now, please, bring us Abe's Exoddus New 'n' Tasty! \o/"
76561198050407115,Recommended,314660,20591307,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[TREIBJAGD] der Tod,soooooo gooood! :D
,Recommended,314660,20516971,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,itspabz,"""Quiksave""..."
76561198183175039,Recommended,314660,20555767,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,General Sloth,"An overall great game- great soundtrack, visuals, and story. A definite must-play for gamers who like a good puzzle game,or just play for a good story. My only complaint is the fact that th controls are slightly sluggish. 9.5/10!"
,Recommended,314660,14654593,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Igenatius,"HD remake done right.If you don't despise puzzle platformers, get this. If you liked the original Abe's Oddysee or Exoddus, this is definitely for you!"
76561198196955799,Recommended,314660,20752820,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,HeroicCryptTune,"One of the best remakes I've ever played, brings back such good memories."
,Recommended,314660,21428502,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,rtx,Nostalgia at its best.Really good side scroller game. Game is short though. Wish this had an expansion of some sort.
,Recommended,314660,21268661,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Relic,"I had the original version back on the Playstation many years ago, This brought back memories. Best memory ever was:Abe: ""Hello""Fellow Mudoken: ""Hello!""Abe: ""Follow me.""Fellow Mudoken: ""Ok.""Fellow Mudoken walks into grinder and gets chopped to piecesMy friend and I laugh hysterically for 10 minutes because it looked so funny.10/10 Would chop fellow Mudokens again!"
,Recommended,314660,21242423,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Squid Kid,"This game is absolutely incredable! It has beautiful graphics (even at the lowest settings), fun puzzle solving and an awesome story. If you haven't played this game before, you are missing out big time! Shell out the $20 and get the game!"
76561197990031935,Recommended,314660,21239140,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,hellraizer_457,"I loved the Oddworld series. I used to play it on the ps1 and later on the pc. This remastered version is a nice remake of the game. Though it is short, it has the real feel of the oddworld original game.Pro's:- Nice feel, atmosphere- Gameplay is fluidCon's:- Short- Expensive compared to the length of the gameCheers."
76561198000221411,Recommended,314660,23646015,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bloody Exile,"If you like to posses an enemy and kill his fellow comrades and run its posses body into a grinder. Then, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,314660,23593045,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Derek,<3100/10
,Recommended,314660,23610888,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jim Wizard™,"The Oddworld series are among some of the most incredibly unique games--from a visual, gameplay, and narrative perspective--that I've ever had the enjoyment of playing.While at it's core this game is a puzzle/platformer, it doesn't feel or play like one. Here are just a few things you can expect on your journey:Traverse beautiful environments, from industrial dystopia to bizzare native temples & landscapesPossess enemies and use them to communicate, kill, scout, or just make them explodeAccidentallyrun your new friend off a cliff, into a landmine, meat grinder, electric field or firing squadSing the native songs of your people, then have a fartFree the slaves (or don't)Brave the wildlife for some sweet ink, then turn into a crab-spider demi-god and shut down the corporations bruhRide on a...thing! or, How I Learned to Dislike Honey and Love the BeesMeat sacks, falling rocks, grenades, secret areas, portals made of birdsNorb?All while basically naked and wearing a goofy pony tail. If you've never played an Oddworld game, buy this game. If you've already played a game(s) in the series and are wondering whether you should buy this game, DO IT ya schlub."
76561198101073107,Recommended,314660,23597079,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,thewizardmac,Very nice remake. I used to play this game with my father when i was 10 years old. Sure brings back a lot of memmories! 10/10
,Recommended,314660,23572249,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,dawhoopmaster,"""This is RuptureFarms. They say its the biggest meat processing plant on Oddworld. I used to work here! Well, I was really a salve, like all the others. My name is Abe! I was employee of the year. Now Im dead meat!""Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is a cinematic platformer developed by indie studios Oddworld Inhabitants and Just Add Water. The game foucuses on Abe, a mudokon slave working at RuptureFarms. the biggest meat processing plant on Oddworld.One night when working late, Abe gets a peak at a board meeting, where it is revealed that RuptureFarms profit is falling and thier running out of creatures to poach. So Molluck the Glukkon, CEO of RuptureFarms, decides he'll chop up Abe and his buddies to make Mudokon Pops!DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!So, you play as Abe escaping from RuptureFarms and rescuing as many of his Mudokon freinds as he can! (My best is 296/299! Curses, ZULAG 4!)If you watch this game, you'd think it'd play a bit clunky, due to how realisticly Abe moves and jumps. However, this game plays quite smooth and the platforming feels good. On your mission you will come across secret areas where RuptureFarms is keeping Mudokons trapped for labour. These secret rooms are puzzles which require alot of thinking. If fast paced action is more your thing, Oddworld has you covered, too! You can ride the Elum in Paramonia and Scrabania, delivering one of the most fun platforming experiences I've had in awhile! The enviroments are beutifully crafted and pleasing to the eye! You have to industiral RuptureFarms and the wild Scrabania. the fresh, green fields of Paramonia and the lovely shadow play of the Stockyards and free-fire zone.This games main atraction are the cutscenes. They look amazing and tell a really interesting story. They were a hit back in 1997, and still live up to this day, recreated with 21st century technology. You see, this is a remake of a 1997 blockbuster, Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. It won lots of awards and the cutscenes in it pushed technical bounderies for its time! Even compared to somke of todays games, they still look lovely!So, basic rundown is, your a slave, boss wants to kill you and your co workers bla bla bla GET ME OUTTA HERE!Overall, Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is certainly one of the most interesting gaming experiences I've had in awhile. The cutscenes and beautifully crafted, the gameplay is fun, the story is interesting and all this adds up to, I guarntee you, one of the best games you can find today.. Worth the £15, play it.I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,314660,23417372,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Big Dot,"Pros:A faithful remakeLooks really goodGreat storylineGood puzzlesCons:Very clunky control systemRepetitive soundbitesUninspiring soundtrackAll in all, highly recommend. Hopefully Oddword Inhabitants will address the clunky controls in the upcoming Soulstorm."
,Recommended,314660,23465650,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,:. : :: ::.,An old game remastering. A game of my youth!! ;)Is and amazing platform game. Very fun...
,Recommended,314660,23282165,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Suitcaser,If you loved Abe's Oddysee you'll like this.
76561198043294359,Recommended,314660,23294940,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,A Wild Pean,"This game is such a nostalgia filled ride with all the moments I remember from my childhood. It's now 2.5d which I believe increases the enjoyment as it flows very smoothly. My only gripe is when you try to walk off an edge and Abe freaks out for like 3s before he will actually walk off it. Otherwise it's amazing, will play this game forever like I have with the original 2."
,Recommended,314660,23442214,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mbettosai,Abe's true gameplay with today's visuals. Awesome!
,Recommended,314660,15471937,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Joel,"Apparently I haven't reviewed this game already.In a nutshell, it's absolutely fantastic. If you ever played it on the PS1, you owe it to yourself to replay it now that it's available in this wonderful, beautiful remade version for PC. And if you haven't, play it anyway - you're certain to love it.This game is challenging but it's incredibly engaging and I was genuinely very excited to see this game get a reboot.I really do hope we'll see further additions to the OddWorld franchise for PC - perhaps Abe's Exoddus next?"
76561198043118926,Recommended,314660,14723881,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Atchy,"Uttery outstanding. I remember back when I was clocking Abe's Exoddus how I was screaming for a quicksave system in Abe's Oddysee. 18 years later here it is! Such a loving recreation remolded into a new highly polished game. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make us ""Oddworld: NEW IMPROVED!"" as an Exoddus remake!! :D10/10 would bang Abe again."
,Recommended,314660,14725063,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dan,If you liked the original then buy this game. If you never played the original then buy this game. If you don't like the original then there's something wrong with you.Fantastic remake of a classic game.
76561198040611328,Recommended,314660,14725095,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,>-NightBringer-<,"A true successor to the origial 1997 Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. New and improved graphics that at times can be stunning, fun and interactive gamplay that makes you want more. Stays true to the old version and only has a few revamped moments. Would definatly reccomend to any old Abe's Oddysee fans! lets hope they make a remastered version of the second game.10/10 Old school classic."
76561197999748477,Recommended,314660,14716517,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JyB,Awesome game. The Xbox controller support is great.
,Recommended,314660,14716521,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Notorious V.A.P(E),"Visually beautiful, however PS3 controllers do not work (until an update) granted the game just came out for PC and needs to be tweaked for PS3 controllers. Xbox 360 controllers work great, but if you would rather have an (old School controller+controls) wait for the next patch."
,Recommended,314660,14717688,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Karok,"A faithful rebuilng of the original Abe's Oddysee. Redone graphics are crisp and very pretty. Backgrounds are especially beautiful. The game is a LOT of fun.Controls (on 360 controller) were mostly extremely crisp and responsive. There were occasional issues with the rock/grenade/bottlecap aiming triggering randomly, but is pretty easy to deal with by jiggling the thumbstick and moving Abe a little to stop grenade cooking. The team is apparently aware of the issue and is working on a fix, so that's good.I'm looking forward to replaying the game and finding more of the Mudokans! I went through the game pretty carefully and it took about 8 hours, but that's with only finding/saving about half the slaves.I hope that Oddworld Inhabitants gets to either remake Exoddus or start a fresh game, I love Oddworld!"
76561198025748448,Recommended,314660,14717848,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JayMcB74,A great rehash of an old love. Great game play and graphics. Need to use xpadder or other tool for third party joysticks. No third party memberships or log-ins! yeah! j;-)
76561197967486275,Recommended,314660,14718627,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hop,"After giving the game a very thorough play-through (repeatedly, I might add) I've come to the conclusion that: Yes, this is indeed a proper reboot to my favorite games of all time.Coming from the original games with the control scheme still freshly burned in to my brain (from 17 years ago, gotta love that photographic memory) it was VERY difficult for me to get accustomed to the new contols... But once I unlearned all my L1/L2 gamespeak and R1/R2 running/sneaking, things got a little easier.The only things I think this game suffers from are a lack of controller binding options and the occasional platform-y glitch (especially in the Elum levels... ugh) but over-all I'd say this was probably my favorite release of the last year.All crticism aside, the ending left me teary-eyed with a smile on my face as nostalgia washed over me.This is what Abe's Oddysee looked like in my minds-eye when I was a 9 year old. The attention to detail is superb and I can't help but applaud Just Add Water for coming so close to perfection... My Oddworld craving has been satiated.Just... just buy it so I can have a remake of Exoddus, would ya?The Odd Messiah has Spoken."
76561198080872353,Recommended,314660,14658348,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wooshie,Load's of fun to be had! 10/10 for brining my childhood memories back and another 10/10 for kicking me right in the childhood nutsack for all the time's I have failed to save my follow worker's in game.
76561197960922943,Recommended,314660,14718875,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PluckySanta,Best game EVER! Always will be! Beautifully made remake. Until hopefully Exoddus New n Tasty pops out then will be second best! A must get for all new 2D and Abe fans! This game costs next to nothing! What could go wrong!? I would pay double for what its worth!
76561198024552304,Recommended,314660,14719303,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RockmSockmRabi,Love this game!
76561198043113590,Recommended,314660,14720093,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FaunKeH,"If you played this 18 years ago, get this game.If you haven't played Oddworld before, get this game."
76561198154698889,Recommended,314660,14698789,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nattmal,"I just love it, the controllers are  different  than on the consoles, but you can get used to them after at least 1h of play. I don't undersant most of the negative review's.Plus the developers are very kind and promptly fixed in 24h the controller problem. If you want some nostalgia in a brand new graphics give it a try, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,314660,14699779,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Farad'n,"So far I've been playing, some minor changes, but I love this game, my xbox360 wireless control works perfect, even though the setup is different than in the original ps1, but maybe it's for the best, hope they can make exodus remake and also make the new game of the quintology.Stay odd"
,Recommended,314660,14701574,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SeWerin,"FOR GAMERS WHO HAVE NEVER PLAYED OLDER ODDWORLD GAMES:This is unique and amazing experience. The world is so unique, full with twisted dark humor. Basically, this is puzzle platformer, but not your regular type - this is a game where you need to save your friends from slavery in the factory via unique Gamespeak system. That means you have couple of words that you can use to talk with your friends, and they listen and behave based on your input. Now for your usual RPG this is pretty standard stuff. But this is not RPG. I've not seen yet any platformer that incorporates this system beside Oddworld games.Second thing that makes this game unusual is protagonists ability to posses enemies. This opens wide range of game play approaches, tactics, as well as some really awesome situations. Now, possessing enemy is really simple - just one simple press of the button. Situations for that? Well they are more complicated. And that's part of the charm. To figure when to do something and in what order - this is Oddworld. Also each enemy type behaves differently creating sort of unique ecosystem. For instance - one creature is territorial, one pact based. Based on their behaivor, you need to figure best approach to avoid them. Now, beside things above - this is the game that also requires quick reflexes. But the game is always fair and it trust that you will figure it out. In the sea of games that hold your hand, this old school approach is much appreciated.Trust me, new gamers - try this one. It's really unique even by today's standards.FOR GAMERS WHO HAVE PLAYED OLDER ODDWORLD GAMES:I can't stress enough, how long have i waited for a new Oddworld game. After Stranger's Wraith we finally got new Oddworld game and it's remake of the first one - the one which started whole insanity in this marvelous world.This is not a port, not a remastered version. This is fully rebuilded game from ground up of the Oddworld: Abe Oddysee. And it's glorious. While playing it i constantly had that stupid kid like grin. I was all over in 90's again. I remembered special hidden zones, some scene design and some really awesome moments.I've been shot, eaten, cut, electrocuted, beaten, killed on various ways. And i wasn't angry at all. I missed that in Oddworld games. I loved it, loved the patience that it required. Loved the puzzles. Incorporating everything in one seamless image works amazingly well, graphic are nice and i've beaten whole game 4 times with a keyboard - didn't have problem at all. They really put their hearts into this, and you can tell. This is still same old Abe's Oddysee but visually upgraded for newer generations, and you know what - it doesn't need anything more (well except follow up in a way of Abe's Exoddus). This is the same game that i loved for 20 years almost.DLC - ALF ESCAPEJust short comment since this is really new thing in this Oddworld. It's awesome, great spin on well established gameplay. Insted of saving bajilion friends, in this DLC you need ti save only one. Easy? Weeell, not really. Various types od obstacles appear and you need to take care of yourself and Alf at the same time. I really wish there are more of this levels, since creativity is there - level design is awesome and Alf grows on you by the end of the mission. Loved this part.Lorne Lanning - you did it again. Really hope for remake of Abe Exoddus. Wish you and your team all the best.FUN FACT:Cinematics for Oddworld: Abes Exoddus were soooo good back in the day that the team manage to re-cut them in short movie version and even managed it to submit it as Oscar candidate. (!) Thus making it first ever game video submitted for an Oscar nomination. That's how far ahead these guys were ahead of their time."
,Recommended,314660,14702324,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ashes.,Great remake! It's nice to relive those 90s PS1 nostalgia...9/10
76561198169202416,Recommended,314660,14702836,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,samuelnelson1996,My childhood remade.
,Recommended,314660,14705449,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Krankenwagon,"99% faithful to the original, 10/10."
76561198067495035,Recommended,314660,14706672,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr x RocknRoll,"This is how you remaster a game! Loved it as a kid, love it even more now!Cant really think of any cons to this game. Everything functions as it should.Amazing 10/10!"
76561198026676760,Recommended,314660,14710004,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,flottdog,"Loved this game when it was on the Playstation way back when. And this particular iterration of it is beautiful and as challenging as I recall it to be. However, it doesn't fully work with my logitech controller. First patch mostly fixed it, and hoping futures ones will make it work fully."
,Recommended,314660,14711384,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mauller,"Having played the original games extensively, when they were originally released on PS1. As well as playing them more recently again with the PC re-release on steam, i can say that it brings a bright and needed refresh to the game, with its 3D backdrops and the improvements and changes to some of the areas.Although some parts are touchy at times on a controller, the game overall plays very well and never drops bellow an FPS Cap of 60 for me, it is a welcome addition to the oddworld franchise and i would gladly enjoy it if Exodus was remade and the story that was originally going to follow it was made.Although some people are having troubles on alternative platforms as of the time of this review, the game overall plays very well on Windows.as some of the review sites out there would put it.9.5/10 - it's ok - IGN (obvious humour ensured)Lorne Lanning was right not to buckle to EA when they tried to screw over oddworld inhabitants, i thank him and his team for sticking by the franchise and not buckling."
76561197998819014,Recommended,314660,14651747,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Slayer37,"As someone who grew up with this gem on the ps1, this was an instant buy for me. This remake stays true to the formula and upholds the atmosphere and grim feel of of the original Abe's Oddysee and Exodus. My judgement might be somewhat affected by the nostalga of it all, but i believe the developers have done a great job on this one."
76561198008893174,Recommended,314660,14651810,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr.X,Purchased on date released its a great game nice remake of the good old classic abes oddysee those that enjoyed that game then will enjoy this one highly recommended
,Recommended,314660,14651968,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nuka,"Truly phenomenal game, still fun to play after playing the original and the new graphics are stunning.Amazing to play for newcomers and old fans alike.This is how reboots should be10/10, would definitely recommend :)"
,Recommended,314660,14652299,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Raffy|HH,Gioco bellissimo. Grafica pazzesca. ABE <3
,Recommended,314660,14652311,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BenTheButcher87,"This is everything I was hoping it would be. Fantastic! After having a really crappy day, it's cheered me right up :D"
,Recommended,314660,14652523,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Schlingel - Der Gourmand #1,"Absolutely beautiful remake of Oddworld: Abe's Odyssey.Suited for both old fans and people new to the franchise.New 'n' Tasty, grab it while it's hot!"
,Recommended,314660,14652583,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ra & Robofish the Sayaka Fanboys,"There are a few unsmoothly timed animations (collisions and moving through doors) but that won't get in the way of this daring attempt of something the entire video game industry was afraid to do. Actually REMAKE a game without changing any of the important details and actually just REMAKE it.If you have played the 18 year old classic, you need to play this as it is everything done right if the game was going to be made again for the new generation, which, coincidentally, this is! This one's worth the price of admission, don't fool yourselves against that fact just because it's a remake of a PS1 classic. Especially if you loved Oddworld enough that you would actually pay this much for the original, this remake is a strong, compelling reason to justify that.If you have never played or heard of Oddworld, then you don't need to worry yourself with the possible fear of playing a game from a different generation, as this is the finest in ""Mudokon platforming escape and rescue"" simulation since the late 90s.Now remake Exoddus as a sequel, and I would tell you in that review how that would be the video game equivilant of a Chocolate Cake.TL;DRhttp://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/710/807/a22.jpg"
76561198094145383,Recommended,314660,14652689,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,sadisticewok88,"Just started my new ""Let's play"", playing Oddworld New 'n' Tasty Steam Edition and my god this remake ROCKS! This is everything I remember but even better! This game is also just laugh out loud funny with the new rag doll physics, and mudokon's speak ""Maybe one day people will follow me around"". Such a great nostalgic return with a beautiful HD remake! Love it! :D"
,Recommended,314660,14652965,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,狼Kanine狼,Got blown up by a spikey flying potato 11/10
76561198046566344,Recommended,314660,14653124,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,godzilla_7,I love this game !
,Recommended,314660,14653462,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Netherstorms,"A huge step beyond nostalgia.Everything is new and exciting, but yet so comfortably familiar... in so many fustrating ways."
,Recommended,314660,14653474,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ShimmaStyle,i played about 1 hour 10/10 ps 1  legend !!!!!!!! here !!!! COME AND GET IT !!!!!
,Recommended,314660,14653587,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kieran (KJ),"Runs fine, plays fine, still quite challenging, still funny, looks awesome.Very glad I purchased!here's a bit of gameplay if you're interested.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO99ZMAkpZA&list=UU-3dz0rfbUzkhMvb7RMDbqg"
76561198139067893,Recommended,314660,14653873,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Willive,"There are some bugs, but it's still the first day so I'm sure they will be fixed. So far, I have noticed the below:First of all there is a bug when you save a bunch of mudokons music will stop momentarily and they continue.Second, there is a bomb bug where you can just walk throught it in paramonia while riding Eluc (sorry i can't be more specific because I can't remember more).Third, I have noticed that sometimes Sligs can see you in the smoke, but i can't figure a patern yet for this bug.Fourth, button description for Xbox controller is wrong. The buttons are different and similar to Playstation's (if I remember correctly from PS1).Still, it's a great game and I've been waiting for some time to be released. If you haven't played it before, get it and enjoy a great game. If you have, you know what to expect, so, again, go get it and enjoy a great old game with improved graphics."
,Recommended,314660,14653998,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Teletekst,I love it <3
76561198051720451,Recommended,314660,14654177,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ica Kundvagn,This is a really good remake! I played the original a thousand times and I love the theme and story. Both funny and kinda dark. This remake really is true to the original but feels really fresh with small subtle changes to the levels.
,Recommended,314660,14654281,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fugley Quimtickle,"Exactly what I wanted. I had my doubts about wether or not they'd pull it off but it's perfect.Hoping the Exodus remake is in the works, because I'm gonna need more of this goodness."
76561198023924589,Recommended,314660,14654339,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kono Dio da!,"2/5 through the game, as someone who has played the originals over and over and over again.I'm quite amazed by the game and it shows the work put into it for such a small studio. The game delivers the story, mostly in at least equal quality. Some cinematics are even better, while others slightly worse story wise. Overall they average to around the same awesomeness. Graphics are nice, animations are good with very minor exceptions (for example, bumping your head on a corridor you were supposed to crouch isn't any satisfying.) and sounds are on a mixed scale, I didn't like some, I loved some, but I do agree that they needed more variation regardless.There's some things I didn't and still don't like though:-Controls can be a bit weird. (This might be due to being highly accustomed to the original. Having to change to the action button instead of up for using doors/vents wasn't easy to get used to.)-Saying ""hello"" a second time doesn't get a second mudokon to stand up, like it used in Abe's Exodus. You can either have one at a time or all of them. This makes some puzzles slightly longer than they would be possible to be done in Exodus, which was close to 2 decades ago.-Scrabs look ferocious in the cinematics, but they kind of fall flat in the actual game.(compared to the nightmare that were the 2D sprites ones) Hoping for an improvement there in the sequel.-Detection from enemies, especially sligs seems to be a lot more automated. Not a big deal, but it's harder to play with them, lure them, avoid shot up close, etc. It also makes me wonder how some rooms in the remake of Exodus will be done, because they relied exclusively on that aspect of the game. I have also up to this time have been completely unable to reproduce fooling Slogs by jumping at the same time with them.Overall a must buy for every hard fan of the originals and not only them. This game's story, after all, has been one of my first interactions with the concepts of the true nature of capitalism and mindless consumption, without even getting the slightest of preachy about it.And hey, at least they did a proper port from the console version!"
,Recommended,314660,14654374,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Taylor M. Davis,"Absolutely loved this game as a teenager and I'm loving it even more as a 30 something year old adult.  The only thing I wish I had are my reflexes and sexual libido I had back then, first, for the muscle memory you'll need to out run and out manuever some mobs, and second....well...you get the point.  10/10"
,Recommended,314660,14654560,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Josh,"Amazing remake. Can't wait for a new ""Exodus""."
76561198018661058,Recommended,314660,14655034,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,I am that I am,"This game is so freaking good - exactly as I remember when I saw playing it first time 10+ years ago. Wait,.. it's actually much better as it's in HD with improved audio."
,Recommended,314660,14655430,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jonathanrex1,"IntroductionAs someone who loved the Oddworld Series, I never got to play the original Abe's Oddysee. So I'm glad that Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is finally here!For those of you who don't know what this games is, New 'n' Tasty is a puzzle platformer that follows the exploits of one slave called Abe as he escapes from a slaughterhouse . Along the way he helps free 299 of his fellow slaves. I could tell you more, but I'd rather not spoil the story for you.The game has alternate endings. What ending you see depends on how many of your fellow slaves you free.GameplayThis game is difficult. VERY difficult! It does take a bit to get used to. Especially if you're like me, and are not experienced with platforms. Keybinding and controller support allows you to tailor the controls to your liking. The introduction of quick saves and difficulty options ensures the gameplay never feels cheap.Though those trip mines sure are annoying!And for those who like a challenge, the game comes with leaderboards and achievements.Atmopshere and GraphicsThe Oddworld games are known for their rich atmosphere and character design. New 'n' Tasty is no different!The game looks and sound great if you have a decent machine. But even if you don't (like myself) the game will run smoothly without lagging or crashes on the lower settings.My only issues with the atmosphere is that Rupture Farms could've been more grimier. It feels to bright and clean for what should be a industrial house of horrors.Another thing is that this game adds rag doll physics. These can be funny, but sometimes break immersion with their gravity-denying ways. The soundtrack is filled with tribal and natural sounds that fits the story.(Minor) ComplaintsThe following are some areas where I feel the game could improve on:• Animation for the Main Menu Screen seems jerky and too fast.• Graphic Controls Menu could be better designed.• Rupture Farms is too 'Science Fiction' and not enough 'Dickinson' in my onion.• NPC Dialogue becomes repetitive.• Trip Mines are difficult to turn off.• Default keyboard configuration is a bit wonky.• Certain audio sometimes fails to play.OverallIgnoring what I just wrote above, I would tell anyone to buy this game. Especially if you are a Oddworld fan!We all wan't that Exodus remake don't we? :)"
,Recommended,314660,14655502,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,enjoi$,"The game is gorgeous in any way imaginable - graphics, voice acting, atmosphere, story, farts etc.. Definitely a must-have."
76561197965964547,Recommended,314660,14655697,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,r0ckstar87,Boy does this game bring back memories.  It plays just like the old game but with enhanced graphics.  I would recommend a controller to play this game!I can play on full settings with 120+  FPS.Intel Xenon'sSamsung 840 evoEVGA 760 2GB
,Recommended,314660,14656032,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nugget,"I don't even need to play more to know this game is incredible.This isn't one of those crappy ""remakes"" where they just make some better textures, and give widescreen resolutions. No, that wouldn't fly for an Oddworld game.This is remade from the ground up.Buy the game, please. The devs said they'd remake Abe's Exoddus if this one sold enough.The Oddworld games (Oddysee and Exoddus. Screw the others) were two of my favourite games as a kid, and I can't think of any platformers that have interested me since then. So, I gave up on the genre, figuring I just didn't like it anymore.Nope.Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is a revisit to the PS1 days, but remade with full 3d graphics, high resolution, and most importantly, not♥♥♥♥♥♥Even if you hate platformers, buy this game. It deserves it. (And I want an Abe's Exoddus remake)"
76561198028724754,Recommended,314660,14656656,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pvt Sven,"This game is great, I see some negativity about the games atmosphere not being like that classic, but what do they know about quality gaming? Just Add water did their best, I reccomend people who love platformers buy this no questions asked"
,Recommended,314660,14656711,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Nimbly.exe,awesome to have a revamped version of a classic
,Recommended,314660,14656761,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BIZARREBOT9001!!!,"Just as good as the original, if not better... As long as you have joytokey if you're using a controller. The default controls on a gamepad suck. Tweak it to a ps1 controller scheme and its an imporved trip to your childhood memories."
76561198011002486,Recommended,314660,14656985,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jsjgamer,Amazing game. One of the best remakes I have seen in a long time.
76561198030568310,Recommended,314660,14657201,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Void,"I would recommend this game to everyone. As long as they enjoy semi-sick humor, patience, and fun.Worth $20 would buy again.9/10 cutscenes lagged a bit."
76561198166193444,Recommended,314660,14657464,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Darkly_Demon,I played the orignal Oddworld on the PS & I loved it.
76561197971819081,Recommended,314660,14749576,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DaTasuRgE,"If you were ever a fan of the original game, then you will be absolutely delighted by this recreation of the original. Everything has been redone in terms of visuals, audio, and smoothness to gameplay...except the most critical part(s)....everything we loved. Abe is still just as endearing as ever, and all of the quirks and nuances of the original are still right there for all to enjoy all over again.Thank you to Oddworld Inhabitants for deciding to take the time to rebuild this game from the ground up. I seriopusly hope they will consider continuiing this trend with the rest of the series!"
,Recommended,314660,14711212,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ronald Villiers,"I'm a big fan of Oddworld and this was a great come back with New ""N"" Tasty as soon it was ready for pre purchase i bought it straight away then i seen some reviews about how it's all bright and not doom and gloom like the first one but really to me that didn't bother me as it was amazing to see oddworld in 2015 with great graphics and such at first it's a little weird as there are physics in the game but you get used to it abe is not as fast paced as he used to be either but that was also ok to me as you get to take in the scenery more another thing the port is flawless i ran it maxed out 60fps with no drops great optimization i give New ""N"" Tasty a rating of 9.5/10"
76561198067939140,Recommended,314660,14752642,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,King Dickus,"you can tell enemies to ""wait"" at a trap, then activate the trap. best game ever"
,Recommended,314660,14743694,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,kin37ik - 浪人,"i highly reccommend this game without question, if you are a fan of the oddworld games then you will love it!!the only gripe i have with it is the xbox 360 controller usability, it does not seem to pick up on the action buttons on time and activate a little bit too slow, but if you can adjust to it then the game is very fun to play."
76561198079995201,Recommended,314660,14757160,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kiko,"Some games are good even after 20 years... I have always loved Oddworld's gameplay, its art and story.It is a timeless masterpiece."
,Recommended,314660,14758866,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Putziotic,Great remake; looks fantastic and has some new challenges. BUT the controller/keyboard is total f**king balls. Really... they f**ked up badly with the overall movement. That's the only downside really.
76561198046150370,Recommended,314660,14760356,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,dog8viii,"about time someone did this with an old title, love odd world series, shame the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in charge of resi release couldnt do same lol"
76561198150136941,Recommended,314660,14809896,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Totemtommy134,a great remake #best game 10/10
76561198177940518,Recommended,314660,14810604,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,OldJigglyPuff,So much nostalgia replaying this game. 10/10
76561198063397251,Recommended,314660,14814719,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Alfred Pennyworth,"The best game that was ever made, re formed in a delicious fart:) best gave evah"
76561197997356112,Recommended,314660,14815785,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Darth Ballz,"I bought the first Odworld when it fist came out and loved it. Also bought it on Steam when it came out but the controller layout was ruff to map and a bit off. I feel the same with this, I would love the ability to remap the controller buttons instead of the way they are layed out as is, fix that and I will be forever happy!"
,Recommended,314660,14827224,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SJ-Toongamer,"While the gameplay is good and I enjoy most of the reimagining of the first oddworld game, the game seems to run rather slow. I tried lowering the graphics in the game but it's still slow a bit. Perhaps the game is better when played on a console or my PC doesn't have what it takes to run the game well.Anyway i do enjoy this game and think highly of it."
,Recommended,314660,14802018,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Qworn,"With the high amount of crap re makes, this is a gem.Still as challenging as the originals,I do hope they do the same for the sequel."
,Recommended,314660,14802896,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PIT-PAT,"Played the the original time after time again and either one still holds their grounds very well.  The change in shadows to smoke still doesnt effect the game nearly as much, but keeps the challanges the same.  Very well done team!"
,Recommended,314660,14707141,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Korakan,"""One day i will make good remakes""""This Game is Shining!""Hello!- -Hello!Passwort?- - 9/10Okay you can pass!- -*fart*hahahaha- -hahahahaNo but Srs this game is the Best! Loved and once and feelt in love with it again."
76561198042291524,Recommended,314660,14707530,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr Veedo,"A fantastic re imagining of the dark, hostile world that we all know and love!If You play 1 game this year make it this one!But if you play 2. play the sequel."
76561198052184448,Recommended,314660,14708052,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JoeKickass,The original Abe's Odyssey was one of the very first video games I played and I loved it! Absolutely enjoyed every minute playing this remake! Really hope they do Abe's Exoddus next!
76561198057095799,Recommended,314660,14708456,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Huge Big Al,"If you loved the original, you will definitely love the remake! New 'n' Tasty is just amazing! Would give it a solid 10/10 with absolutely spectacular graphics! Abe is back ♥♥♥♥♥es! xD"
,Recommended,314660,14709070,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jordanduc,"Oh my.. A nostalgic journey of pure joy!If you havent played the original it will still be awesome though, definitely worth it."
76561198131686530,Recommended,314660,14782073,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jack Fernandes,When i first played i fell in love with this game OMG i love ittttt!
76561197997068175,Recommended,314660,14794786,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Phantasmagoria,"Oddworld fans rejoice, this game is a pure nostalgia trip and also a way to bring newcomers into the franchise.I've been a fan a long time and it makes me happy to see the franchise being in good hands.I can't wait to see what else they have stored. It doesn't get more odd than Oddworld."
,Recommended,314660,14798171,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DiNNiK,Abe’s Oddysee
76561197974280160,Recommended,314660,14661417,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jusefina,Brilliant.
,Recommended,314660,14661461,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,S_AAA_M,"I was so excited when I heard they were remaking this game, and you can imagine how quickly I pre-ordered the game the minute I saw it was available on PC!!I played the original on the Playstation when I was a kid, I own the original now on Steam, and I'm so happy to own the remake too!It looks absolutely amazing, Oddworld and Just Add Water did an amazing job with this game!Definitely recommended!!"
76561197990490078,Recommended,314660,14661662,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Shyfx,"Amzing remake of a game i love..... this is seriously one of those titles that you buy and find urself over the moon at the level of production, love and care thats gone into it.The development team where passionate when making this and it shows...... every little detail has been painstakly thought through and it shines..... buy this game without hessitation its an absolute must have title."
,Recommended,314660,14661766,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dwimdopey,"Such a great remake, worth the buy."
76561198100642623,Recommended,314660,14662083,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SheerCold90,"This game is perfect! A remake as it should be! Brings the old nostalgia back with some spicy new elements that bind perfectly! The contorls are a bit tricky, but once you get used to them, you can enjoy...PS Thanks for the Quick Save feature!!"
76561197998237636,Recommended,314660,14663672,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Conker1985,"Looks beautiful and plays great. For fans of the original, and newcomers alike, I can't recommend this enough. The re-release features varying difficulty levels for those who aren't used to the punished mechanics of the original, and a hard mode for those of us who've already played through Abe's Oddysee too many times to count.You can tell a lot of love went into recreating the entire Oddworld in full 3D, and it's represented beautifully. Quite an amazing feat, both technically and visually, for the Unity engine."
,Recommended,314660,14663680,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BECH,"Great game, brings a lot of memories from childhood!10/10"
76561198107105216,Recommended,314660,14664401,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cheer Up,All round great game. Loved it when it first came out and have been able to fall in love with it all over again with these amazing graphics. Love the added stuff just as much as if it was there from the start. Only problem I've had is Abe getting stuck in a chant which has stopped me from progressing through the game. Would be great if this was fixed. Thanks so much for polishing such an old gem.
,Recommended,314660,14664433,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SmokeyMcP,"This has always been and still is an amazing game. I've heard that some people do not like the new look but I have no idea what they are talking about; I think this game is simply beautiful and runs amazing.I'm playing on the hard/classic mode and it takes me back haha.You will more then likely die alot, you will hear ""hello, follow me"" too many times to count but the story and gameplay is a blast and in my opinion a must buy.Please, help Abe save all the Mudokons!"
76561197990695305,Recommended,314660,14666145,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Marvelious,"I am a fan of both Exodus and Oddysee and I was really thrilled about New'n'Tasty too, but as I started playing it...the first ""omg"" was the controls...they are so wanky...also how Abe doesn't slide after running or cannot make a runjump from one spot is really frustrating...Also the space jumping...and much more.But overall I am happy with my purchase 8/10"
,Recommended,314660,14679130,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ηє××i,"I played the original two when i was around 10 years old. Both are games I like to look back on with a smile, because those were not only some of the first games i had for my PS1, they were also the most fascinating i played at the time.Fast forward to 2015, and Oddworld New 'n' Tasty is everything i had hoped it would be. The Visuals are a huge improvement, while not wandering off too much, so they remind you a lot of the original title. The puzzles are still a lot of fun, and there are some funny one liners you hear from the slaves here and there.The only thing i have to critique is the new camera and controls. The new Camera makes certain puzzles a lot easier, spotting enemies or other dangers as well. The controls however are a bigger problem tho. If you are used to the precision and predictability of the original titles, be prepared to sometimes get a bit frustrated here. It's not too bad, but noticably diffrent... for the worse.Otherwise, it's the Abe we all know and love, with some shiny new graphics and cool improvements here and there.""It's mediocre"" 9/10 -IGNNo seriously, it's a 9/10."
76561197992453705,Recommended,314660,14679595,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,"This is exactly what a remake should be as I've read other people write too.It's beautiful, it sounds great it plays well. The game crashed only once and no bugs occured.It took me a while to figure out some of the Mudokon were hidden in the first level but when I understood that the game was fun all the way to the end.It is worth its full price."
,Recommended,314660,14680429,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ginger Auf L'bra,"First off, this game has one major flaw that I would like to point out. They have removed the tiled movement system that was in the original game. I have no idea why they thought this was a good idea. The original game felt very precise and I felt like when I screwed up it was down to me and not down to the games lack of precision. I died many times to meat grinders because I thought I was a safe distance but it turned out I wasn't. While the new control system didn't exactly ruin the game, it does really seem like a poor design choise. I hope they release an update with the option to turn the tiled movement on.The less precision of the controls is really the ony complaint I have about this game. In every other respect, they've done a fantastic job of re-capturing the atmosphere that kept me gripped for hours when I was little. The game seems a little bit easier than I might have expected (apart from the controls). This is probably just down to the addition of quicksave though (thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou for adding that). Some puzzles play a bit differently to how they did in the original, which confused me a bit on the first secret room for example. I spent ages trying to play it the way I remembered it, before realising that solution (as far as I can tell) didn't work anymore. It was a bit confusing how the same puzzle now had a different solution, but that's not entirely a bad thing. It helped make the game feel new. I'm quite happy some of the puzzles are different, as I could have probably played the game with my eyes closed otherwise given how many times I've played the original.Really looking forward to Hand of Odd guys! Thanks for making a top notch game.99 mudokons out of 100"
,Recommended,314660,14680488,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Narom,"Well Optimized, Great Controls, Very close to the original, 10/10I did find a bug however where on the shadow resolution slider, the highest setting rendered the lowest res shadows, and the lowest setting rendered the highest res shadows, was confused as to why the shadows were so blocky when i first started the game up and maxed out the graphical settings."
76561198054085795,Recommended,314660,14681571,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Megative,"Fantastic. Exactly what I wanted from an Abe's Oddysee remake.The controls have been completely redone to account for modern joypads and this may take a little getting used to for those familiar with the original Oddworld games. After an initial bout of jumping onto mines I got the feel for it and was very pleased with the feeling of fluidity that comes with mastery.For anyone who loved the original and for those who missed this utter gem the first time around, I would wholeheartedly recommend buying this game!"
76561198004373876,Recommended,314660,14681880,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zerkezhi,"You rarely see a remake as well made as this one. The only thing that bothers me are the changed animation/sprites of the chanting. I miss the blueish particles, whilst I find the aura highly annoying (especially in the cutscenes). It reminds me too strongly of protective spells from Neverwinter Nights. For some reason though #MINI-SPOILERS# the end cutscenes have the traditional sprites. Looks much better.The controls are also not as intuitive/dynamic as in the original (entering doors, jumping into whatevers no longer use ""Up"", but ""Use""). You can no longer directly jump into the wells from an elevated position and there is some lag between stopping in front of one (or a door) and using it (at least for me). That's mitigated by the longer charge-time for Scrabs, though. You get used to it. Especially if you change the controls do resemble the original one more closely (important: sideway jumping).Apart from all that, though, the game is awesome. Never would have thought that Oddworld's landscape could be translated as beautifully into 3D. Kudos!"
76561198026997819,Recommended,314660,14667129,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mrwho,"If there is one game that brings back the good old days of gamming this is one that will always comes up my mind. Oddworld: Abe`s oddisee, defnetly the remastered version, so far, is living up to the original with great graphics and a satisfying taste for this classic of the industry.Im more happy to see that 2015 is becoming the year of rematers and so far very good games like homeworld and Grim Fandango are coming with evrything they`ve got and more and to show that no matter how old a game is, if it is good, it will live long before its time !Now they just need to make a remaster of Sacrefice and I`ll be able to say that 2015 was good year for games."
,Recommended,314660,14667164,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TheGamingGeek,i love his game i would recomend it to anyone that is into platformer games
76561197976275449,Recommended,314660,14666815,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Menace2Society,"Oddworld was one of the first 3D games on that I *truly* enjoyed.  Having thought Abe was lost forever, they brought him, and Oddworld, back to life.  After all these years it is still a great game."
76561197985143199,Recommended,314660,14667002,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tazi,"An excellent, beautiful remake of a game I have always held close to my heart,Highly recommended to old fans and newcomers alike. Big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,314660,14654993,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,The controller mappings for wired and the overall broken state of using a Wireless Xbox 360 Controller are now fixed for Linux/SteamOS! A proper review will be posted soon.
76561198111221259,Recommended,314660,16440566,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,draconas88,"What can i say about this that hasn't been said, nothing really not only does it hold up itself but its nostagic draw feeling familiar to the classic along with is fantastic gameplay means you not only feel like you are playing the same game from near 20 years ago but as the title implies feels New n' Tasty"
,Recommended,314660,16164896,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nickdbower,Used to play this as a kid on PS1 loved the re-make of this game :) brings back memories!
76561198092574933,Recommended,314660,16165269,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,botfleisch,"The game has been well ported / new written to the new times using a newer engine and redesign, It is almost a remake one to one with the original (not exactly one to one but conserving most of scenarios jokes and puzzles in the same way).What it is not nice is the horrible controls, first the controller on OSX is just broken (it works when it wants). Second the keyboard precission is horrible, sometimes I press jump+walk (to jump to a side) and it just steps in the direction not jump (so I step a mine). It is still palyable but this aspect is actually buggy and must be corrected.For everything else I would recommend the game but I really wish they correct the bugs with the controller (FIrst time I played that one was on a playstation, I want back that feeling using an actual controller and precisse actions!)."
,Recommended,314660,16154507,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dr. Prom,Hello.Hello!Follow Me.OK.AAAAHHHHHHH *Thump*Hehehe.
,Recommended,314660,16178840,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FxyO,if you never played odysse and youre on my flist buy it pls
76561198038701413,Recommended,314660,16464213,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,magickneito,"If you loved the original, this is a great rework of it (definitely not just a re-release on a new platform) and thoroughly enjoyable!If you don't know the original, this is an ideal game to pick up and get your feet wet!"
76561198040845141,Recommended,314660,14766287,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,byte me,"Believe the hype. Multiple reviews of 5/5 and 9/10 don't just happen without good reason. Oddworld is a brilliant game to bring back. It is a unique and timeless game. Played a few minutes and it looks amazing. Using my Logitech F710 with no issues. The controls feel smooth and responsive. I'm going to enjoy revisiting this exceptional game. For the yunguns who haven't played it or heard of it before, trust me, you won't be disappointed.As I was downloading this game, I suddenly recalled the second Oddworld game, Stranger's Wrath. That game was brilliant too and I actually enjoyed it more than Oddworld. I loved how your live ammo was literally live ammo. The humour, the storyline, everything about it was fun. This made me wonder if it had been released again, like Oddworld. Was over the moon to find it had and is available on Steam. If you never played it and enjoy this game, it's definately worth getting too.Wish they would release an updated Jet Set Radio Future. That's another timeless classic. Must have played weeks of my life on that game. lol They released one for the ipad, but it was crap."
76561198059807504,Recommended,314660,14908349,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Dr. Opaduce,"Let me first say that Abe's Oddysee is one of my top 3 favorite games of all time. My friend and I have played through probably a dozen times, saving all 99, and were both extremely excited to play New n Tasy.I had my friend over last night, and we played for an hour. New n Tasty definitely didn't disappoint. It's the game we know and love with fantastic graphics, comical one-liners from working Mudokons, and some really great updates/fixes for little quirks from the original (much easier picking up grenades, pulling levers, etc.)A big game dynamic neither one of us were sure about was the fact that the camera follows you instead of going screen to screen, but it's well done and it took 20 minutes for me to pause and make note of the fact that I hadn't noticed it at all and it felt very natural.I *really* wish there was a way to change the controller bindings to the classic controls, but I understand the change and realize this likely isn't a problem for many people.We know this game like the back of our hands, and other than struggling a bit with using the new controls, we were both extremely impressed and look forward to playing the rest of the game. Thanks for bringing this one back guys!"
76561198066855649,Recommended,314660,14883555,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,UnitedAllianceOfEvil,"The graphics are great, but it does have control issues, especially with the 360 wired controller."
76561198040132848,Recommended,314660,14851019,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SirZarmO:,"It's oddworld allright!, one of the better remakes of the year, and there's Linux support!Just great."
,Recommended,314660,14851583,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Bester,"Oddworld Inhabitants original and classic platform game Abe's Oddysee has been rebuilt from the ground up. Every screen, every character and every prop has been lovingly recreated in beautiful modern 3D graphics. New players will find 3 difficulty settings, a Quicksave option and new controls but if like me you prefer the old school gameplay then select Hard difficulty and toggle the Run & Hop options in the Control Settings Menu. There are currently some audio issues and minor gameplay bugs but many have already been resolved and the developers are actively taking feedback from players ready for the next patch. I cannot wait to see more! 9/10"
,Recommended,314660,14807625,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Box-Of-Hats,"I regret Pre-ordering this game. At the time of purchase my laptop exceeded all of the recommended specs to run this game. However, a day after the game was released the required specifications changed so that a Desktop GPU was required, meaning that my laptop had no chance of being able to run the game. This frustrated me greatly since I've been looking foreword to the release of this game for several months. I'm sure that the game is great but sadly, I cannot experience it"
76561198090470347,Recommended,314660,14855402,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,denis.fuenzalida,"This is one of the best remakes for a game I have ever seen, and has some of the most creative areas out there. The dificullty selection was needed and the quicksave is always welcome. It no longer has that ""trial and error"" feel to it and more like is your fault for messing up or your lack of skill. And I'll always enjoy the moments where I get to posses a slig."
76561198080482709,Recommended,314660,15044402,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,IamWalterWhite,"There's a reason why Oddworld has, against all odds, stayed alive and made it through really disparaging times. The love that Lorne (the creator and founder of Oddworld) still shines through and it is evident that JAW has that same love for Oddworld. This is a flawless execution, and I really couldn't have hoped for anything better. Just Add Water has my thanks, and I look forward to what they are going to do with future Oddworld titles. Infact I look forward to it so much, that I bought a copy on Steam, and for PS3, which I'm patiently waiting for. Being a fan from the original Play Station days I can't express how happy I am to be playing an updated version of my favorite game ever.10/10"
,Recommended,314660,15051390,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sypanite,"I've been an Oddworld fan since I was a child, I loved the originalAbe's Oddysee. I'd been dying to playNew 'n' Tastysince I found out about it in 2012.It lived up to my expectations. It stays true to the original and more than holds its own as a standalone side-scroller/puzzle game.-I feel the game could really use Oddworld Inhabitants' support for modding - community generated puzzles would be fantastic!Controller support is great, but the controls are non-reassignable. I wanted to customise the controller to have the original PlayStation 1 controls, but alas, they are fixed for some reason."
,Recommended,314660,15052064,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sain,The second best game that I've ever played
,Recommended,314660,15055911,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,alphacrafty,"Okay, so for those who don't know, this is a remake of the classic PS1 game, ""Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee"" and if you played that game then you know what you're getting yourself into. With that said, they did a good job on this game it's amazing how it still holds up and is better than most games out there.Pros:-Difficulty setting(If you enjoyed 1-hit kills from enemies and lots of trail and error then pick hard. Easier modes introduce a health system so it appeals to both newcomers of the series and veterans)-QUICKSAVE! (wasn't in the original)-An ""All of y'all"" chat (again, wasn't in the original)-Remastered visuals and cutscenes-Challenging (too many games hold your hand now-a-days)-Sligs (that one is a personal one haha)Cons:-Not much of a soundtrack (expected but I thought I should mention it)-lags sometimes-First time players will have a hard time getting the good ending. Most likely won't get it on their first run.....and there really isn't anything bad about this game. It's a solid and challenging platformer that I seriously recommend."
,Recommended,314660,14927613,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,piquina,"I liked the game but it was very difficult. I was playing EASY mode.I got stucked several times and I don't like reading how to get through guides. I'd rather figure things out by myself and that cost me the worst ending ever.:( I earned the Mudokon Salami achievement, I finished the game and I ended up so sad. Usually games cheer me up but this one is sad  starting from the whole story.I do recommend it for those nerds who spend tons of hours playing but for busy/happy people, play other game instead.I loved the REMASTERED work using Unity, ASTOUNDING~!"
76561198067076678,Recommended,314660,14950289,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,That guy,"Abe's never looked better if you're familiar with him, otherwise prepare for a bag of emotions"
76561198116294311,Recommended,314660,15093676,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pokhendy,Thank you. This game brought back some old memories of the previous games. It is a very fun to play game :)
,Recommended,314660,14775630,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Crazy566,"I had been following this remake since it got announced and having played the original back on PSX I was quite impressed to see what JAW (Just Add Water) the main group who were behind this game would be able to do.This remake was ambitious for them to undertake as this was a scratch rebuild and considering there small team of under 20 people when what was shown from them on the PS4 version release was pretty impressive.And now finally It's now on PC I have to say damn good job JAW small attentions to detail in even the little things, solid gameplay can complete around 15hrs (upward if rescuing all 299 mudokons)Visually this has kept alot of the feel to the original while advances in technology haved helped enhance details over the original old static sprites of smoke are now volumetric, while some lense effects were applied to the camera this for me assisted in the style of the game of the original.On the side of the audio this has managed to stay mostly the same from the original the various enemies now sound more vocal while close to the original, changes in the audio I've noticed which were slightly different was the voice of Abe and the chant other than that all the changes and enhancements to the audio have helped update this game for the future.There is only minor changes to this remake over the original and they feel like the belong, some levels have been changed with possibly more secret areas, slight edits and expands to fit into the new field of area as it now runs in widescreen and now we have 299 Mudokons to rescue over the original 99.All in all JAW has done a great job at this and me personally look forward to possibly a Exodus remake and a Abe's ???? in future I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoyed the original and even new comers looking at platformers.So get out there and start your own Mudokon conga line :D"
,Recommended,314660,14800340,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,bye2,♥♥♥♥in cool
76561198116006560,Recommended,314660,15016902,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,QuantumKris (ง’̀-‘́)ง,"Everytime I try to run it, it freezes and Says ""Not Responding"" How can i fix this!"
,Recommended,314660,19189233,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ubiquit,"Finally after almost 20 years I was able to save Mudokons and Abe. What a oddysee, what a nostalgia! :)"
,Recommended,314660,14655415,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xLink,10/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN
,Recommended,314660,14657673,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,乇乂丁尺卂 丁卄丨匚匚,It is beautifulAll of my yes
,Recommended,314660,14660167,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Falco [♏],"Gore and Farts, they haven't been more fun, since 1997.Also don't try to fart at home, it may be combustible.I give it Farts/10, would Fart again."
,Recommended,314660,14666315,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Oddworld220,"The original is my favourite game of all time, and this is a very faithful reboot, with some nice changes to the puzzles to suit the new camera-style.Also I can fart at will 10/10."
76561198095569642,Recommended,314660,14666948,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zoetrope,Hello.Follow me.Buy this game.
,Recommended,314660,19327800,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Karurauatsuurei,"i like how he farts, basically all the chanting and hellos rofl"
,Recommended,314660,14657957,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CrazedFilms,very challenging still has lots of bugs to be fixed but it is awesome
76561198061689090,Recommended,314660,14658025,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,THE681,SPOT ON!!!!remasterd and kept everything that makes it oddworld worthy!!! pff munch and straingers wrath.. this game is what oddworld is all about :Dthank your for the updated graphics and controles!even the original 2 had nice graphics but the controles sucked and you improved everything with this game :Dgood job!i gifted it to my dad as he used to play back on ps1 and he loves this remake..once again THANK YOU :D
76561198005261289,Recommended,314660,14658111,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Toxin616,"Waited untill PC got the port, wasnt let down.Almost wept tears of joy when first starting it up, the nostalgia of my childhood all started flowing back.One of the best platformers ever made and one of the best remakes ever made.10/10"
,Recommended,314660,14671092,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Nobody,New style of old school.
76561198062095052,Recommended,314660,24313874,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,redjay71,"THIS is how reboots should be done! I played the heck out of the original, and this is very similar to that experience but even more gratifying with the design and graphic updates. Also, when talking to your fellow mudokons, you can finally call upon everyone to follow you instead of one at a time! Progress! You also have continuous scrolling screens rather than 1 screen at a time! More progress! I love the updated sound design, but my only complaint is the paramites do not sound nearly as frightening as in the original. (Those buggers would give me nightmares with their hisses!) I liked how fluid the gamepad controls were for it, but one complaint is you do the upward hoist jump when you tap the jump button rather than do the 3-space horizontal jump, and that is not good for some levels. (There are times I tried to do that 3-space jump and accidentally walked into the landmine! Frustrating! Never happened in the original.) Overall, still very good controls, much smoother. Also, the game is so much more forgiving with the quicksave feature. All in all, if you have never played Oddworld before, this is the best place to start. Oh, and a bit of advice if you have never played before: be careful with that first lever..."
,Recommended,314660,24383017,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kapan!,Someone ask me about a good remake.... THIS IS A GODDAM* REMAKE... Thanks. 10 points
76561198044685690,Recommended,314660,24295531,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gray Fullbuster,Its GoodThat is all
,Recommended,314660,21748215,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,bnelson333,"I have taken the time to get to know this game better so I am updating my review. First is my updated review, followed by my original, first impression, review, unedited.Being an Oddworld fan since the original, this game was a blessing, a disappointment, and a redemption of sorts (see original review). After playing a few more hours, I have a new found appreciation for this updated game.First, attention to the original. At first, I was put off by how many minor changes there were from the original. That said, I've increasingly noticed how many nods to the original there are. A lot of the puzzles are even the same. While the controls and the mechanics are a little different, overall, it's true to the spirit of the original.The graphics are on part with what I would expect. Obviously the better video card you have, the better they will look.My only real suggestion/complaint is regarding the controller. If you want the feel of the original game, use a well established controller (read: Xbox USB controller). Keyboard/mouse feel wonky for this game, and generic controller has really iffy support in game. If you have a good controller, it makes a world of difference for this game.I am changing this to a ""recommend"". Coming in fresh, it's a great game. Coming in already an Oddworld fan, it takes some getting used to, but I think one will still enjoy it.---Original review:I love love love the original Oddworld. It was the main reason I bought my Playstation (original) back in 1997-1998ish. I have played it through so many times and it is fantastic. The controls are great, the story is great, the challenge is great.So fast forward a couple decades and I hear they're ""remaking"" Oddworld. COOL! I bet it's the same game with better graphics and maybe an expanded story.Was I ever disappointed. They seem to have put so little thought into the controls of this game that it makes it unplayable. If you accidentally change your input device from keyboard to gamepad and you forget to bind any key, you're screwed because the keyboard just turns off and you're stuck.Oh, and the controls are nothing like the original game. They've dumbed it down and remapped the controls into weird spots.I wish I could even say the graphics are better, but they just don't seem a whole lot better. I mean, I know the difference between Playstation and modern PCs is a lot, but it seems like they could have done them SO much better on this game than they did.I think if you don't have a strong background in the original game and you come at this fresh, it might be enjoyable. But if you're hoping for something that will do the original justice, you're going to be let down. It's hard for me to recommend or not based on that, so my ""no"" will reflect the latter."
,Recommended,314660,24145836,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ConqXIV,This is the most similar thing to Dark Souls  people on the 90's had. Can't wait for the new game.
76561197965037945,Recommended,314660,20253616,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SeRpenTerA,Reminded me of the good old times.Had a lot of fun and it is not just a simple graphics update. They included a whole new level where you ride on that really fast animal thing. Was quite tricky and I cursed a lot but when I finished it I felt happy and satisfied (almost no current game can give me these feelings).I'm now waiting for the refresh of Abe's Exodus.
,Recommended,314660,20210296,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Occam's Razor,"An update of a classic that is undoubtedly true to the original.New 'n' Tasty is a brilliant way to relive the classic Abe's Oddysee, without ever feeling that the game has drifted too far from its roots. The puzzles and locations are all the same, with a few minor tweaks to fit in with the graphical updates. It's incredible to go through old, recognisable locations that have been updated with beautiful graphics for the present day. Every location, consequently, looks both new and familiar.While this is a faithful update, there are a few tweaks and new additions. For example, Abe now has a health bar which you can replenish by chanting around birds. Playing into this, you now have three difficulty levels to choose from. Sometimes you can take advantage of the fact that each ""screen"" from the old game is now part of a single, long level; this sort of thing allows you to mind-control the Sligs when previously you couldn't because of those floating probe droids were on your ""screen"", but now you can move just out of range of them.The game is not without its flaws, however. Even on a single playthrough I came across a few bugs and glitches. Occasionally you might be doing an intense platforming section where you can't stop moving, but you will abruptly grind to a halt for no reason. Such an instance, especially when you are being chased, will lead to instant death. Additionally, some of the controls can get a bit fiddly. The game's instance on you pressing the jump button and then the direction a split second later can either result in your jumps being poorly timed or Abe simply grabbing onto the ledge above him. Finally, you might find occasionally that when you try to trigger something integral to a puzzle, nothing happens. It's a shame that the game was thoroughly bug-tested prior to release, but fortunately these glitches are few and far between, and hardly game-breaking.A quick note should be made about the claim that there's three times as many Mudokens to rescue in this game. While this is true, the extra rescuees are all in the same locations as before. All you have to do is shepherd the same group to the same location. The only thing that's different is the number of prisoners who jump through the portal: this doesn't make the task any trickier or add anything unique that wasn't in the original. Please don't think there's three times as much content, because it's the same as it was before. The extra Mudokens add nothing.All in all, this is a wonderful way to see a *true* graphical update of a classic game. The entire world is re-imagined without ever stepping too far from what you remember. They built the game from scratch, but they never left the original drawing board. The world feels a lot more connected than it did previously (especially when you can see locations you've already visited in the background), and they managed to do it without ""ruining your childhood"". I'd recommend this game for both fans of the original and people who have never touched and Oddworld game before."
,Recommended,314660,20720498,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Oli,"This game runs fine on my desktop pc, but gave quite some issues on a MSI gaming laptop, ie: laggy cutscenes and low FPS ingame. Tweaking the Nvidia settings made it more playable, but still gave more headache than should.For reference, games like Farcry 4 and Batman gave no issues on the laptop.Game is recommended, just keep an eye on the minimum specs and on what kind of hardware you'll run it on."
76561198169396504,Recommended,314660,20665300,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,PlazmaSquid,"I played Munches Oddissy when I was younger but never knew there was an Abe's game. I got this title out of sher Nostaliga, and because the characters were lovable. backstory aside.This game is hard as balls.  And many times you fall into a room and it will, basicly test your will to not look up guides. For newcomers, it will be very difficult, but a word of Advice. Calls will make the slaves fall off cliffs. Your welcome.My only Major complante is the exists. And hear me out.Normally its a simple Left to right then the exist. But with this, the exist to the next level, is not at the far end. And out of the train route, the Elevator, and a little crevis. Some How the Godamm Hole in the wall that wasn't that hard to find was the exist and now you got 36 deaths on your hand.So yeah, exists are unclear and unless you want to start the entire Level over which might last an hour its going to pull a♥♥♥♥♥♥move in not telling you what is the exsit, and what is just another part of the room.you can't go back and you immediately hit a checkpoint when starting, so all those slaves you were going to save are dead forever.Again your going to have to start the whole level over.But this in a way is like ""Portal""  Its going to take you trial and error and a lot of fails, but when you finally figure it out. It becomes very satisfying."
,Recommended,314660,20651577,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jinx,Yes x1000.
76561198025056651,Recommended,314660,20018547,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ultima Hombre,An excellent remaster of a really terrific game. Some of the most original artwork i've ever seen in a game that  leaves you feeling immersed in a very unique world. If you have or have not played this game before I would recommend it.
,Recommended,314660,20640122,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,i don't remember dying that much in the original
,Recommended,314660,19966941,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Squally92,Awesome remake of the original.  Loads of fun :)
76561198061035716,Recommended,314660,19907268,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Squeakers,I like this game as much as the old ones! Abe is still the same funny character and they've not changed anything for the worse. Love it :) 10/10
76561197970639672,Recommended,314660,19962681,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hnqla,"Fantastic game. Beautiful graphics. Immersive story line. A touch of humor.But most importantly: infinite lives, puzzles and secrets.I wish I could play it again for the first time. Fills your brain with awe and wonder.This is a must have game!"
76561197983259317,Recommended,314660,20131417,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DaedalusCZ,Beautifully made remake of one of my favorite games. If you didnt play original then buy this.
,Not Recommended,314660,20030642,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,thenikus,"Man, I wanted to like this game so bad. I've known about the game since my childhood but never played it. Now that the HD version hit the store, I gave it a shot. But there is one fatal flaw: the gamepad controls. Here's mys experience using a wireless XBox 360 controller (user experience varies depending on gamepad used and on sheer luck) 1. If I use the default XBox 360 controller settings, I can't 'chant', which is an integral part of the gameplay. 2. Setting up a custom controller mapping makes it so that whenever I go into aim mode, Abe automatically turns to the right and stays locked, which means that I can never throw things to the left of me. 3. Using keyboard controlls and overwriting them with a gamepad to keyboard mapping program is dissatisfactory.Since nothing helps to make the gamepad work and playing a platformer with the keyboard would mean I would be going straight to hell, I can only give this game another shot once the devs fix this egregious problem. Until then, I can't recommend it."
76561198011539099,Recommended,314660,21872239,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"A Remake Done Right!My childhood game, back better than ever!awesome voice acting, gameplay and graphicsThey made all betterand don't you worry! Abe Exodus Remake is coming!;) Believe in Odd!"
,Recommended,314660,25925129,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JCFrito,"Truly a great game, although it just lacks the special, somewhat dark atmosphere the old ones had, also the difficulty was drastically lowered even on the highest settings. If you want the true legendary Oddworld experience, then go and buy yourself a copy of the old school Oddysee and/or Exoddus."
,Recommended,314660,26122868,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ghosti,I played the ps1 version as a kid. Now i can experience my childhood memories with more colorful and better graphics. The game is catchy and entertaining but only thing that eats few points is that i get stuck on some chapters because this game is still quite hard. But afterall i recommend you to give this game a try.
,Recommended,314660,25990070,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,alexanderfc,"I forgot how infuriating the original was.  It's been just short of 20 years since I first played this on the PS1, this revamp is perfect! Even though I've played through the original and its sequel many a time, it still takes a lot of patience and reloading quicksaves if you want to rescue every possible mudokon.Gameplay is great and puzzles are challenging, and the achievements make for an even better game."
76561198007108663,Recommended,314660,25620782,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,White.Reaper.94,"I havent played this game much yet but I had high hopes for it since its re-master since I enjoyed the ps1 version.This game defiently delivered in the short time ive been playing, brings back so many memories :)))"
76561198094803551,Recommended,314660,26186340,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jm.chrisostome,Pleasant and hard as the original.I loved the sounscape and ambient from the old game.Nice to play and still interesting.I'd love to play to the next remake...
76561198112159368,Recommended,314660,26296539,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mrchhris,I love this game! Marvelous - Simply MARVELOUS!
,Recommended,314660,27462779,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Takkalenkki,"Ahh yes. The good old Abe is back.I still remember when my dad bought me a PS1 and it had the legendary demo disc with it. In that disc there were only few games and two sort-of-games(?), including T-Rex walking simulator and such. The games were Hercules demo and the other one Abe's Oddysee. I used to play AO daily, even though just a demo and couldn't get that far.Fast forward to few years ago when I found out that every Oddworld game is in Steam. Bought them and played them. Did not disappoint. Then I found out that they were making this, New 'n' Tasty. Waited a bit before buying but boy, am I glad I did. Can't really think of a bad thing to say about it.TL;DRPick it up if you liked the original and want to feel the nostalgia with better graphics!"
,Recommended,314660,23440886,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MadRick,This game is my childhood reborn. the orginal was one of the first games i ever played on the PC. I remember playing it when I was still in primary school.Brings back so many memories of mind controling slugs and running into a meat grider............ I was a messed up child10/10
76561198025054446,Recommended,314660,22232788,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MuzikJunky,"If you loved the other Oddworld games, you’ll love this one, too! The question, however, is which is more fun: rescuing the Mudokons or KILLING them! Peace."
,Recommended,314660,24109771,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,enthusiast,"Any fan of the original or anyone looking to get into the series ought to pick this one up. Its the original but with better controls, bonus content, and clear graphics basically. Nuff said."
76561197999947640,Recommended,314660,16413823,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zardous,"Fairly good remake of the original, I grew up with the original and it's sequel so the nostagia is there, the only thing that disappoints me is the game feels a bit silly, the voices are all goofy, and bits that I liked so much that were so satifying in the original aren't here, certain sound effects sound a little soft in this version, not as gritty. I got it on sale so can't complain."
,Recommended,314660,16848795,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sanctum,"fantastic game from my childhood! Its alot easier than the original, but still alot of fun!"
,Recommended,314660,17737288,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SacrificedSin87,"If you grew up in the 1990's you may remember an indie game called ""Oddworld: Abe's Odysee"". This game was centred around a small blue guy called Abe who, along with the rest of his friends, was enslaved and worked for cruel Glukkon bosses with sadistic Slig supervisors. These creatures were often subjected to being beaten or shot in a day's work (and if the went on strike, I bet it was worse). One day, Abe finds out that the managers are planning a ""New 'n' Tasty"" product. This new kind of meat? Abe and his Mudoken friends! So you have to possess sligs (and make them go boom), get up close and personal with the local wildlife, (who are just as friendly) and whistle and fart (yes, fart) your way through temples and puzzles to get Abe and his friends out of Rupture Farms.The game from way back then was amazing and it has been remade, rebuilt and ressurected. It is such a visual treat as it conjures up the old nostalgia of the original game but with a ""next gen"" make over. Graphically stunning, new features are welcome (such as being able to ""Quicksave"" which was only released in the spin off title) and leading more than one of Abe's friends at a time) as well as new puzzles and things to discover. If you loved the original game then this is a must have! And for new players, welcome to Oddworld, just be careful of anything that moves as even your environment is out to kill you!"
76561198050661885,Recommended,314660,17715436,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Gencab,"What a blast from the past i havent played the original all the way through since i was a kid when it first came out seeing abe redone alone was well worth the money... its funny i cant tell you what i have for lunch yesterday but i remember where all the sercrets and rescued them all first playthrough definitely will replay this again awesome job best ""reboot"" i have bought yet"
76561198005599258,Recommended,314660,17625240,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RIDE ZA LIGHTNING!!!,"Ah, Abe's Oddysey. I remember being 11 years old when I first got it, back when begging our parents to buy us a video game was a hard sell. It's very rare to see a nostalgic game redone from the ground up, and yet stay faihfully steadfast to its core. Right down to each individual platform and puzzle. Of particular note, are the cutscenes. Obviously they're FMV's and not rendered with the game engine. Infact, I think they're the original cutscenes from the PS1 game upscaled. And if I'm right, then it really does show how timeless the art design is, since it can stand with games of our current era.One thing I have noticed with these nostalgic games, and this is more interesting than it is a negative. These nostalgic titles actually feel shorter than they did when I first played them. Like, I don't remember the escape from Rupture farms being as short as it is, and I'm not sure what it is, whether it's the camera angle, controls, or instinctive muscle memory being triggered again.Regardless, I can't recommend this enough, whether you're a new player or going on Nostalgia like me. 10/10 would yo yo yo yo again."
,Recommended,314660,14708510,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cashdar,"There's many of things in this game that I liked and a few I dislikes. But, I'm gonna give out dislikes first to get them out of the way.1.Leaderboards (FIXED), I like the leaderboards where you can challenge people on how fast and how many mudokons you save combined. But there's one thing that ruins the leaderboard, people that breaks it first will always be first no matter what. I'm currently in 3rd place on Alf's Escape and I don't think it's right for those people that get 00:00:00. It'll show that they cheated but it's not a fact that they got the score fair. Also, I would recommend some kind of video that records that chapter.2.NPC behavior, Sometimes a npc will be just be sitting there like if it's a statue or something. But it's not only that I dislike about it. I also dislike about how the paramites react even though you're just above them. The way they behave when your above them when there's 2 of them, they just panic a lot. But in the original game, the paramites just sit there and wait for the prey to at least come down for them to snack on. It gives more of a ""odd"" feeling about those creatures.3.Difficulty, It's good and all but I would've at least thought that it would've made not just the health an instant kill but make the npcs more active than just have a couple of sligs sleeping on HARD mode. It's great that there's a difficulty mode but I wish HARD mode was more challenging and more different than normal and easy.What I like about the game1.Cutscenes, I like how there's more cutscenes but not only that. In the original game at the beginning of the game where the glukkons were having a disscusion on there food business, it was hard to understand on what they were saying. Now I'm able to understand what they were saying and it was totally different than what I thought I heard from the original game.2.Music, Before I played the game I thought that the music was gonna be completely different than the original, but I was wrong. It's more better and has a effect on how close you are on getting caught with the ""big bam"" effect on the player. It was very interesting but on some parts I was expecting the music to be more dramatic than the original game. The chasing music will never make me get bored of the music but I was hoping for more of a better remix than it is currently now.3.Killing Bats, I know this might be funny and stupid of me to post something about killing bats or wrong.... But, I hate bats on this game so much on paramonia temple. Thank you developers on adding this to the game, you made me even happier on this game being released.4.Outfits, I like the Scrub outfit, but I'm hoping that there'll be more than just the Scrub Outfit. Because I'm fan of Oddworld and my fan character or creature is the Scrab and I hope there's some kind of a Outfit for Abe that has a head of a Scrab. But also others probably like other outfits as well for Abe.5.Outside of Paramonia Temple & Scrabania Temple, I like how it doesn't feel like it's closer than you think it is when your wandering around to either your left or right. I also like some parts where you canRide Elum on a very long path with many gaps between and how fast elum is. It doesn't make him useless on his speed than you thought it was on the original game.6.Subtitles, They were okay but a few of the subtitles when abe finishes his tasks were a either a second or 2 sconds delay from Abe's words. The subtitles are great to have on just incase if you want to multitask on listening music and seeing the subtitles.Those were my descriptions on what I liked and disliked about this game, so thanks for reading my review and I hope you also enjoy or willing to get the game because the game is excellent. I'm looking forward to the developers next game on Oddworld: Exoddus if they do get a lot of people's positives on this game."
76561198071425679,Recommended,314660,16936165,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,sam.lipani,great game
,Recommended,314660,16952091,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cammy,"It's been a very long time since the original, but this game is definitely one of those games you have to buy for nostalgia, and if you haven't played Oddworld before, you're in for a treat! One of the best Strategy Platformers I've ever played."
,Recommended,314660,17689757,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,rinaldigotama,Really good! It was one of my favorite childhood games in PS1 and the makeover makes it even better!
76561198119247500,Recommended,314660,28248161,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,dylanfstanton,Feels new and nostalgic at the same time! A must have for Oddworld fans.
,Recommended,314660,28142860,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kora,"Now this is a remake that won't make you scream ""Get me out of here!""One word. Amazing."
,Recommended,314660,28082289,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vanilla ✜,Been wanting this game for ages and I'm so glad I was finally able to buy and play it. It very quickly became one of my favourites of the whole franchise.
,Recommended,314660,28783791,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bozzl,"might be the drugs talking, but goddamn this game is fun even with the changes and updates made to it. kept the overall concept intact and ALMOST as hilerious. i hear word of you kats remaking ABes Exidous? if that is so......well i have some money here for you.♥♥♥♥♥♥man hope you guys remake stranger too!.......and idk maybe even give us some new content?<<<3333333"
,Recommended,314660,29018459,Posted: 4 January,all,Charmander,"Just finished the story now, I really loved every second of it!I played a few minutes of the original, and was interested enough by it to get this one. Definitely an improvement! Just more viewable, I can't speak for the mechanics.An absolute must play, it has been a while since i played what really felt like an adventure game."
,Recommended,314660,29149894,Posted: 9 January,all,Jackalope,Great remake of the original after a bit of lighting tweaking and wrestling with the controls. I even Managed to remember location of over 200 mudokons from the original!
,Recommended,314660,28988370,Posted: 3 January,all,Raven_dob,"More or less a complete update and reboot of the first game that came out approximatley 20 years ago. Given the added benifit of more up to date graphics, more mudokons to save and more clear and concise dialogue. You won't be able to look at the old version again in the same way.puzzles weren't too hard, and all in all a fun and enjoyable game.Rumours of a rebooted sequel due out this yearIf you want to check out my playthrough you can watch it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej6NtXUqDHY&list=PLe2xaR3GH_jPUoXV5ysARyrKGVqlQOmTD^_^"
,Recommended,314660,29166932,Posted: 10 January,all,Ed,"Quite faithful to the original yet modernised well. Very few bugs and gameplay is good, albeit short story."
76561198022347832,Recommended,314660,15679723,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Delightfully Devilish Seymour,"Absolutely fantastic game from some fantastics devs.It stays true to the original while adding twice ze flavour!Beautiful graphics, beautiful gameplay, beautiful story. I love this game, and you will too.The only thing I can flaw it on is some controls, and gameplay mechanics.Sometimes it would seem impossible to complete a puzzle because I jumped one pixel (seemingly) too early, or too late; an issue I never had with the original. This made me rage quit a lot more than I ever did, but quick-saving helped solve many frustrations.In saying that, though, the devs are actively helping to solve these problems which is fantastic to see :)Buy this game!"
76561197981480193,Recommended,314660,31007207,Posted: 7 April,all,Snipit,"A great game, if you where a fan of the original then this game is 100% for you. Hours of fun and also a little dlc pack, but the dlc seems to go out its way just to be hard but still fun. I really hope they remake the second game"
76561198020950416,Recommended,314660,30005389,Posted: 18 February,all,kj-p,"PROBLEM WITH COMPATIBILITY? In 25th of January i've bought a game ""Oddworld: New'n'Tasty Complete Edition"" via Steam (directly form Steam shop). Unfortunatelly I can't play this game, because just after start i have a information about bad key (?). It works only at my netbook (Windows 7 HE 32 bit), but netbook's configuration is too weak for this game, At others computers at home (Windows 7 Pro 64 bit) it doesn.t work, even when I uninstalled game from netbook. Could you tell me what should I do? I verified positively all game files and the problem still is. Earlier I've bought an old version of Abe's Oddysee, maybe there is some conflict between these two products? Please, help me if you can."
,Recommended,314660,31026195,Posted: 8 April,all,MCPMatt,"An absolutely awesome game. If you liked Abe's Oddysee back in the 90's, you'll love this remade HD version too."
,Recommended,314660,29599891,Posted: 30 January,all,buffaloseven,"Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty is an excellent remake of the 1997 classic Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. Looks great and the core gameplay still shines all these years later. The game becomes difficult, but never annoying. An excellent slice of puzzling and platforming."
,Recommended,314660,31013249,Posted: 8 April,all,iineedfire,Pretty rare for a remake to be better than the original - competing with so much nostalgia.New 'n' Tasty does just that.9/10
76561197985847899,Recommended,314660,29459017,Posted: 24 January,all,birkinsmith,All the clunky controls of the original have been updated and optimized and the game itself is visually perfect and loyal to the original.My biggest hope is that Abes Exodus is available next... That was so much more fun and in this case is imrpoving upon perfection
76561198046576499,Recommended,314660,29399727,Posted: 21 January,all,ミスターシェームヘル,"On of the better games made, it is challenging and the world and designare amongst the most original!I loved this game on the playstation 1 and this remake is excellently made!If you haven't tried it you definently should, you won't be dissapointed!"
76561198063174296,Recommended,314660,29350816,Posted: 18 January,all,viridisamor,"A game that I played in my single digit years, Abe's Oddysee holds a special place in my heart. I'm pleased that it has had enough renown to be remade, but I'm concerned with the direction it's taken. Too colorful, too silly, too family friendly; this game stands apart from its origin in good and bad ways... The dark and grim aesthetic of the previous release will always be my go to, but I am obligated to honor my mastery of the game by playing the newer version. I'm hopeful Soulstorm will represent the atmosphere portrayed in Exoddus. Perhaps the universe will revisit their more realistic origins in future releases. That is my greatest wish with the company. Always in love with Oddworld, no matter what. It's the principle that fuels the life of my admiration.This release is perfect for anyone who started playing after Exoddus and even for 8+ year olds. Ideal for anyone looking for eye candy with a challenge. I recommend this game to anyone looking for an exciting adventure with all the handicaps they need to manage a full play-through. Oddysee was an ordeal that required courage and dedication. This one simply requires your PC to run it flawlessly."
,Recommended,314660,29848584,Posted: 11 February,all,Phat lewiii,"A brilliantly side-scrolling adventure, New 'n' Tasty focuses on Abe, a puny, bumbling alien out to escape the sinister factory farm where he and his fellow Mudokons are enslaved. Because Abe is relatively defenseless and weak, you as a player must dodge a lot of spinning blades and explosive traps (something that requires careful timing and observation), sneaking past threats, and – if there's no security hardware nearby to prevent it – mind-controlling guards.Definitely would recommend this game :D"
,Recommended,314660,29831865,Posted: 10 February,all,fredthedead,"Not as challenging as the original but still a very good game. It's a more accessible way to experience this great adventure all the way through. There are still challenges to be had and there are some replay value there as well. Sweet graphics, great sound and it controls better than I expected (these kinds of games from back in the days could be pretty frustrating on that department)."
76561198048216535,Recommended,314660,26326156,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SpecialAgentBazoo,Never seen such a HD Fart1153/10
,Recommended,314660,31393490,Posted: 27 April,all,BippoErnesti,"Having been a fan of the Oddworld games (most strongly Oddysee and Exoddus), I was ecstatic to hear about this game. It took me years longer than I intended, but now that I've played Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty through, I can say this remake is pretty great.The game is largely the same in terms of level design and secrets, which means any Oddysee vet should be able to find most, if not all the mudokons on their first run. This remake introduces smooth scrolling, which actually didn't negatively affect the puzzles as I had originally expected due to the rather cleverly designed camera movement.Some of the mechanics required relearning due to the controls having been revamped and honestly, I'd say the way Abe controls is probably one of the weakest points of this game. The movements you do no longer feel as deliberate and precise as in the original. The aiming is rather clumsy, which it was in Oddysee as well, but at least in that game it was predictable. All of this, however, is forgivable after a bit of getting used to, as they're not outright terrible. You might experience a few deaths more because of this, though.The graphics look nice, though even on the highest settings some environments had really blocky or glitchy shadows which made the scenery in those parts look pretty ugly. Other than that, the areas, especially Rupture Farms, have a lot of attention to detail.The soundtrack is pretty much the same good stuff from the original, but the voices are completely new. It was nice hearing variety in the Mudokons' voices and the idle chatter from both Mudokons and Sligs, as repetitive as they might get after a while.So, overall, I'd recommend this game to anyone who's in the mood for an action-platformer with puzzle elements. If you're a fan of the old games, you will probably get a kick out of this. If you haven't played the Oddworld games yet, this isn't a bad game to start with."
76561197965158099,Recommended,314660,31381152,Posted: 26 April,all,Hekatonkheires,"I loved the original and Abe's Exoddus, but there are some issues that I have with this remastered version.Meat grinders. There's something seriously wrong with them, they appear to move faster the higher your framerate is. Some were barely possible to pass at 60 FPS with many minutes of retrying.Controls are worse than the original. The original game only allowed you to move a set distance with each step, in this it feels a lot more ""analog"". In the original either you were safely standing one step from a grinder or you were standing in a grinder and about to die. In this, you can intersect with the grinder while standing next to it and get gibbed. The platforming feels looser as a result of this.Some animations look really strange, such as entering doors. It looks like Abe suddenly fast-forwards until the animation ends.On the plus side, the graphical update is nice."
,Recommended,314660,31552619,Posted: 4 May,all,ChomskyHonk,"It will suck you in today like it did decades ago. The in game graphical detail is astounding, the comedy still lands and any nostalgia triggered is always a plus. Excellent game, does recommend."
,Recommended,314660,31410141,Posted: 27 April,all,Logdazz,"One of the best platform games I've ever played. Funny, smart, balanced and with great visuals. 10/10"
,Recommended,314660,15810082,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The Frog®,This is an example of how re-makes should be done.Graphics: 10/10 (looks fantastic running on ultra at 60 fps on Gtx 970)Gameplay: 8/10Controls: 8/10Replayability: 9/10Sound: 9/10Value for money: 10/10Overall score 48/50Oddworld New N Tasty is worth getting and is a must buy when on sale.
76561198108579218,Recommended,314660,35087159,Posted: 20 September,all,cappe111,I love this game so much. I have played it on PS1 when i was little. And it is exactly like then but much better graphics and controls.
76561198105785790,Recommended,314660,35090860,Posted: 20 September,all,RastaBambi,"Had trouble using the D-Pad actions of my XBOX 360 controller at first, but realized its a Steam issue. The fix was to go into big picture mode, disable the profile for XBOX 360 conttroller and voila! The game worked. Now I can go back to enjoying the addictive puzzles and great humor of this game. All in all a really fun game for casual platforming and puzzle solving. Works well as a couch co-op too!"
,Recommended,314660,17999881,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Switchblade,"So i just found out that this game will help fund the all new oddworld game called "" soulstorm"" so if you want to help make soulstorm the best that itcan be i suggest getting this game if you dont already have it. with that said this game is a remake of the old oddworld game abes oddysee but with better grahpics and more options, not to mention a little extra stuff here and there. The game is amazing i loved playing every second of it and if you are a fan this will still bring back that old feeling of playing the game again. its a must buy for anyone that loves oddworld and for those who never heard of oddworld this will still help introduce you to the world of oddworld"
76561197991465949,Recommended,314660,14651236,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gagarin,Best oddworld ever!
,Recommended,314660,14686424,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Krimzon,"As a long-time fan of the Oddworld franchise and someone who played the original Abe's Oddysee back in the day, I can say with all honesty that is a great remake that does justice on most from the original game. The game, even though it has been built from the ground up, from scratch, plays very similar to the originall. Even though it has drifted away from the multi-screen cinematic playstyle the original had, it still functions with the same mechanics,The gameplay is smooth and fun, yet still keeps its difficulty and is now tweaked to have three different difficulties to choose from for those that are new to the Abe series, familiar with it, or are looking to play the hardcore bare bones style of the original.The edition of some of Abe's Exoddus features is a nice touch as well. One of the major gripes I had with the original was the checkpoint system, which is now much better, and even has the addition of the quicksave feature, allowing you to save at anytime, from Exoddus.Overall this isa  pretty faithful remake. I would probably still say the original is better, since the game lacks a lot of what made the original great, but I do highly recommend it for any Oddworld fans.Gameplay: 7.9/10Story: 8.5/10Soundtrack: 8/10Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,314660,35384379,Posted: 1 October,all,vazilin,играл в классику
