user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,314790,28204523,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,megaramuse,"I have been eagerly waiting for Silence to be released for what feels like two years.  I have played almost every Daedelic adventure game and look forward to anything new they release.  The visuals and story-rich plot offered up in the trailer had me mesmerized as an avid point-and-click adventure junky.  I finished the game yesterday feeling so disappointed.  Particularly, the game is too short for the price.  And what really bummed me out the most is that it doesn't feel like this is going to happen while you are playing it.  And then, BOOM!, the developers leap over so much potential story building and cut to the ending.  Just as you are beginning to feel connected to the characters and the story, it is just torn away.  It left me feeling pretty much nothing during the entire ending because of how unpleasantly I felt toward the characters.  I think that Daedelic sold themselves short on this one.  They are missing so much plot here.  If you are like me and can't not buy this game, I promise you it will be visually and audibly satisfying, but the story just flops.  I'm sad to have to give this review."
76561198053378171,Recommended,314790,26622018,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Yaslana,"Final review:I love this game. It was worth every second it took me to play it. I certainly will play it again in order to try some other choices and look where they lead me.I can only repeat myself: The soundtrack fits perfectly. It makes sad, but still somewhat (against all odds) hopeful. It is beautiful and quiet. It takes the game 5 minutes to show you the ugly side of war and leaves you breathless and horrified. Its not graphic in that way. It doesn't need to.It's very story heavy. A thousand kudos to the writers who deserve all the love because the story is sooooo good.Also it tries some interesting mechanics in the P&C genre. For me they are pretty new, since I'm used to the classic inventory / combine everything with everything / repeat as necessary mechanics. I wont judge these mechanics. They are neither better nor worse than what I had so far. They are simply different.But I also have some negative points which I want to address:1. So I finished the game in roughly 6 hours.Which is disappointing, tbh. P&C adventures usually don't take a massive amount of time to finish them (they are no Skyrim after all) but even so 6h is not enough.I might reason this with the fact that there ARE choices that give one reason to play it more than once in order to experience it differently and see different places, get different puzzles, etc.I have to rescind my comment in which I addressed Epic Fox. They are right. 30€ is a bit much for (in my case) 1,5 evenings of playtime.2. There are not enough puzzles and those that are there are to easy. I love P&C adventures but I'm hardly a veteran and, tbh, I google for solutions way to often. (I should learn to be more patient I guess?) This time, I didn't google at all. Not once. I turned off all helpers besides the finder on the MMB. The game is story heavy and basically is a lot of cut scenes with a few choices to influence the stories progression and a few puzzles to give you something to do.This two points in combination leave me a bit wanting. When I comes to game play this one certainly is not my favorite Daedalic game.*_*In the end, I still recommend this game if you have the money to spare.Maybe I should mention, that I did not know anything about this game besides the fact that it's the sequel to The Whispered World. That was reason enough for me to buy it.If you don't have a lot of money and have choose carefully which games to buy, I would recommend buying another one of Daedalics P&C games. The Whispered World, the Deponia games, The Night of the Rabbit, The Black Eye games. The Black Eye P&C games I recommend especially if you play the Black Eye tabletop.tl;drIf you have the money and want a sad and very story heavy game with some easy puzzles, please buy it.If you don't have a lot of money to spare: buy another Daedalic P&C adventure and try to get Silence once it's on sale.------------------------------------------------------Previous review:Edit:This review is for the first few hours of the game since I'm not done yet. I will change this review accordingly, should my opinion change as I continue (which I honestly doubt)Original:Silence is beautiful and sad. The soundtrack fits the game perfectly.It is incredibly relaxing and gives you the morbs.Also, Spot is back and still the best character in the world of Silence.A change from similar P&C games: in this game you have no inventory, all puzzle pieces are found in the world and used instantly (more or less).The only thing I find a bit disappointing so far: the puzzles are pretty easy, unlike in The Whispered World.But that may (hopefully) change further into the game.Nontheless its a worthy sequel to The Whispered World - another masterpiece by Daedalic!"
76561197997478964,Not Recommended,314790,27868164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pelsekongen,"A beautiful game - nice scenery, characters and story - but unfortunately this game is way too short and simple.I liked the first one (The Whispered World) for it's classic adventure point and click style with lots of hard puzzles. This game is clearly more for the kids. You have no inventory and all the puzzles are easily solved since you don't have many options other than just clicking with your mouse.The bad points:Way too short - this is 30€ for a game you can complete in 4 hours.You can't skip cutscenes. At first it's okay but unfortunately you find that if you watch a 3-5 min cutscenes and quit the game, the next time you return you have to see the whole cutscene again - because the game's checkpoint was BEFORE the cutscene. What the deuce?No puzzles that takes longer than 30 seconds to solve. You have no inventory, meaning you can click everywhere and the game does everything for you. I guess it's fine for some but for an old 'point and click'-dude like me it kinda sucks :)Loading screens! What is this? We are talking loading screens between simple scenes meaning that if you go'll between two screens to solve puzzles you will have to wait for the loading screen EVERY TIME! Not even the old adventure games from early 90's have this.The good points:Beautiful world! Big up for the art team.Great story - it makes a lot more sense if you've played the first one. The story is too short though (if you want to play Whispered World PLEASE don't start this game. They spoil the story in the beginning).Overall I guess I'm a bit disappointed because I enjoyed the game but somehow feel a bit cheated for its short story. It seriously had the potential to have the coolest story ever!If I were you I'd wait for a 50% sale."
,Recommended,314790,26622652,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Xantica,"Lay down, try not to cry, cry a lot.Love Daedalic. Every single game they made is simply a masterpiece.Can't describe how incredible and yet sad the story is. I've been through all the feelings here - from laughing my butt off to eyes full of tears.If you like great stories, adorable characters and an intense experince diving into a game, this one is definitly for you."
,Not Recommended,314790,29571842,Posted: 29 January,all,LuZee,"This is one of the games where I'd whish Steam would have a neutral button...I don't regret buying the game, cause it's beautiful and even in it's short playtime quite emotional.Would this game stand for its own, I wouldn't moan.But it's a sequel. To a game that does absolutelyeverythingbetter. (Except for the graphics)And that's sad. Cause when you playthisgame you always remember how beautiful the first one was... and how downgraded everything in the second one is.First one - the gameplay.It's supposed to be a point and click adventure. But there isn't much left from the idea behind such a game. There is no inventory at all. Every object you find has to be used on the same screen. And most of the time you just have to klick on things in the right order. No thinking involved, no puzzlesolving, no crazy item combinations.DialoguesThere are equally as may cutscenes (if not more) than playable passages. And here is where you get the most dialogue in the game. A few sentences here, a few there... and that's all. Every character stays a blank paper without much depth.In the first game you had lots of dialogue options for every NPC and everyone of them was very well written.The result is that you can't build up any kind of emotional relationship toanyof the NPCs. And as things get bad... you just don't care.PlaytimeThe first time I played The Whispered World I needed something around 12 hours to finish the game.For Silence it took me... 6.Why is this bad? A short game can be very great as well! And that's true.But the short playtime is the result of:- having very few locations you can actuallydosomething in.- having nearly no gameplay there at all- having no real puzzles to solve- having nearly no additional dialogues with NPCsAnd the last thing....The priceI don't mind paying 30€ for a 6 hours game.But I mind paying 10€morefor a game that lacks absolutelyeverythingit's predecessor (and actually every other Daedalic adventure) does better! And all the other adventures cost 20€ at release.So to summ it up. You pay more and get less of everything.And that's just... sad.And brings me to give this game a thumbs down despite the fact that I enjoied it. Cause it really makes me sad toknowthat Daedalic isableto do it so much better!All that is left to say is... I hope they don't stop making the great adventures they are able to make. Let's see what the future may hold."
,Recommended,314790,32755399,Posted: 24 June,all,TheCrux,"Silence has an amazing art style and great characters. As others have pointed out, the game is short but definitely worth picking up on a sale. There are a few times where you can make choices in the game, but I'm not sure how much they affect anything. The puzzles aren't difficult and don't have any ""Aha!"" moments, but there are a couple that require randomly clicking stuff until you make progress. Solving the puzzles themselves isn't rewarding, so get this game for the story, not for the puzzles. Still a great game with an amazing art style good for a few hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,314790,26648896,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/uE8e_tHBDOgTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Silence is a beautifully crafted blend of point and click adventure and cinematic storytelling. The story revolves around Noah and Renie, two siblings that were forced to seek shelter in a bunker as bombs started dropping. The two become trapped in a world between life and death called Silence, but this seemingly wonderful world has conflict and threats of its own. I don’t want to go into too much detail about the story because I don’t want to give any spoilers.Some people have referred to ‘Silence’ as ‘The Whispered World 2.’ The story takes place in the same fantasy dream world that The Whispered World did, has some of the same characters, and talks about some parts of the story in the first game. I did not played the first game, so I won’t be making any comparisons between the games. You don’t need any knowledge at all about The Whispered World to enjoy Silence.The game is very cinematic. There are many times where you will just be watching the cutscenes. Other times, the game plays as an interactive story where you get to do a few actions, or make dialog choices, but the dialog choices don’t seem to have much, if any, impact on the story. I enjoyed the cinematic style of the game, but it’s probably not going to appeal to everyone.The point and click adventure gameplay is linear, and you cannot complete objectives out of order. I really like that you can take control of both Noah and Renie, as well as Spot (the most adorable sidekick ever!) You manipulate Spot’s body, and use him quite a bit to solve puzzles. I love Spot, he is absolutely adorable; total cuteness overload!Before playing the game, I had some concerns about the point and click adventure gameplay; I sometimes miss the smallest little detail and winds up getting stuck in point and click games. Fortunately, I enjoyed all the puzzles, and the gameplay in Silence. I never experienced any frustration while playing.Pros:enjoyable combination of cinematic story telling, interactive story, and point and click adventureart style is absolutely stunning; gorgeous environments, and the character design looks phenomenal, with almost all of the character animations done extremely wellexcellent audio quality: the voice acting, sound effects, and ambience are all done very well, and the soundtrack has superb orchestral musicthe story is a fascinating journey with emotional ups and downsthere is a hint system that shows what the current objective is, and which items can be interacted with (you can turn this off, or only activate it as needed)Cons:short game for the price (it took me about 4.5-5 hours, and with the story being linear, there isn’t really any replay value unless you want achievements)while I was satisfied with the difficulty, some people will want more difficult point and click gameplay and puzzles(nitpick) having the separate volume sliders for all the audio was great, but there were a few times where the voice audio seemed to be quieter than it usually was (it made it a little more difficult to hear, but it didn’t happen very often, and I could still make out what they were saying)(nitpick) character’s mouth movements could be improved to better to sync up with their dialogConclusion:Silence is truly a work of art. It’s an exquisitely crafted game combining amazing audio and visuals, a fascinating cinematic story, and point and click adventure gameplay. All in all, the game is done extremely well, and worth playing, but it’s also expensive. I fully expect that the hefty price tag will make many people want to wait for a discount.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,314790,31970238,Posted: 26 May,all,Nab,"The game without a target audience.While the user tags prominently sprout a Point & Click tag, this game is not point and click. The suggested control method is with a gamepad (not sure if there even is a point and click input option. I never checked since it would be - hah - pointless). A huge plus for me since I don't much enjoy neither pixelhunt nor the training wheels of show-me-the-hotspots.You don't have a magic inventory where you keep your piece of coal, a piano, a birthday cake and two rabid rodents. Items are picked up and either dropped or used right after. I like the idea a lot since most games annoy me a lot by turning you into a walking warehouse (I am looking at you Everything-from-Bethesda). I also gets rid of the cheap lategame point&click timewaste were the solution to a puzzle might be one of the 50 items you still carry around from the first sceneMost puzzles make sense. That in turn makes them easy. Since I don't derive much satisfaction if solving puzzles by just randomly doing stuff that again is fine with me.Put all of the above together and you don't get a Point and Click. I'd go with casual interactive storybook. If you don't do in with a wrong expectations (not created by the developer, but by user shoehorning the game into a category it does not fit). There are some reviews that complain about exactly that ""This is supposed to be a Point and Click but its not"". Want me to tag it as a FPS or MOBA? Enough random ranting.Why did I call a game without an audience?Visuals are gorgeous, voice acting is solid (played it in english although I am german since something rubs me wrong about the delivery in every german voiceover, but YMMV) and I already called it a casual interactive storybook. I want to wholeheartedly endorse the game for parents playing with their kids, however that might require you to explain to your kids the reality of war where being a protagonist does not automatically mean you get a perfect happy end.Too dark for kids; too casual for experienced gamers; too cute for the cool kids; too short for the 'must get X hours per $' faction;Still it is a great game, especially if you value quality or quantity and are willing to take the game for what it is and not for what some entitloid tagged it with"
,Recommended,314790,28532418,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.3 / 10Quality9/10High quality indie gamePerformance9/10Runs smoothly, but has many loading screensUtility9/10No bugs or crashes; Steam cloud save supportedControls9/10Good overall (played with gamepad); Full pad supportGameplay7.3/10A story-driven adventure with a few puzzlesChallenge6/10Too easy most of the time; Some boring ""run from A to B"" puzzlesContent8/10About 5-7h, alright for a ""Telltale-like"" game; Many achievementsDiversity7/10Interesting fairy tale story, but gameplay lacks a bit in varietyImmersion8/10Enchanting world and a (at times even a tadtoo) cute storyDesign8.6/10Beautiful visual design and a heart-warming storyVisuals9/10Amazing hand drawn backgrounds; Nice graphics and animationsSound9/10Cute and well done voice-over (played in german); Nice SFX and OSTTexts9/10Good story, well written dialogues and many monologues/descriptionsMapping8/10Well designed 2D adventure levels; Nothing outstanding thoughInterface8/10Pretty, minimalistic UI, but ads in the main menu are a faux-pas!Additional Notes:Successor to ""Whispered World"" including massive spoilers about the previous story.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (3.5-4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: High/UltraIf you liked this review check out myarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Not Recommended,314790,27888568,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,thainen,"Objectively, this game is excelent, a real treat to any point-and-click adventure fan. It has gorgeous visual design, great music and voice acting, chalenging brain-teasers without insane moon logic. Genre-wise it leans closer to Telltale-style ""interactive movies"" than to classic adventure games with lots of locations to visit, large inventory and elaborate dialogues. Here you get a lot of cutscenes and QTE, dialogues with no branching, 1-2 objects in your inventory, and locations no bigger than 3 screens.As a fan of Daedalic, I had great expectations for this game, but I'm sorry to say I hated it. I can't deny the game is well done, but the characters are too unlikable, always having sour faces and treating each other terribly. The story is not just sad -- it's forcefully, manipulatively depressing, using every trick in the book to squeeze some tears from the player. The developers have tried too hard to make the story tragic -- to the point of making it simply unpleasant. And the ending -- well, no spoilers, but the developers have sacrificed the story's consistency to make both ending bad for different reasons: depending on you choice, something you could not possibly affect changes to give you the worst ending possible. This has shattered my suspension of disbelief and any sympathy left for the game.I wish I could love this game. I'm sorry I couldn't."
,Recommended,314790,32375415,Posted: 12 June,all,ElusiveOne,"Silenceis a visually sublimepoint-and-click-and-dragadventure that tells a beautifully sad story inspired by the same blueprints as its predecessor.Truly magnificent art, a perfect blend of 2D and 3D with astounding colours, lends a lot of authentic personality to the world of Silence. Every scene is a sight to behold, with gigantic statues and majestic structures set among impressive natural landscapes, and even a few unexpected hallucinogen-induced sequences. Absolutely fantastic work.Positively more mature and refined in almost every wayOn the surface, Silence looks sufficiently different fromThe Whispered Worldto feel like an entirely new universe, but it is indeed a proper sequel.It eases transition into this new story by briefly retelling the accounts of the first game. The small cast of genuinely interesting characters is nicely designed with slightly oversized proportions, some of them returning in improved forms, plus original new villain creatures called the Seekers.Gameplay alternates half and half between siblings Noah and Renie, plus a few short segments where their sentient metamorphic caterpillar pet Spot goes solo. The parts featuring the charming young lady are by far the more compelling, with the game being arguably entirely about her.While vastly improved over the original Sadwick, Noah is still not the most likable protagonist, especially after a particularly revealing plot twist. I hold almost exclusively bad memories of this game's predecessor because of its insupportable main character, a collection of bad to worse design decisions.Manipulating metamorphic Spot offers effortless solutions and still feels a bit of a cheap catch-all device. At least he now looks cuddly in this incarnation.A cinematic adventure or interactive story bookThe game's extremely simplified point and click system is possibly its most contentious design decision, an effort to render the game more accessible at the detriment of proper puzzle-solving.Many actions that require dragging an arrow in the intended direction become at once innovative and annoying. In the best cases it lends weight to your movement, but it also leads to a repetitive balancing mini game, plus rare situations where the mouse input does not always register properly.Inventory management is replaced by contextual actions where the game essentially reveals its solutions, and the very few actual puzzles that require a bit of reflection can be skipped.Minimalist dialog options bring light flavour to conversations in the form of inconsequential binary decisions. The game proposes two equally melancholy endings entirely determined by a single crucial choice at the very end, which is really the only agency afforded. The autosave feature lets you see both endings easily.""Woah. It's like a dream.""I would have liked to spend more time exploring Silence's unique world and characters. Quite a fair amount of planned content is absent from the game, evidenced by full backgrounds revealed as bonus materials at the end. Slight jumps in the story don't feel entirely intentional and other completely unused areas such as the locked bridal shop also convey the sense that the developers lacked funds or time to fully realise their vision.What's here is nonetheless breathtaking for players looking to be told a dreamy story more than stretching their intellectual muscles."
76561198017736253,Not Recommended,314790,31582452,Posted: 6 May,all,Knight Murphy,"I really wanted to like this one.. but except for the awesome graphics and animation, this 'game' doesn't have anything to offer.. Pros:* Awesome graphics and animations. Amazeballs* Good voice-actingCons:* Short game, LONG loading screens. Seriously, moving between adjacent scense simply takes too much time, and ruins any immersions I might have had. This is a big miss, especially as the graphics is so cool* Practically no puzzles. The characters can interact with the scenes in a very limited way, mostly using a single object. There is no inventory so all answers to all puzzles HAVE to be that single item you just picked up. I'm not sure why they chose this particular mechanic, but it is very bad, making everything obvious* Weak story. It's a shame since there was a lot of potential hereAll in all, Silence is a demonstraion on how to come close in every parameter, but then botching it. Except for the graphics, everything else is half baked. It could've been a sort of an interactive movie, but the long loading between scenes makes even that impossible. Ugh, such a miss... Every single thing.I wouldn't recommend, unless it is on sale (less than 10$). And even then. Meh. Just meh"
,Recommended,314790,26641763,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Levenn,"This is the kind of game where you wrap yourself in a blanket, grab a hot drink and get ready for a feels trip.So beautifully designed. The artists really know how to immerse you into the world. The story is beautiful, really makes you think deeper than you normally would. The characters are lovable and you really get into them. Since this game is about desicion making, it really makes you want to do multiple play throughs.I questioned the price tag on this game at first and wondered if was worth it. But I am so happy I decided to get it. It's absolutely worth it and I highly recommend you get this game and experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,314790,26622321,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,riotsquad,"The start is very moving and the story so far has been well told and well acted by the voice actors.The things you need to do have been fairly logical/easy to get and the system they've put in for you to choose your difficulty level is great.Using a controller with it did however cause a bit of frustration as I used the left thumbstick to move toward the thing I wanted to ""click"" and it just passed it (think of having to use a D-pad on something at a 45 degree angle without the option to press right and up at the same time) until I realized you could cycle that with your right thumbstick.Graphics are strange (in their settings) and beautiful, the protagonists are as they are, some weird tapeworm/balloon thing, a worried brother and a feisty little girl...and they're great. :)So far I'm enjoying it very much and I've not seen any sign that would change that feeling...The only thing I could come up with that's ""bad"" (if you're not into it) is that it is *very* focused on telling a story so I think some people might think of the gaming elements as the filler between the scenes you get to watch... (and TBH you wouldn't be wrong to think so....at least not within the first hour of gameplay)The story is however - again, so far - more than srong and well narrated/told enough to make you see pass that."
,Recommended,314790,26705299,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ral365,"Talk about a sequel that's a million times better than the original! 0.0I'm probably one of the few people in the USA that even remember that the first ""Whispered World"" ever existed, and to be honest, it NEEDED a sequel, not due to cliffhangers, but due to glaring flaws. While the story had a lot of potential, it fell short with its buggy gameplay, and the ungodly annoying voice of our main character.This game could've easily stayed into obscurity, but rather then letting it become a literal act of silence, Daedalic took what little they had with the original, and multiplied it by ten, bringing this dead franchise back with more life than ever. The game gives the past characters a grand-reopening without alienating anyone that may not have ever seen them until now. It is ideal that you play the original Whispered World first to fully understand the characters and setting (just make sure to turn off the dialogue and leave only subtitles.)The new characters they create are compelling, but sadly, we don't get to spend as much time with them as we would like. We interact with them, start to learn more about them, but toward the climax, we just leave them. Their story arcs remain unfinished, and we never see or hear from them again, not even if you chose a certain ending.The gameplay is short, but simple, taking roughly 4-6 hours to finish. The puzzles are also quite simple, not leaving the player to get stumped on a mini game to progress through the story. The graphics are dazzling, the characters are charming and complex, and, by the end, you will be wishing that Daedalic sold Spot plush toys in the states.Great experience if you've never played the first one; amazing experience if you have played the first one."
76561198068908343,Recommended,314790,28125860,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AnKun,"Short? Yes. Easy? Yes. So utterly beautiful and gorgeous, that it's overweights the first two poinst? Yes yes yes."
,Not Recommended,314790,26722642,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,X-ite_SDF,"Too short. Too simple. Basically the same plot as the original game, but without the twist (and no, even if you never played the original the game will kindly tell you its main twist right in the beginning). It looks gorgeous though, so A+ to the art team. Overall, however, it's not great."
,Not Recommended,314790,33648041,Posted: 19 July,all,KARWAN 쩔어,"I am sad about the fact that I couldn't even force myself to play this any longer than I did.I made my self ready for this title by playing and finishing the prequel ""The Whispered World""Unfortionatly this game is a huge let-down compared to the prequel. This game has stunning graphics, and that's about all the positive I can say about it.As a hardcore Daedalic fan who owns every single point and click game from them (me and my brother share libraries) I am really let down by the simplicity of this game. It's really dumbed down and simple compared to the other games.I cannot say anything about the story since I didn't play through the whole thing. It seemed interesting when I played it. Even with that in mind, I couldn't bare playing through it because of how ridiculously unchallenging the game is.If you're buying this expecting a true Daedalic point and click with puzzles and actual thinking you'll be disappointed.I understand this is all subjective and this is only my personal opinion. I hate to see more of their games following this trend.TL;DRThis is a movie, not a game."
,Recommended,314790,33951155,Posted: 1 August,all,slothicus,"Silence is a bit closer to a Telltale-style game than a classic point & click game. Characters are 3D and the backgrounds are painted. Both look good, sometimes stunningly so. The whole game is a nice mix of cute/lighthearted and sad, dark & creepy. English voice actors all did a good job.Puzzles are quite easy and you shouldn't really have any problems with them. If you need, there are hints on the screen that shows all active areas.The game seems to reference the previous game from this world, The Whispered World, quite a bit. I couldn't stand the main English VA in that game so I never played more than half an hour, but I did not really feel missing out on anything important in Silence, so it's good even if you take it as a standalone thing."
76561198019099348,Recommended,314790,26648278,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Rorshacma,"“Silence” is a point-and-click adventure game, and the sequel to the earlier title, “The Whispered World”.  Despite being a direct sequel, though, you can understand this game fully without having played the first, as its plot is recapped at the beginning of this one.To start with, this game is gorgeous, with beautifully detailed backgrounds and environments.  The puzzles are decent, with none of them requiring any off-putting leaps of logic or lucky guesses.  One thing I liked is that the game lets you customize the amount of help you receive for completing puzzles at any time, allowing you to make the game easier or harder, as you see fit.The game is fairly short, as I was able to complete it for the first time in almost exactly five hours.  There is a slight bit of replay value in the sense that some story sequences have more than one solution, which can cause certain scenes and dialogue to change a little.  However, these changes are extremely minor, and as none of these choices change the overall story or conclusion, it is not a whole lot.The biggest negative with the game is the fact that the loading time between certain area transitions can be really bad.  In my experience, it seemed to only affect certain areas of the game, as most of the time, the transitions were fine.  But then, when going back and forth between certain other areas, the game would get stuck on the loading screen for so long, that I would start to think that the game had frozen.  Hopefully, this is an issue that the developers will deal with in a future update.Overall, while I enjoyed “The Whispered World” quite a bit more, Silence was still a very good experience.  If you enjoyed the first one, I can definitely recommend this one as well.  I can, however, see its price being a stumbling block, as it is $30 for about five hours of gameplay.  If, like me, you were a big fan of the first game and were waiting for this one to finally get released, it might be worth it.  However, if you are someone who just wants to try it out, with no experience with the series before, you probably want to wait until it is on sale."
76561198055508277,Recommended,314790,30104416,Posted: 22 February,all,RedNome,"An absolutely stunning game with an interesting premise and decent voice acting (Thankfully Sadwick's voice actor from ""Whispered World"" did NOT reprise his role. The game has some problems but not enough to make me not like it and i would still recommend it.The game is short in comparison to other Daedalic games most notably ""Whispered World"" itself which took me 12 hrs to complete, ""Silence"" i finished in a little under 6 but a less experienced adventure gamer might find it takes longer than that. Part of the reason for the reduced time  could be down to the game costing more to make with it's much improved graphics, as well as the puzzles being  easier (WW could be down right frustrating at times). Although i have a suspicion that parts of the game and story were cut due to time or money constaints also. (This doesnt ruin the experience but does leave you feeling a little unsatsified)MILD SPOILER - No specificsLike every Daedalic game I have ever played (Ever since the first couple) I went into this game expected to finish it feeling slightly depressed. Daedalic as a rule, dont do happy endings, at best all you'll get is something bittersweet. So that being said, if you dont like bittersweet endings, this is probably not the game for you.I was expecting it, so i really wasnt bothered by the bittersweet ending (Apart from a few tears, its very easy to make me cry though) I was surprised however and slightly excited to see a potential for another sequel (possibly, maybe, please) being hinted at. My hope is that the things that were cut from this game (seemingly) are being reserved for a longer sequel.If you like Daedalic games, you will probably like this one, if you dont I doubt it will change your mind.I would highly recommend playing ""Whispered World"" first, if you want to make sense of this one it IS a sequel."
,Recommended,314790,29004989,Posted: 4 January,all,[RBW] Tasin Talukder,"This game is just Awesome <3Well I don't know where to start :pOne day I was roaming on steam and saw this game and added on my wishlistI like adventure and 2d games and its gameplay attracted me and so in this winter sell I bought itBut its actually more 3d game than 2d!This game has really won my heart with its heart touching story,graphix,lighting and sound effectsDaedalic Games put lot of efforts on this GameBut I think te story is too short .It will take not more than 6 hours to complete the storyBut thats not enough for me.I love this game so much hat I wish I could roam on silence for at least 100 hoursBut if you are gonna go for achievements you have to spend 12+ hour.It took me 13.4 hours to achieve all the achievementsOne important thing do not skip a single dialogue.Because the story is the main thing in this game.you have to watch more cutscenes and dialogues than the playtimeThis thing makes ths game much special.It feels like its u who is wondering in a wonderland and everything is just like a movie.This game is really worth it.30 dollar is a fair priceIf u wanna go for a fairytale adventure then wait no more,this game is just for youThis is a point and click game if you play with keyboard & mouseBut with gamepad you will get much more chance to roam freely.I played with a xbox 360 gamepad and it was awesomeI played with keyboard and mouse too and the difference is you can point and know about more things if you are playing with mouse.amepad allows you to point on only the primary objectsSo in both ways this game is goodSo do not think much and grab this awesome game and lose yourself in the world of Silence where crystal lakes shine,forests are much green,PLay with those naughty lumis and your best friend sadwick and cute spotty <3A must buy game and I can write forever about this game .Because this game mesmerized me :D"
,Recommended,314790,26664219,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ladydarkling236,"I played the first game when the special edition came out, back in 2013 I believe. I was completely hooked by the end. This time, I was hooked from the start, especially because I had a very strong emotional connection with the first game. I think in terms of being emotionally engaging, Daedalic may have outdone themselves this time. I cried, full on sobbed, at the ending. The story is very emotional, the game itself looks gorgeous, the only thing that slightly let me down was the puzzles. I expected more, it was a bit too easy.TLDR; amazing game, will probably break your heart, mostly easy puzzles."
76561197960295159,Recommended,314790,28709821,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mokiki,"Oh man this is hard one.There is so much I adore about this game in terms of artstyle, animation and music but it falls flat for me in terms of Story.I played pretty much all of Daedalic's point & click games since the whispered world and found that while creating beautiful worldsthey always had a problem with a coherent story. Which honestly they got better at with every game released since then.So I was really disappointed playing this game that they went back to prior form.In terms of point and click games this game doesn't focus on collecting a bunch of items waiting for you to combine them in weird ways. Most puzzle areas only feature 1 to 2 screens and items you collected don't have any relevance in the next Area.  You usually try to figure out the order in which you use the interactable environment.One of my major pet peeves in this game is the save system. You can't save on your own. The game only has an autosave feature which usually activates after/during a loading screen. This wouldn't be so bad if you could skip dialogue and or cutscenes. If you watched a 5 minute cutscene and decide to quit the game afterwards, the next time you load the game you have to watch the cutscene again. This is not really game breaking but it was still annoying at times.Overall it feels like this game was supposed to be longer or feature more areas but at some point during the developement they ran out of money and had to work with what they had.Some dialogues have awkward transitions from one scene to the next and characters have realisations out of nowhere.If you have read until this point and you probably wonder why this review still has a thumbs up while I have been nothing but negative.All in all it isn't a bad game, far from it! It's just that I personally expected more given Daedalic's recent track record but I don't regret my purchase one bit. There is still a lot of love and care in this game visible.And it is definitely worth it for people who have played ""the whispered world"". If you didn't, this games most important plot points will most likely fall flat for you."
76561197968851613,Recommended,314790,26720006,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,zorg19,"This game is a tough game to rate because of the shoes it has to fill with the first game. Silence is warm, beautiful, decently engaging and easy to pickup, but it does stumble in some places. I played its predecessor ""The Whispered Word"" and this game takes the world and art and gives it a very good update from the first game. The music is awesome in some places - in other places it feels very out of place (I'm looking at you credits screen).  This game's puzzles are nothing really like the first game, which is disappointing to someone like me who likes to be challenged, but it makes it more accessible for someone who's just looking to play a nice 'turn off my brain' game and relax.The story is similar to the previous game, but you'll find the voice acting has improved and the art has moved into a nice 3d style while still keeping to The Whispered World feel. It does, 'however' feel a little disjointed as it moves from scene to scene and chapter to chapter. At least in the first game there was a general direction you knew you needed to get to as you moved through the game, where-as in this game, the direction I felt I needed to go changed several times and in the end, the final chapter was in a complete left field area than what I thought would finish the game.If you are tight on cash or on the fence for a good 'Point & Click' you may want to consider holding off on this game for a sale. For one, it's a very short game at 4 hours which is kind of expensive at $40 (CAD) and as I said above there isn't much for good challenging puzzles in this game compared to the first game. If you just want a good laid back game that is pretty and light with good voice acting then go for it and enjoy."
76561197990593409,Recommended,314790,29189621,Posted: 11 January,all,Axteroide,A beutifull story with an amazing art and another song I have to add to the list of songs that make me cry like a little girl.Worth every single euro.I hate you Daedalic.
,Recommended,314790,31779627,Posted: 15 May,all,brunobrcard,The Whispered World 2 lets you go back to the world of Silence in a beautiful point and click adventure from Deadalic.The Good- May be the most beautiful point and click adventure game ever.- Less Sadwick (He is depressing)- Good voice over- hotspot hints (I hate pixel hunt)The Bad- No Inventory- Simple puzzles- Less places to visit than the first game- No development of the supporting charactersThe Ugly- Too short (less than six hours)Grade: 8 of 10
76561198074441057,Not Recommended,314790,31555649,Posted: 5 May,all,hubfish,"This is more like a story where you get to click stuff once in a while. I love pretty much all of daedalic's games but unless you're playing solely for the story I don't really recommend this. There are games that takes you by the hand and guide you through and then there are games like silence that takes the controler out of your hand and says ""here, I'll just do this for you, you can watch"". Not a big fan of the 3D (characters lack expressions) but the backgrounds are beautiful as always.In short: If you're a bit more old school like me and likes the idea of inventories and combining stuff and choosing dialogue to solve puzzles then this is not for you. If you like to be taken through a beautiful story while not having to do much yourself then you might like it :)"
,Not Recommended,314790,34135759,Posted: 9 August,all,Menabugs,"Trash. This is the worst PNC game I've played in a long time. I tried to keep playing it and it's like they took everything that was good about The Whispered World (prequel) and threw it away to make this. The story is minimal - at least from the 2 hours I played - and there are no real puzzles because they show you where anything you pick up is supposed to go. You don't even have an inventory so you're only dealing with one item at a time. It seems like the game was made for children a la Pajama Sam or Spy Fox and honestly, those games require more thinking. I might continue to try to beat the game just for the sake of finishing it, and will update my review if it magically redeems itself as a worthwhile investment."
,Recommended,314790,26743461,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Snowsuit Studio,"Beautiful game, a masterpiece in the medium. The few things I didn't like were swept away by the ever present positives. They capture exactly what they are going for and it was joy to step into such imagination and climb to a peak worth summiting. Thank you to all who worked on it. Hugs."
,Recommended,314790,26641649,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HighKillerDK,"Even if only for 4-5 hours, it's a beautiful, story driven re-visit in the same world as ""The Whispered World"", just too fragmented of what was once much greater. It's too linear in my opinion and the puzzles are either too easy or non-existent, especially if you compare to the prequel. Content wise the world feels huge and explorable but it's an illusion and the ending is much closer than you want it to be. Occasionally the place you visit end up being too different from the scene you just left and that makes it seem like you're missing content and story. The characters you meet feel unpolished and their purpose debatable, this meaning that you might see them one time and never again. Usually it's alright to just leave characters behind if they're not important but here it feels like the developers tried to make them more than just filler material, yet that never happens and you again just end up leaving everyone behind.There's little to no replayability and the choices you make doesn't change the outcome of the ending(s).My conclusion:It's a beautiful world with gorgeous visuals and a re-visit for fans that wants to explore the same universe again but if you seek an elaborate point and click adventure like the first game or in the vein of Monkey island or other LucasArts PnC, you'll get disappointed and should wait."
76561198032116993,Recommended,314790,30234497,Posted: 27 February,all,gadman85,"I really enjoyed this game.  It is a sequeal and I never played the first game it was based on, but I didn't feel left out or anything.  It told us about the first game's story so that wasn't really a problem and the way they did it was nicely done.The game is beautiful!  The story is emotional and it had some good humor here and there as well.  I enjoyed the characters a lot.  It is a well done point and click adventure game, but that is something Daedalic Entertainment does really well and did again here.The puzzles for me weren't too simple and they also weren't too difficult either.  It took me some time with some things here and there, but that is the point of point and click adventure games.  There was really only one part of the game that I found jarring and made me wonder ""How heck did that happen"", but it was minor so I decided not to worry about it in the end."
76561198025412028,Recommended,314790,33657812,Posted: 19 July,all,Battle Jess,"Warning: this gamewillspoil the ending of the previous game, The Whispered World. If you intend to play both, best finish that one first.Silence is a beautiful game, start to finish. I've liked the art style of all Daedalic's games, but this one just blew me away.I also loved the story, though short.And even though it left me an emotional, sobbing wreck.The puzzles I found far too easy, however. This is coming from someone with almost 20 years of experience playing Point & Click games, so take that with a grain of salt, but it was easy. This didn't detract from the story or my enjoyment of the game at all, but if you're looking for a challenge you won't find it here.Largely, the game left me wanting more. It's a new style for Daedalic, both for the art and the gameplay, so I'm really hoping the game's length and simplicity of puzzles are more indicative of a trial run than something I can expect from future games."
76561198306298762,Recommended,314790,28336196,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DamnMongoose,"i came into this game not knowing what to expect. this game blew my mind. it had amazing art, well thought out plot, your actions had consequences or benefits and the soundtrack was simply amazing. i dont want to spoil it, but if you are reading this and considering whether or not to buy it, buy it. best 30 dollars i ever spent."
,Not Recommended,314790,34213092,Posted: 13 August,all,zus.yar,"Nice graphics, but overall too damn slow, linear (although pretending not to be one), depressing, not challenging whatsoever.On my 2nd playthrough I suddenly got stuck in the 2nd chapter(a bug i believe, which prevents me from finishing simultaneous tasks of Noah and .. the girl, what's her name again?)Considering how #$%&ing long it takes to even get there and the stupidest idea of having no save states, I don't feel like touching this game any soon.It may seem strange that I've played more than 10 hours, but that's only because I've spent a lot of time doing something different far from my PC, instead of waiting the game while it finally decide to let me do something."
,Recommended,314790,33209767,Posted: 3 July,all,Wickerbottom,"Silence is the first game I have played that truly feels like you are playing through an animated film. The fluidity between cutscenes and gameplay is nearly unnoticable. The soundtrack alone makes the game even more touching combined with lovable characters and surreal settings. This is by far my favorite Daedalic game ever.I purchased it during the Steam Summer Sale, and while short, I thought the game was worth at least what I paid for it. Many game studios just churn out games just to get a new game out there. This game is not one of those. Silence feels like a labour of love. It's not about stretching out a game just to give you more gameplay time - they are trying to tell you a story. This feels as close to true fairy tale book gone cinematic game. It is a gem of a game that brought tears to my eyes.I think this is an outstanding game and one of Daedalic's masterpieces :) I look forward to more art from Daedalic studio <3"
,Recommended,314790,30025770,Posted: 18 February,all,mottey,Great story and beautiful art! Definitely for point & click adventure fans...
,Recommended,314790,31416694,Posted: 28 April,all,QuotaBee,I cried
76561198093739367,Recommended,314790,29117939,Posted: 8 January,all,Alex B,"Hi, everyone! Really hope this review will actually be read and that it will help someone. I'm Alex and have quite the experience in point 'n' clicks.WellSilence... I've played the first part of the game, which is ""Whispered World"", a long time ago. And it was impressive. This part... Hm.I haven't finished it yet, still somewhere in the middle, but I already have some things to say to youI always pay attention to 4 things that, in my opinion, make a good point 'n' click adventure: atmosphere, plot, puzzles and soundtrackATMOSPHEREIt is beautiful. No doubt here. However each and every location looks EXACTLY as the previous one. And that is truly annoying.You know, it is a nice fairy tale. Whispered world was melanholic, sad. beatuful, depressing... And everyone loved it for that atmosphere. Here - they lost it. Or maybe I just haven't gotten to the good part yet 4/10PLOTBack to the world of Silence. I loved the story of Whispered World and I love it here. The characters are well written and this magical world of sleep, false queen... 9/10SOUNDTRACKIt is one of those soundtracks that you don't notice, but it is ""introducing"" you to the game. Not something over-the-head, not musically genious, but it is high quality. 7/10PUZZLESOMG WHAT HAVE YOU DONE! I was surprised, guys. Not in a good or a bad way. Just surprised. They decided to do something between classical point n click and visual novel. The plot is linear as usual, the gameplay is similar to all point'n'clicks. But there is no inventory! It is not about collecting and using items. If you pick smth up, you'll use it immediately. Ut makes it easier. Too much easier. 3/10Spot = 10/10. I love the guy. He is cute as hell and he kind of saves the whole game. But seriously. Counting on the catterpillar to be the best part of the game? Well. Not coolVerdict : 6/10. Still playable. Still beautiful. Not as good as it could be"
,Recommended,314790,29704311,Posted: 4 February,all,Guybrush Threepwood,"The story continues...More novel's features, less hardcore puzzles like in the Whispered World. Was afraid about the 3D graphics change but it looks really great and accurate, the best part is drawn backgrouds just like in the first game. Love the Spot upgrade also :)No inventory, sad :(Possibility of two finals in the end, but no happy end guys, not this time. Moreover lots of drama episodes, big difference if compate with the first part. But also lots of good jokes.Great soundtrack of Til AlpermannAs for minuses: -nothing was told about the story paths of the second-role characters :/-easy puzzles-as I said earlier - no inventory-too short story"
,Recommended,314790,26698179,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Xaiphin,"Just finished the game, and I'm actually left in shock over how short it is... Shocked and perhaps disappointed.It's a very nice story, the art is gorgeous, animation is fun and the music is serene and atmospheric from start to finish.It was a fun adventure, BUT, it feels incomplete compared to The Whispered World.I am admittedly conflicted by it's suddeness, however, it is definitely worth the time and money.A beautiful piece of art that everyone thinking about getting it, should.Play it!"
76561198012023582,Recommended,314790,31179191,Posted: 16 April,all,lewrker,"The game is ok, but  I'm very unhappy with the state of the engine.- savegames in arbitrary points- can't change screen resolution- have to play on 1440p screen to be able to see subtitles- two scenes merged into one and finally got so ♥♥♥♥ed up I couldn't progress furtherI've been able to restore a backup and repeat the segment without switching characters, and so far it seems to be working."
76561198020771419,Not Recommended,314790,29689475,Posted: 4 February,all,yBe,"An absolutely gorgeous game at the start, way too short with just a few small puzzles, then finishes off with unlogic jumps location wise to the end. Seriously, what... how...the staue thing? how did they get down there and turned into statues!?"
,Recommended,314790,26667274,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Danlore,"As a huge Deponia fan, I can also really recommend yet a masterpiece from Daedalic!A great soundtrack, visuals, characters and story was superb. It made me feel like I was told or saw a fairy tale from when I was a young boy again. It made me really feel a feeling that I've not felt in a long time."
,Not Recommended,314790,31530087,Posted: 3 May,all,ProgSys,"So beautiful, but at the same time so forgettable."
,Recommended,314790,28654016,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Matt,"Short, but if you're a fan of fantasy story-telling point and click.  It's a must."
76561198027239685,Recommended,314790,27304859,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,arkton,"Fantastic piece of art. Visually stunning, very emotional - sadly quite short, but a very intense experience."
76561197998096387,Recommended,314790,26696507,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kearnia,"First, let me say that I loved this game.  While the voice acting was somewhat forced and didn't have a natural flow sometimes, I could look past that because of the beauty of the game.  Those endings.  You have to play it to the end.  I can't be the only one that feels this way."
76561197988768808,Not Recommended,314790,31383176,Posted: 26 April,all,FS80,"Silence is not adventure game like Whispered World. It's only interactive movie kind point and click slideshow with unnesessarily long loading times and stupid jokes what are not funny at all. Game trailers are giving wrong picture about this ""game"". I feel ripped even I bought this with lowered prize. I have to ask refund."
76561198125977675,Not Recommended,314790,32755753,Posted: 24 June,all,nastia.kun,"Way too easy, plus a story is a reboot for The Whispered World. I am not a fan of the combo of ""puzzles"" (easy 1+1) and ""actions"" (click on something or this scary thing will get you!)"
76561198080803931,Recommended,314790,33385375,Posted: 8 July,all,BlindPlay,"Great art and very cute while still telling a deep kind of story. It leaves you with the question of do you want to check out of reality, or face it head on"
76561198024851522,Recommended,314790,33297160,Posted: 5 July,all,arnak,"the Daedalic games are great from the story to the graphics,and the game play is very user friendly"
,Not Recommended,314790,33563979,Posted: 15 July,all,marat_n,"The Whispered World was like a blessing, fresh air in a dying world of drawn quests since Kyrandia and origanal Sierra's and Lucas Arts quests. And why this? Thanks god you have honesty not to call it 'Whispered Wold 2'. SInce when interactive stories became an adventures? Setting and story ok, but why not do it as real adventure like original WW, like Deponia? Dissapointed. Don't get me wrong. It's a good (or at least ok story), but I think it was not what everyone expected from a sequel of the game which resurected genre."
,Recommended,314790,31373505,Posted: 26 April,all,KN,Nice Story...
76561198096160542,Recommended,314790,29765099,Posted: 7 February,all,dislectik patato,dam.
,Recommended,314790,29015026,Posted: 4 January,all,Patta,Awsome game.
,Recommended,314790,26705081,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,navin prithvi,nice art
76561198143030878,Not Recommended,314790,28895721,Posted: 1 January,all,blumenleere,"Perhaps a great game, for other players, for me: not.Why?I love point-and-click adventure games with interesting puzzles.What I don't like about this game, it's more an interactive movie than a game in some way.You have different scenes with some so-so puzzles that often require good timing.That gets annoying, if you repeatedly wait for the right moment. O; and you don't have a visible inventory, the game tells you where you can use some stuff you carry. It seems pretty constructed. You get the feeling, you can't decide about anything, you can't really try out stuff, you always just react to the circumstances and if you don't do that according to the game logic, you feel empty and disappointed. Thinking about Deponia for example, it was always hilarious to try out crazy stuff that didn*t solve the puzzles per se, but had funny effects/dialogues et cetera as consequences.So the puzzle mechanics are not my cup of tea. I don't get the feeling, the developers cared much about, what makes an adventure great and fun.This would be acceptable, because everything else about this game is really beautiful.But, now the flaw that prevents me from playing again, you can't save the game manually.The game saves the progress after every scene.OK, so if you try for 10 minutes or more to solve a ""puzzle"" - in fact, you combined the things as you should, but you know, there's still stuff to do until the end of the scene - and want to return later, when you have more time and have thought about it, you have to start at the beginning of the scene. And do everything again until you reached the moment, you left. Yes, and you can't skip the cut scenes; you have to watch everything from the last saving point onwards again: Why?!!!!Of course this doesn't take forever, usually, but it gets on my nerves to do so.As the story didn't have the chance yet, to get me interested, the saving process just kills my fun. Sadly.I prefer to play games that are more enjoyable and have frustrating parts inside the game itself, depending on your abilities to solve something, and not on a meta level."
76561197964193466,Not Recommended,314790,34799129,Posted: 7 September,all,Tracker,"This game is visually stunning, although that's the only nice thing I can say about it. I had a hard time completing this game. Not because the puzzles are hard (they basically solve themselves) but because it it very boring. I guess that makes it sorta challenging, but that's probably not what the developer was going for."
76561198301380141,Recommended,314790,31350434,Posted: 24 April,all,LadyAlchemist,Love this game! Definitally a personal top 10 !!!!
76561198086763467,Not Recommended,314790,33421372,Posted: 9 July,all,jaysunsphone,"This was an impulse purchase during the Steam sale.   Should've known to do a little more research, since none of the trailers or screenshots on their store page show actual gameplay, and their description doesn't really descibe anything about what type of game it is.   I assumed it was a platformer, but it's a point-and-click title.  And a very, very simple one at that.    More of an interactive movie than a game, really.  Machinarium, this isn't.   Gorgeous-looking game, for sure.   Just not my cup of tea.   I'm sure kids <12 and grandmas will adore every minute of it, though."
76561198031158396,Recommended,314790,26628533,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Youtube=Hippo Reddy,Must play for point and click fans
,Recommended,314790,26622818,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,POUNDMESENPAI,"Dropped into the game. 3 minutes in everythings peaceful and lovely until the b-29s attacked. All hell broke loose and you grab your little sister by the ___ and made haste towards a bunker. To cope with the war you both dream a fantasy world. You and your sister are knocked silly from incoming bombs and you both wake up in said fantasy  world now in limbo. Either find the mirror and shatter it so you can wake up to chaos and destruction, or stay asleep in your dreams forever.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQfRW_TkRqI"
76561198020085437,Recommended,314790,26618554,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nokzen,"A really visually impressing Point and Click game. Im really enjoying this relaxing and casual adventure, its top quality, no reason not to pick this one up if you are into Point and click adventures.https://youtu.be/PQsfnj226Qw"
,Not Recommended,314790,27006110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,49Lives,did nothing for me
,Recommended,314790,31368407,Posted: 25 April,all,Seerax,Great story and music. Puzzles are very easy.
,Recommended,314790,31448225,Posted: 29 April,all,Simbiat,"I did not even know this was a sequel, and I think this made it even better."
,Recommended,314790,31791479,Posted: 16 May,all,AuraS,"This is a really sweet and touching story about a girl and his brother in a war. After bombs are being dropped on the bunker they hide in, we seem to find a mysterious world: Silence.The story is brilliant yet I hoped it was a little bit longer.Awesome job, would love to read/play a continuation"
76561198045080783,Recommended,314790,35200892,Posted: 25 September,all,L0stLP,"Rather disappointed of this game, even though it focuses more on family, has better graphics and the implications of destroying that coma induced world, it just looks more and more like a remake of the first.It starts by retelling the story of The Whispering World, just before entering it, and latter it pushes the point that the world is the same as the first and the choice needs to be made the same as in the first, just in case you were expecting a twist.You now play as two characters a brother and his sister who are trying to get out of that world, while they're enemies are trying to keep them there.The caterpillar returns again as a flexible puzzle tool.If you did not play the first game, this world would seem a lot more interesting."
