user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,314710,23889525,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ResetPatrick,"Rather than getting a spiritual successor to the classic Blue Bomber, we're treated with a vanilla run-and-gun game that attempts to be clever through abuse of a single mechanic.Sure, the dash was an integral part of Mega Man X's arsenal, but X wasn't nearly as shallow and grew as a character and a powerhouse as the game progressed. Beck -- as he's constantly called, so who cares about his mighty number? -- presents himself as a vanilla Mega Man who stole X's dash and decided it was all he ever wanted in life.On top of that, why not abuse the dash mechanic to get clever with level design? The original Mega Man series presented stages with various challenges and puzzles to tackle, but of course gaining other robot master weapons or special items like those introduced in Mega Man 2 or Rush forms in Mega Man 3 made said obstacles easier to overcome. Mega Man X built upon this by challenging the player to dash and wall kick to reach hidden areas or simply overcome obstacles faster. Mighty No. 9, however, presents obstacles where the dash absolutely must be used, and it's often in areas where the stipulation is be precise or die. I don't exactly believe this is a terrible idea, but the execution is just poor.Another weird juggle in the game is the bonuses to various stats such as damage, speed and defense. It was odd to see stat buffs in what is arguably a Mega Man title, but I'm not entirely against the idea. The issue, however, is that the buffs appear at what seems to be the most inane times.On to the part that seems to grind the gears of literally everyone: the visual presentation is a trash heap. The characters look like sloppy character models from the original PlayStation era. Present each one with little to no animations, no facial expressions or mouth movements during cutscenes, and a gloss of plastic and disappointment, and we're off to play the game.The voice acting is just crap. I don't even care to go into detail. Mighty No. 9 was funded by Kickstarter, it was Kickstarted by adults, and the crowd is then presented with dialogue that sounds like it was written for children. Bad, bad, garbage, bad.I'm aware that I constantly compared this game to Mega Man games even though it's Inafune's new take on an old idea. But if he's willing to abuse nostalgia to sell the game, I'm willing to abuse it to tear down Mighty No. 9."
,Not Recommended,314710,23733588,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SanicWafflez,"3 Years, 4 million dollars, and 3 delays. Then we receive this shameful display?The Mighty Failure is what it is."
76561198053053652,Not Recommended,314710,23721182,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tahald,"Anything not related to game play is bad. The story is bad and simple, the cutscene look akward. Characters are 2 dimension and have 0 devellopement the music is okay.For the gameplay: many  idea are working against one another.-A Spammable dash + Instant death trap =bad idea-Power-up :Piercing bullet + 3 bullets limit= sometime it doens`t feel like a power up-Power-up : run faster + dash is spammable =worthless power-up-Main weapon is ranged+ dash is the main way to kill an enemy = unintuitive-Very present side character+ few effort put on any character = bad idea-Bad plot + a lot of cutscene = bad ideaSome are just bad on their own:-Only 2 weapon are usefull when you ahve many (missile and helicopter)-If you take  too much time to dash through an enemy  you don't get  100% of the score and you lose all your combo. What you'll end up doing ( if you, for some reason, care about combos) take more time to shoot the enemy to death(some takes 2 sec to shoot with your main weapon). BORING!-Combos give nothing ( or i didnt notice it), score give a grade at the end of the mission with  does nothing, Power-ups are barely noticable when they don`t screw you.-Most boss are boring they are extremely difficult if you don't know them and extremly easy if you know how to handle them.-Bosses recover their life if you don't dash through them when they reach a certain threshold. During certain attack bosses are out of reach of your dash. You often end up NOT ATTACKING a boss because the timing is not good enough. You can only know if the timing is good by trial an error.-Barely any map had something memorable (the looping corridor in no.8 was ok)-Maps are really shorts only the artificial difficulty make them seems a decent length.--Also artificial difficulty-OHKO one the bosses ""mighty number 1"" which his map is the first thing selected when you go on the select menu for the first time.Most power are disapointing:-You fight a boss who run and leave a fire trail behind him and explode for 1/3 of the screen-what you get if an explosion that goes from a few pixel past you hitbox to 1/5 of the width of the screen. ( you need to charge it for 5 sec and you get stunned for 2 sec after)-you have someone that throw some projectile, than some electricity connect from the projectile and the boss doing great damage intantly, the boss can also have some projectile follow the wall, floor and ceiling. She can also ahve a shield areound her.What you get is you shoot 4 projectile (if it hit an enemy) it connect with you and the enemy with lightinign and damage him over a duration (shooting again destgroy the previous shot).The damage  is low even if you hit all of them."
,Not Recommended,314710,23734796,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ghost is Bad,i shoulda bought a pepperoni pizza
76561197986393476,Not Recommended,314710,23765659,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,I M C R,"Speaking from a perspective of someone who has played Megaman since I was a little kid, this game blows.The problem with the game is that it tries to be a reimagining of the old Megaman X series, wich is a fine idea. The problem  becomes evident once you completed the game. There are to much content cut compare to a ANY Megaman X game.Here are a few things that don't appear in this game but were expected:-Other playable characters (not incl Call. Call is just Beck with projectile shield and no other powers)-No armor upgrades. There is no armor set you can collect in this game. On that point there is no reason to replay an already completed level.-No secret pathways in you return with new powers: There is no secret paths or easter eggs if you return to an already completed level with new powers or the the power that was given as a reward for completing that stage.-Easy difficulty: I know this game was designed for hardcore Megaman players but seriously. Many people like to play through the game once before upping the difficulty. But here you get 2 difficulties Normal or Maniac both have really irritating difficulty spikes that.some things they have added for no reason other then just♥♥♥♥♥♥off Megaman fans:-Absorbion: Every enemy take about 7-12 shots before they go down. but if you fire 2-5 you can absorb them. The problem is that if you fight multiple enemies the sometimes use there dying friends as a shield. Wich means that if you go in for absorbion you take a hit or you can slow the game down a bit more by hitting them about 20 times.-Absorbion on bosses: NOT EVEN IN BOSS BATTLES CAN YOU LEAVE THIS CRAP. Depending the boss, you now need to every 1/5 of HP that you remove from the boss you need to absorb a piece of him. Otherwise the boss just regains that chunk after a bit of time, and you can't go bellow the this HP until you have absorbed him.-Endless mid air dashes: This breakes all level design in the game. Because you can use your dash all the time with no delay. You pretty much derstoyes all a few levels that for the most part feels like typical Megaman levels down to the mechanics. That's why this is a biggy all challange in the maneuvering through the level is lost.-Missmatched powers: most powers are so unispried and situantional that you can go through the game and just use them once and that is in boss battles. I think this is sad because the bosses in this game are awesome. But the powers you gain are always the weakest aspect of the boss. The worst one that come to mind is a demolition robot named mic. He is really awesome specially in his powers. But the power you gain, is the way he moves from one side to the other side of the room, if you see his ability set you'll be disapointed.I wouldn't recomand this game to anyone that likes the Megaman series. We wanted another Megaman game not, but this is so far away from the source that it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and I can see that I am not the only one that are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,314710,23745765,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,braxxie,"SighI had incredibly high hopes for this.Really, really ♥♥♥♥ing high.I waited for this game since it's first delay about a year ago, and I was so ♥♥♥♥ing excited when it came out on the 21st.I...I thought it would be perfect with all the delays.The trailer was cringey, but that wasn't enough for me to give up hope.I was really dissapointed. Incredibly dissapointed. I actually kind of cried.I can't play without anti-alias, the controls are sluggish, I can't even render boxes, can't keep a solid frame-rate, and the general gameplay is abysmal.Don't buy this game. I'm sorry if it wasn't your expectations. It wasn't mine either.Save your money for 20XX."
76561198067558990,Not Recommended,314710,23689806,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,dxshift,"There was nothing about this game that I liked. The animation was bad and often unclear. The stadge design does not allow for any creativity or freedom in play. The controls feel cluncky and confineng. The rewards for skilled play results in you spending less time playing the game. Ultamately I feel the largest problem with this game was that it was designed targeting one specific type of player, the speed runner. Unfortionatly if you were simply a fan of action platformers or more specifically the Megaman or Megaman X games you will find this game lacking in every meaningful metric."
,Not Recommended,314710,24031338,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Erwin,"Definitely not the successor to Mega Man.The presentation of this game is poor, especially the dialogue-heavy cutscenes are lifeless and cheap (the ingame models just stand there and don't even move their mouth or even blink). It's like a bad version of Mega Man Powered Up (which despite coming out in 2005 still looks and plays better than this).The Multiplayer, which you need to unlock, doesn't work and is just the lame challange levels for two players which meansyou won't play the main game together with your friend, because it simply isn't an option.I don't see where the 4 million $ kickstarter went (probably to bring the game physically to stores around the world). Compared to some of the great games on Steam that have a much higher production value and enjoyment time than this, you will definitely regret spending 20€ on this.I finished this game in around 5-6 hours and have no intention to go back to it.   You may even be much faster than me (I actually died a lot at one point, but if you manage to breeze through at those spots you may even only play 3 to 4 hours to finish the game.)As for the Mega Man references - Beck is a paint job of Mega Man, the ""dash into enemy"" technique which is the main function to destroy enemies is bad and here's why: when there are two or three enemies behind each other attacking you, you will end up just stunning the first and when you dash you will mostly always get hit. The Call level is also forgettable (Call moves slow and handles terribly - much like a robot irl ... oh wait).Get the Mega Man Legacy Collection instead and cross your fingers that Capcom decides to revive Mega Man ..."
,Not Recommended,314710,23716748,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xt3rminat3,"So sad...This is a review for Mighty no 9 and I have to say that it was unfortunate what happened with this game.Here is a quick score if you don't feel like reading the rest:Story: 1/2Level Design:1/2Characters:0/2Sound Design:0/2Gameplay:1/2Total Score 3/10The fact that this game was pushed back 3 times and raised 4 million dollars (and needed another 2.4 apparently)Adjusted Score: 1/10Story 1/2-Spoilers-The game is about a world where robots fight in a coloseum.  One person (Dr. White) creates a robot capable of absorbing other robots and adjusting their programming (Trinity).  He is immediately fired for making a dangerous weapon and goes to another company and makes the same robot but in ""cute"" form (Beck).  Trinity takes control of 8 other robots and they go haywire while Trinity absorbs the entire robot coliseum.There is a small tangent about the female Beck (Call) and how she could be a battle droid who loves to kill but that never gets resolved.   And yes that is the entire story.  And I had to piece it together just to get that.  The story is bland, short, and you really don't care about anyone involved.  And since the world is not flushed out it feels like your going from random location to random location with no real rhyme or reason.Level Design: 1/2I have to give them some credit because this is where all the money went when making this game.  Some levels are really cool designs and moving backgrounds that make you feel more involved in a 2d scroller.  My favorites were the mansion that forced you to backtrack through the level to find and fight the boss, the high way where you had to jump car to car and the boss even destroyed a couple of the cars you tried to jump on, and the oil field where enemies in the distance would light oil patches on fire while you traversed the game.  None of these are original but about 1/3 of the game levels were well designed.On the other hand; pacing is horrible.  You can tell the game was made for speed running as killing enemies mean nothing really, there are bottle neck areas made to kill you and ruin your life totals no matter how many you have, and sadly the levels have very little actual design with the game in mind.-Example for Contrast-MegamanX had levels that required you to do tasks that the boss would do later that level, the rainforrest for instance:  You had to dodge creatures in the trees that shot at you from above (like the boss) and then had to go through a cave with falling projectiles (like one of the boss attacks).Mighty no 9 on the other hand had no real plan on how the level would prepare you nor did they really have a pacing set.In other words levels should get harder as they progress and challenge the player in a meaningful way something this game did not understand.Characters:  0/2I really tried on this one to find something of value.  Beck is completely bland, no charisma, no spunk, nothing.  The main hub characters have white outlines (I don't think the concepts were finished) the voice acting was bland at best and down right awful for a few characters (Call).  The jokes they made were painful and were directed at an age group that would never be able to finish this game.  The bosses were megaman rip-offs and not even the good ones.  There is even a Zero in this game and HE IS TERRIBLE!  The bosses are easier than their levels with the exception on Trinity and the final boss should not be the only exception.  And as far as character growth goes I quote Monty Python ""You came from nothing you go back to nothing, what have you lost?  Nothing!""Two exceptions to this rule:  Avi is ok at best but when you have to rehear the same joke 23 times due to a bad level area you get sick of him quick.  And cryosphere yells ""pew pew pew pew"" when she attacks.  Not enough to earn a point with me sadly.Sound Design:  0/2If you are a fan of any MegaMan game you know that the music makes the levels, I still hear X music today and recall the exact level it's from and visualize the boss in my head.  Here, the music falls into the background and when I say that I mean you don't care about it.  You could honestly hear white noise and not tell the difference.  The damage sounds and the hit sounds are there but you don't feel them when they play, and the voices are there but they feel off somehow.  (It could just be the bad scripts)Gameplay:  1/2The core of any MegaMan game is going to be the gameplay mechanics and MightyNo9 is no exception.  The idea is you hit enemies enough times to destabilize them and then dash through them to earn points, heals, buffs, ect.  The bosses will also require you to do this to finalize damage that you have already dealt (if you don't sections of health will heal back)  The concept isn't bad... but the execution leaves much to be desired.  Honestly in the game, dashing through enemies tends to put you in more danger rather than killing enemies.  It also forces you to plan your boss fights thoroughly and you will take a lot of extra damage just trying to stop them from healing.The attack has a sever handicap as well, the button can only read x amount of times before it locks up meaning your main attack tends to be in 3 shot bursts (not good).  The number is roughly 30 taps every 10 seconds.Also for a game that really wants to be a speed runner the movement controls are a little loose.  I've died several times because my joystick went back into middle position and moved me one pixel the wrong way.Final Factors:-Price-For $20 you get a game that gives you about 6 hours of entertainment, and I use that word liberally here.  But it is pretty and the gameplay is fun if you have friends to sit with you and grief the whole time.-Pushback-Ok the argument here was that they were trying really hard to give the game online play everytime they pushed it back.  (3 times)  They did say other things were causing them to fall behind but the online was the big argument.  I did not play a single online game and did not care to try.  Very few gamers would in this case.  Further the option for coop was online challenges not the actual story so I ask what was really the point then?  Why bother adding it at all other than to justify your mistakes and sticker price?Pushing back a game is acceptable once.  We are a forgiving people, and we believe this will make the game better unfortunately pushing the game back 3 times means the hype will either be way too high that it cannot be achieved or there will be no hype at all.-Kickstarter-I know everyone will hit this so let's get it out of the way.  MightNo9 raised $4 Million to make this game.  If this was not bad enough the creator said in the release stream ""People keep talking about the 4 million we raised, however what they don't understand is that that was only 60% of our costs.""  So this game cost somewhere around 6.4 million to make.  I have to ask what did you spend it on?  Because I don't see where all that money went too in this game.  Further this is a huge insult to a community that gave you 4 million dollars to help create their dreams again and help you with yours something they will never get back.  If the creator can't show appreciation for everything his community has done for him he doesn't deserve to make games again.Conclusion:In conclusion the game is alright at best.  It feels like indy developers tried to recreate MegaMan and just forgot to play any of the MegaMan games.  The characters are attrocious, the animation was worse and would have been better as dramatic anime stills.  The levels had no feel, rhythm, or care brought into them other than the background art.  The gameplay can feel clunky and the most important skills your character has will get him killed more than help him.  If it goes on sale buy it.  But even then don't give this developer any more money.Xt3rminat3"
,Not Recommended,314710,23690531,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Adriel Trigger,"Plot and dialogues presented in a shameful and lazy way, terrible textures, uninspired level design, lag and explosions that look like pizza. Music, sound effects, gameplay and japanese dubbing are kinda okay, though.For me, the cons far outweight the pros, hence, I can't recommend this game to anyone, especially Mega Man fans."
,Not Recommended,314710,23759338,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[BT] somerndomdude,"Disclaimer: I played for less than two hours, but I did complete 5 out of the 8 original levels.The takeaways here  are wildly different if you replace ""for a Megaman game with a $4M budget"" with ""for an indie studio's first effort at a speedrunning game"".For a Megaman game, the lack of precise controls leads to incredibly poor platforming.For a Megaman game, the lack of capsules(that I could see) was incredibly disappointing. Maybe they're there, but I didn't see them, and more importantly, I didn't feel like I needed them.For a Megaman game, boss powers aren't useful, nor are they necessary. They're also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to switch.For a Megaman game, the dash mechanic and ensuing powerups completely nullify whatever challenge enemies might serve.Any of those issues could have become opportunities, but everything in this game just feels so poorly thought out. Enemy placements are haphazard, platforms over pits can fall out and leave you completely devoid of chances to replace them or any other way to progress.Instakill everywhere, combined with incredibly sloppy controls and loose hitboxes. One platforming element literally tells you what move to use to get through, but the ensuing sequence forces you to clip your head INTO the instakill element in order to execute the move. Explosions are incredibly vague yet do a ton of damage.A 'first boss' that will actually instakill you if you touch him after the first half of the fight. Another boss that will freeze you in place and hit you for a third of your life if you don't button mash properly(mash A to escape? how about return your game to escape?) Another boss that will throw out electrodes, then do a shock attack. If you don't dodge the electrodes, they stick to you and you're guaranteed to take damage. If you DON'T get hit by any, they still fly all over the screen and you'll still take damage.The basic gun is the easiest/safest to use on every one of the bosses I fought, because switching weapons is clunky as hell. You can only select one at a time, and then toggle it with your main gun. Megaman X had bumper toggling, come on.""Megaman X had..."" sounds unfair as a comparison, but it's one that I can't help make when I play, and it's not like that wasn't the intention when they Kickstarted this game. A spiritual successor to the blue bomber platformers that I loved growing up.Instead, what was delivered was a bland *facade* of a Megaman game. It feels like one of those Western towns where everything is just a prop with nothing behind it.It has the graphical equivalent of say, Kirby 64(it looks like it was cobbled together in Unity over a few weekends), a soundtrack that completely fails to electrify(Storm Eagle theme still gets me hype to take down an airship, yet I couldn't even tell you what half of the points were of my missions in this game, even though I listened to a few descriptions.)Speaking of story, instead of Dr Light sagely giving advice or Dr Cain running your ops, you get a retired Dr Robotnik(voice and all), an absent minded Dr. Spike Spiegel ripoff and Call, who I guess is some kind of fanservice to Zero and Roll all at once but serves the functions of neither.The levels are bland and monotonous at best, and horribly cheap and frustrating at worst, save literally one exception that I came across, which was a pong miniboss. That was pretty neat. Aside from that, none of the levels were distinct at all, except the ice level which didn't let you grab the ice ledges(whoo?) The controls were sticky and slippery at the same time - it's difficult to time the dashes, and control the height jumps(there are a lot of jumps underneath instakill electricity), yet when I want to inch forward I find the animation activating but not moving me forward. If I hold forward, I'll walk right into the threat. If it wasn't for these issues, I could write this game off as Megaman: the Speedrunner and honestly give it a 7 at least.Everyone mentioned the dashing to kill - this could have been cool, but it also fell flat on its face. Almost any enemy can be killed in 3-10 hits + a dash, so you just spray out and dash through everything. This gives you upgrades that amp up your speed, amp up your damage(so even less shots), give you free heals, and also put the enemy in a non-attacking state. Only non-dashing contact damage will hurt you, so...keep dashing I guess?Unlimited dashes also break the game. It would make more sense if you could only air dash off a combo from a hurt enemy that you finished off. Dustforce did this well. In fact, now that I think about it, pretty much everything 'non Megaman' this game set out to do, Dustforce did better. Music, platforming, enemies, just go play that instead.I can't speak to the actual story, but there was enough of it that I skipped it in favor of getting in gameplay. The voice acting was comical and wooden, but I don't really care about that. You can't skip lines of text, just whole scenes.I won't get into the Kickstarter stuff much, but suffice to say I wasn't a backer, but I followed the 'development'. I was disappointed when I missed it, but now I see that I dodged a bullet. Contrasted with what the Hyper Light Drifter team did with $600k, this is downright embarassing.The $20 price tag is an absolute joke. The only way I can see it being justifiable is if the proceeds are going toward a partial refund for the original backers, because they're the ones that really got screwed. This game is worth $5 at best, maybe $10 if they fix the issues and throw out some free DLC.After 117 minutes of trying to justify keeping this game, I ultimately returned it. I may pick it up at a steep discount down the road, but any real Megaman fan cannot pay $20 for this in good faith.Objectively this game is probably a 4/10, but in the context of what it is, what it cost, and what it was supposed to be, I give it a solid 2/10."
76561198043930222,Not Recommended,314710,23860014,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Leichenfresser,"Let me just begin by saying that I don't hate this game like other people do. The gunning actually feels fine. Too bad this game has some major flaws that just destroy the fun.positives:+ jumping and shooting feels good.+ the robot masters have some nice designsnegatives:- Leveldesign is either bland or unfair, especially when you have to navigate falling down a small hole filled with spikes- the game is horrible at describing what all the power-ups and robot powers do. It also doesn't describe certain features like shooting diagonally down.- the whole dashing-into-enemies-to-kill-them is just flawed. You never know how many hits you need to land until you can absorb them. Even a health-bar for the bosses doesn't make it better because every boss has another point at which you can deal the damage to them. If you dash into an enemy when he isn't absorbable, you just fly all over the place - most of the time into instant death spikes- because of that, your effective range that your weapon has is limited to your dash range. If you just want to shoot until the enemy disappears into an unsatisfying blob of data, you have to shoot it twice or even thrice as much, slowing you down.- the game is horrible at descirbing anything, really. You have health-items that you can use when absorbing enough blue enemies, but it doesn't tell you about that. You just have to know.- there is a tip-section, yes, but even those don't explain enough.- bossfights are slow and boring. Pretty much the only good boss fights are MN 1 and MN 2. You will still die often because you try to dash into the enemy before he is available to be dashed into.- boss weaknesses are almost useless - your normal mighty buster kills the bosses just as fast.- The prison stage is the worst thing ever.- the final boss is a bullet sponge that you have to retry from phase 1 if you fail.All in all, this game is a mixed bag. If you like Megaman, this game is like a 6/10. If you don't... just stay away. Get the Megaman Collection on Steam."
,Not Recommended,314710,23800582,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dokta Whawee,"I am a huge fan of Megaman, so when I first heard that Mighty No. 9 was being made, my brain exploded. I pre-ordered it! And I went to steam on it's realese date and! Delayed. 'Okay', I thought. 'They might be fixing a few glitches, it will be out soon!' And then I waited. And waited. And waited. I thought it was cancelled. Then... just a couple days ago I saw it. It was ready to be installed! I was so hyped. I was ready to have fen and then!...It Crashed. It turnes out I needed to change something in the game's code! That's a good sign! Then, I played it and... well... How do I say this? The graphics are hit-or-miss, the story is lack-luster, most of the boss weapons are useless, the boss designs are pretty crappy, the dash feature can be very glitchy, and there is day one DLC. Also, I pre-ordered the game, and it didn't come with the pre-order stuff. I would have rather they had just done a slight over-haul of a Megaman game rather than try to force inovation where it wasn't needed. Finally, it is quite hard. Even on normal mode (Yes, there isn't an easy mode) and 9 lives per round, it took me a while to get through the first boss level I took on!If you want a better Megaman style game, get 20XX, a Megaman x rouge-like game! Or Megaman Legacy Collecton. That one is great as well! If you want a mobile Megaman game, get Rockbot. It's okay for a first project. Or, if you wan't a non steam Megaman Game, get the FPS Megaman 8-BIT Deathmatch! It has a campaign and Multiplayer (Made on Zandorum)! But buying this isn't worth the price tag. Wait for a sale or something.Overall, 4/10, Meaning it CAN be fun and fairly challenging, but it's not worth the cost... This was probably the most dissopointing game for me. I mean, I have seen some crap, I have seen some bull crap, but I will NOT bealive that 4 MILLION USD and over 3 years went into this. Maybe some of the money was stored for later, but I would rather have it all be used for one potentially good game, instead of many potentially crappy ones. Upsides: I love the design, gameplay, and role of call, the game itself can be very fun sometimes, the DLC was great, And some of the weapons are really cool.However, if your not a Megaman fanatic like I am, it will probably be a 5/10, or if you are a bit more cynical, 3/10."
,Not Recommended,314710,23881454,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,『Bebop』,"Mega man made by people who just hated all of the good things about mega man. 3/10 Garbage bin, where's my refund"
76561198017059009,Not Recommended,314710,23742988,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DrMadnar1977,"I wanted to think alot of these people on the message boards and such were all just jumping on the same train bashing the game to look cool and never gave the game a chance.  After playing for almost 2 hours I requested a refund. In my opinion the game is very bland the voice acting and story is just bad and ,my god when you think same guy the made megaman you would exprect upbeat awsome music well you wont find that here.  If anything some stages the music is just ok others id have to say its bad.  If you are on the fence and think most of the people are just a bunch of megaman fanboys that are just crying for no reason do what I did get the game just make sure you dont go over the 2 hr mark so you can get your refund.  And im sure alot of you will be refunding trust me."
76561198010362687,Not Recommended,314710,23690589,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Grim Sheeper,"The game's controls are very sluggish, which is one of the worst things a platformer can do. The voice acting and animation are so low quality, it feels like the entire game was created during the delays. I tried to give it a fair chance, but the poor quality and controls made it impossible for me to continue. I would only recommend this to die hard megaman fans, and even then only when it's on a massive discount."
,Not Recommended,314710,32969005,Posted: 28 June,all,mbradley1992,"This game deserves all the negative reviews and impressions it has received.I picked it up for $5 on sale believing that, as a huge fan of the Mega Man series, I would enjoy the game enough to warrant that. Even 2-3 hours of messing around would be worth that.I can't bring myself to play this game anymore than about 30 mins. In that 30 mins, I've played through several levels to see the feel and vibe of them, as well as actually managing to beat a couple.This game is missing everything that makes the Mega Man series great. It isn't different in ways that seem like it's trying to be it's own thing but similar to Mega Man. It feels like a cheap, $0.99 Android knockoff of a Mega Man game made by a company who will file for bankruptcy 3 months later because of a copyright lawsuit.It's boring. There are portions of the stages that are empty or serve no purpose, literally. I came across a screen-sized area that literally just had a platform in it. No bonuses, enemies, or even platforming challenges. Just a singular platform.The platforming and combat are boring enough that it seems like a kids game. You can run through the levels mashing the shoot button and just wreck everything. It's literally run forward while shooting, dash to absorb dead enemies, repeat.The stages feel unfinished and not at all interesting. Pyroman? Cryoman? These are not even remotely interesting. It's literally everything you'd expect; just a series of basic elemental bosses.This game is bad. It's not worth $5. It's not worth a giveaway. There are so many games now that do 2D platforming and Mega Man mechanics better than this. Wasting even 2-3 hours on this game isn't worth it."
76561198226902928,Not Recommended,314710,25491190,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Volnutt,"This game did not live up to what most of us hardcore Mega Man fans expected out of this title.It's like the developers completely forgot what makes Mega Man fun.The level design ranges from tolerable, to bland, to downright awful.Level design is the MOST IMPORTANT aspect of a title like this.The boss battles are also very important for this style of game, and not even that was done right.Unfortunately, this game is generally an incredible bore. Not only that, but it's aesthetically bland in every corner. The levels are bland, enemy design is bland, main characters are bland... and, boy, the voice acting and cutscenes are just... awful.I would struggle to find something positive to say about this game. Many of the mechanics that differentiate itself from classic Mega Man just feel like random additions that don't even belong. A combo meter?... why? I never once felt like the combo meter mattered or added anything special. Hell, not even the music in this game is memorable. Did no one on the team even care about what they were creating? Who was the game even aimed at? And even if I were to treat it as it's own thing, it's still not a good game. It's still bland, boring, and uninspired.I really hope this game doesn't have a sequel. They need to go back to the drawing board.Even then, I'd find it hard to trust Inafune on any other game deemed as a Mega Man successor."
,Not Recommended,314710,23810393,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Melodramatic Toe,"Good Lord....With the hype and all the rest of it I was literally counting the days till release... Now I wish I'd watched paint dry or even grass grow, at least it would've gotten me outside.Beck handles like a drunken elephant in a store selling delicate china... I decided to crank up the lives per level all the way to 9 and even then just barely got past Pyro with no lives to spare.If a racoon could get into 3d modeling this would be the product.If you need me I'll be on my SNES emulator..."
76561198126130408,Not Recommended,314710,23689543,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,drjones104,"OMG this game is awful.  Not what I was expecting as a Mega Man successor.Graphics are really dated.  Voice acting is terrible, and game controls are not really responsive.Stay clear of this game."
76561198107030186,Not Recommended,314710,23705534,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nero Claudius,"There are a lot of gameplay kinks that could have easily made the game much betterEG: Movement- Some stages are set so that Beck needs to be at the peak of his jump to be able to grab onto a ledge, meaning he has to hug close to the wall to be able to overcome the obstacle. Easily offset with a greater jump height or a reasonably thought out stage layout.- The ""dash"" function is unrefined and the player has little control over how minute Beck's dash can be (long, short), thus making controlling Beck much more difficult than it needs to be.- Xel absorption can only be performed by a forward dash. This is quite unreasonable for the player as seen in Cryo's stage where movement is not only hindered by the slippery floor movements but it leads to a quick, cheap death for the player. This usually takes place because the enemies are in an unfavourable position to be absorbed because it can only be done via a dash, where dashing is highly not recommended.Boss :EG - Pyro's only indication his attacks are his verbal lines. Halfway through the battle, White and Beck have a small dialogue which hinders your battle for a moment. This wouldn't be a problem if Pyro's OHKO mode wasn't enabled during the course of this conversation.Overall this game was mediocre, it was trying to be a Zero series clone via stage ranking and point calculation with a pseudo-X series dash mechanic that is vital yet unrefined, in X series type stages with Classic character control. I'm sorry to say this Mr Inafune: This is your worst game yet. It pales in comparison to my first ever video game (X3) in every aspect of gameplay.EDIT: I find myself stuck in the Robot Factory at the 4 switches part. I have no idea what to do ATM but the degree of perfection this game asks of the player in exchange for limited actions is not what a good amount of players can perform. For starters I think that absorption of enemies is the main issue with the game and should be removed save for boss fights."
76561198095457236,Not Recommended,314710,23699140,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tempist,"Mighty Number 9: A disaponted fan.I have never preordered a game before. I don't like the culture, and I think it's a very unhealthy practice for the industry. I broke my rule for this game because I wanted to believe. I wanted to trust in the development team and the say it came out on top.I was disappointed!I really wanted to have fun with this. And I tried. I tried 6 stages before I got fed up and said: ""♥♥♥♥ this game!"" It was right at the pyro boss fight when I saw THERE WAS A BOSS WITH AN INSTANT KILL ATTACK! Are you kidding! And it's anytime you touch him after his half HP point. I couldn't believe it. No way to escape, you just had to watch as your character got killed and you could do nothing.The difficulty ranges from easy to trial and error. Some bosses have supremely easy patterns to recognize. Others have unpredictable or are just way too out of reach to get to. The helicopter boss (I forget his name, even though he says it every 5 seconds) is extremely guilty of this! Flying just out of reach, with an instant kill pit being 75% of the boss stage.Speaking of instant kill, if you hate spikes, you'll have this game. A lot. You'll find yourself restarting stages because of tight pathways, falling down a path of spikes, electric wires that you only find out are instant death after, or platforms that move way too quickly. And you can get distracted by all the things going on in the background, or a chugging frame rate.Minor point here, but when one makes a game, I don't think it's wise to assume the computer can handle the highest settings. I went to medium myself, and it flowed fine.And the killer, is there are points where it feels great. My advice, go after mighty number 5 I think. He'll give you the grenade weapon from Megaman 8, and it's great. Wipes out bosses, and wonderful for stages. The other weapons I got were either useless or impossible to use. I couldn't believe how good it was against bosses, even ones that weren't weak to it. The ice boss is amazingly easy if you have it.But the game can flow very well once you get the hang of some things. I can't recommend, though, as it's to frustrating and poor level design makes for a unpredictable ride. Well, more like, unpredictable when you'll get fed up to."
76561198035419369,Not Recommended,314710,23851077,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,papersuit,"It felt like Mega Man got drunk and had an illigitimate child that had to touch everything he saw. The controls felt terrible and the whole theme of the game just felt off. The writing was particularly bad, where at times it felt like I was watching a poorly written childrens television show."
,Not Recommended,314710,24094889,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Chris,"What.Even.Happened here.This game could have been incredibly good. Sad thing is, it's covered in bad decisions and very sub-par design choices to make it a lasting and enjoyable experience.Graphics: For a game that had a budget of 4 Million dollars, graphics that look like they came straight from the PS2 era are just unforgivable. This game's graphics are simply awful. Personally I didn't mind them that much,remember,graphics don't mean that much in the long run.Music: Nothing to write home about. Off the top of my head I can remember 2 tracks I enjoyed. It definately can not compete with clasic Megaman's soundtrack that's for sure. Again in this category the game is just barely passable.Level Design: Based on trial and error. Very bad at times to the point that you just want to quit playing the game overall but the good parts which are sadly somewhat scarce make you want to come back to hopefully find more good things about this game. I noticed that the level design often struggles to compansate for the main character's capabilities hence most of the levels turning out as boring and or annoying. Again very subpar with a few diamonds in the ruff.Gameplay: The game basically forces you to use an XBox 360 controller since this game's tutorial sections show only that controller's button's. So if you wanted to play this game with your keyboard you'd have to fidget around with the game's settings. Also I'd like to add that in my opinion this game does a very poor job when it comes to explaining its mechanics. For example you can absorb your enemies to finish them off and some of them offer extra goodies such as speed or power boosts. I discovered those two on my own via just playing. I still have no idea what the yellow coloured boost does and frankly I don't really care. The dashing mechanic is something that I'm really torn about, when it works, it really works! You'll be dashing around stages nabbing combos and having fun. But when the level design decides to be a jerk you'll find yourself limited and unable to fully enjoy this mechanic. Dashing will often lead you to a lot of accidental deaths until you master it. Speaking of accidental deaths, I hope you like cheap deaths, 'cause this game is full of them. Either that's bosses having annoying as heck capabilities that are impossible to combat without a specific weapon or they can flat out kill you in one hit if they touch you, level's are loitered with insta-kill spikes and pits to the point where the game becomes predictable very fast.Final thoughts:----------------------I honestly can't recomend this game unless it's at a price drop. It's a guilty pleasure of mine that I will come back to but it's really a very ""just okay"" game. Just pick up a game that will last. Invest in a game like Portal where its good fun through and through and a very clever game or in a platformer such as Shovel Knight that has been crafted with love and care.This game's biggest flaws were that it had a huge budget of 4 Million dollars and that it promissed way too much. It got ahead of itself and soon that spiraled out of control. Here's to a future Megaman game that will actually fufil our needs."
76561198033903942,Not Recommended,314710,23818981,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SirLargeGaming,"Mighty No. 9 is MIGHTY BAD. The dash mechanic is cool and I like it, but the game explains things in all the wrong places, has way too much dialog at the start, like the PS2 Megaman did. It's not a Megaman game, and I am fine with that, however too many mechanics are quickly explained, and others are not mentioned in detail enough. The characters while talking DO NOT MOVE THEIR MOUTHS. You spent over 4 MILLION dollars on a game and peoples mouths didn't move. The game is just not that great in game play either, instead of critical thinking or a good challenge, I feel like you just spam x. At least in the first two stages, the tutorial and the fire stage, I was unable to fire upwards. You always have to jump, press X, jump again, press X to hit certain enemies. This can cause you to wait around being frustrating trying deperatley to hit something that is at a bad angle. The game doesn't do a very good job of being anything other than a run and gun game, which is just really frustrating. I feel it was rushed out, which is hard to think, since the game had so many delays. Instead of costumes or anything else, they should have focused more on game play. Might No. 9 is MIGHTY BAD, at least for me. I wanted to like the game, I went into it expecting lesss because it had gotten critical reviews, but even after I turned my game recording software off for my review and let's play for it, I kept trying to play the game. The first level, the fire level has many places where you just one shot and die. It doesn't feel hard, it feels unfair. There were very few moments in Megaman, or many other games I have liked that the game just feels flat out unfair. I would not reccomend playing this if you like retro style games, and I would not reccomend playing this if you are a Megaman fan.If you want to watch me play through the first part of the game you can in the link bellow. I do not think I am going to touch this game much more as it is just frustrating and nothing else.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAhCyBb5DHw&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,314710,23690212,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Wendonai,Controller does not work with win10 and mods arent replying to thread to fix this seems really good...
,Not Recommended,314710,28805863,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SetTheCat,"I was a huge fan of the Mega Man/Mega Man X/Mega Man Legends games and unfortunately I have to say I'm not a fan of Mighty No. 9.Above all, my #1 complaint is the ""dash-to-destroy"" mechanic. It makes no sense. The dash is practically required to destroy an enemy, but does no actual damage. Supposedly there is some kind of upgrade or enhancement gained when absorbing an enemy, but this is completely unexplained in the game.Second to that is the combination of level design and enemy design. Both are horrible. The levels feel short and shallow, and enemies blend right into the backgrounds making them far too easy to miss.My third big issue is the feeling of missing elements. This game is screaming for wall grab, wall jump, charged shots and hidden upgrades. I could understand these elements missing as not all were present in all the Mega Man games, but this game feels like it's just plain missing something without them."
76561198015314985,Not Recommended,314710,23689264,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,zeven,"Rubbish! If you are the fans of Rockman/Megaman, don't buy it. You will regret!Being a fan for rockman and rockman X series for over 20 years. I don't think I still need a long time experience to figure out whether this Mighty No.9 is a good replacement for Rockman series.To me, the character design is weird, alright I know that well before buying. But I still wanna give it a chance, so I eventually paid.Before I actually play the game, all the online videos are well-enough to make me hate the game. The graphics is bad, even worse than the screenshots 3 years ago. Some scenes are just like a iOS game! The story presentation is bad! The UI is just like 80s games (maybe he intended to do that lol). Also, I don't enjoy using the stupid dash to absorb the enemies. I don't enjoy a Rockman game with score and combo. Although Mighty has the dash, but it doesn't has the speed of X series.Even the narrator at the very beginning of the game is also horrible. He is just like reading the script! The stage design is below the rockman series as well! It is dull and boring. In the world of traidtional Rockman, every stage has a very speicifc theme. And I could still remember well some of the stages after more than 10 years!In conclusion, if you think that the rockman series is gonna revive in another form. Give it up! You will regret if you gonna take this the rockman replacement."
76561198060720879,Not Recommended,314710,23691227,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shogun Gundam_04,"The controls and platofrming are really... clunky.  I have played free online indie platforming games that have smoother controls and level design than this.. and that says something.  I pre-ordered this back in september.  (I was not one of those people who ""backed the game."") Not really worth the wait IMO.  The voice overs are a bit clunky.. the screen/frame rate will sometimes catch and then suddenly you are in the fire pit slowly dieing, and not on the platform where you should be.  I am a die-hard platformer fan.  I have played almost all of the mega man games.  This game needed a lot more tweaking.  Who knows maybe some patches will come out down the line, to fix the frame-rate snags, among other things, then I would say it is worth the 20 bucks.  Honestly based on game play, this game should have been 10 bucks... and thats being generous.Overall maybe 5-6/10 so like 5.5? And that is mostly due to the issues graphic/frame rate issues that make some section downright unplayable. If there was a patch or two, maybe some tweaking of a few level designs,  (how much instadeath do some sections need really?) then by all mean its its a good game. until then I do not recommend paying full price.Edit* currently halfway through the game, played every stage atleast once. the levels are designed so you have to do them in weakness order, if you don't stages and bosses become impossible at times.  still have to play in an 800x600 window, playing full screen causes it to lag like a satellite network connection.  still solidly do not recommend this game until some patches are releasedFinal edit Game is beaten, had its high points, had several low points mentioned enough above.  I might recommend this game if it is on sale, but not worth the full price.  I had some fun with it, but the frustration outweighed the fun"
76561198004422768,Not Recommended,314710,23813918,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Boozeclues,Extremely disappointed by this game. It's overloaded by bad design choices that they try to cover up with deceptive advertising. Don't waste your time with this game - look elsewhere to fan games if you want a new mega man style game experience. You won't get anything but disappointment and frustration from this game.
76561198032073131,Not Recommended,314710,23825647,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☣Kekskuchen☣,"if u are a fan of mega man games, DONT buy at allrather get an emulator/console and play original"
76561198077323062,Not Recommended,314710,30528453,Posted: 15 March,all,Photon,"It kind of feels like for every one thing Mighty No. 9 gets right, something else pops up to undo it. Mighty No. 9, in my opinion, is actually rather charming in its own right, with quirky boss characters and a story that isn't half-bad for the genre. There are gameplay innovations that the game presents that feel full of potential. And yet somehow, that good will felt squandered at nearly every turn, leaving me with a platformer that sits resolutely in the ""mediocre"" category.Mighty No. 9 started off well enough and showed some nice flourishes. For instance, the main stage bosses (aka Mighty Numbers) are more than just static ""boss room"" personalities. A boss will often try to impede your progress through the stage, but after being rescued will often pop up in another stage as assistance. They're kind of quirky as well: I found Avi's news reporter act, for instance, to be hilarious and endearing. One might find a few annoyances here and there (*cough* Sanda *cough*) but I liked most of them, and I wish these personalities could've been a little more prevalent throughout. Then gameplay wise, you've got the fairly snappy dash mechanic for takedowns, and the form changes that replace (conceptually) simple weapon swaps a la MegaMan. The game felt new, fresh and--most importantly--enjoyable for a period of time.But the deeper I got... ugh. Just, ugh.Once you have like two or three form changes available, switching forms is a hassle. Its not like MegaMan where you simply swap left/right to equip something. No, in this game you have to press the swap button to open the forms dropdown, press the swap button again to cycle through the forms, then press an entirely different button to activate the form. During all this, the game doesn't stop around you until you actually go to execute the form swap. On top of that, you can't even form swap from the pause menu. Uh... really? For a platformer involving speed and finesse, this is a major annoyance. Yes,  you can bind up to three quick-swaps, but this doesn't fix the general accessibility issue. It greatly hampered my desire to be experimental with the forms: I barely touched all but one of them outside of my normal form.The dash mechanic, though it sounds good on paper, is also counter-intuitive. Dashing and attacking are essentially two separate mechanics, and having to ping-pong between the two just doesn't feel all that satisfying. Consider this: if I'm on a ladder and ""destablize"" an enemy to the side, I have to jump off the ladder, dash into the enemy to kill it, and dash back to the ladder. Again, it sounds like a minor irritation, but these kind of funky situations crop up all over the place and it gets OLD. Downing foes can often feel meticulous instead of fluid.It all just keeps adding up. The dash also has a slight amount of end-lag attached to it. Level design and enemy placement can be hit or miss. Insta-death traps feel a bit overused at times (screw the Mines level. Screw. It.) I will shamelessly admit to turning the ""remaining lives"" option up to 9 in the options. Putting up with some of this stuff once was enough.But you know what REALLY ""grinds my gears?"" This game easily has some of the WORST boss fights I've EVER played in the genre. That's strong wording I rarely throw around, but I mean it. The fights are often paced TERRIBLY, with drawn-out seqeuences that are exceptionally sluggish and/or predictable. The game seems to be very specific about when you're ""allowed"" to attack which, when combined with the methodical pace, makes for yawn-worthy encounters. The dash mechanic futher disincentivizes creativity because, should you get cheeky and destablize a boss at the ""wrong"" time, there is a good chance you won't be able to reach him and he'll just recover the health back. Battles in this game are often far too telegraphed, tedious and SLOOOOOOOOW. And it all reaches a climax with that filthy abomination of a final boss.Yes, I detest the final boss THAT much that I'm giving it a special mention. As far as this genre goes, that massive pile of garbage is easily the worst final boss that comes to mind. X(Sigh...I've struggled to post this review because its probably one of the most vitriol-infused reviews I've ever posted (by my standards, at least!) Mighty No. 9 has evoked such passionate gamer rage from me in a way most games never do, and clearly not in the ""just one more time"" kind of way. As a passionate platformer fan who holds the genre near and dear, this game pushed so many of my buttons. For as much promise and personality the Mighty No. 9 universe showed, the act of playing through it fell incredibly short."
76561198042892996,Not Recommended,314710,23788491,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jmb12177,"this is one of the worst games I have ever played, what a pile of crap, such a waste, how could they spend 4 million on this steaming pile of dog crap."
,Recommended,314710,28011673,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dr. Scallywag,"I must first start by saying that I did not help crowdfund this game. I can only imagine the frustration of those who did.With that in mind, I can only review this game as a Mega Man fan who bought this game off of steam without the three-year wait.Before talking about gameplay, there are a few glitches, such as a stage failing to load once, and a game sold for computer not allowing my regular keybinds to be used. Other than this and some infrequent lag, there were not many other performance issues.This game, as it promised, brought a lot of new ideas to the Mega Man-style platforming genre. However, not all of them were perfect. While the dash is extremely fun to use, it can often backfire as it is sometimes difficult to control Beck's in mid-air post-dash. The level designs ranged from interesting to tedious, some stages managing to be both at the same time (I loved the concept of Countershade's stage, but it would be better if it was longer and had at least one checkpoint). Many extra weapons were seldom useful, though I personally didn't use special weapons much outside of boss fights in Mega Man games either. Speaking of such, the boss fights were one of the most interesting parts of the game. While the absorb mechanic made it difficult sometimes, the boss strategies were usually interesting, with some of the later fights in the game leaving me with a sense of accomplishment reminiscent of beating older Mega Man games. The final boss was overwheling at first, though with practice I learned to dodge all of its attacks and that most of it could be defeated by spamming Battalion's weapon. Most of the voice acting was below average (not Mega Man 8 or X4 bad though), but certain actors made playing through their stage a lot more entertaining (mainly Avi, but also Battalion). Although graphics were never a problem playing retro games, the stages had lackluster 3D backgrounds and obstacles, remaining very simple and not much to look at. But of course I can't forget the amazing music, which was composed by Mega Man veterans such as Manami Matsunae and Ippo Yamada.As a whole, I believe that this game is only reviewed so poorly because of its troubled development, thought the game itself still has much room for improvement. As a whole, it was still a fun game and any platforming fan should pick it up if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,314710,23882207,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SilverXerion,The level design on this game isn't good. Your character's moves don't get along with the levels and there's a lot of insta-kill traps (spikes and pits) but your character is not as swift and agile as megamanX.
,Not Recommended,314710,23689565,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,LOLIMETH,Keiji Inafune is a business man not a developer! Ready to cry like an anime fan on prom night? DAY 1 DLC!
,Not Recommended,314710,25733425,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Bad optimization, bland design (early screenshots looked good). Disclaimer: I backed the kickstarter (Mega Man fan). Horrible stutter during key points, especially when you meet the sword wielding / slash bot while you are hoping on cards on a freeway... So much potential, skip this one."
,Not Recommended,314710,23691916,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,zjmbay,"This review isn't motivated by the ""hate hype train"" surrounding this game, and I did not back the games crowd funding campaign either. I simply tried the game to see what it was like.It's bad. It's clunky. It's too easy to get hit, sometimes you get hit while performing the dash move and it's unclear why. The platforming is atrocious. The game does not run that well either in my personal experience. (For background, my PC is not beefy but it was able to run MGSV decently. MN9 on high settings looks worse than MGSV on low settings and somehow runs worse. Could be my PC is crap, but I don't think a game of this quality should have any problems with performance.)Don't buy it just because you're curious. It's not worth the time, and I only spent 40 minutes with it. Just go play Megaman X instead."
,Not Recommended,314710,23692304,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,im the baby gotta love me,"""a controller is recommended, but we won't recognize yours. also this game is unoptimized trash"
,Not Recommended,314710,23694829,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,KDOXG,"Everything in this game looks like it was made on the PS2 eravoice acting in general is decent, at lessgraphics are too weakthe songs are cool, but does not reach the feet of Mega Manthe intro stage seemed like a bootleg from the Mega Man 7 intro stageeven the level design from the other stages is boringI will not huff much because of laziness, then screw it because I'm asking for refund now (thank Lord Gabe for this feature)Screw you too Inafune"
,Not Recommended,314710,24545232,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Flasa,"A major disappointment after a huge hype built. An extremely (and excessively) frustrating platforming experience, with a juvenile and barely developed plot and that paradoxically revolves around the dashing mechanic, where the game requires you to dash into the enemies to absorb them but at the same time punishes you for being brash and dashing into them. The plot is really shallow and the characters are pretty uninspiring and stereotypical. A game that, for all its budget acquired through Kickstarter, really doesn't live up to the potential it could have.If you're looking for that feeling that Megaman left in us and want more, don't buy this game. It will just tarnish your hopes of playing that once more. Keiji Inafune did some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things during the Kickstarter for this and really let us down."
76561198115086286,Not Recommended,314710,23691610,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Dusk,"Honestly, from the 20 minutes ive been playing it, I decided to purchase this game on the day it was acutally going to come out instead of pre-purchasing like many people did. Im going to request an honest refund for this product, not because im comparing it to the classical megaman games, but the game itself in the 20-30 minutes I played felt just terrible. The dialogue is dragged out and boring as hell from the moment you begin the game, the characters themselves dont even try to attempt movement, let alone any type of facial expression to indicate who is actually talking in some of the dialogue that occurs. The beginninig narration was absolutely awful to listen to, felt like I was in a long winded trailer inside of a cinema for hours waiting for the movie to begin.And when it came down to the actual game itself, the reason we all buy the game, It just felt so bad. Controls in my opinion felt clunky and awful, trying to actually do the ""challenging maps"" on this game to see if it offered any challenge, on jumping on ladders was awful, most of the time I would fall simply because of how ackward it felt to actually have to press a button to grab onto a floating ladder in the middle of the screen. In the beginnign gameplay the dashing itself felt like it would be the bread and butter to pretty much clear every map in the game without any challenge at all, hardly even really payed attention to the gun concept.I feel like this game is only worth buying if it goes on a major sale of $10 dollars or lower, otherwise purchasing fully for $20 dollars is absolutely ridiculous, and the company deep silver in my opinion owes an apology and a refund to the many kickstart supporters that wanted a better version of the classical megaman game."
76561198014591665,Not Recommended,314710,23693164,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Papa Arima,"I am a huge fan of the MegaMan series, all the way from the Originals to Legends to Battle Network. This game is a mix of Original and X gameplay, but done terribly. The game still suffers from frame rate issues and will often crash. The sound often cuts in and out. The actual gameplay is sometimes bland. The bosses are good and fun to play against. The dialogue is often uninspired.This is not a spiritual successor the MegaMan series.Furthermore, the gamepad is uncalibrated from the getgo in Windows 10. The triggers and buttons were switched. X and Y were switched. A and B were switched.While the gamplay is fun at various points, the technical issues make the game frustrating to play."
,Not Recommended,314710,23692284,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Thebalrog6,"I wanted to love this game. I really, really did, but it was doomed from the start it seems.Let's start with the main problem. There's a story. Yeah, that's all fine and good, but for a Mega Man type game? It's highly unneeded. You're a robot kid. Kill robots. Defeat evil guy. You're done. There was LOTS of lore in the Mega Man series, but you actually had to go digging to find it originally. Now? Slaps you in the face with it. Why are there 52 states? What suddenly happened at the arena? These things are never explained and they expect you to figure it out. That's bad right off the bat. Another problem I have is Beck's acceleration. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm glad I can zoom around the map and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but why make it that he gets hurt when he uses it? Why make it so the enemy does damage to him EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE DEAD? It's also really weird to control Beck, because sometimes he dashes, and other times he just gets hurt and says he used it. You have to time that♥♥♥♥♥♥VERY SPECIFICALLY. Which isn't good in a platformer!I'm sorry, Inafune, but I can't recommend this game.I really tried to love this. I did, but I couldn't, no matter how hard I tried."
,Not Recommended,314710,23690710,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,robotman5,Reset my Mouse speed to be really slooooooooooooow. the voice acting is awful but other then that the gameplay is ok.wait for a sale though
,Not Recommended,314710,28733606,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hawk,"The game is horrible, I had heard others review it, I heard friends talk about it but the videos seemed to awesome to believe them, but hear me, and hear me now, it's bad, I gave it my all to like the game for I am a huge Megaman X fan ever since the SNes ... It was all for not, the graphics are horrible, voice acting in Japanese is OK,  English is horrible ... Cutscene are bad, gameplay is mediocre at best, the bosses are extremely difficult and unlike megaman, you cannot upgrade Beck at all, skills take way too long to recharge and everything else is bad, oh so bad ... This game is like if Megaman made love with sadness and their baby was born without limbs and a functioning brain ... Overall, Sadness describes this failed attempt of a failed man."
76561198099266604,Not Recommended,314710,29216000,Posted: 12 January,all,ydahhrk,"Geez.I was going to say that it was fun. That the game is literally everything they promised, nothing more and nothing less. It is, really. It's just that they didn't promise they wouldn't do a lot of off-putting things as well.And I'm not talking about the bugs or the framerate drops. That's there, sure, but it doesn't actually cause much trouble. To me, the real problems are more fundamental; more primal than that.If nothing else, I came to dislike the game for what it represents. You see, a few years ago some chap called Egoraptor released a video where he mystified the design of Megaman X's intro stage. Mighty #9 is proof that that Sequelitis is nothing but deluded fan cheerleading nonsense. Sure, Megaman X had an implicit gameplay-based tutorial at the end of the day, but to say that it was the product of state-of-the-art game design is groundless now that the very same Keiji Inafune came up with a game that is recklessly proud of its screetching navigators despite complete creative freedom.Make no mistake, those navigators have *nothing* substantial to say. Yet they won't ever shut up. They just won't. They really won't. The tutorial in this game is bloated, uninteresting, unnecesary and spans the whole campaign. THE WHOLE CAMPAIGN. Even if you're retrying after losing a life. Even if you're playing a second run. Even if you're playing on hard. EVEN IF YOU ARE SPEEDRUNNING. THEY. JUST. WON'T. SHUT UP.Seriously. The Sequelitis video exists. Inafune knows Egoraptor. He must have seen the video. He could have claimed to be the mastermind behind the greatest gameplay innovation since the freaking jump button. But here we are. Several years later. Implicit tutorials are common knowledge now. And they couldn't have flown over his head any harder. The game is utterly proud of its enthusiastic drive to state the obvious and the useless.That's what gets me the most. There are other things. The game went kind of overboard with the instakill traps, for example. The avoidance of some of them requires luck in one's first run.There's also that weird weapon selection system that they refuse to fix for some reason. You know how Megaman games almost always feature nine weapons? (8 from bosses plus the pea shooter.) They seem to be oblivious to the fact that controllers often have a right joystick which has eight basic directions plus a click. Hell, they even missed the fact that keyboards have more than nine nicely-arranged numbers which have served weapon stashes perfectly since at least classic Doom. Mighty #9 came out in 2016 and it still forces you to pause gameplay by cycling through weapons. It's baffling in its surrealism.If you absolutely have to play this game, I would recommend leaving the first two bosses for last. The Mighty #1 fight is straight-out unfair because those ******* navigators won't let you hear what his instakill attack is going to be, and Mighty #2 appends very painful puns to her annoying-attack-colored victories. If you value the hair on your head, please prepare your gear before entering these fights. Don't worry, the game tells you the bosses' weaknesses as long as you have them.It really makes me wonder... what's with game designers at the top of the food chain today? Where is the common sense? It is perfectly clear that the target audience of this game is experienced gamers; not only because of the often unreasonable difficulty, but also because investment on past spiritual games is kind of mandatory. I don't see a new gamer being attracted to the Astroboy-based art, the retro-inspired gameplay or the brain-dead story. No, you need to know Megaman to want to play this game. And that means that you already know that there is a jump button. You also know that you should probably avoid pits. And that maybe you should try attacking the boss AFTER YOU HAVE ALREADY DRAINED HALF OF HIS HEALTH. I DON'T NEED TO BE UNAVOIDABLY TOLD ANY OF THIS.The game is dumb, is what I'm saying. It has no idea what it's doing. It tries to sell you that the developers are pouring their souls into it now that they are no longer enslaved by an iron-fist publisher, but in reality it's more like this is just another Megaman whose making has to beendured.The formula could use some changes. I get it that there will be purists that will be annoyed if they remove instakill spikes altogether (not that a spiritual successor wasn't the right time to purge them), but maybe they could reserve them for a scant number of rooms whose design actually benefits from them, as opposed to all over the place.Also, how about removing the three-pellet per screen limit. It was useful in the NES era because too many sprites per scanline caused flickering, but this is not 1987 anymore. I think the idea (assuming it still is a conscious decision) is that it promotes risky gameplay (since it allows faster bullet spamming when up close), but I think that the new dash-absorb mechanic already does that better. Also, how about fading the bullet with the distance so they will do less damage when far away instead. This idea doesn't annoyingly lock the fire button from the player, but promotes close combat all the same.I mean, I know I'm nitpicking at this point. But to me, all of this really illustrates the core problem with Mighty No. 9:They are just not thinking.In the end, not much of what I've said matters. The point is the game is not very fun. You would think that, since it kills you often, it would at least have that Dark Souls something which compels you to keep trying, but it doesn't. Playing this is painful; not thrilling. Whenever I come out of a stage (whether I won or lost) there is always this sense of misery towards what's to come because I dread this game's unknown. You just know it's going to consist of unskippable navigator trivia and offscreen instakill spikes.As a die-hard megaman fan... I'm sorry, but I'm not going to recommend this one. It's really hard to enjoy. Trust me. I tried."
,Not Recommended,314710,23695884,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Curly_,"As much as I hate to despise this game, I really need to look at it at a critical viewpoint.This game has a very big difficulty curb, completely alienating to me, despite how well I play traditional Mega Man titles.While I enjoy the characters and find some of them quite endearing, it's just not worth the pain, and the $20.How the ♥♥♥♥ did you ♥♥♥♥ this up on a 4 million dollar budget, Comcept?!"
76561198028876240,Not Recommended,314710,23694264,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,madman1997,"well this game blows, controls suck, game play sucks, not worth the money or time"
,Not Recommended,314710,24123222,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BalrogTheMaster,i didn't even go to prom and i still cried
76561198120678808,Not Recommended,314710,23707580,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kyra_Evermoon,"This is my first review ever. I'm aware there is a lot of drama around this game, from the delays, to the graphical downgrades, to the devs acting shady. None of that is super important to me. What matters to me is one question.Is the game fun.And sadly, the answer has to be no. Which is sad, i wanted it to be good. But it's so poorly optimized that it lags out and eats my button inputs, even on the lowest settings. Not to mention i had to tweak the game files myself to even get it to launch. Right from the get go it just crashed on me every time. Sad to say, i can't recommend this game as it is now. I might buy it again in a few months, if i hear they've done some fixes, but for now, i'll stick with Megaman X and X3 thanks. Hopefully they get it right, because the bit of gameplay i was able to enjoy was pretty neat, if in need of polishing."
,Not Recommended,314710,23787268,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ViVi,"Unfortunally, this game suffers from being a shadow of the most loved blue robot ever created. It actually starts ok, gives you hope that the game is actually not bad, but it suffers from bad choices in terms of gameplay and level design. Graphics wise, the game looks like an upres'd Dreamcast game, but without an amazing art to compensate.Although I really wanted this game to be good, it is not."
76561198074206132,Not Recommended,314710,23718805,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Hitler Planned The Alamo,"I put in $60 on kickstarter and payed $20 for the game.Frankly my hopes were high being it was supposed to the the next Megaman. People like me gave as well. $4,000,000+ was given. Basically a cash grab for the makers..... shocking.I havn't been this discusted since the cancelation of Megaman Legends 3."
76561198072750245,Not Recommended,314710,24082833,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sasurawo,"Its a platforming based 2-D side scrolling shooter, styled after mega-man.Now for the actual review...I will be fair.The ""megaman learning curb"" is non-existent one second your walking through a normal segment and suddently everything thats not a platform kills you, the lead ins and learning screens are non existent, its almost painfully clear at times that the content creators were lost to mega-mans formula.What was promised was a highly intricate experience based on the old mega-man games with fast paced gameplay and intense boss battles. The truth is the pacing is odd, some areas will reward you for fast paced decision making, others will be made specifically to make you fail and frustrate you to no extent. The graphic style and color pallets don't even match up to what was promised, but they do remain colorful and bright which is ok. Some boss fights will have you tearing out your hair as the audio qeues are reused for various moves.The music is good and helps create pacing, but the voice actors with the exception of Steve Blum, fail to keep the atmosphere or action at the proper pacing with bad delivery.Overall not a terrible game, or broken. It simply failed to deliver everything that was promised to everyone it was promised too. id suggest it on a discount maybe as a 5 usd purchase or 75% off but not for a penny more. As buying the mega-man collection would be a much better purchase with a much better experience."
,Not Recommended,314710,31006161,Posted: 7 April,all,lorddotcom,"Like John Ramero in the days of yesterday,  we didn't listen to the past and let a game designer generate his own hype again. Poor gameplay, graphics that chug along, horrible voice acting 10/10 would let my own childhood nostalgia hype blind me again."
,Not Recommended,314710,23692376,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nakomy,"So many crap in this game that rly make me sick.I bought this game in 2015, had to wait over a year of delays then today when i finaly play look how It made me feel disappointed.If you like megaman dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥its nothing like its just a spit on your face and a hole in your walletThis game have a stupid system where you need to rush towards the enemy in order to get points and you lose almost everything when you die, besides if you realy want a high score in this game you need to play the same phase like 50 times, the powers from bosses are lame and nearly useless.How i wish refound on this piece of scam..Again this game is a insult to megaman DONT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,314710,23695670,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,"Hunter, dear hunter","I'd like to reccomend this game... If i could play it. But every time I try to open it, it immediatly crashes. I can't call a game good if i can't play it, and i bought this thing in February. I was so hyped, and now i don't even get to play. I am personally peeved that i wasted 20 dollars on this, and would like a refund."
,Not Recommended,314710,25520070,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,phroun,"When I first purchased it, crashed and wouldn't start.  After editing a file to fix it per some instructions online, it worked until I went to adjust in-game graphics settings later, then it crashed again.  It crashes all the time, and it runs slower than other more advanced games.  It also doesn't feel like Mega Man because of the strange mechanic where you have to dash into enemies and try to make combos instead of enemies dropping power-ups.  I had been looking forward to this since its Kickstarter campaign but it is a waste of time and money, very sadly.   I also didn't find out that there was a possibility of a refund on Steam until much later, and by the time I knew, I was ineligible for refund.  If I had known, I would have asked for a refund on the first day, and that's not something I usually do.  Steer clear of this disaster!"
,Not Recommended,314710,23694824,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Blue-armed Bandit,"Mighty No. 9 should only cost a MIGHTY $9This game despite being designed to be used with a controller lacks controller support. Several people are trying to use Xbox One controllers, 360 controllers, PS4 controllers, and various others yet none are detected. As if that wasn't bad enough the default keyboard controls are awful. Yes they are remappable, but you shouldn't HAVE to remap to make the game tolerable.EDIT: Got the game to work in 1080p now. It's tedious though because you have to use the arrow keys like 20 times to get to that resolution setting.I've only been able to get in a short amount of time because of issues with switching display modes while the game is running (forcing it from fullscreen into windowed until I close and restart the program), and the aforemention control issues.For the above two issues I am above the recommended specs so I should not have these issues.I like that this is a throwback to classic Megaman, but the design flaws are so offputting that I'd recommend staying away until they fix these issues. I hope the handheld versions are better than this garbage version of the game. Hopefully Inafune puts some of the $4 million into patching the game."
,Not Recommended,314710,23691330,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"i have spent some times with this until the final boss, so i got the conclusion that this game is really dissapointing.-absolute f*cking hard enemies (with no useful abilities and reward )-worse AMERICAN voice acting-MEDIOCRE gameplay make this game exciting at first then after a few times got bored-VERY LACK of DESIGN (level, menu, boss, etc)-F*CKING DEAD ONLINE MULTIPLAYER (TRY ALOT OF TIME BUT NOT WORKING)this game have a good story though but very poor executed too bad megaman creator itself dont know what to do to make a good gamemy very own score : mighty no 9 PC VERSION = 55"
76561198052225865,Not Recommended,314710,23697746,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HoneyBee,"I so badly wanted to like this game. I really did. I don't feel like it lives up to what Mega Man is suppose to be.The game doesn't know which generation of Mega Man it wanted to be either. Beck is a strange mixture of Classic Mega Man, and X in the sense that Beck has no charged shot, can dash, and long jump. This doesn't sound like much of a problem until you learn Beck cannot climb or jump from walls, he instead has a ledge grab.The mechanics behind the dash seem like they would have worked better if it wasn't used to defeat every enemy in the game. This is the only way you can beat bosses. More often then not you will find yourself dashing into a hazard to defeat the robots blocking your path, and this is because enemies can be placed on narrow platforms and in cluttered rooms where dashing into them is nearly impossible. Speaking of bosses, if you do not dash into them when indicated you need to dask into them, they will recover any damage you delt to them.The cast of characters feel flat. Their expressions rarely change to match the emotion they are trying to express. Dr. Sanda is a prime example as he screams all while smiling.The concept of this game looked and sounded great, but I feel it was executed poorly, and is not worth the $19.99 asking price."
76561197971021986,Recommended,314710,34370070,Posted: 20 August,all,uni1313,"Mighty No. 9 is a 2D Side-scrolling Action game from the creator of the Megaman franchise. This game is very controversial and was butchered by reviewers worldwide. After an extremely successful crowdfunding with Kickstarter, expectations were high and they were too high.I bought the game when it was on sale. When I was a child I was a fan of Megaman 2 on the NES. This game reminds me of the Megaman games. You must beat the stages and the bosses in a certain order to get the boss weapon upgrades that help you beat certain levels = Megaman.I don’t think that this game is a bad game. To me it’s an average though fun game to play. Although I find the end boss a bit frustrating.For ultrawide monitor users I confirm that there is no support for 21/9 aspect ratio. Only 16/9 aspect ratios are supported. I played the game on 2560*1080 resolution with black borders. I tested the game with an Xbox One wired controller.I recommend this game when it’s on a sale."
76561198044630131,Not Recommended,314710,23696342,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ron-swanson,Yea it sucks. Buy 20xx instead
76561198026858053,Not Recommended,314710,23713053,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Wardo,"This game really isn't worth full price, wait for a sale if you really have to play it, or just pass on it like I should have."
,Not Recommended,314710,23699150,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,spiderbenb,"I've played...maybe 2-3 levels. But all of which are incomplete due to the unbearable lag the game offers. As much as this game was hyped you might want to save your money for something better than this. The controls are jittery and along with the lag its just impossible to make it past certain areas without losing momentum or jumping into a bottomless pit. The story on its own is just complete garbage. ""Robots are going crazy all throughout the city...EXCEPT YOU!!"" I'd rather play some cheap hacked game instead of this. At least in a hacked game it can be completed and has an almost decent storyline to it. Save your money folks. This game isnt going to get any better from here on out."
,Not Recommended,314710,23699470,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Syaxamaphone,"Wow I hate this game!EDIT: Ok I'm less mad and I thought about it so now I'll elaborate.Purely from a gameplay perspective (because lets face it, it is not a pretty or well-optimized game), it has some good ideas but there are a lot of flaws.A lot of the level design is not very exciting. In Megaman 1, you had Elecman's teleporting blocks, Gutsman's rail platforms, etc. In Mn9 you don't have a heck of a lot. Dynatron's gimmick is giant stationary circles that act as spikes. Enemy hitboxes are clunky, boss patterns are frustrating and level environments are dull.While its not executed well, I think that its charm could have been its saving grace. A lot of the character designs are pretty good and while the acting is cringy, its still pretty cute at times. I think if they made the plot something more original and less ""Hey look its like megaman"", I think it would have been received a little better.In short, it has some charm but most of it falls flat and unless you're a seasoned platformer veteran, you're probably going to hate it a lot more than I do."
,Not Recommended,314710,23730596,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RamblingJosh,"I was very willing to give this game a chance, because I love Mega Man games, and because despite the negative reception, the trailer made the gameplay look fun. Unfortunately that was a mistake. If anything, the game is even worse than the internet made it sound.There ARE some good ideas here, and there IS some fun in this game. Sadly in spite of that, every inch of Mighty No 9 is stamped with bad design decisions. This leads to a game that is ugly, uninteresting, poorly paced, annoying, frustrating, and above all suffers from some pretty horrid level design.Mighty No 9 is literally the only game that I have ever refunded on steam, and as such, I cannot recommend it."
76561198142437574,Not Recommended,314710,25062319,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,FrancisRV,Better buy the mega man legacy collection than this
76561198052264187,Not Recommended,314710,23693437,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shogun KA YO!,"Game is terrible, Shogun hates this game, Ray health loses over time so your forced to play fast and are unable to enjoy the game also everyone and everything has this strange white outline around it, also Graphics suck super bad.Shogun hates this game.4 million dollars and its super fast and easy with no fun gameplay just the same over and over dashing all the time.Dashing simulator 2069xxx busty robots unleashed.(also no charge shot)"
76561198129305671,Not Recommended,314710,23691359,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Moose Wayne,"Gameplay would be nice but the level design doesn't give it enough room to shine. Dashes and combo system are heavily advertised as a main point of the game but have to damage enemies first and you need to pick up a random drop to upgrade your shots to pierce enemies. This tends to lead to you just blowing up robots instead of dashing into them all for a combo.Difficulty ramps up a lot quite quickly from what I saw. They introduce a mechanic to the stage in a calm, controlled environment(much like the original Megaman games) but then that mechanic ramps up fast in difficulty. The fire stage for example introduces interactive backgrounds that will kill you if they fall on you. Seems simple until a few screens later where they add falling platforms and robots shooting you from the background that were introduced earlier in the stage as well. It wasn't one and then the other. They just threw you into a bullet hell with falling platforms and backgrounds and expected a lot of trial and error on when you should run or wait. It's basically game over if you get hit by anything and the background falling will even knock down platforms(would be a nice touch if the jumps weren't so tight without them)It definitely feels reminiscent of a Megaman game but it still needs a lot of polish in design if it wants to come close to it in quality"
76561198105977901,Not Recommended,314710,23691342,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MageCaster24™,"Well I expected this to happen been waiting since 3 or 4 delays to finally play this game and I can't even play it. Reason why is because when I tried to open the game up, it crashed even though I tried some steps that might work into trying to get it to work, but nothing. I don't know if this happens to anyone else, but they need to really fix this because wow this is just sad. I didn't want this to be a negative sort of review, frankly, this isn't even a proper review considering I HAVEN'T EVEN PLAYED THE GAME YET!!!! Seriously Inafune fix this problem ASAP! Until then, I do not recommend this game to anyone. I will change this once this problem has been resolved."
,Not Recommended,314710,23700360,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Disc,"I really wanted this game to succeed but the overall gameplay is just boring and tedious. It feels souless just dragging Beck through however many levels with halfbaked quips and god aweful dialogue. I know megaman games were always cheesy but this game feels like it took it a step too far. Mighty No. 9 is an alright game, but it holds its flame in a completely opposite direction to the thing it's supposed to succeed. May you rest in peace."
76561198134182594,Not Recommended,314710,23710453,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AJStylesRS07,"I'm not going to be reviewing my experience with the game's past and the kickstarter I donated too and waiting through all of the delays, excuses, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Keiji Inafune gave especially that I'm a backer who never got there free copy of the game. I'll give a link in the below of what I feel about that because if I put that into consideration this game would be a 1/10 easily. I played through most of the game and bought the Ray expansion DLC which is pretty much like having Zero except it's harder and you feel more OP and it's great but it should have been included in the game ♥♥♥♥ DAY 1 DLC. The game was suppose to be the spiritual successor to Mega Man we've been waiting for but that's certainly not the case. The core gameplay is decent at best and has fun clever moments in areas and the dash mechanic is always satisfying to use. But the boss abilities except for a couple seem tacky and unuseful at times. I like the soundtrack especially the option to use the 8-bit style soundtrack. But the game is just so vanilla and uninspired and the reason this is such a problem is that this was suppose to be the inspired spiritual Mega Man successor and the biggest target marketing Mighty No. 9 had failed big time. I don't mind the art style but some people understandably hate it because it feels bland to them. The two biggest sins to me in a game is failing to do the biggest promise you gave it when in production, This game instead of bringing Mega Man into the next generation of gaming in the form of a Mighty No. 9 franchise. We got a mediocre fancy overhyped 2D platformer that can be matched by Mega Man indie game wannabes on steam for less than 20 dollars. This game isn't bad at all, it's okay the gameplay can be fun and finishing the game never felt frustrating because I never had any glitches or framerate issues. But this might be one of the biggest disappointments I've ever had in gaming especially since nostalgia is such a killer for me and that made Mighty No. 9 such a sad topic for me. 6/10 but including everything I said about what was leading up to this game and how they in my opinion disrespected Mega Man even more than I thought possible 1.5/10 here's the link I was talking about because who is to blame for this? Is it the fans? No I don't think so this is a Kickstarter gone wrong and here's how I feel about it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwV5khivRn0go to 1:08 of the video"
,Not Recommended,314710,23714041,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Quatropus,"I wish I could even recommend this to Mega Man fans, but without going into all the Kickstarter nonsense and how terrible backers were treated, this is just a bland and mediocre Mega Man wanna be.  That itself sucks to say when Inafune, the creator of Mega Man, was heading it.  Shows how much you really felt when ""it's better than nothing"" is your response after release instead of saying ""You know what?  I messed up and I'm sorry.""Is it a bad game?  No, but it most certaintly isn't a good one either.  The options has enough there that a lot of games should have honestly and even allows you to change audio settings like turn the music to ""retro"" (giving you this old NES vibe) and change the text/va to different languages, although there's only 3 that I saw?Other than that, there's nothing here.  $4 million to help create a bland game with poor level design, boring bosses, a boring story, and a god awful ending is just ridiculous and really should have people scared for any future Kickstarter ""promise"" because frankly that's what most of them are.  It's tough to see something that could have had promise come out and be such a bland and safe product that offers and changes nothing for gaming.I refuse to give ratings, but you'll probably get this game for $3 to $5 and be happy with the purchase.  Right now for $20 and day one DLC, that's a no.Spoiler:The ending is literally three stills of art and credits..."
,Not Recommended,314710,23697327,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shadow's Eclipse,"It starts out quite promising... but... the difficulty on normal is far too hard. The bosses can 1 hit you ocasionally... The environmental hazzards are 1 hit kill most of the time. I am a huge fan of classic megaman 1-8 and 9-10 and megaman x-x8. I was super looking forward to a spiritual sucessor. I had preordered and cancelled when one of the previous delays occured. I picked up the game again because I did want to play it. I really really wanted to like this game. It isn't fun for me. It does not have the benefits of a rouge like or lite of gethering upgrades through death. The difficulty of the game is way too high. I think it is quite nasty that the kickstarted was around 4 million and this is what came out. The co-op isn't accessible right away, there is dlc on day 1, and the retro dlc is only available in maniac mode. I regret to request this refund but seriously, this game is so hard it becomes not fun anymore."
76561198088798298,Not Recommended,314710,23693462,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,FNUX,Very BAD yappp
,Not Recommended,314710,23737567,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,McMasquerade,"Ignoring everything behind the release of this game. The graphics are fine, looks like a gamecube style game which is fine by me, but the levels feel empty with a lack of detail. The controls are pretty good, dashing to absorb the enemies is a fun new gameplay mechanic, though you move a little too slow, like in old school megaman (which makes things feel super sluggish sometimes). The level design is meh, with a few exceptions (the capital level is pretty refreshing). Framerate is inconsistent. I had so much slow down in Pyro's level when anything was set ablaze. My biggest issue with the game is it lacks an identity. It doesn't know if it wants to be the new Megaman or if it wants to be the old Megaman. This identity crisis ultimately leaves the game falling flat and feeling a little lifeless. A couple of moments of real creativity spark a little energy into things, but does not save it. This game as is, I would say 6 out of 10. At best."
,Not Recommended,314710,23711476,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,cvolpe,"If you are looking for a ""Spiritual Successor"" to MegaMan, this game is not it. I hopped into the game, excited to finally play it after waiting a long time and was so disappointed that I immediately asked for my money back. I don't request money back on titles very often. There is usually some fun to be had and some thing to learn from the game, but with Mighty No 9 I was just so sad to have bought it in the first place.I loved the MegaMan X series and would look forward to a ""REAL Spiritual Successor"" to the game. Something that took the design philosophies and really looked at what made that game fun. Looking forward to THAT game. This one, skip it."
,Not Recommended,314710,26019954,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Rodos,"Like Keiji Inafune said, it's better than nothing... Wait ! 4 $ millions for this ???If you really research a game who reminds the Megaman series, so Azure Striker Gunvolt will be a better choice without doubt ! The gameplay is so simple and the soundtrack is poor... Again, 4 $ millions for this ??? O_o"
,Not Recommended,314710,23799034,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ShouldICare,"I preordered this game, thinking it would be a spiritual successor to the Megaman X franchise. Oh how wrong I was. They shove exposition down your throat with no way to speed up dialog, they practically force you to use the absorbtion mechanic, the controls are sluggish, and it takes awhile before you can actually start fighting enemies when you start up a new save. Mighty No. 9 lacks in engaging players in the beginnings of the game with uninteresting dialog and making the player wait. If you're thinking about buying it because you loved Megaman as a kid, you will be greatly disappointed."
76561198010339472,Not Recommended,314710,23845638,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kohroku the Ox Driver,"Mighty No. 9 is a grind. It's not the worst 2-d platformer, in fact just playing the game can feel really good. The dash and the combo system in this game make for some really great moments but these moments are ruined in an instant by terrible level design and an awful narrative. The level design relies heavily upon mechanical execution and rote memorization of the maps to proceed and often punishes the slightest misstep with instant death. While this design isn't inherently bad, other games such as Super Meatboy will present a gradual increase in difficulty throughout the game. This feels more like a flat line punctuated with spikes in difficulty and that means that you're more likely to slam your head into these challenges and grind them rather than flow into them and refine these actions upon replaying.The second issue with this game is the narrative. Usually I can play through a 2-d platformer and simply ignore the narrative if I want, however Mighty No. 9 decided to go with a more theatrical approach and failed. Miserably. The plot and voice acting is so ham handed it would put Charlie Chaplin to shame. Seriously, the plot hits every single entry onTVTropes.com. The final shot screams sequel at you and at the end of all this you really just feel like slapping Dr. White and asking him why he even exists as a character at all."
,Not Recommended,314710,23765899,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PikaBoy,"I wanted SO BADLY to love this game, believe me. In 2013, I didn't have any money to back it at all (I was 14, a freshman in High School, broke as all hell), but I promised myself I'd buy it when it came out in 2015. It didn't come out in 2015. That was fine, I'd wait a few months. Then it was pushed to early 2016. Alright, the longer they take polishing the game, the better it'll be, you know? It got pushed to mid 2016. No problem, I'd rather prefer a GOOD game than an unfinished one. The problem is, that's essentially what we got. I put forth as much effort as possible into being patient for this game and wanting it to be good, and mind you, I never played much Mega-Man in my childhood. This was an unfortunate set of circumstances for Comcept and Keiji Inafune himself, as this game ended up being one of the biggest disappointments of 2016. Video games are all about FUN, and the second your game is not FUN, then it's not worth playing. Please keep this in mind whenever you make a new game, Comcept - and really any developer reading this right now. Make something that is truly fun, because that is what interactive media is all about. It's about enjoyment to the player, because without the player, there is no audience, and with no audience, you get no feedback, and no feedback means a loss in translation from concept to finished product. I would not recommend this game to anyone based on what I've experienced with it, though I certainly DO say, buy the game and play it before making any personal judgements. You can't say it's bad without actually playing it and sitting behind the controller. Now, it's not the worst game in the world, mind you. But when you get $4 million and even an extra YEAR to make a game better (and they even moved to a BETTER engine, and the game ended up looking worse than before), there is really no excuse for what we got. It's not just the fact that it didn't live up to anyone's expectations, that's really beside the point - it's more important to look at the fact that backers and enthusiasts were promised a spiritual successor to Mega-Man for THIS generation. What we got was a game that looks like it came out on the PS2 in 2005 and controls in a very janky and uncoordinated manner. Mega-Man on the NES truly controls better than this game.In the end, I'd probably have to give this game a 4/10 overall. I'm no expert, but please do not buy this game in hopes of getting a fresh look at the 2.5D platforming genre. All you'll get is anger and frustration."
76561198065431048,Not Recommended,314710,25338760,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cocoa,"Ok so I have an SSD, 16 GB of RAM, and Windows 10 with Core i7, also playing using an Nvidia videocard 4GB so basically I can play any game on ultra graphics, this is the result I got while trying to play this game:1.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after I first switch the settings to full screen mode.2.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after 1 minute of intro gameplay while on full screen mode.3.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after I switch back to windowed mode.4.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after I retry playing it again.5.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after I changed its compatibility and run it on admin mode.6.- The game crashed MY COMPUTER after I reinstalled it and set all the settings back to default.So not even 3 minutes of real gameplay and I already had to FORCE TURN OFF my computer so many times over this game?I waited for this game since it was a Kick starter thing, I even preordered it and got the special DLC.And yes, I had to play the game again until I complete the 5 minutes, followed by another computer crash and a bug that added a lot of game time recorded on my Steam when I closed it so I could type this review.Uninstalled and don't ever want to hear a thing about Mighty No 9 again."
76561198023765843,Recommended,314710,34554352,Posted: 28 August,all,OG-Tortoise,"I don't know why so many people trashed the game.  I think it's fun.   You absorb powers from other bosses like megaman, platform like megaman...And I actually kinda like the dash/absorbing enemy mechanic.  The only thing I wish is that there were somehow permanent upgrades like the megaman x games.  Maybe not capsules, but something similar to power up no. 9.  Other than that I like it.  I've rage quit a few times lol.....but keep coming back."
,Not Recommended,314710,23741688,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Itsugo02,"This game is just ok. I can't tell if it's trying to be a predecessor of Megaman or it's trying to build it's own image for gamers.The concept is good, the gameplay is ok, and others is just ok, not good not bad."
,Not Recommended,314710,23930612,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Destruktikus,"I dont usually do reviews, and i usually only do them if a game has either really stood out to me as being brilliant or being absolutegarbage, unfortunatley this game is the latterThere has been a massive ammount of controversy around this game but being a huge megaman fan i thought i could over look the graphic complaints, which if it where the only thing wrong with the game i would, but the game is near unplayable, perphaps its my fault, expecting a true Spiritual Successor to the megaman franchise and getting this, a game that forces you to kill enemies by dashing into them after doing damage from a far (why have a cannon for an arm if i have to get close to an enemy and dash threw them to kill them for points) the lack of a double jump replaced by having lots of jumps where you need to jump dash to get to (not just secrets but linear level progression platforms require dash jumps) the lack of a charge up attack for your hand canon just makes your attacks feel so underwhelming and the character overall feels weak and boring, it really feels like the creators wanted to push this wierd game mechanic of dashing and not focus on what core elements made the megaman tittles greatkudos to the developers for trying something new, but when you're pretty much making a Spiritual Successor to megaman atleast add in some of the things players are going to want from the previous games."
76561198160833681,Not Recommended,314710,23730353,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Toaster Dog,"Overall this games is pretty fun but I cannot recommend it, even as a huge Megaman fan, the cons outweigh the pros by far too much. It is pretty fun after the first levels where you have to get the hang of it, but then there is practically nothing to do once the game is over. It really annoys me that a game being delayed for over a year has DLC on day one. Even so, I bought the DLC, and although the new character Ray is interesting and more fun than Beck, when you unlock her you have already played every level and so it ends up being boring still after the glamour wears off and you realize you are playing the same thing again.Pros-Challenging the first time you play it-Has quite a few similarities to the original Megaman games-Fast paced and fun once you get the hang of it-Some powers are really fun to use (maybe three)-music is pretty good-the game's story is sort of interestingCons-Not nearly enough content to justify its price-By the time you get the hang of the game its over-game wants you to go fast but punishes you for trying to do so unless you know the whole level by heart-Once you finally learn the levels they are boring to play through again-Core game mechanic is dashing through enemies but you take damage from touching them, so if they just barely didn't take enough damage to be dashed through, you take damage-Once you know the boss patterns they are incredibly easy-Some powers are practically useless(6 of them are never needed)-No secrets to be found, this game is all about speed and score-Harder difficulties only make you take more damage and don't actually change anything-Dialouge is childish and pretty cringey-There are MANY level design errors that should have easily been seen in play testing, and yet, still are thereIf you really are interested in this game, wait for it to be on sale, it is definitely worth 10$. Unless you reeealy loved the game I don't recommend the DLC at all, and if you really want it its probably worth about 2$. I expected a lot more after this game was delayed for so long."
,Not Recommended,314710,24144140,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"As a huge fan of the classic Mega Man series let down by Capcom's complete disavowment of it, I was one of the first to back Keiji Inafune's spiritual successor on Kickstarter.  Then came the announcements of anime and animated movie spinoffs, and merchandise, and a Mega Man Legends spiritual reboot, with all being announced well before Mighty No. 9's release and getting fans more and more worried that Comcept were spreading themselves too thin and misappropriating the nearly $4 million their Kickstarter had received.  I remained optimistic nonetheless, steadfast in giving the game a chance before panning it, which I eventually did after nearly three years of delays, setbacks, terrible trailers and harebrained developer quotes that quickly turned into memes.  After all that, and as much as I hate to say it, the speculation about the game not getting its due attention was entirely correct.  Mighty No. 9 looks very low-budget, comprised of garish colors with minimal shading and low-poly models that don't even move their mouths or change facial expressions in cutscenes.  The music is entirely forgettable, the sound effects are flaccid and the repeated voice samples get grating in a hurry.  The camera is awkward and collision detection is often spotty, making platforming awkward and unintuitive.  Weapon changing is also puzzling, requiring the player to toggle between weapons with the shoulder buttons and then complete the switch by pressing Triangle, rather than simply letting them pause and select from a menu or quick-switch via shoulder buttons.  All of these things contribute to an experience that, while it superficially resembles classic Mega Man, comes across as a poor imitation of the formula on par with some of the lesser games in the X franchise instead.  If you really want the classic Mega Man experience, then do the right thing: Save your money for Legacy Collection instead.  Because whatever problems the first six Mega Man games had, none of them qualified their developers for a one-way trip to Kickscammed!"
76561198171955186,Not Recommended,314710,23715197,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Suzaine,"Freaking Inafune. I wanted to start off this review spitefully and say that ""No one wanted this game to succeed more so than I did,"" but that's simply not true. And it's so much worse because of that. If it was just me, if I was the only one disappointed by Might No. 9, well that would be something; but this game is a disappointment to so many people. It's glitchy, uninspired, and downright un-fun to play. During Brandish's level, Beck can't seem to stay on a damned car without sliding off and landing into the road of doom. You could chalk up that happening to a slip-up on my part, which I did, but when something occurs umpteen times, it becomes a trend; a trend of poor controls.The boss fights are just kind of boring and unchallenging as a whole, the power-up's you recieve don't even feel like they're worth all that much, it seems a lot more advantageous to stick to your default weapon. Call has (and I cannot stress this enough) the most BORING personality in a video game ever. You could have just has Siri's voice do all of her lines and it probably would have conveyed more emotion.When I first heard about this game coming out, I was so excited. I've been a fan of Megaman for so long. When Megaman's fall came I was so distraught, but it had seemed as though Mighty No. 9 would be the true successor. I mean he had the pedigree, he had the idea, he had a good enough look. Instead we waited so long for a false messiah. Megaman is dead, and I can only hope Beck won't be far behind."
76561198018612380,Not Recommended,314710,23710267,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KissXsis,Game is overall decent. I played for the story so I might get the Ray DLC.Anyways this game plays like a megaman X5 ish except can be very fustrating when dashing through monsters to assimilate. By doing this monster aren't defeated when you are going towards them and can still damage you. Last boss is very bland rehash of an old megaman boss and I find impossible without a sub-T.Good game only 1.5 hours of story game play. Worth 20 dollars? no... 10 yes. If you want to play the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over do time trial and boss rush.I give this game a 4 Falafels out of 10.
76561198079157454,Not Recommended,314710,23766443,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wing Zero,dont buy this game its nowhere near megaman for me it feels like an android game..
76561198400121106,Recommended,314710,34595270,Posted: 29 August,all,technokoopa,"I finally finished Mighty No. 9 (on Steam/Windows). I have to say, the game is as challenging as people have made it out to be and even I felt frustrated at several points in the game. However, I felt the same way when I had such difficulty when I first played Mega Max X4 on Playstation One when it first came out. It didn't play the same as the SNES version for X1-X3 and both my brother and I had difficulty with that game. I tend to compare that difficulty at the time to how Mighty No. 9 handled in that respects.That being said, part of what lead to my initial frustrations was realizing that with only three lives that, once lost, you had to start from the beginning again. I found out that in options you can increase it to 9. I wish I knew that at first. What helped me through the games at times were videos and walkthroughs only when I needed them (such as who to go after first and how to beat the last boss). Otherwise, I learned on my own. Thankfully, I knew the eight bosses' weaknesses thanks to Mighty Gunvolt Burst which uses the main character and the eight bosses from Mighty No. 9 so that made things a bit easier.Many of the backers tend to bash this game since it was crowdfunded due to several issues which I won't go into here (they already know what the issues were). However, playing this after it went on sale and from the standpoint of a non-backer, it does have its points of frustration and I understand that if you have been used to how Mega Man games have gone. But this game is NOT Mega Man. It may have a similar feel to it but it tries to make itself unique in ways that Mega Man was not. I may have been frustrated playing through it at times but those times eventually passed. In the end I would say that it was enjoyable to play and was a different experience than what I have been used to."
,Not Recommended,314710,23713824,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Zoot,"poor, punishing level design slugish, hard to control character and combat mechanics that are too beholden to the jump and shoot 8-bit games it tries to harken back to. shooting only on one axis and having to finish all enemies in melee while also being a bullet hell game leads to frustrating gameplay and many hours complaining about how your expected to dodge enemies comming at you at 45 mph while your attention is divided between controling the least moble game character in 20 years with a weapon less effective than garden hose and dodging game elements from the background, all while platforming.bad controls, dated / ""coin grab"" gamplay, unintuitive, poorly designed enviroments.would not recemend"
,Not Recommended,314710,23747401,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Yatzie,"I feel like i'm Beta testing a very buggy game on Unity, what a rip off"
,Not Recommended,314710,23768642,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bell J.,"I do not claim to be a pro gamer nor a Megaman expert.... but this game definitly make me wish I had some tables to flip again and again and again...and again.Even with the lowest setting, this game is slow and chunky and make it feel like you're missing so much frames in levels like Brandish's which is on a FREAKING HIGHWAY.Because of this problem, some parts of the game feel also unfaire and ask the player to be so perfect, one mistake plunges you to your doom. And no, not the nice game with you could have so much fun but instead.... with Mighty No. 9."
,Not Recommended,314710,23734299,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ratchet,its like a really bad sonic game that has no nalstagic value
76561198139254717,Not Recommended,314710,23700547,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Hyena Lobster,It won't even work!!! And my hopes they got crushed so hard. ;(
,Not Recommended,314710,23695054,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ToransuShojo,"Mighty No. 9 ReviewRating: 2/10This game, if you can even call it that, is really bad. Like,reallybad. I have quite a few reasons why. Let's begin, shall we?GraphicsThe graphics in this game aren't terrible, but they aren't great either. There are only two animations I have issues with, and those are the fire and the explosion animations. Jesus, they look terrible! It seems like those animations would be used in a cliclé cartoon rather than a video game that's supposed to be something like Mega Man. I would say I prefered fire and explosions from the classic NES games, and that's really saying something. The graphics for the floor get much worse as you turn down your settings, but I couldn't notice a difference in anything else, really.PreformanceThis game runs really badly for me. Even if all of my settings are turned all the way down to low, I can't play this game without getting lag spikes every five seconds. That gets extremely annoying after a while. My computer isn't bad, because I can run Grand Theft Auto 5 much better than I can run this game. Optomization of this game could be much better. If this was my only issue, I would buy it on Xbox One or something and play it there, but it isn't.GameplayI really hate the gameplay in this game. When you first start, it feels like it'll be like a classic Mega Man game, except for the guy in the lab coat standing right in front of you. I have no idea how he didn't die, considering the streets we're running on are being invaded by robots of all shapes and sizes. Enemies are harder than ever to kill, which wouldn't be much of a problem, except for the fact that you have two not very efficent options of getting rid of them. You can either shoot at the robots until they just die, or you can dash into them (when they're ""stunned,"" mind you) to get rid of them. I hate this so much. It seems pointless to just keep shooting at them, but it's even worse when you have to run directly at them to kill them. What game does that? What game? Another issue I have is the grunts your character makes when you fall off of a box. You grunt when you land from a box? A FREAKING BOX?! Seriously! I'm a human being, and I don't grunt in pain when I jump off of something that's a few inches above my height. This guy is a cyborg. It shouldn't hurt him to land, much less off of a box that's only a few inches taller than him. This game removed the slide as well as charging up the buster, and those two options would have been very helpful.StorySo, basically, robotics have advanced greaty over the years, which was just perfect when the world fell into chaos and panic, because they were used to keep everything in order! So, people were getting stressed out and stuff because of ""peace keeping measurements"" (which was basically just bringing in robots), and someone decided to start a ""Battle Colosseum."" I mean, I can't really see how on earth this would help, but okay, let's just go with it. So, Dr. White (Ha Ha) created 9 robots to battle in this event, and they all placed very highly. To nobody's surprise, an act of cyber terror was unleashed, and nearly all the robots went rogue. They then took over the world. Original story. Anywho, the virus continues to spread, and somehow, Beck, AKA Mighty No. 9, remains unaffected. I don't know either. He was the ""weakest link"" and now the fate of the world rests on him. Fun times. To be honest, I didn't really care for the story.Notes and GripesOne thing I hate about this game is the lack of keyboard support. On the main menu, the game only displays the controller controls, which leads me to believe it would take me a while to learn the keyboard controlls, assuming they aren't displayed in-game.Recommendation: Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,314710,24149308,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,barbolanero,"I've read a lot of negative reviews about this game, And sadly, they are mostly true. The game fails to be what's it was meant to be, fails to innovate to anywhere near fun and mostly, it's poorly designed. It's like you just need to either guess where all the pink spikes are or simply just die. That's not a challenge, that's bad level design. I'm extremely dissapointed since we're not getting what the funding, the money, the time and the experience should've delivered. At most, this should cost 5 bucks. Don't buy it at any other price. It's a waste of money."
,Recommended,314710,30389088,Posted: 8 March,all,Show_Key,"Foreword, Megaman X8 is one of my favorite games of all time. So I'm biased.I would recommend this game to fans of Megaman and fans of the genre, or anyone that likes a fast-paced challenge but still has the patience to power through the creator's design flaws.If you're not cynical, not a MM diehard, and not a backer, YOU WILL ABSOLUTELY ENJOY THIS GAME(If you got it on sale).Here's what the game does right:+Classic Megaman stage selection and ability-copying! This was all I wanted out of this game, and they did it right, so it was enough to earn my recommendation.Colorful people, colorful places, colorful you! Non-linear progression in fine form+Classic Megaman jump-n-gun playstyle and platforming elements!ITS AS HARD AS YOU REMEMBER IT, EXCEPT DIFFERENT!+New dash-combat mechanic! This was very fresh. The player, Beck, has the unique ability to absorb enemies that he disables in normal combat, removing them much faster. This was all really fun!Like a game you loved, practically like new!+Point system and combos! Typically, this sort of thing would have absolutely no appeal to me. It adds nothing to the actual gameplay, however it does make big moments feel much more satisfying.Arbitrary point system makes you feel good!Here's what the game did wrong:-Performance.This needs to be my issue #1, because while I did enjoy the game, I had to play it on my gaming rig when I wanted to play it on my laptop, which isn't even particularly low-spec. It lagged furiously throughout the settings screen while I was changing everything to minimum, even distorting the resolution couldn't make the game anywhere near playable from my laptop. Once I had it installed on my rig, I set a timer to clock the rest of the 2 hours I had remaining. I was VERY VERY READY to refund.Play it on a gaming computer, or you wont be playing it at all.-The art.No where near remotely close to where it should have been, considering the budget. Colorful enough, sure, but features look as deep as a cheap sticker and some of the models are just plain stupid. Stupid enough to jarringly disturb the fun you've had to fight for.Not enough to fatally wound the game, but certainly not as healthy as it should have been.-Readability.Enemy and ally projectiles alike are constantly overlapping with regular textures and aesthetic effects. Tends to make combat more difficult at times than it needs to be, but not super often throughout the game.Pyro and Trinity were bad enough to make me want to put the game down. The purple turbine fans in Dyna's stage were disgusting.On rare occassions, the visuals become more of a threat than the enemies or hazards-The Difficulty.""Difficulty"" being a friendly way to put ""Lots and lots of cheap deaths."" Ledge snaps fail often. During platforming-only areas, hazards have have a tendency to grow invisble hitboxes, resulting in cheap deaths and excessive swearing. Combat and Bosses were 50/50 for appropriately telegraphed attack patterns / no visible way to overcome this phase 2. It typically did a good job, though, of letting you know when phases were changed.Level designs so spontaneously unforgiving, it's sloppy.-The Voice Acting.This is at best a personal grudge, perhaps. The dialogue scripts left a lot A LOT to be desired, and the execution of few, rare lines are so, so, so very poor. ""Oh, I guess this murder machine is a 9-year old pretending to be batman."" This qualm is low on the list, though, because occassionally they got it right enough to make me smile.Particularly Avi and Cryo. Ray's was the worst, no contest.C'mon! Snap out of it...now!-The MusicSo forgettable I almost forgot to mention it was forgettable."
76561198095228172,Not Recommended,314710,28700686,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HazmatMatt4121,"I hardly make reviews but this game was terriblr. the game is laughably easy so the developers include a million ways to insta die. So if the comabt also sucks, why not just buy a goof platformer instead?"
,Not Recommended,314710,23695624,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,alterEgo,dont buy this please
76561198137891230,Not Recommended,314710,24027371,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chuck Taylor,I tried to like this game.  I wanted to like this game...Mighty #9 seems to weak on bosses and just doesnt have a fun feel to the game.  I would rather load up mega man X then to continue playing this garbage.
76561197995195831,Not Recommended,314710,24006484,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Favillanatus,"I went into MN9 like alot of people, hoping for something like a modern Mega Man from a legend in the industry.  I was sorely disapointed.  Check the bottom for a summary if you aint got time for my ranting.Let me get a few of my biggest beefs out of the way.1: This is NOT Mega Man.While MN9 has some similar basic aspects to the blue bomber, it stands seperatly but still trapped in its shadow.  Namely there is no wall jumping from the X series and no standard charge shot to take out larger enemies, at least not that I found.  The wall jumping I can understand, but when I'm trying to keep a flow going and I need to stop to peck at my enemies with a pea shooter the game can become a slog early on.2: The assimilation mechanic is MN9's biggest strength and weakness.MN9 (or Beck) can absorb enemies by dashing into them after weakening them to gain additional score points and buffs.  The buffs can be useful increasing speed, filling a standby healing tank (somewhat like Mega Man's sub tanks), or granting you a flame shot that passes through enemies.  Since it can be used to more quickly eliminate enemies, this mechanic encourages you to charge directly into them, even while they are still functional and attacking.  Couple this with my next point.3:  Healing items are rare and assimilation does not heal.  Mega Man X had a great rhythem of shooting enemies to grab health and keep moving.  MN9 from my experience only drops healing items at checkpoints, which drop more aids the more you die.  So while I was charging into enemy fire and taking damage near constantly I wouldnt get to heal untill much later if at all.4. The learning curve is too sharp for new players and borderline for vetarans.  Some sections can turn the game into a bullet hell.  Mighty Number 1's level had a section with so many enemies in the foreground and background that realistically dodging it all was just infuriating.  It was near impossible to get through remotely unscathed.  Sometimes the platforming can bring your flow to a screaching halt and other times borders on just unfair.  Every level had a point where I went from a smooth flow to a controller dropping brick wall way too quickly.  I never felt like the game was teaching me to master it, only that it was trying to get in my way.5. Characters are WAY too chatty.  The most anoying sin of the late Mega Man games lives on.  That's all I have to say.With MN9's budget, pedigree, numerous delays, and general fan expectation it was almost doomed to fail.  At the very least it is not a total failure.  It's just.....meh.  To quote the game's designer ""it's better than nothing.""  In the generation of Shovel Knight, Axiom Verge, and Undertail ""better than nothing"" just doesn't cut it.  At the very least it made me dust off my old Mega Man X cartridge."
76561198025468353,Not Recommended,314710,24113934,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WigWam,"I'm sure most of you have already heard numerous opinions on this game, almost all of them being negative.  Well I'm sad to confirm that all those people were correct.  The worst thing about Mighty No. 9 isn't broken controls, because they do work.  It's not the voice acting or writing although those are both half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  No the worst part about this game is it's just not fun.  It feels like the creator of megaman is just fully out of ideas.  Theres nothing original, game changing, or envelope pushing here at all.  And for 4 million dollars and 3 years of development, that's just not good enough.Full Video review fo those interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2JHwRtzIzE"
76561198000903121,Not Recommended,314710,29513563,Posted: 26 January,all,Tasl,"Comparing it to a megaman game it falls short at multiple hurdles.Judging it on its own merits... it makes you button mash until you physically hurt.I love the megaman series.  In this version they seem to have added new features that take away from the fun (dash to kill/remove a shield after doing enough damage) while removing features that made the megaman great (wall climbing, charge blast so you don't NEED a turbo controller) and just all around ugh.I played 2 levels before I just didn't want to bother anymore.  Both levels I played had instant death sections which were always the least fun of the normal megaman games, but appear to be a staple of this series.I wanted to like this game but I definitely understand now why it has been so poorly received."
,Not Recommended,314710,23696397,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Troa,I'd probably enjoy this game if my controller didn't stop working after 30 mins...
,Not Recommended,314710,23697847,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"""A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.""  -Shigeru MiyamotoYeah, you can forget about that with this one.Where do I begin?  The controls are clunky and inconsistent, the boss fights are either way too easy or completely unfair, dialogue boxes pop up more than Windows 10 notifications, and the score system leaves you not caring about it after dying multiple times from your character suddenly deciding not to grab onto the same ledge that he was holding onto five seconds earlier.  What a mess.  It's simply not fun right now and just plain annoying.Also, apparently the game director presented this by saying ""It's better than nothing"".  Which is the saddest excuse for a game promotion that I've ever heard of.  That's what lazy kids say after turning in a half completed homework assignment to their teacher.TL;DR Mighty No. 9?  More like Mighty-as-well-go-play-something-else."
76561198003296631,Not Recommended,314710,23709231,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Tofu,"The game has serious FPS issues that make it unplayable, apart from the dull graphics and extremely long time it took to launch on steam since it became available. I am totally disappointed with this game and will ask for a refund as soon as possible and you should too, if you bought this abomination."
,Not Recommended,314710,23693851,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JasperNeils,"Would not recommend. Not fun, not interesting."
,Recommended,314710,27871893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zeigy,I love this game. I've played all the Mega Man X games from the Super Nintendo and this game does not disappoint. Classic difficulty and classic cheesy character development; just the way I remember my Nintendo games. I'm looking forward to a sequel. It's shameful how inaccurate the overall review score is now and I should never have relied on it to delay my purchase until now.
,Not Recommended,314710,23732606,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Supreme Foosball Sex Offender,"This may just be me, but i cant even get to pyrogen because of the insane knockback on taking damageEDIT: k i finally beat Pyrogen, but i dont think that the first level after the tutorial should take ~2 hoursEither im just bad, or the game is unnaturally hard :/"
76561198114305382,Not Recommended,314710,24014716,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DADDY,I'm the one who play this game because i  love to play megaman game series .I don't recommend you to play this game because you love the magaman game serise because IT'S NOT MAGAMAN GAME ANYMORE .The lot of reason that I love megaman game serise I can't found in this game. BUT if you don't know the megaman game serise it ok to play this game it also very funny (and very hard).PS. Sorry if my English is bad
,Not Recommended,314710,23743973,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jstymie,"For me, there is absolutely no reason to play this game when I could fire up Mega Man Legacy Collection instead.  I lasted 30 minutes with MIghty No 9, and I'm just done -- I don't care if it's only 3-4 hours long, that's still way too long to waste on this.Even if you look past the terrible voice acting, ridiculously long pauses for single-word lines (that can't be advanced unless you skip the entire scene), and reports of bugs... it's just not a fun game.  I only played through the first two stages, but the level and boss design in both was atrocious.  Beck's response is a bit sluggish, and the dash-to-kill mechanic is a lot less fun in practice (especially when  you have two enemies stacked back to back).Maybe some people will find what they're looking for in Mighty No 9, but there are way too many good games out to waste even 4 hours on Mighty No 9 for me."
,Not Recommended,314710,29122243,Posted: 8 January,all,Liverpool,this game is so frustrating. the nes version of megaman is easier compare to this game
76561197961167133,Recommended,314710,34745057,Posted: 4 September,all,d1ngleberry,"I don't get all the hate for this game, it's not a bad game at all. Looking at a lot of reviews and watching people complain on youtube everyone is complaining about nit picky things. That and they don't seem to like the brutal and unforgiving nature of this game and expect their hand to be held. Fire up Rockman/Megaman 1, 2 and 3 on the NES and see how much forgiveness and hand holding you get.I think Comcept and Inti Creates did a good job on Mighty No. 9, is it the greatest thing since sliced bread? No. Is Mighty No 9 bad? Far from it. As mentioned above, it's unforgiving, brutal and you're going to die. You will get frustrated, you will get angry, it will challenge you and Mighty No. 9 will not play fair. Welcome to how gaming used to be. You people only adopted the darkness, but people like me were born in it, we were molded by it and your new shiny games with the l33t graphics that what to hold our little hands like we were pretty pink princesses make us want to hurl.Rant over, I am done. If you enjoy a good old fashioned challenge then pick this game up.EDIT: I played on the Linux version at 4k with the open source Radeon drivers and Mighty No. 9 performed flawlessly."
76561198076793066,Not Recommended,314710,23714988,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kingpendragon,"The graphics aren't bad, althought they are confusing sometimes, making it hard to notice what is on the foreground or the background. The chars not moving their mouths at all in a fully voice-acted game is just a plain lazy design choice.The main mechaninc of the game of shooting and dashing could be good, but lack of attack options at the start makes so that you can only fight one ene at a time: if you don't absorb an enemy, it still stop bullets, so your choices are either ignoring the dash and lose the bonus or coming close and getting exposed to other enemies you couldn't hit before. Basically, it's a shooting game that forces you have to hug your enemies to death. A strong short range attack or a charged shot could have made the mechanic work much more smoothly.My number one cause of death is hitting those purple insta-kill spikes. Most of time, because they were out of the screen when I jumped or because a small attack bumped me onto one. The plataforming sections come out as cheap because of that.Right now, the game doesn't recognize XInput (X-Box) controlers, but works fine with DInput. The controls can only be configured on the ingame pause menu (not on the main menu), which is an unimportant but annoying.Overall, for a game delayed almost a year, it still has a lot of obvious problems that should have been solved before release."
76561198058114482,Not Recommended,314710,23709126,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ShadowDancer,"I waited a long time for this game. I was excited that it was going to be a homage to Megaman. But you know what? This game is a shameful display. If it was going to be a homage to Megaman, it's sorely lacking in the energy and challenge that Megaman poses. Sure, the main character Beck can look like Megaman and Call can look like Roll, but other than that the only other shared feeling to Megaman is the fact it's a side scrolling platformer. It's bland. I'm sure it has some fun bits but the fact that the dlc is broken and that the game won't download on a few people's computers as well as a number of other things makes me wish it got scrapped and remade. This game isn't worth the  4 million dollars that went into funding the game. The 4 million that came out of the peoples' pockets. To tell us 'It's better than nothing' is shameful. 4 million dollars went to fund this game and it's a poor excuse for the poor job that was done on this game. Next time, don't do two games at once. All the effort should have been put into Mighty No 9, and Red Ash shouldn't have been announced so soon on kickstarter. I have no faith in Comcept after this. Don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,314710,23708948,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Egregious,"I would love to say how much I enjoyed this game, but to put it simply, there is nothing to enjoy.To me, this game did not feel like a labor of love or the next incarnation of a legacy.  It didn't feel like something the creator wanted to do.  It felt like a connect-the-dots, paint-by-number affair.  The animation for dialogue was non-existent, figures seemed lifeless, and while games in the Mega Man series were never plot heavy, they at least gave a reason why the main character was attempting to complete his mission.This felt like a first year game design student's homework assignment."
,Not Recommended,314710,23700078,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Maxy89c,"Trailer Drake put it best, ""Mighty No. 9 is not a bad game, but not a good one either.  It feels like an e-Shop or early DS title.  It's Mega Man, but also not."""
,Not Recommended,314710,23738880,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zetric,"Absolute, complete and total garbage. Might as well have thrown my money down the sewers."
,Not Recommended,314710,23760532,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Astalavista,"You know, I almost liked this game. It's a good looking game, and pretty fun at first. But the poor level design combined with the idea of ""Game Over"" took the fun away. It's just stupid to force the player to replay the whole (stupid) level after run out of lives. What's the problem with checkpoints?Too much punishment, so little rewards. It's simply frustrating.Do I recommend this game? I really want to, but not for now.Update: I've just found out that we can start the level with up to 9 lives (2 by default), it's in the options. This way, you can minimize the permanent death, though it doesn't change the pain when that unfair bosses' moves insta-kill you.Update 2: Never before in my life, I really wanted to punch my screen!With expectation that at some point I might be able to enjoy this game, I was continuing the game with an open mind. But, oh no, it keeps frustrating! Eg. 0.1 second difference in how long you press the jump button is a matter of life and death.The boss difficulties are not escalating from the easist to the hardest, you'll find middle level bosses are easier than the earlier level bosses. It feels like it's made separately by different team with their own mind and they don't know each other.Why Inafune-san, why.. I really wanted to love this game, but the more I play it, the more I hate it."
76561198025270633,Not Recommended,314710,26041907,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gurrnak,"Got the game on sale. Still not sure if it was worth it.A few issues I have:The framerate is all over the placeThe particle effects and art rarely match hitboxesCore mechanics like ledge grab-ability and jump height seem to vary at randomStory is aggressively genericVoice acting is terrible and dialogue is bland at bestKeyboard support is limitedAudio/Visual settings can't be changed in gameControl settings can't be changed out of gameBeyond those, the gameplay is spectacularly unforgiving. I know that's kinda central to games of this genre, but the problem is, all the technical issues above make everything so much more frustrating than it should be. I don't feel like putting in the effort to overcome the challenges of the level is worth it since 7/10 of my deaths are at the hands of, for example, falling pillars that haven't touched my character model, or an insta kill from a boss that again, never made contact with my character.If you're not riding a major Megaman nostalgia high, I can't see how this game would be fun for anyone for very long. As I've never played any of the Megaman games, I shall conclude my first ever review, and not play this anymore.Edit: Formatting"
,Not Recommended,314710,23708202,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SleepyStar☆,"Last year if someone told me I'd be disappointed by this game, i wouldnt believe them.But wow.. Its just not good..Blatant performance issues, visuals that dont looks good even for 3ds, and just not a great game.I was looking forward to this for a few years and was so excited to play it.Unfortunatly its nothing like I expected and i regret backing it."
76561198166771313,Not Recommended,314710,24816660,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,dstreet319,"I didn't back this on Kickstarter cause I just didn't have the ability to do so and I was really looking forward to this game. I'm not a diehard fan of Mega Man by any means but I do love the series and hoped that this game would be a good successor. However... with the controversy this game caused and the issues it has that I will talk about, so far this the most disappointing game of 2016 so far for me.Quick note: I'm not gonna talk about the controversy around this game cause I'm sure you all know about it.Now the quick answer if this is a good successor to Mega Man or not: yes but mostly no...The game has some elements of the original Mega Mans where you play through a level to get to the boss battle and you will get a new weapon as well as the shooting and platforming feels like Mega Man. But thats pretty much end of the good elements I can say about this game sadly...Graphics: Now you should know that this game had a HUGE downgrade in the art style. It went from a really cool looking platforming game with modern graphics to an ugly Saturday morning cartoon looking game with Dreamcast and PS2 graphics. All the character models look ugly and cheaply made honestly, sometimes the stages may look pretty but for the most part they don't look groundbreaking.Gameplay: My biggest issues with the gameplay is the fact the game is really dependent on the dash mechanic. Since the game encourages you to get a really high score for each level and getting a good rank reguires you to use the dash on every enemy and boss. If I recall Mega Man games did have a dash move in some of his games but was never pushed it down your throat! Another big issue is the difficulty... now I'm like the biggest fan of the SoulsBorne series and I'm all for a challenging game. However MIghty No. 9's difficulty is at the point where its really annoying and frustrating. Some of the levels are just badly designed with terrible enemy placements that will cause you to fall on objects that will instantly kill you. Even some boss battles have moves that will instantly kill you and its really hard to tell what they are going to do and gets really frustrating.Story: The characters and voice acting is very annoying that thank god they added a Japanese language option but its still fairly annoying at times. You aren't going to care about the story with a game like this, it will just be remembered as a game that apparently had a boring story that nobody cared about.Conclusion: So Mighty No. 9 is definitly not the Mega Man game that we wanted for years which is very disappointing since that was exactly what the developers wanted to achieve but they failed on a massive scale by making the game have extremely annoying difficultly, badly designed levels, ugly art style, and a dash mechanic that gets annoying to use as well. And on top of all the controversy this game will be forgotten game that the community went from really wanting this game to hoping that it fails cause the developers have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥us off... So I at least hoped that this would be a fun decent platforming game and have a good recommendation... but sadly its not, at the end of the day, Mighty No. 9 is a disappointing game that promised a lot for the community but ended up failing on a massive scale.Rating: 4/10"
76561198104061899,Not Recommended,314710,32796346,Posted: 25 June,all,Krullness,"Purchased and attempted to play, but after fighting with the setup to attempt to use a wired 360 controller for an hour an being unable to get it to work I gave up. All my other steam games picked up the controller fine and have no issues.EDIT: Finally got game to work after unplugging all other USB devices except mouse and controller.If your thinking this is the next era mega man you are sadly mistaken. This game punishes you for doing what it wants, its teaches you to go fast and absorb enemies for combo and score, the level designs on the other hand do not go hand in hand with this teaching. Unlike old school MM you dont get health upgrades or even usable refills that you can stock up. Instead your given a lotto chance to get a 1 time use health refill from enemies that is lost if you die, so if your trying to learn a boss fight and dont heal in time, you start fresh with no HP backup. No charge shots and the boss skills you aquire are hit and miss for fun/function. On the plus side they do auto refill over time.Killing bosses requires you to beat them so far down and then absorbing the damage, otherwise they heal back up. Sadly half the time you cant tell when you can absorb so you end up dashing in and hurting yourself, this isi especially true on final boss. If your looking for a game that reminds you of old school MM go with Mighty Gunvolt Burst (this producer helped along with the other original MM producer).If you want a very challenging and frustrating game that requires alot of memorizing patterns and repeated attempts then this is for you."
,Recommended,314710,29154492,Posted: 9 January,all,johnboyzear,"I recommend this game to those that grew up on the 8-bit spiritual predecessor of Beck.I miss the disappearing/reappering blocks and hard-hats, otherwise, it feels right to me.  I'm not sure how I feel about the dash-to-absorb mechanic.  I preferred the old energy tank (or, gasp, sub-tank) idea.  The crouch-dash is an annoying mechanic that is only utilized to effect in one section of the game that I've come across.  Switching between weapons is a bit cumbersome at first.  Seems that most of the characters (besides the might numbers) all have their ""announcer"" voice on, which is off-putting.The game runs smooth.  The colors are vibrant throw-backs to a time lost.  The music and sounds are spot on.  I like the addition of previously defeated foes showing up to help out in certain levels.  The weapons (both learned and picked up) are creative and fresh.  The level design is just the right amount of length without feeling like a slog.So, again, if you grew up on (not causally played) the blue bomber, I highly recommend this game.  If you didn't play or only casually played, back in the day, try to appreciate the ""old-school"" physics and/or mechanics.Give me more, Comcept!"
76561198078882376,Not Recommended,314710,30458819,Posted: 11 March,all,Comedian Esq.,"I don't know if there's much else I can say that the other reviews haven't said.First of all, the game is challenging. That's fine, in and of itself. When the challenge is an option. But it isn't. It's almost like Dark Souls in that regard. If you're playing for fun, be prepared to get absolutely nowhere because if you aren't a perfect player you will be punished for imperfection.That's not even exaggerating. There are places where (and this in in the first nonm-tutorial level) if you do ANYTHING less than perfect, you get instakilled. No second chances.Essentially, it's not a user friendly game. It just isn't. And, personally, I believe that is the first thing a game should strive to be. This one doesn't."
76561198077221008,Not Recommended,314710,23754522,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ziene,"What a dissapointment..  I really hoped for a good megaman spiritual successor, but this is just bad..It looks like megaman, but plays nothing like it, unlimited air dashes and a focus on getting score and points..  Who cares about score?  Crappy level design, crappy enemies and crappy mecanics forcing you to dash thru enemies to kill them.."
,Not Recommended,314710,24046245,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sonic1992,Its Bad
,Recommended,314710,34802964,Posted: 7 September,all,Porotinho,"I was searching a game which can give me Megaman X's nostalgia. It's not perfect, but after played it I can say: Mission clear."
,Recommended,314710,29307806,Posted: 16 January,all,Methrael,"For all the hate this game received, I just don't see it.  The learning curve is a bit unforgiving at times, but hey, so was Mega Man (the original, not so much the X series).  The dash-to-destroy mechanic was frustrating at times, but it eventually felt something close to natural.  I do feel the powerup system could have been streamlined a bit better (Select the power using the shoulder buttons, then Y to change form?  Clunky...), and the QA team REALLY messed up on catching the issue I ran into of crashing the game after every 2 stages (THAT part I really can't defend), but otherwise the game is pretty good.'5 years in the making' good?  No.  But still, pretty good."
76561197997200379,Not Recommended,314710,29091142,Posted: 7 January,all,Timba,"I thought it would get better, and now I want my lifetime back."
76561198012645599,Recommended,314710,27757115,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,icemanblues,"I really like this game, and it borders on love this game. The gameplay, the level design, the voice acting are all excellent and exactly fitting for this genre.I'm a big mega man fan and this game delivered. I hope there is a sequel and an animated series.It is unfortunate that the expectations were too high and the hype train went out of control. It isn't perfect, but it is mighty!I'd give it a 3.5 or 4 out of  5. I am really impressed."
,Not Recommended,314710,23689663,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Belldandy,I can not defend this game anymore this game is pure crapCons:-Levels can go from being fun to extreamly difficult in matter of mins for every level and dont really get any satisfation from completing it-Voice Acting-Fact that there isnt any Pros about this gameDon't buy this game go play Mega Man X
,Not Recommended,314710,23729835,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,AquarianRosé,Mediocre No.5.6
,Recommended,314710,34532958,Posted: 27 August,all,Harmo,this is not the best game i've played so far by any mean but it's an ok 2D side scroller still.not as much as expected and i understand why many are disapointed about the whole thing but it's a decent and challenging game that gets the job done at least if you look past all its flaws. wheter you want to play it or not is completely up to you but it's hard to reccomend to everyone unless you're a fan of this genre and don't mind investing a bit of your time into it but i'll say you're better off playing mega man instead if you're expecting the classic mega man gameplay out of this game.
,Not Recommended,314710,23759374,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,8-bit,"Hi there, looking for a megaman game? Look elsewhere."
76561198051295313,Not Recommended,314710,23693614,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Etredal,"Does not feel like a complete game, the graphics are not good and so far it is not that fun"
76561198017440770,Not Recommended,314710,31854771,Posted: 20 May,all,Devowra,Failed to bring me the joy of old megaman games. Voice acting and level design did not entertain me
76561198036879007,Not Recommended,314710,24013121,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Miiko™,This game really sucks.Gameplay is just terrible.Do not buy this game.
76561198347422543,Not Recommended,314710,29134641,Posted: 8 January,all,juniam123,i am the fan of megaman but this is the worst so much.if you love megaman. do not play itvery bad game
76561198044966679,Not Recommended,314710,23769946,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Travboo,Were you a fan of the original Mega Man games?  Then this is not for you.  They took everything that was great about Mega Man and didn't include it.  Many frustrating spots where you can't see what is below you so your drop down and die to the hidden spike pit.  Feels like it was not playtested.  Save your money for something better.
76561198137334970,Not Recommended,314710,23715305,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jawsh,"Got to say it is a let down, i will beat it, just because it's a small reminder of the Megaman games i played growing up.I think it's time for Old game developers to move aside and let the current generation take the reins, they're millions of die hard fans that could of made a tribute game better than this with the funding he recieved.honestly the 25th annveresry megaman they released is better than this.check out gunvolt, indi game that's better than this ( megaman inspired)^ not a plug, i'm not endorsed by them at all."
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,314710,23750056,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,koinzell,the game is buggy with a sansitive character movementsthe FPS slows when you dashand some of those cheeze looking fire damages youif you stand somewhere near themand i tried playing low/med/high setting and non of them fixed this crapand if your in an area that require you to dashits going to lag on you cusing an Instant Deathand everything that hits you reduce your health near deathand cheep instant death traps everywhere and it can be really annoying then fun.
76561198068863870,Recommended,314710,27595256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ultimerce,It's not that bad. :)
76561198077553238,Recommended,314710,24033097,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Innate,"The game is not horrible, but not super awesome, either. A large amount of people who keep parroting some other reviewers, saying that it's a completely horrible game and should avoid it like the plague, are just over exaggerating, plain and simple. It has some good stage designs and soundtracks, as well as some good comedy (Avi, anyone?). However, the graphics, as well as the English voice acting, could've been much better. Being the first installment, I'm sure the team behind Mighty No.9 will learn from their past mistakes, and deliver a much better product should there be a second installment. Everyone deserves a second chance, and those guys are no exception.﻿"
,Recommended,314710,30367879,Posted: 6 March,all,Vile,"From what I played so far, I don't understand all the hate this game is getting.  Is it similar to Mega Man?  Yes.  Is it Mega Man?  No.  I am a HUGE MM and MMX fan.  They were the games I grew up to.  Trying to compare this game to either will be your downfall.  Are there some things that can be improved on?  Absolutely.  Some of the level designs feel unfinished and I  wish you were able to wall jump like in MMX.  Although, the way a majority of MM fanboys were condemning this game an abortion is quite ignorant.  I am enjoying my time with this platformer.  It's challenging, has similarities to MM, and has a couple new additions that I find interesting such as the point system and absorbing enemies for combos etc etc...All in all, I bought this game on sale for 66% off.  I definitely recommend it for anyone who is into platformers or want something similar to MM.  Again, while it may not be the Blue Bomber, it's still doing a good enough job in satisfying my thirst for some platformer gaming."
,Not Recommended,314710,33994825,Posted: 3 August,all,spicytuna,"The Good:Mighty No. 9 has some challenging levels and creative boss battles. There’s a ton of replay value with the varying difficulty options of the main campaign along with all the extra challenge stages.The Bad:Being just shy of mediocre, Mighty No. 9 doesn’t quite scratch the Mega Man itch, so keep your expectations in check if you buy this game. I hated how entirely essential Beck’s dash is in the game; its necessity at all times, including during boss battles, is the game’s most unfun aspect—just let me blow up robots, dammit! The game does a very poor job of showing you Beck’s new abilities when you inherit boss powers: it pukes a picture collage onto your screen instead of actually demonstrating the cool new things. Also, IhatedCountershade’s stage, it was utterly annoying having to run back and forth to catch him.The Physically and/or Emotionally Unattractive:The voice acting is not good. Not good at all."
,Recommended,314710,29114747,Posted: 8 January,all,[STaB]@BLeeP,"It's Megaman. It's not Megaman 2 or Megaman X3, but it is Megaman. The game's biggest sin is probably the lack of difficulty. That's not to say the game doesn't have hard points, but they are few and far between and are actually quite jarring when they hit because everything else is pretty breezy. At the end of the day, separated from all the Kickstarter controversy and hype, Mighty No. 9 is a decent game to grab on the cheap and kill an afternoon with."
76561198130366467,Recommended,314710,27558644,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chefknives,Love the game.  Been waiting for this for a couple years
,Recommended,314710,29029289,Posted: 5 January,all,[THY] HOLY MUSHROOM,"If you don't care about the Kickstarter drama and just want to know if the game is fun, this review is for you.Mighty No.9 is a solid 8/10 platform game. It has it's kinks, but is overall fun to play once you figure things out. The game is somewhat of a cross between classic megaman gameplay and the ZX Advent games that were released for Nintendo DS later. It pays homage to classic megaman in that there is no walljump and the characters look/feel like classic megaman anime characters. ( Protip: Turn on Japanese audio! ). It's similar to ZX advent in that Beck doesn't just gain new weapons from beating bosses, but absorbs their form. This is a nice decision as many of the forms have more to them than just a simple energy buster replacement, such as changes to dash or the ability to helicopter into the air. One form even lets you play as a makeshift ""Zero"" with a sword and various blade abilities. Graphics wise, it's a Playstation 2 game in HD -comparable to Megaman X8.The biggest upside to Mighty No.9 is the gameplay. They didn't just straight copy megaman but tried to add an additional spin by letting you dash through enemies to destroy them, gaining buffs as you do so. You can also simply shot enemies until they die ( A few extra hits after you stun them with make them explode ) if you want. Absorbing multiple enemies in a row ramps up combos for higher score. Dashing feels fun and fluid and is the prime enjoyment factor to the game. Getting combos is fun. Rushing through stages is satisfying. Controls are smooth and the multiple forms add plenty of variety. The core of Megaman is in the game where it counts. Oh, and it's actually just as difficult too. Expect NES difficulty levels if you want to try hardmode.Unfortunately, there are a few problems. For one, the level design isn't always top polish. Most of the levels are enjoyable, but a few made me raise an eyebrow at times. Luckily the solid gameplay somewhat alleviates the times were silly/repetitive level design becomes annoying, and again most of the game is fine. Another problem is that a lot of the extra features feel unnecessary. They should have focused more on the main game than these silly EX modes, and that may be where the biggest problem of Mighty no9 lies: Comcept overreached. They tried to cram too many different ideas and Easter eggs into the game all under an everchanging budget and regularly chaotic schedule. The result is that the game just isn't as high of quality as it could be. Mighty no9 is a solid above average game, but it certainly had the potential to be as good as it was promised to be. And that's the big downer with this game. It's enjoyable, but you can't help but see the wasted potential in many different aspects.Overall, this is a decent game. Maybe a bit overpriced but still good. It's unfortunate that the unrealistic expectations and drama caused by the Kickstarter mess and multiple delays resulted in this game feeling overhyped. Many of the poor reviews are likely due to people overjudging Mighty no9 based on the problems faced in development. People were led to expect a masterpiece, and instead Comcept delivered a game that while good...just isn't a masterpiece. If you buy Mighty no.9 knowing what to expect, it's good fun. Had it only been slightly better and with less developer delays, we would be seeing many sequels."
,Not Recommended,314710,34027925,Posted: 4 August,all,AversionFX,"After 4+ years of anxiously waiting for the spiritual successor to Mega Man, I played for 26 minutes. Every one of those twenty-six minutes was full of Playstation 2 era graphics, atrocious ""voice acting,"" awful music and completely uninspired (and unexplained) gameplay. Even after finishing the opening level, I have absolutely no idea why I should be dashing through enemies instead of killing them.In 26 minutes the game made me hate the cast of characters, and since I'm going to be refunding the game the second I finish posting this, I will make it up in my mind that the villains win. Good on them.I don't know what game the positive reviewers were playing, but I somehow doubt it was this one."
,Recommended,314710,34041474,Posted: 5 August,all,N0Lif3,"It's a fun game, you dash through the levels at Sonic speeds and blow things up. The game looks nice, great sound, and the controls are great. I've beaten the game numerous times.I actually would really like to play a Mighty No 9 sequel."
,Not Recommended,314710,30353353,Posted: 6 March,all,RainBow CHICKEN( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),wish i could get my money back
,Recommended,314710,34070191,Posted: 6 August,all,t h e  c h a d,"Buy a PC Controller before purchasing Mighty No.9Mighty No.9 is a decent Megaman game.It has some problems, like the achievements, and challenge 36, challenge 36 is just disgusting.The game has nice graphics, and with that I meant it fits the game.The controls are OK. Don't play it on a Keyboard, just don't.The bosses are cool, Avi is the best.The game has Steam Trading Cards, and that's nice.The achievements are stupid and horrible.The challenges are also stupid and horrible.The Online Races and Co-Op are unplayable because there are no players.I rate the game 8/10. It has many problems but they're not going to make it unplayable.Very fun and worth the money."
,Recommended,314710,34557910,Posted: 28 August,all,Flat is Justice,I love this game!nice story!Beck dash so good!and the blade is the power up in this game!(so much like zero)If there's more game mighty no.9i would love to buy it
76561198045901203,Recommended,314710,24007541,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,UltimateZero1780,"I actually really like this game.  I know people give it crap for not looking ""as good as it should"" or ""It doesn't feel like a Megaman game.""  I have been a Megaman fan since I first played it on the NES and I will be honest, Mighty No. 9 brought a fresh new take on the old formula.  Even though this game went through development hell due to delays and restrictions, I highly recomend you give it a shot before you listen to all the bad reviews this game gets.As a huge Megaman fan I can point out a few games that I believe Mighty No. 9 is better than in my opinion:Megaman X7Megaman X8Megaman 64 (the legends port on the 64, keep in mind I do like legends).Megaman 5While I will play all of these games and enjoy them to some degree, I believe Mighty No. 9 is better than these games.  At a $20 price tage ($25 if you get the DLC which is also really good) this game is well worth it and has a great amount of content.  Do not let the hype ruin this game for you, it is well worth the try."
,Recommended,314710,29142028,Posted: 9 January,all,XSERCEL,"As the first attempt to revive the Megaman Series, this is a good start. Game is really hard, just like the Megaman series. Try playing it only with 3 lives. One thing that just really annoys me is the voice-over, in which does not give the essence of urgency in which should be felt."
76561198099773197,Recommended,314710,24160409,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KaityChameleon,"I'm gonna start this off by saying I'm not a hardcore Megaman fan (only been into the fandom for about 3 years now) and I've only played the tutorial level of Mighty Number 9.So, being that I'm not a long-time fan of Megaman, I can't speak for this game's success or failure as a spritual successor to Megaman, you'll have to get someone else's opinion if that's why you're intrested in this game. In terms of the game itself, it really isn't as bad as reviews would lead you to believe.But frustrating? Absolutely. I was playing the tutorial level on a keyboard and it gave no instruction on how to play the game that way, I was left trying to figure everything out for myself, which I can handle; before I left the first screen I knew how to move and jump. But then the first enemy showed up and I had no idea how to shoot and the instructions were no help. Turns out the shoot button was right click on the mouse. Maybe it's just because my laptop is old, but I found rapid fire diffiuclt (And sometimes it didn't shoot at all) unless I was using my wireless mouse. But needing one hand free for my mouse made everything else more difficult. Once you beat the tutorial, you can alter those settings, but I think those would have been handy to have BEFORE you start the game. Once I played through the same level with altered keys, it was significantly easier. And again, maybe it's because I only played the tutorial level, but I thought the game moved at a pretty good pace and felt pretty decent.Overall, I've give them game a 'meh' if that was an option; I don't love it, but I also don't dislike it enough to give it a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,314710,23771720,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dezolance,"Wasted potential and 4million dollars,but hey it's still better than nothing,wright?"
,Not Recommended,314710,23729153,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Exilion *discord*,It's frustating and repetitive. I should'nt have pre-ordered this game.
,Recommended,314710,27001338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Nielsen,"This Mega-man like game is excellent, but a tad bit short.However, the characters are very cute.Why this should get the steam prize:Because of the final boss, when defeated, needs a huge hug. She is pretty cute."
,Recommended,314710,23867272,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Demechi: 76,"Despite all the negativity this game has been given, I honestly love it. Some may say it's bad due to it apparently throwing everything that was frustrating and annoying from the old Mega Man games at you at the same time. But, honestly, that's what made the game challenging. This isn't in any way supposed to be an easy game. Playing through the game, I honestly felt a lot of nostalgia of how it was playing Mega Man when I was younger. I have absolutely no regret in pre-ordering this game. Now, if I can give one bit of ciriticism, however, I do have to admit that besides Beck and the other Mighty Numbers, the other characters just seemed kinda dull. But, to me, that's a small thing compared to the challenge and fun I had playing through the game."
76561197993928251,Recommended,314710,34376069,Posted: 20 August,all,Layzner,Try this game and not dissapoint like many people said.I've actually entertain with this game as same as Rockman/Megaman from the past.It's worth to spend money for me.
76561198050575531,Recommended,314710,30396756,Posted: 8 March,all,Th3StickMan,"This game is DIFFICULT! I won't lie I was irritatted with some boss fights, *cough*Avi*cough*.The Game is a lot of fun and the feeling of finally beating the nuts and bolts out of the bosses is a really great feeling!"
76561198086622144,Recommended,314710,31304576,Posted: 22 April,all,Deevo,"To provide another perspective, I've cleared Mighty No. 9 and loved it. Sure, it's not perfect, but it's definitely fun, was almost the perfect amount of challenge, and there were some great boss battles. Yeah, some levels were pretty bad and/or boring, but the overall experience, I think, is very much ""Mega Man"" I'd honestly put it in the same boat as a Mega Man 6 or Mega Man X3 or so. Not nearly as good as the better ones in the series, but definitely a good game and in the vein of Mega Man, for sure.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxvHj5EsMfI"
76561198089643890,Recommended,314710,24803219,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Corruptedkila,"Very enjoyable game. I had loads of fun with the stages, some obviously not so much but the boss battles were an entertaining challenge. The ReXelection was pretty fun to use, I personally favored Dyna, Bat, and Brand but all had their uses. Overall I would reccommend this game and don't let all the bad reviews get you discouraged it was an enjoyable experience all around. :D"
76561198071730795,Not Recommended,314710,23696138,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SnepBeck,"This game is by no means on the level of bad that some make it seem. However, there is no way I can justify spending $20 for it. This is NOT comparable to Mega Man, it is a different entity all together. I may buy this game again when it goes on sale for ~$10 USD. Overall, mediocre game and definitely not worth $20."
,Not Recommended,314710,26001910,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SuperRafiMan,"♥♥♥♥ this game, do not go near it."
,Recommended,314710,24218711,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fleet Wing,"I pre-ordered this game two years ago the day it was made available on Steam.And do I regret it? Nope. Not one bit.The game feels and controls like a mix of Megaman Classic and Megaman X, even with the Dash Combo System which was kinda fun once you get it down. Sure the abilities are a little bland at times, but that's nothing new for Megaman. The last megaman game to have practical uses for every ability was Mega Man X on the SNES.The boss designs are fun throwbacks to Classic Megaman, with bosses similar to Guts Man, Fire Man, Ice Man and many more. There's even Obvious Dr. Wily and Dr. Light (called ""Dr. White"" in this universe) much like Classic Megaman. Much like Classic Megaman however, there are no collectibles; the Goal is to get to the end and that's it.You may have noticed I keep comparing this game to Megaman, and the reason for that is that this basically is a Megaman Game. Sure it's made by a different studio, but it might as well be. You can Argue that this game doesn't deserve to be called a Megaman game, but neither does Megaman Starforce if you're worried about it differing from the Source, and this game is miles more faithful to the Source Material than Megaman Battle Network or Starforce.Besides, this game is ""Replayable as Hell"" as the trailer says. Just look at my hours on this game! 42+ hours later, and even every achievement. If you're passionate about Megaman, even liking the ""meh"" titles such as Megaman 4-5, 8, X3 or X6, you'll enjoy this game.A Solid 4/5"
76561198078655424,Recommended,314710,24529687,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ninjazilla the Gwizard,This game is what it wants to be......as we all know MN.9 is suposed to be a spiritual sucsses of the blue bomber MegaMan. I to my mined set have to say you cannt ever nail a game unless you make something almost exsactly the same. This is why I belive MN.9 is a bit more of a megaman game and more given it's dificulty and gameplay style. From a true fan of the man in blue I can honestly say this game is way more than just and average 2D side scrole game.
76561198027948336,Recommended,314710,23906366,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wero,"This is what fans ask for, a game like megaman, no more nor less, it´s quite good for an indie game and i didn´t get disapointed. I remember megaman 1 on nes playing it.I think this game has potential for a secuel, only some aspects need to polish and improve minor details.Megaman fans will not get disapointed."
76561198194820010,Recommended,314710,23964715,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,phie,"Big yes from me, after look at other review so many said not recomended but i still bought the game, and guess what im satisfied."
,Not Recommended,314710,23858713,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kalesyd,"As a seasoned MegaMan veteran, this game is way too hard even on normal. After waiting this long and to be greeted by what is a nice looking and easily likeable game, but with a difficulty that will turn off casual gamers. Point in case, the trajectory of the projectiles in the Mighty No2 stage mini boss battle, change trajectory. Cryo seems to have unbeatable attacks. I am put off by the escalation in difficulty from the first stage to the Might No stages and I doubt I am the only one."
,Recommended,314710,32455925,Posted: 15 June,all,Drek Stin,"A lot of people hat on this game due to the poor marketing, and all the delays that the game had received prior to launch, but it actually is a really fun game. Interesting levels, very interesting abilities and bosses, story is kind of meh, but that's not why you should be picking up this game anyway. The game does a really good job of changing things up from level to level, there are levels where you need to take your time and think about what you are going to do, other levels you are trying to move as quickly as possible. There is even a sneaking level, which I thought was really cool, and I did not expect it. Overall, this game is well worth $15, if you are a fan of Mega Man, there are a lot of things here to love, as well as a lot of references for you to pick up on. (The references kept me smiling)"
76561198207923261,Not Recommended,314710,23697952,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,jesusmanuel98,Terrible and boring
,Not Recommended,314710,23706081,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[TAW] Faelvrahn,"I am so disappointed. I've gotten more fun into 20XX than this in the short time I played it, and I waited for this so so eagerly onlyto find my excitement turned quickly into disappointment. I grew up playing Megaman, heck. My earliest childhod memory I can recall is playing Megaman and I've played each incarnation obessively. But now this is released and I am just heartbroken. I wanted to give this a coruscating review but I simply cant.Want a good Megaman Platform like game? 20XX is your game, this s not it even though it was made by Mr Inafune."
76561198086374139,Recommended,314710,24180996,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dhykzo_47,"well...at first i honestly don't expect much from this game, megaman can't be replaced ever...but what can we say when they decided to ""retire"" the megaman...but after long wait and finally played this game..i instantly fall in love with beck.. :Di won't compare them (megaman n beck) because for me, beck is beck..and megaman is megamanabout the gameplay... i think MN9 has slower response on the control.. so we need to adapt for it...graphic is fine ( i wonder why others reviewer said the dissapointed ) and the animation is cool..i love how beck changed shape when using exelection.. altough it's annoying, i love when beck try to stop on his feet after dashing and how he move his feet when hanging on the ledge.. it's kinda funny LOLnote : i still wish megaman will comeback :)"
76561198014069279,Recommended,314710,24389795,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Gigglepuss,"So i was reading all the negative reviews and so far i haven't noticed any of the complaints that people have. You can skip all the cutscenes( just press start) and people talking. Yes they will still talk while you are in a level, but its pretty easy to just tune out. And i haven't come across any ""Pixel Perfect"" jumps yet. Some jumps can be pretty tricky, but i havent come across anything even remotely undoable yet. And everybody that complains about the dash putting you in terrible positions.... Maybe they Don't realize you can cancel the dash early? If you just tap it, it will stop you as soon as you hit something. And i never get that feeling of ""i died because the game is broken""... I die because i'm bad, learn from the mistake, then realize how to not be bad and therefor stop dying.I was into platformers when i was growing up, never had access to any Mega Man games though, I've always liked the idea but, i Can't compare it to other mega man games.From a NON-MEGAMAN fan, i can say the game is a lot of fun, but its not a perfect clone i guess.The only legitimate CON that i have for this game, is that you only get single burst shots.Pros:-I personally like the graphics style, but i understand how it might not be for everybody.-I REALLY enjoy the dash mechanic. there is a lot you can do with it.-Getting combos feels very rewarding, especially when you get a 5man 100% combo.-Good mix of challenge, and the levels ramp up at a good speed. Nothing i've come across seems Unfairly hard or --rediculously easy.-The controls in this game are very responsive, makes pulling off precise aiming and stuff feel really smooth and actuallly enjoyable.-Also, this game is built to be played Fast. When you can get into the rythm of shooting and dashing, pulling off combos and figuring out how to position yourself, everything combines well and makes for very fun gameplay.OverallI don't have very much experience with Megaman games. But, this isn't a megaman game, so don't expect it to be the EXACT same thing. The game is a lot of fun if you just let it be itself. If you think a fast paced shooting platformer sounds like a fun idea, then this game is very good. I really don't understand where all of the hate is coming from. I understand why all the kick starters would be upset, but everybody else must just be a fanboy that can't except a new game."
,Not Recommended,314710,27890592,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Digby,"I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at this game and am just spiting it with a down vote.  The Dash/Absorption buffs don't really add much to the game. If you like Mega Man series this might be tolerable, but I've found the only thing this game captures perfectly from the mega man series is the frustration factor."
76561198062990648,Not Recommended,314710,23708119,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LegenDNooD,"This is game , i have waiting for year ?if u love Megaman Series , beg capcom remaster them all and port to PC now"
,Recommended,314710,23912433,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drabynoops,"I would like to lead off this review with that I've played around 10 hours, include about 8 hours of it being recorded and Steam says I have played 4 hours. Curious that.I have been seeing a lot of complaints about this game and I really can't understand it. I feel as if there may be some emotions evolved that are not actually related to the game itself. Perhaps people were too hyped? Perhaps they were dissapointed with the Kickstarter campaign? Whatever the case, they should not be taking it out on the game in the reviews.The ""Let's Be Fair"" section:Is everything in this game perfect? God no.There is a power up that feels almost useless.A hitbox or two (max 2, I swear!) are a little wonky.Could use a greater variety of enemies.The editing options for controls and video are strangly spaced(some in the main menu and some you have to be in game)Finally, there is no way for the game to tell if you are using a controller and then it came unplugged. (I seriously plunged to my death in an extended open pit section)The ""Now to my point"" section:- Responsive controls (For me they were)What did I expect out of this game, regardless of price point?- I wanted a relatively quick game with familiar, yet different enough mechanics, that wasn't too difficult or too easy.- I wanted to be able to pick this game up quickly and put it down quickly if something came up.- I wanted to be able to replay levels to get an idea of how I have progressed and how different game interactions change    based on my characters progress.-I wanted to care enough about the game world to return to it again.I received all of these.What I didn't expect where the EX mode options. While they aren't much, they still offer little challenges that I like to take and offer me a ability to co-op or compete with a friend.  There are additional difficulties. While the ""one-hit-death"" mode is a little much I appreciate the ability to replay the game with a higher power level for the enemies.All in all the game delivers exactly what I expected it to and I had a lot of fun playing it. If you are giving a negative review because of your whingin then please keep your tears in your tissues and off this review page. If you however, absolutely find something about this ghastly unbearable to the point where it is a crime against gaming (or you want to lie and say that you do) then carry on."
76561198089162144,Not Recommended,314710,23696992,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,delcamex,"I had hopes for this game, I didn't expect a mega man game, in the end the only thing I really expected was tight controls, which this game doesn't have, Also the graphics are awful.This game doesn't deserve anyone's money, I defended this game until today that I played it, and no, you can't let people like Inafune take advantage of gamers, you can't let people think they can do what they want and get away with it and the money, seriously don't buy this or anything else from Inafune."
,Not Recommended,314710,23707771,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DifanceR,"i were browsing the ""Horror game"" tag earlier today and found taht this game is in this category.WELL INDEED ITS AN HORROR"
,Not Recommended,314710,23761486,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mattywomba,better than megmansaid nobody evr*laugh track*
,Not Recommended,314710,23719358,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ignis,"Not worth $20 for what it is.Pros:Dashing is funBoss fights are somewhat funCons:The abilities don't help with anything, the game can be beaten with almost no abilitiesYou have to go way too fast to get a good scoreThe boss fights can get annoyingHyped for nothingLong story short: You would probably only want to buy this game if it was on sale.Note: Wasn't a backer, but I preordered the game.Rating: 4.5/10 -could be better for a 4 million dollar game."
76561197983234875,Not Recommended,314710,29015713,Posted: 4 January,all,Sabien,What the hell is this garbage?Sniper I'm lagging so bad I can't even fight him.I mean what the hell?I hope I can return this hot garbage.
76561198032814759,Not Recommended,314710,24470733,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Eyenza,"As much as I want to like this game, I can't. The core game mechanic involves a lot of dashing, but going too fast punishes you with instant death traps. The only real way to enjoy this game is to memorize the levels and attempt speed runs.If you're looking for a modern classic megaman fix then 20XX does it much better. Otherwise just stick with the original games"
,Recommended,314710,24025634,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rikukun,"Personally I really enjoyed the game. It's not perfect, but a fun experience.Pros:- Tight gameplay controls- Fun fast paced action controls (besides when there are the occassional cutscenes)- Really satisfying to finally beat a level/boss after struggling for a few attempts.- Fun characters for the most part, especially for kids I imagine.- Some of the boss powerups are fun and interesting to learn to use, although some like Battalions are a bit overpowered, but still really fun to use.Cons:- Too many insant deaths. This was really the main frustration for me. A few here and there aren't too bad, but it felt like a large part of the levels difficulty was getting around the instant kills, as opposed to fighting enemies themselves.- The lives system, although it probably would have been better without the numerous instant deaths previously mentioned.Overall:Regardless of what all the haters say, this is a fun game. I wouldn't consider it better than the best MMgames, my 2 favorits being MMX and MMX4. However, I will say that I enjoyed it overall moreso than X5, so I would also say that it is better than some MM games, and really that's about what I would have expected. I doubt any MM styled action platformer will get me to think that it is better than MMX, but that's okay. The game is still fun and I am happy with my purchase. I havn't played the Ray DLC yet, but I plan to buy and play it soon.I would definitely recommend this to fans of the action platformer genre, but I do have to say, don't expect it to be the next best Megaman game. It isn't, but if you keep your expectations at reasonable levels, then you should find yourself having an enjoyable time zipping through levels blowing up robots, and hopefully avoiding 1 hit kills."
76561198064875263,Recommended,314710,24198791,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,delita,"The Megaman 9 that we've been waiting for. It may not be perfect but it's a much better heir to the series than those 8-bit trash heaps pushed out by capcom.I recommend this to fans of the Megaman series, but not to fans of the Megaman X series."
76561198108800591,Not Recommended,314710,23695336,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Maghull,Overwhelming explosion effects10/10 best graphics of the year
,Not Recommended,314710,23717452,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,D E P R E S S E D A L E X,"This game just trying to be megaman. First of all the keys on my keyboard (when first played) were aswd not shift z x arrow keys. I mean have these guys played a pc platformer? Second you can only kill an enemy with a boost. Here is an idea why just let the enemy explode afteer 5-10 seconds after you knock it out. I just wish there was a way to skip the cut sceens and the talking while stop playing reminds me of a bad megaman. Yea Megaman X7 that trash. At least the graphics are good for even low. In the end I rate this game a 2.7/10 so, thank you for your time!"
,Recommended,314710,32842219,Posted: 26 June,all,Zetrois,"I've played all of the original GOOD mega man games and I though ""will they ever be this good again?"" After playing this game, I can now proudly and honestly say, ""no, this game actually kinda ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, i should probably get my money back but I'll probably just get drunk and play it later anyways."" when I did give this game a second chance it was actually fairly easy to get past the few flaws it has. The game doesn't give you as much control as I wish it did, sometimes you have no idea what is going to happen next and it falls in the hands of trial and error. After beating a couple stages I decided this game isn't that bad, besides, it could be mega man X 109 after all.The voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the animation is pretty and cartoony. Most of the enemies were basically ripped from original mega man games and they made that obvious.Long story short, I judged this game by the first 20 minutes of gameplay and I shouldn't have, it DOES get better. 8/10~ cowboys STILL do not use snipers."
76561198314463878,Not Recommended,314710,29049487,Posted: 5 January,all,Rapey the Clown,incredibly difficult to play. its like the evil version of megaman x
,Recommended,314710,23987657,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,nuaimi,"i played this game all the way through the end and what i can say is this game is amazing, but it starts really hard and leaving you with this mega man zero feeling which is once you beat a boss it gets easier and yes once you beat a boss it actually does get easier all power ups in the game are useful and are fun to use except for one the flame ability which is almost useless. you can actually abuse some of the abilities to beat bosses fast and thats what megaman zero had, this one is more similar to mega man zero when it comes to boss fights but when it comes to actual game play its quite different in a unique way. even though the graphics are not its selling point the game it self is really good even the ending screams for a sequel."
,Not Recommended,314710,23719618,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,blurha blurha,Wait for optimize then consider re purchase
76561198008858934,Recommended,314710,25236092,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,kmmaneff,"Really fast-paced old-school fun. It takes a little bit to get a hang of the controls, but it's smooth as butter once you do. It's difficult, but not super difficult (I did better at it than I do at any of the NES Megaman games), and setting your lives to 9 via the options menu is highly reccommended (There are some cheap insta-deaths, but when you have 9 tries to make it through a stage, it's a non-issue).Boss battles are really tense, fun endeavours, and the level design is pretty interesting - one stage is jumping between moving cars on a highway, another is a chase through a building while dodging sniper fire from the boss you face at the end, another is a climb up a tower against strong winds. You interact a little with the bosses during the stage, which is a touch I really like - they end up having a bit more personality than usual sidescroller bosses.It's certainly rough around the edges. It's not pretty, the voice acting isn't good, etc etc. But it's definitely a really satisfying sidescroller if you take a step back from the 'controversy' and appreciate it for what it is. I'd replay it anytime I have an urge for a good 2D platformer."
,Not Recommended,314710,23785603,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dino,"if you take a look at the reviews for this game, you might want to skip to the negative reviewsthe people there mostly make constructive reviews, while the positives have nothing to back them upbacked the game on kickstarter a few years ago and i wish i could go back and stab myself, take my word and emulate the older mega man games. you'll thank me later"
76561198063838983,Recommended,314710,29101718,Posted: 7 January,all,DoppelGengar,"The first thing I should point out is that I didn’t take part in the game’s funding process. I didn’t follow it like so many people did, nor hopped aboard the “New Mega Man” hype train. That’s likely the reason why I’m not so critical about this game as many others are, albeit I do understand where they’re coming from. That being said, I’d like to state that this game… It’s not so bad.Yes, there are lots of problems, and I’m sure many people could point them better than I would. Here are some of the ones I’d mention:- Weak soundtrack. It’s not too memorable, and they reuse tracks a lot. Not the good ones at that.- Slippery gameplay. As in, make one minor mistake with the dashing, and you’re scrap.- Crappy English voice acting. I mean it, put it on Japanese and be happy… Or less unhappy.- Bad controller settings. Changing weapons (or forms) is a hassle. Sure, you can change the button settings and choose a few forms to have change with one button. But couldn’t it be simpler?- Bad story. We barely have idea of what’s going on. We have cutscenes that don’t make much sense and then characters that appear, discuss about things and seems like it didn’t add anything. Also, the ending sucks.- Not enough missions with Call...Okay, so there are lots of things done wrong. Even then, I just can’t bring myself to hate this game as others do. I had fun playing it, and even after beating it, I’d like to play more and do a few objectives, like the Boss Rush mode. Overall, it's not the masterpiece people were hyped (and were patreons) for. Far from it, granted. For its price, there sure are a lot of better games. I'm marking this review as Positive because I didn't hate it and did have fun, but honestly would mark it as neutral, if possible. If you find it with a nice discount, and find some room in your heart, do give Beck a chance. It could be much better, but it's not a failure. It’s certainly more than just “better than nothing”."
76561198071681484,Not Recommended,314710,23717172,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,grey.diamond.desert.,"This game is not worth your money, neither your time.Mighty Nº 5,6/10 ftw!May megaman's ghost rest in peace from now on."
76561198113247644,Not Recommended,314710,23717170,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Raon,"This game is an offense the genre fans.There is no animation while npc talk, just static dolls.Enemies are trash bins, security guards, statues, flame throweres with sun glasses, robots with pacifiers with subbosses playing ping-pong with a bolt, so many silly things....Lore is a total megaman clone: Futuristic city with many robotic stuff, gets a virus-like thing and all robots (except for a very few) gone wild.NPCs and enemies are very silly. Just like a cartoon for kids on nickelodeon.A quotes from the game: ""stop lollygagging around"", ""annoying like a mozzzquito"" and ""weeeeeeee"" (wee is used frequently).But the music is somewhat nostalgic and energetic.This game is Annoying. Irritating. Its your younger brother asking to you if he can play on your computer.Play 20XX."
76561198025201903,Not Recommended,314710,24114834,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tannhauser,Not quite what I expected. The whole dash mechanics is meh.
,Recommended,314710,27330633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RichieB135,"Game makes computer crash, upon restart game deleted entire save file so you have to start over, ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Other than that great game"
76561198067297366,Recommended,314710,24256337,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Muulak,"This game is great for classic MegaMan fans, while also appealing to those who have never played a MegaMan game with its Challenge Mode. It does suffer from occasional slowdown and imput lag for those who don`t have the best computer in the world (i.e me), along with bad controller support, but that`s not a big issue.  Overall, I`d give this game an 82 out  of 100."
,Not Recommended,314710,25933912,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"If you think Mighty No. 9 might be for you, wait for a sale.  In my opinion, it is by no means worth the full asking price.  I found every level I played to be unpleasant and awkward.  Although the characters have cool designs, the script is awful and the dash mechanic is clunky.  I expected more from the creator of Mega Man."
76561198034131432,Not Recommended,314710,25942086,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nick_Reddell,Jerky graphics and no local co-op from the start like it suggested when purchasing. Very disappointed and glad I got it half price!
76561198218057237,Not Recommended,314710,34262621,Posted: 15 August,all,Feature Length,"Dear god what hell I have experienced with this ""game"". First, the difficulty, its like megaman but with cheap enemy placements which= cheap deaths, megaman's very hard sections were hard (of course) but it was fair but this game is hard most of the time but not fair. Second, the new mechanic, once an enemy is at low enough health (INCLUDING BOSSES) can be absorbed by a dash the normal enemys are fine but the bosses are not its hard to not get hit when you do this and there are no checkpoints during the fight WHICH IS A SUNOFA♥♥♥♥♥ and it means that you have to beat it without dying, either im bad at it (which is likely) or this game was ment to make us excited for a new one only to make us throw our controllers at the wall in rage (which is also likely). so I would give the game 2 out of 10 for not living up to what it was ment to be. also the voice acting is cringy and beck resembles megaman a bit too much. (I may be a bit picky but it doesn't change my opinion)"
,Not Recommended,314710,33117010,Posted: 1 July,all,Paulkdragon,"was this game Mighty impressive as they announced it? well... not exactly... this was the result of terrible mismanagement... lack of communication and Multitasking diffrent projects at the same timeyou see the Megaman Legend succoesor not the only project Kenji Inafune was working on there was also ""Mighty Gunvolt"" and ""Azure striker Gunvolt""if Mighty No 9 was a Solo Focused project from beggining to end the game would be SO MUCH better...i still think it's a OK Megaman game not terrible... not great but... ok a least.. i just wish we can skip those 4 hours Kickstarter backers in the credits i know you have to contribute to every single one but JESUS let me end the game at least..."
76561198291970205,Not Recommended,314710,23762204,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Maginus,Doesnt even start upWindows 10 (fully patched)Surface Pro 3
,Recommended,314710,24637217,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Shi,"It's find for playing, 6/10 not bad not good"
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,314710,30365179,Posted: 6 March,all,KasperKyd,The difficulty is too much making the game ridicules
,Not Recommended,314710,28932299,Posted: 2 January,all,Bearsuo Sr.,"I'm a huge MegaMan fan - I grew up playing Megaman, and I'm not ashamed to say I loved even the ones I didn't beat. With that in mind, stay away from this heaping piece of garbage. The default keybinds are moronic, which isn't a sin by itself, but when the tutorial tooltips ignore mappings / lack of gamepad ... I've seen better middle school projects. Everyone involved in this project should hang their head in shame at obviously having never actually played it."
,Not Recommended,314710,34454921,Posted: 24 August,all,inode,"I had great hopes for this game being the Megaman fix I, and everyone else was looking for. Sadly its not. The voice acting is a joke at best, and should have been cut and the cost of that rolled into better writers. Honestly the late 80's cartoon Captain N: The Game Master had better writing then this, and it was targeted towards 6 year olds. Glad I'm only out $8.48 for everything including the DLC. I really wanted to like this, I even put some time into playing it, but as close as this gets to a modern Megaman is riding on the original creators coattails."
76561198066376173,Not Recommended,314710,33489286,Posted: 12 July,all,Almaroni Tehtacomanzonia,SAVE YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY PLEASE
76561198260535255,Not Recommended,314710,34135625,Posted: 9 August,all,Woodman,Not nice! Call is hot thoght.
,Not Recommended,314710,24037058,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shadowlord90 (Nikolai),"NOTE: This is the original review; the revamped thoughts are at the bottom. I'm leaving this here as a reminder.Everyone's hate mostly stems from it being a backed game with 4 Million dollars gone into it, and the fact that the series already has a planned TV Show and some additional DLC. But you know what? Crowd Funded games can go both ways, you put your money into it, that doesn't always mean you'll come up with gold, but despite this; people act as though Mighty No. 9 is a sin of gaming. Is it as bad as people say?This guide was written from a fan who has played: Mega Man 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and Bass, X, X2, X3, Powered Up, Maverick Hunter X and Battle Network 3, so I have some experience in the games and a grasp of what this game was trying to emulate.The most common criticisms people give; is that the game is cheap, lazy and badly put together for a Mega Man clone.Let's analyze this:Story - 5/10About what you'd get from any other Mega Man game honestly. The world works in peace with robots, except a battle arena where robots fight. Apparently, one day; Robots go haywire for no reason; the corporation producing them blames an Evil Scientist called Doctor Blackwell. Meanwhile, the Scientist William White, and his Robot Creation Beck, have to use Beck's ability to steal data and assimulate robots to restore peace. Does any of this sound familiar? The plot was clearly done as satire to Mega Man because; let's face it; Mega Man's plot got more and more lazy as it went along. It basically came down to ""It's Doctor Wily again"" but give some credit; this game pulls a curveball plot point; which I won't spoil here. Just know, Doctor Blackwell isn't as crazy as you may think.Sound/Music - 7/10The game includes both NES and Modern remixes of all it's tracks. I played through the entire game with the Retro Soundtrack (we are viewing this as a Mega Man Clone after all) and I can safely say that it sounds great. I especially liked the track for Huntershade's stage. But, if you prefer modern, the soundtrack still sounds great even than. The voice acting is hit or miss, but I kinda like the cheesy voice acting, we are playing a Mega Man Clone after all, it's not like the game had the most serious voices in the past either.Gameplay - 8/10The old Mega Man games were kept basic; Jump, Shoot, Slide. That was it. In rare situations, use a Robot Master weapon; but not to often was that common. This is why Mega Man X was such a big deal, it added dodging, long jumping, airdashing, and so much more to the tired old slow paced platforming of Mega Man. Why does this matter? Because Mighty No. 9 Is sorta like if you took those two styles, and mashed them together. The game plays like Classic Mega Man, but with the high speed and difficulty of an X game. But, is this a bad thing? It makes the game hard; for sure; but is it bad? Hell no. If anything, it makes you realize when you die, it's because you were to hasty and f*cked up yourself. Or; you didn't take your ideal chance and died due to your hesitation. This does lead to an odd flow, a-la Ninja Gaiden however; where in some sections you have to floor it through to avoid dying; while in some, you absolutely must take it slow. It can be a little frustrating for people who love going full tilt all the time.Stage design is hit or miss. I thought the Highway stage looked amazing, but it was insanely frustrating due to the lack of platforms and some really crazy jumps. But this highlights another important change; Mighty No. 9 can grab ledges (something Mega Man lacks) and also has the ability to air-dash, nearly infinitely. Though abuse able to cross some gaps, you can't gain height with it, so it's not something you can use like in Kirby to just fly over the whole stage.Speaking of the dash, you can also use it to absorb enemy robots. In this game, once you shoot a robot enough; they will glow with power; this means you can absorb them, doing this; if you have a weapon in need of energy out; will act as weapon energy a-la Mega Man. This means you don't need to constantly kill enemies and hope they drop weapon power ups, because you can use them as you play.Also, it's possible to recover your health via the menu, using a special function; but I never used this except during the final boss. A lot of people have pointed out the games abundance of cheap ""Insta-Kill"" hazards, but know what? Those were all over the place in the NES days, even the old Mega Man games had those. Don't believe me? Go Play Quick Man's stage again some time peeps.Graphics - 6/10For a modern game, I can agree, graphics are a little lacking. They look like a PSP game; in fact: Mighty No. 9's graphics ideally match up to Mega Man: Powered Up's graphics. And I'm not just saying that cause it's Mega Man, it's the exact same. Their style and everything. As a result, graphics might seem a little dated; but keep in mind, this game was also ported across all systems; 3DS, Wii U, PC, PS4, One; so it had to be a style they all could render. I played the PC version, and I found it okay.Overall - 6/10I have yet to beat the game; but 4 hours in, I'm at the final boss; and it is quite a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fight lemme warn you (Like the Yellow Devil? How about a 2 form fight against it?). But, overall, the game is really challenging at some points, and fun. I will say though; at 25$, it is overpriced, especially for only 4 hours. There is a wealth of additional content, such as time attack mode, and even co-op (apparently), but the single player campaign is short and pretty easy. I'm sure after beating it, there's a special ""HARD MODE"" for the hardcore elite, and there are achievements for the hunters of those; but overall; I'd say it's worth checking out if you're curious, or a Mega Man fan itching for some old-school action. It's not perfect, but it's not as bad as the angered backers say it is. It's above average (I mean come on people, it's a Mega Man clone, it's not perfect, but you can't beat Mega Man 3).------REVAMP: So, that was my original thoughts on the game, that is, until I took a much deeper and more complex look at the game as a whole; which left me with one simple question; why?I defended this game initially because it dawned on me that with games like this; the devs were at least trying to give us a nostalgic throwback; but their desires to throw in more and more and more content was way too ambitious and a bit too ridiculous. Mighty No. 9 could have been much more than it is; if they hadn't insisted on making it a multi-platform game and extra stuff and Anime; and tried making other games alongside it and trying to get them funded. It ultimately left people sore; and unwilling to trust them.I don't blame the devs, or the community; it just wasn't the right choices. Decisions like throwing out the games old art style in replace for the Mega Man: Powered Up design really hurt the experience. Does it mean the whole game is crap? No; there are redeeming qualities; the Music is solid, the gameplay works great, and the story; even if it is generic; is still decent. It's not a complete waste of time; it's like I said; it's an AVERAGE game. But is it worth the price? No. For the content you're receiving, it actually is kinda a ripoff. I'd recommend purchasing this if it goes on sale; but in it's current state; it's sorta a memory of how badly people wanted this game to be good.I don't take back what I said; I simply wish people would look at something with less salt; and at least give them a chance to shine. Harsh negative backlash like this can literally kill franchises that have promise but started off on the wrong foot. I'm hopeful maybe a sequel could completely remind everyone that sometimes games don't bring their SSS material the first time. Mega Man 1 is vastly inferior to Mega Man 2, let's hope Beck shines bright one day."
76561198029506850,Recommended,314710,32781321,Posted: 25 June,all,悪夢 FaitcH ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I swear, i hate the reviewers and the gaming community nowadays.Peoples have been asking for years for a Megaman game and Keiji Inafune delivered that but peoples still complained.Let me be honest here,The game have nothing to go WOW and is not a completely new idea or gameplay, it's a simple and straight forward Megaman game.Is it as good as the older Megaman? No not reallyBut is it fun and enjoyable? Yes of course, the gameplay is fluid and the level are pretty fun and beautiful. My only concern with it is compared to the older megaman games, the power ups you get haven't got so much utilies and the bosses are rather easy unless you play on the highest difficulty (which for those who are missing MEGAMAN should play on that difficulty with only 3 lives, you will really have the feeling of playing Megaman once again.)The story is very bland and generic but PEOPLES asked for a megaman and Keiji Inafune delivered it (i know i repeat myself here but that's what it is), you can really tell that the story comes from Megaman and Mighty No.9 is that, a Megaman with some 2.5D visual and a bit more colorful.My only concern and disapointement, compared to what i was hoping for from Keiji Inafune is that the level are a bit too bland and short, i was hoping for a bit bigger levels like in Megaman X or 7.Is it worth playing? Yes i think so, the game is pretty fun and enjoyable with all the levels and challenges stages.Just don't get in hoping for the new ultimate Megaman, you will be disapointed.This is a very small team of dedicated persons, who brought back Megaman the best they could with the time and team they had.Keiji Inafune did a really great job here despise the critics and whining peoples and i couldn't be thankful enough to have the chance to play a new *Megaman* IP from Inafune :)"
,Recommended,314710,23837138,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RvB Caboose,"Well after hearing both sides of the fence I decided to try it out. And survey says.... They are both right. Does it deserve all the hate it gets? No. Is it a fantastic game with no flaws? No. It has the curse of being a fully functional platformer, while not doing anything to wow you. It's a pretty basic game, with basic story, abilities, and platforming. Is it worth the money? Again, for me, sadly no. I would however pick this game up on sale. If you are looking for a fun unique platformer I'd look somewhere else. If you are looking for a servicable platformer or a new speedrunning game I'd pick it up. Final verdict? 5/10, pick it up on sale... Max I'd pay for the game? $10"
,Recommended,314710,32804520,Posted: 26 June,all,l3oOkeR,Veen avoiding this game because of the bad reviews. But having played the first level i can already tell its a game i will like. Love old school Mega man and this will probably be one of the closest i will get for awhile!
,Recommended,314710,25395898,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fede Miz!,"My two cents about Mighty No. 9I mostly read negative comments about it. Nevertheless, I wanted to try the game out myself. After months of waiting with fading expectations in light of the destructive reviews and comments, it was finally released for Mac.Well, okay, it took very long. I could be upset about it, but I’m not. Too often I have seen and experienced things thrown on the market prematurely (e.g. Microsoft software, music…), just because people asked for them.Comcept & the others have taken their time instead. In my opinion, this was the right decision. Firstly, anticipation is the greatest joy, secondly, in spite of many opinions, they created a well working product. Of course there are always some smaller bugs, but the game’s perfectly running on my MacBook Pro. That’s how I expect it to be. I simply would not benefit from an unfinished product.About the actual game:Whew, it’s hard and really challenging! At least for me as a person who has not played for a longer while. I guess that’s its problem. Gamers today are not patient as they used to be 25 years ago, when Mega Man was created. It was normal to try, fail, retry, fail again and so on at the time. I can remember my friends and myself smashing the NES controllers on the floor, because we f***ed it up again and again, but we were so ambitious to make it, and we made progresses until we made it in the end.So from this point of view, Mighty No. 9 is a really worthy successor of my beloved Mega Man series!Although it is that hard, the controls are so simple and intuitive! You get used to them very fast, and that makes the game more fun in my opinion. As soon as you get used to the elements displayed on the screen and their meanings, there’s a lot less distraction so that you can focus on the actual game.The graphics are not bad at all. Okay, they are not the state-of-the-art kind of graphics and if you ask me, the characters’ faces could have been less “flat” - but for this type of game, they are quite impressive and colorful.The soundtrack is probably not as memorable as those from the Mega Man series, but still there is the one or the other really good piece of music! What I find a bit disturbing is that Beck, the character you play, is permanently commenting your actions, as well as all the other talking during the game. Especially if you’re not a native Japanese, English or French speaker, because then you might be distracted by reading the subtitles, if you want to fully understand what is being said. It would be cool if at least the commenting could be muted.Overall, I am quite happy with the game and I’m looking forward to getting my new gamepad, as my current one has terribly loud buttons. When that problem is solved, I’ll be pretty happy playing Mighty No. 9, as I have already become a bit addicted to it.Be patient, learn from mistakes, develop a system to defeat enemies and bosses – that’s the core of the game and what makes it cool for me! If you can’t, this would probably be the wrong game for you."
76561198241457886,Recommended,314710,23966319,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LeafSalad,"The game play is alright, but it could have been so much more than it is"
76561197973382005,Recommended,314710,23893321,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Demunic,"People who enjoy it are too busy playing it to review and people who rage quit do nothing but give ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews.Ignore the haters and give it a chance with a open mind, twitchy fingers, and for heaven sakes set up your quick switching of powers in the pause menu (and maybe give the controls a once over).Play it for what it is, not what you expected it to be and you will find yourself having fun.(unless you stink at these types of games)"
76561198045019886,Recommended,314710,24288559,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Denothorm,"Despite hearing a lot of critisism for the game, I decided to pick it up anyways as I really enjoyed the Megaman and Megaman X games. Honestly I was quite pleased with this one. Its not the best game, but it rather good in my opinion. It doesn't innovate as much as I might have hoped, but if you enjoyed the older Megaman games, this is rather enjoyable. I definately enjoyed how characters you defeat, the bosses, will appear in later levels to assist you and leads to them feeling more fleshed out as characters."
76561198060445418,Not Recommended,314710,28611004,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jchaosmaster,Finally got this. I brought it day one and returned it within second as soon as i saw the first you tube vid. I brought it again at christmas mostly because i bought the Ray DLC and didn't think to return it to. So now i played it and again requested my money back.The game is hard. But not hard in the fun way hard in ways that make you think. Well that's broken for no reason.First example was durning the Ray DLC i more then once found enemies that were out of shooting distance and to get them down i was forced to be damaged... Then they have other enimes that you can see but are Out of range.Second thing i found like many they make you put all this extra effort into trying to keep your upgrades you get form dashing through enemies up. While in just Modle 1 world you go threw a fun mini battle to just have to wait and lost all your power ups while you wait for some fire thing to spin around or else try to jump and die.Worst of all was in the modle 8 world where you battle on a roaring freeway and you have to jump from car to car. Here if your good half the time you will OUT RACE THE CARS AND DIE.If you want a true better mega man like game get 20XX. It is a true indi who works this its supporters.
76561198276215662,Not Recommended,314710,31384531,Posted: 26 April,all,Lukemorelikepuke,(Me pre release): YO IT'S LIEK MEGA MAN YO DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE!(Me post release): ...well...imma forget this game happened and replay mega man 5. Maybe I won't get stuck to a wall with no way to escape other than exiting my game. ;D
,Recommended,314710,28303137,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sial,"This game reminded me to the good old day SFC eraNice Gameplay, BGM, Level design make me feel like a 12 years old boy who spend a whole holiday  to beat megaman 7But the most disappointed thing is the art directiona graphic quality isn't stable. Some level are look nice some are very sub-standard as PS2 period.All human character looks and voice acting gone even wrost.They're almost reach a one of master peice but they aren't.I hope nexttime Dev team could do better than this.And thanks you to bring us old friend."
76561198071753285,Recommended,314710,33240159,Posted: 4 July,all,Crying Freeman,"Ignore the Kickstarter drama. It's far gone now, and while Comcept and Inafune have some exmplaining to do for their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to the backers, we need to judge MN9 as a game- the drama behind it's development and release has nothing to do with how the game plays in the end. Does the game itself warrant bad score just because of an irresponsible creative team? And anime fan on prom night? People were really angry about that? Guess we do live in a generation of whiny snowflakes who can't take a joke.First off yes, the graphics are horrible. There were cheaper crowdfunded games like Shovel Knight and Dust: An Elysian Tail, or even free games like Cave Story that look much better. sure they did 3D graphics but that was to save money and make it easier for the team, as pixel art is harder and more time consuming. No excuse for a $2-mil (after kickstarter fees) game. The cutscenes are even worse- lazily rendered through the game engine. They should've gone for pre-rendered cinematics- they definitely had enough money to.Gameplay and audio are where MN9 succeeds. They take the dash mechanic from MMX and create an addictive mechanic out of it- weaken enemies with your attacks, then dash into them to destroy them and get a higher score. It makes MN9 extremely fast paced and fun as hell to play. Controls are great too, but I recommend a gamepad (K&M is dreadful for this game). Beck jumps and shoots with tight control, my only complaint is how Beck can stumble after climbing up a ledge while on a moving platform, which caused me to die, but its extremely rare.Voice work is competant- the actors do what they can with their roles, and it's chidlish cheesey writing but at least everyone does a good job with some awful puns and other lines. Steve Blume is even in the game, and he's a badass in every role he does so theres a plus. Music, however, is just awesome! The MM2 composers flexed their muscle for some great and catchy tunes, which have a modern and retro setting (very nice touch).Each stage takes around 6-7 minutes to complete, and it's extremely challenging so your play time will vary. There are challenges to complete, and if you don't feel like looking up a boss order it's yet another MM thing of experimenting with playthroughs, potentially adding more replay vale to the package.All in all, it's a really good game and worth the $5-15 you'll pay for it depending on sale or not. The release drama was unfair- it's yet another great title developed by Inti Creates, who also made the Gunvolt series. They put out great games and this isn't an exception. I doubt we'll see a full sequel, but the fact they put Beck in Mighty Gunvolt Burst and are still working on the handheld version of MN9 gives me hope that we'll see a sequel, hopefully with the presentational issues fixed, and maybe some better level design. But as we know, our gaming community never forgives or lets up, so if a sequel does come out I doubt anyone will give it a chance."
76561197989201809,Recommended,314710,24321150,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ibkillin,"As an old school fan of Megaman, this is probably the closest thing with a modern look.  I have Megaman 1-6 on my PS4, had 9 and 10 on PS3 (sucks no PS4).  This game feels pretty much how I expected it to.  It is by no means the most advanced game on the market, so perhaps that is why it's getting some nasty reviews.The levels are challenging, something I truely miss in today's game worlds.  The dash mechanic is pretty cool, it encourages speed runs, which may or may not agree with some.  I'm ok with this.  The game worlds aren't the most graphically pleasing, with very basic textures, but honestly those don't make a game for me.I've seen reviews from the mainstream websites like IGN and their big beef is how characters mouths don't move with lip synced animations and what not.  I find those pretty stupid, but I guess for a game that got 4-6 million in funding expectations were pretty high.  You can't go wrong for 20 bucks, if this game were standard video game prices then I would agree with the mediocre reviews.   I rate this game 7.5 / 10, it's fun, it's classic, but it's not revolutionary at all."
,Recommended,314710,24122243,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Colynato,"The hate towards this game has reached levels of memehood and obnoxiousness. Seeing /v/ttards buy this game just to make a joke about the advertising or the kickstarter is so amusing to me. All these people crowding around to hate a game that really shows just how ignorant and idiotic the ""Mega Man fanbase"" really is.I've played every Mega Man successor. I've seen where Mega Man has incarnated and has evolved.While ""Mega Man fans"" cried that Mega Man was dead in the early 2000's, I played the Mega Man Zero series.While ""Mega Man fans"" cried that Mega Man was dead in the mid 2000's, I played the Megaman ZX series.While ""Mega Man fans"" gasped that Mega Man was alive again with MM 9&10, then immediately nitpicked the games to pieces and then forgot about it; I was marathoning every game I could get may eager hands on in the MM series from Classic, MMX, MMZero, MMZX, even MMBN and MMSF! (Recognize my profile pic? If you don't, I'm not surprised, it's Lan Hikari from MMBN..I honestly hate you posers, you ""Mega Man fans"".)While ""Mega Man fans"" cried that Mega Man was dead in the 2010's, I played Azure Striker Gunvolt and Mighty Gunvolt.""Mega Man fans"" are cancer. I don't know how to describe them without the quotes.They pretend they know what Mega Man is like, they pretend to know what Mega Man is about.They know nothing. They haven't played the games.It's obvious.Because if they played any Mega Man game they would have seen Mighty No. 9 happening.They would have appreciated what Mighty No. 9 did.They also would have realized what Mighty No. 9 didn't do.From what I can tell, ""Mega Man fans"" wanted a MM2 (also a MM3 or MMX, but that's besides the point), a game full of insta-kills (remember MM2 had not only instakill spikes/spikeballs EVERYWHERE, but also the instakill beams in Quick Man's stage, the disappearing re-appearing blocks over bottomless pits, and all that knock back into pits), lame power-ups (be honest ""Mega Man fan"" the only good ability from that game was broken as **** Metal Blades), and the broken stage design.Capcom/Intecreates noticed this and made MM9. The fans complained about Capcom/intcreates taking all of Mega Man's past abilities, like the slide and buster charge (which were NOT in MM2, they were making it more like that game after all). For years they complained about Mega Man being gone, when he was always there, just with a different coat and different abilities. When they got exactly what they wanted, they cried. When they revised it in MM10, they complained it was too much of a copy/paste from MM9.All in all, take the hate Mighty No. 9 is getting with a grain of salt. As a passionate and experienced gamer in Mega Man, I honestly think Mighty No. 9 is okay..not phenominal..but I did enjoy it more than MM2..even more than other kickstarter games like..Shovel Knight..more than 20XX.._Might No. 9 isn't trying to go back, it's trying to succeed..evolve while paying homage to it's roots..as the ENTIRE Mega Man series always has.From Mega Man X, to Mega Man Zero, to Mega Man ZX, to Azure Striker Gunvolt..Mighty No. 9, even with it's downfalls, is a perfect successor.--EDIT: Wow, a another hate wave just came in. All my points still stand. Nothing is more revealing of the gaming community's ignorance than reading commenters who are wondering why there's no wall jump or why the level design is hard.Seriously, have you guys actually played a Mega Man game?"
,Not Recommended,314710,29174206,Posted: 10 January,all,Dampact,"Literally the worst game ever, bar nothing. Not the new age metaphorically literally, the actual literal literally. First and probably only game I have and will ever return."
,Recommended,314710,28478998,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FlameRose97,Not as bad as everyone says it is.The game is pretty fun.The music is kick♥♥♥♥♥And the controls are tight and easy to master.I love this game and I don't care WHO says otherwise.
,Not Recommended,314710,23753141,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TTIAP,"i wouldnt recomend this at all, not at full price at least, its a game, now is that enough? a reskinned megaman  in 2.5D with a really bad 3ds styled graphic whilst given bullshots in the kickstarter using Unreal engine(which looked great, take a look)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UXDiQrgI6MNow still using Unreal but reverting graphics back to a 3ds tier and still having bad framerate on fullscreen (if you can even get fullscreen to work) shoddy resolution coding.the main problem is that its literally a reskinned megaman with graphics of that of an old system, 3 years developement and waiting on delays with 4 million in their pockets and we get this, wouldnt recomend unless someone makes a mod that makes it look like the beta.i know small groups that could make this trash in a game jam."
,Not Recommended,314710,23970744,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LOCAP,"Once upon a time, there was a man named Keiji Inafune. He made a game, called Mega Man. Mega Man was good, until Capcpom decided they'd rather make other games instead of a beloved series that many fans loved.Inafune eventually left the company and made a kickstarter for another game, called Mighty No. 9. This game raised over $4,000,000. That made Inafune happy, so he took $20 of that and made a game, then spent the rest of the money on hookers and a jelly bean wall for his suburban house.The game eventually released, but due to the production budget of $20, the game took several years longer than planned to make, as Inafune couldn't find enough programming slaves, especially when he only gave each one a single packet of instant ramen a week, so each slave only had a lifespan of about one month. The game released and was bashed by critics, but Inafune still had his hookers and jelly beans. The End.Moral of the story: If you get $4,000,000 from Kickstarter, you better buy yourself some hookers."
,Recommended,314710,24368806,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,♕♛JKing85♛♕,hard at first but once you get the hang of it its lots of fun.  i always loved megaman type games.
76561198124697070,Recommended,314710,28245478,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ermac93,It's a classic Megaman in a new outfit with some simple new elements like the dash. I definitely can't see the bad points many people want to mention here. I peronally love it. The voice acting is also funny in my opinion. The boss fights are sometimes frustrating but in a good way and it's also not too hard. It's a Megaman you can play here and there but not without concentration. I would definitely buy it again in a sale.It's mighty! :)
76561198063343230,Recommended,314710,33154996,Posted: 2 July,all,NESRuinedMyLife,"Another game where Kickstarter fee fees get in the way of an honest review.Apparently (and I just found this out as I was kind of out of the loop about this game for a long time), there was some kerfuffle with the kickstarter and how funding worked out for this game and there was backlash from the community.  This is wildly reminiscent of what happened to Project CARS.However, because I don't base my opinions of a product on the person or conflict surrounding it, I have to say this is a really cool take on a modern Mega Man and not at all deserving of the bashing it gets.  It's not the masterpiece that was Mega Man X, but it's hard to compare that AAA game of its time to a modern indie game.Even though it lacks the atmosphere and any semblance of a worthwhile story, the gameplay dynamics centered around the dash are fash and fun and almost makes it feel like if Sonic crossed over with Mega Man in a good way.  It's certainly better than any official Mega Man games we've had for the last decade, including the half-baked rehashed NES-style 9 and 10 and the Mega Man 2.5D remake for the PSP (Powered Up).If you like Mega Man and you can check your biases and rose tinted glasses at the door, this is a perfectly acceptable modern Mega Man game and well worth experiencing."
76561198089819868,Recommended,314710,33053599,Posted: 30 June,all,Sogeking (Luiz),"Like old Megaman titles, this game offers moderate challenges, good level design and story, but animations are not so good."
,Not Recommended,314710,25157033,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[TLB] DeadpooL™Agent of TACOS,"I had been looking forward to getting this game for quite a while. Ignoring all the drama that apparently surrounds this game (involving it not having lived up to expectations based on that the developers had originally promised) I feel it's a pretty fun throwback to MegaMan that suffers IMHO from mindnumbingly frustrating controls and game mechanics that make basic functions such as jumping up to a ledge beyond rage inducing levels of annoyance. It should also be noted that the graphics are quite dated, while somewhat fitting for the game, so keep that in mind as well. Requested a refund, I'm better off spending my cash on the actual MegaMan Collection which is also available on Steam."
,Not Recommended,314710,28183720,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,zzskywalker,"i believe my PC is more than capable of reaching the min requirement of this game. running an acer predator 15 (core i7, 970m, 16gb ram) and this games still lags like there is no tomorrow after a while. serious resource hungry game...story line as expected from the devs but this is a game is seriously taxing on the hardware for a 2d side scrolling game...and here i would imagine how players on macs may play this game....:S4.5/10 for me on a PC. may be a different rating for PS4 maybe...PS.. game crashes at the oddest of times.... buy at your own risk..."
,Recommended,314710,23873860,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,312K,"I don't really care about the story or voice acting, I never did with any Mega Man games and I am not going to start now. I like the fast pace of the game and my only problem is that you sometimes don't have perfect control over your character (mainly when dashing in air, your character might feel like you are on ice which can be annoying sometimes). Other than the little control problem, I like the game and I think it is decent attempt at recreating Mega Man in 2016. It won't blow your mind but it scratches that Mega Man itch for me."
,Recommended,314710,24315487,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Macky Rentoy,Sadly still not that finished. Still buggy and yes I'm waiting for the mac version
76561198032081563,Recommended,314710,28774265,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DethIncarn8,"I don't hate this game. I do, however, really dislike how overhyped it was... and officially declare shenanigans for significantly exceeding Kickstarter goals only to sell out to a publisher.It plays like I expected, and is a decent tribute to the original Megaman series. I wasn't willing to shell out $20, but catching it on sale wasn't bad.Unfortunately, I got bored pretty quick, but expect to come back around to it again.Shady practices aside, and seeing the game for what it is, I would recommend this game, but only if you catch it on sale."
,Not Recommended,314710,30388031,Posted: 8 March,all,HiImTye,"the game mechanics seem unfinished. there's no wall climbing, instead, there's ledge climbing. the game seems to punish you for playing it the way it's intended to be played. you have a ranged weapon, but you are punished for killing at a range. you gain new weapons, but they are ridiculously under powered, and in places, open you up to being hurt more than the regular weapon. there's sudden death spikes at the bottom of blind drops. the reward for level exploration is often in the form of unavoidable, or barely avoidable damage - ""check out this hidden area, bam, monster"" ""sweet a power up area, bam, unavoidable damage trap.""I loved the MM games, and had high hopes for this title, a title that was supposed to be ""taking MM into the modern era of gaming."" sadly, the level design, game mechanics, and overall game design seem like they came from a company that lacked the basic knowledge that has come from the decades of trial and error and understanding of the complexities of level design. this felt more like a terrible indie game than a game from the ""Father of Megaman."""
76561198067546523,Recommended,314710,27266242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oruma-2,"Might look like megaman, but it's not like megaman"
76561198043516885,Recommended,314710,30503130,Posted: 13 March,all,*Borichiny*,i think its pretty hard but tthe game itself is not bad. Buy with discount full price is a  meh
76561198070329051,Recommended,314710,23876122,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheSMBZfan1,"Let me clarify my background here, Mega Man is a part of my childhood, I've played and beaten a lot of them, and I have played the Classic Series, only not completeing 5 and 6 which are on my to-do list. So yes, I am a Mega Man fan, so when I heard about this, I was happy and believe me I wanted to back it, but the date rolled by and I missed it, so I bought the game when the pre order was available and here we are. I understand the game was delayed and took 3 years and 4 million dollars via 70k backers to make a reality, but that shouldn't matter when making a review about the game as it is by itself, not its past and rocky road of a development cycle. So now for the review about the game itself.The Gameplay should be familiar to any Mega Man fans and it has its own twist with the AcXelerate Dash move which allows you to get temporary power ups to make your journey a little easier, and they do help, but they aren't needed to make it through anything, I did like the idea and I think it is a nice way to freshen up the Mega Man formula, and the fact that they are put through the stage makes it so if you are good you can take advantage of the powers for massive Stage Scores, so it does reward good playing. The ability to grab ledges helps like you wouldn't believe so I like that. Overall I say Beck's control is pretty smooth and I am always able to what I need to do to progress. This is the only thing you need to know about the gameplay; the game is fairly hard. It's not Kaizo Mario or anything like that, but it will challenge you in a way similar to Classic Mega Man, just take your time and be observant and the stages should be fine. The bosses are hard too, they're patterns take a bit to learn, but they are by no means impossible, just learn the patterns and you should be fine. And the game does offer several options to make things easier, such as the ability to change how many lives you start with (I stuck with 2 as I didn't know you could do this until after I beat the game, but I do like a challenge, so I'll keep it at 2), an advice system in the stage select after you start beating the other Mighty Numbers to let you know the weakness chain, and Patch if you die about 3-5 times in the same stage and don't beat it, who gives you power ups and such to help you win, so beating the stages and bosses is a matter of time and patience.The game is nothing special visually, but it does look nice, the models are nice and colorful which I do like.The music is nice, but the only tunes I immediately remember are the main theme and boss theme.The story is basic like most other Mega Man like games, and the writing is fine. Voice acting is OK, nothing spectacular, but nothing like Mega Man 8s voice acting.Overall I say the game is worth the $20, as it is a solid 5 hour campaign on average if you're OK at platformers like this, and it does have more content on offer, such more than one difficulty, Challenge mode, and online options if you want. This game is nothing ground breaking, but it is a fun game, and that is the important thing. If you are a Mega Man fan on the fence with your decision, I say it should be the game you're looking for; if you're new to Mega Man like games, I would say be wary of the difficulty, but if you like platformers, give it a shot, you may have as much fun as I did."
76561198176061846,Recommended,314710,33332231,Posted: 6 July,all,98Peanuts,"Its not the worst game ever, there are a few fustrating map designs but it is very much like oldermega man titles. Its a short game and if you get it on sale or reduced price its worth it. Its a dissapointmentfor all the people excited for the game, for people just finding it for the first time I say play it and decide foryourself."
,Not Recommended,314710,24248541,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,HippeusOmega,"Mighty No. 9: A Prom Night Gone Wrong ReviewMighty No. 9 was a game I was looking forward to. As a kid I spent countless hours playing the Mega Man series. No matter what series it was. When I heard Keiji Infaune wanting to make a Mega Man inspired game after Capcom called it quits on the Blue Bomber I was excited. Unfortunely the hype and excitement was followed by disappointment, frustation and constant delays. Make no mistake, I'm fine with delays if the final product has been worth the wait. That hasn't been the case sadly to say.StoryThe game starts out with a promising intro. Where basically Beck's friends the Mighty No.'s have been reprogrammed and its up to Beck to save his friends. Sounds promising right? Not really as the narrative quickly falls flat and fails to keep me even remotely interested. The Voice acting is so poorly done. I get this is a indie title but some of the english VA's just feel like they were phoning it in. Some like Dr. Sandra was just pure annoying to listen to. I quickly switched to japanese VOs. A first for me as I do like to play english on the first playthrough. To make matters worse there is no lip sync. Characters shown just appear lifeless in cutscenes.GraphicsWhat the hell happened here? The graphics are pre-ps2 era at best and just come off really cartoony. What happened to the great concept art? What happened to the amazing prototype test footage we saw? How can this game equal 4 million dollars at this point when games like Dust: An Elysian Tail had much better graphics?! This even prompted some to make videos showcasing a difference between a 40,000 budget and a 4,000,000 budget. I mean hell I find even Shovel Knight's graphics superior in a lot of ways. That was a budget of 300,000. Least Shovel Knight knew what it was trying to be.The worse offense is there is even comparision screenshots showing how badly the graphics even deteriorated over the course of its development. This of course isn't limited to particle effects such as fires or explosions. Fire effects come off really badly. There is a scene during the city stage that has a bunch of things happening all at once. It truly shows how ugly the game looks at that particular moment in the game. I just don't know what happen to the passion for this game. How the prototype footage looks so much better and promising then this. Whatever this is.GameplayThe gameplay is probably Mighty No. 9's greatest strength revolving Beck. Beck the main protagonist is a lot like his predecessor Mega Man. He can shoot enemies and even dash. One of the coolest aspects is the fact Beck can infinite dash. Its one of Mighty No. 9's key gameplay features. As Beck has to shoot enemies then dash into the weakened enemies to kill and absorb some of their powers. Which gives Beck high score modifiers and power ups.This in lays the problem with the gameplay even. As if Beck's core gameplay mechanic and the game just aren't compatible with one another. The core concept of the game is to basically have Beck go through stages as quickly and efficiently as possible to rake up high scores and powerups. The problem is the level designs themselves. Most of the stages are just so poorly designed you can't help but wonder what was going on with the level designs. Most stages are filled with obstacles that slow down progression of the stage. Such as padding where the stages come to a halt to have you fight wave after wave of enemies. Stages are also filled with instant death traps all over the place. Ranging from spikes, pitfalls, lasers, and even giant turbines that can kill you instantly. Despite having a invincible frame at the time. You quickly begin to care more about getting through the stages in one piece rather rushing through them as fast as possible. Also don't be prideful. Put your lives higher then 2. You'll save yourself some headaches down the road.Some stages are so poorly designed that you feel what was the point of them. The capitol building being a great example. A stage basically where you run back and fourth chasing the boss till you weaken him enough to go to the boss room. Meanwhile having to dodge instant death lasers all over the place. If you die you will have to do the entire chase over again. Infact first run at the stage I was so bored I didn't even know at the time I was suppose to chase him down.Other poor examples include the power plant where it reminds you mid-game that you have a low dash techinque knowing the player may get stuck at that point. Also they try a poor attempt at a stealth stage involving Call.The bosses are another problem in this game. While most I defeated on a few tries. A couple made me rage quit. Such as Mighty no. 1 Pyro. I can't count how many times his hard to telegraph instant KO attack got me. Also the bosses suffer from repetition. As you have to weaken them then absorb a chunk of their hitpoints. The most annoying part is if you don't absorb their health in a certain amount of time. They will instantly regenerate all that lost health. Seen it one too many times where you have them weaken and they'll fly off screen or be out of Beck's reach. Also while Beck can get the abilities of the Mighty no.'s much like Mega Man could against the robot masters. Most of the special abilities are just purely underwhelming. If you don't use Cyro's special attack in stages. Then your clearly doing the stages wrong. As Cryo's special weapon is severely OP and can easily rack up high scores quickly.OverallOverall this game has just been one collosal disappointment with polarizing opinions on the game. The game just felt like a souless and lifeless husk with some minor enjoyment. The fact Keiji Infaune is interested in a sequel already is troubling. As he already had plans with Red Ash which at this point would take a lot to meet even my low expectations now. Unless he learns from the failures of this game then Beck's future may already be sealed.Score: 4/10"
76561198021697960,Recommended,314710,24738134,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,thesnowfox84,Very enjoyable didn't back it got it before it came out forgot about it till it started to download and played a little at a time with the way game are these days you forget quickly how hard game were back in the day but at the same time you enjoyed them. Fun times it had an ok story two thumbs up.
76561198199982985,Not Recommended,314710,25160371,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,포르노,I am disapppointed with the game i hate how some of the gameplay in the game and i think it was a big waste of money on this game i think i should of buy a different game.
76561197994387037,Not Recommended,314710,24372078,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Anderic,"would not recommend.as a platformer it is decent, you have your megaman clone (Beck) and you shoot things you jump and you use some sort of ""super dash"" effect that can be used in mid air, but otherwise works as the megaman slideThere is no Charge Attack,Enemies can only be killed by first stunning them with your main arm cannon weapon, and then dashing into them.Your basic arm cannon is awefully weak, - underpowered is an overstatement, most basic minion bots take about 4-8 shots to stun them.Dashing into enemies before you stun them damages you.Enemies seem not to drop any sort of health restore items, or if they do it's rare enough it's not worth mentioning.Levels seem unnecessarily long and often punishingly difficult. At a certain point in the first stage the background literally falls on you and kills you. if you didn't have this spoiler you'd probably be looking at the screen like i did questioning after the background just killed you.Buy 20XX it's a much better Megaman clone"
,Recommended,314710,24156208,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,a.h.alfarsi,"Actually, I liked the game even it's not such as Megaman. It's really a classic game and I recommened this for old gamers who like to play very old style gameplay.But, it has some nigative point which as more than positive ones:1- It's not what all of us were waiting for.2- Poor design.3- Game play is acceptable.4- The player can't charge his gun (I wonder why they didn't add this feature?).5- Bosses are not that much challengable (You can defeat them by normal weapon).6- The music is not as Megaman was (It's like an old anime).7- There is no emotional feelings (As Megaman had)."
76561198068317252,Recommended,314710,30454734,Posted: 11 March,all,Incoglito,"This game is a great fluid platformer that will leave you falling to your death wondering why you can't wall jump like Megaman X can. It takes elements from all the Blue Bomber games and molds something unique. It couldv'e been better but you can say that about anything. It's worth a buy if you like the classic megaman gameplay with more modern looking graphics and tough boss battles on harder modes. And yes you can change the voices from english to japanese for cooler voice lines. Music is pretty good too, not horrible."
76561197988341157,Recommended,314710,24026864,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,j.woerlee1,this is a megaman like game in a lot of ways and some are just sillybeck (mighty no. 9) = rock (megaman)call = rolldr white = dr lightthe controls are good but not as perfect as the megaman games.the dash/absorb ability is not balanced and i think it would be better if they remove this and used the item drops as in the megaman games.the 2.5d looks okaythe design is not ispired its just bland without much detailthe cartoney look is not bad but not great eitherif you love megaman games give it a tryit is not great as megaman but its okay to kill a couple of hours with
76561197992760821,Not Recommended,314710,33445862,Posted: 10 July,all,Temporary,"If you were expecting something like Megaman move along there is nothing to see here.Whilst the game looks polished graphically it falls so short in basically everything else that it isn't even worth the $20 asking price. If and when it becomes $5 or less then maybe pick it up to kill some time whilst waiting for another game you own to patch.If your choice is between playing this game and putting out a cigarette on your body, choose the latter because you'll get far more instant gratification, enjoyment and a longer lasting impression than this steaming pile of poo they call a game."
,Recommended,314710,34297774,Posted: 16 August,all,drwhales,"As a megaman fan, I really enjoyed the game for the most part. The dashing keeps the pace of the game high and the special weapons are interesting and fun to use.I did dislike some of the stage designs like Brandish's stage because it was hard to follow what was on screen due to the art style.Overall though, these issues didn't dampen the experience too much. I would still recommend."
,Recommended,314710,33219830,Posted: 4 July,all,Barwick,bless this mess
,Recommended,314710,32965604,Posted: 28 June,all,WoloWizard,idk why this game had a bad rep its pretty cool and fun it ain no megaman x tho but other than that its pretty solid 9/10  cute little throw back
,Recommended,314710,28603306,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HarryAtomic,"I'll start by saying that I didn't back this game on kickstarter, so I can only speak from the persepective of a 25 year Mega Man fan whose curiosity got the better of him.I really enjoyed this game.During the first tutorial level I was trying my hardest to draw comparisons to Mega Man X (since I had just played it again hours before buying this), and it became apparent very quickly that this was not the old Mega Man games that we remembered. Once I dropped that comparison and took this game as ""inspired by"" rather than ""a sequel to"", the game became much more enjoyableThe difficulty does spike in some places, and my controller took some unfair punishment as a result, but theres nothing that can't be worked out through perserverence, after which the enemy patterns and level requirements become almost obvious. The main weapon suffices for 95% of the game, and you have little reason to explore the alternatives except for a few sections, so in this regard I suppose the game could have made better use of the wide arsenal.In summary, I would recoomend this game to Mega Man fans, only because it gives a nice nod to the games we all loved in those golden years. I wouldn't sell it as a ""spiritual successor"" however since, in my opinion, the game fails in that regard. As a Mega Man game, its a no contest, but as a platformer, this game gets my vote :)"
76561198133839862,Recommended,314710,28604404,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sonic907,"the game is okay not the worst or the best but okay, but i'm still disappointed. after 3 years, and 3 delays it should of been more. - 6.5-10"
,Not Recommended,314710,25923363,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Laquatee,ไม่เคยเล่นเกมไหนในโลกนี้แล้วอารมณ์เสียขนาดนี้มาก่อน!!!ที่สุดแห่งความล้มเหลวในการสร้างเกมส์โดยสิ้นเชิงขนาดผมซื้อตอนมันลดราคาเหลือ 200 กว่าบาท ยังรู้สึกว่าไม่คุ้มเลย50 ทาทก็ยังถือว่าแพงไป เกมส์นี้เหมาะสำหรับโหลดฟรีเท่านั้นสิ่งที่คุณจะได้เจอหลังจากซื้อเกมนี้- ระบบการตั้งค่าจอยเกมที่แสนจะยุ่งยาก- ออกแบบตัวละครทุกตัวได้ห่วยมาก เพลงประกอบก็ไม่สนุกเลย- ระบบการเล่นที่ชวนหัวเสีย จะฆ่าศัตรูได้ต้องยิงให้ตัวเปลี่ยนสีก่อนแล้วค่อยพุ่งชน- เกือบทุกด่าน จะมีจุดที่เหมบังคับให้ต้องตายก่อนเพื่อเรียนรู้ว่าจะผ่านยังไง ซึ่งไม่ได้ท้าทายสติปัญญาเลย แต่เหมือนเกมมันตั้งใจทำให้คุณหัวเสียกับการตายที่หลีกเลี่ยงไม่ได้ในหลายๆจุดซะมากกว่า แล้วก็ต้องกลับมาเล่นฉากเดิมซ้ำๆ- การเปลี่ยนร่างก็ยุ่งยาก แทนที่จะทำแบบ Rockman ก็จบ กดปุ่มเดียวเพื่อเปลี่ยนร่างไปเรื่อยๆ นี่ไม่อะ ต้องใช้ 2 - 3 ปุ่มในการเปลี่ยนร่าง แต่ละที ซึ่งโครตจะไม่สะดวก และกินเวลา หลายครั้งที่โดนศัตรูโจมตี หรือตกเหวตายเพราะกำลังกดเปลี่ยนร่างอยู่เนี่ยแหละ- Dlc ก็ไม่ได้ช่วยให้เกมสนุกขึ้น แถมทำให้ยากขึ้นกว่าเดิมอีก คือเหมือนจ่ายตังเพิ่มเพื่อเล่นด่านเดิมๆด้วยระดับความยากที่มากขึ้น- เนื้อเรื่องไม่ได้มีอะไรน่าสนใจ
76561198079771754,Not Recommended,314710,25932348,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ieatass,Spent a whole year waiting and they kept postponing once they did its all weird with the button configurations for a ps4 controller and even fro keyboard. all that waiting for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game? disgrace to megaman gaes out there
,Not Recommended,314710,34425980,Posted: 22 August,all,Nerd Panda,"Don't play this game, please! PLEASE! SAVE YOUR BRAIN FROM THE DAMAGE THAT THIS GAME CAN CAUSE!!!IT'S HORRIBLE!"
76561198050430405,Recommended,314710,23815851,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cp9lockdown,"While it could have been better, as any game could.  This is still a very good challenging game.  Based on my personal experience playing it."
76561198023438662,Recommended,314710,23904694,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TacticalVegas,"To me this was a refresher to my old mega man adiciton. Just had to get used to the gameplay but didn't take that long at all. This game can be relentless. You have  to know your stuff you really move through it. It feels like a happy combination on Mega Man and Mega Man X series, at least in my perspective. Id recomend this to people who like older harder games and dont mind having to learn and fail over and over again."
76561198028606036,Recommended,314710,23861086,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blaank,"I was looking forward to this game a lot !Bought it after reading about all the bad press about it.I dont understand why there is so much hate about the game I'm having a lot of fun with itThe game is harder than Megaman games and I have been struggling with a few boss but I like the challenge !Fun times, no regrets :D"
76561198132632574,Recommended,314710,28382853,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,kayson2011,"After waiting several years for a Mega Man related game to be released, I have to say if feels good to play a 2D side-scrolling game that reminds me of what made 70% of the Mega Man games (the Classic, X, Zero and ZX series) great. I don't understand why this game gets negative reviews, it makes me question what makes a game a terrible game, I mean, Mighty No.9 is most definitely not a rushed game, and I experienced no glitches."
,Recommended,314710,23832204,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PlayStation Fanboy,"If you are looking for a MegaMan game, do not buy this.This game is; however, a cool platformer which is worth a try."
76561198173835327,Not Recommended,314710,24555957,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mother's Boy,"All it is is an absolutely TERRIBLE rip off of mega man. And it's not even one of those games that is so terrible that it's funny. It's just HORRIBLE and frustrating! And I love mega man! It's difficult in a fun way. Mighty No. 9 is easy and only time you'll die is because of stupid game mechanics and glitches. I WANT MY TWENTY BUCKS BACK!!! ;,,("
76561198142758558,Recommended,314710,25498740,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,TheMtnDewd64,"I preordered Might No.9, and was excited for a SIMILAR game to MegaMan. I knew it was very hard to compeat to MegaMan 2 or 3, but I was excited to play this game that was LIKE MegaMan!"
76561198103557314,Not Recommended,314710,23875105,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,william_savard398,the blackberry for game
76561197971516631,Recommended,314710,23833472,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Retro Gaming & Repair,"We set the bar too high on this one. If Mighty No. 9 would not have been compaired to Mega Man this whole time I believe more people would have enjoyed it. Beck is not the Blue Bomber, never will be.With that said, I still enjoy this game. It's fun and challenging. The graphics do leave a little to be desired, they seem a bit like Playstation 2 era. Voice acting is a bit cheesy at times. But I don't believe they ruin the game as a whole.The price tag as is isn't horrible. I'd still recommend waiting for it to go on sale.All in all I'd give it a solid 6/10. Not great, but also not as bad as most people are making it out to be."
,Recommended,314710,23815427,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kahai,"From what I have read, there are four main problems that everyone seems to be having. The graphics suck, the controls are loose, the level design is uninspired and the music isn't up to par with the rest of the Megaman franchise.Firstly, I'll have to agree that the music isn't as memorable or as catchy as the music in the earlier Megaman games, there is no Dr Wily's Castle Theme or Storm Eagle Stage Theme to be found here. Not to say the soundtrack is bad by any measure, there was just no particular theme which stuck in my mind after finishing the game. As for the graphics, they are bright and colourful with lots of interesting robot designs, but if the Dreamcast-era 3D isn't your thing, this game isn't going to suddenly change your mind.Moreso than any other Megaman game, Mighty No. 9 emphasises speed in its controls, a lot of the level sections (especially those in No 1's stage) require you to quickly dash through areas while either avoiding or collecting the assorted enemies along the way, it reminds me a lot of the Megaman Zero games and their emphasis on running and cutting through your foes to get to the end as fast as possible. This is something that the controls loan themselves well to, with the ability to dash multiple times in the air and with most enemies only requiring one or two hits with your buster to become vulnerable, blitzing through the tropey stages feels satisfying.The levels themselves have similar platforming challenges, but with one or two interesting gimmicks thrown in to mix them up, one particular level that stands out is one where you are stripped of all your collected powers and are forced to play the Roll-like sidekick to infiltrate a prison complex. It is particularly interesting since your weak stungun forces you to evade and think around the enemy patterns instead of just blindly shooting everything dead, it was an interesting change of pace which I wish the game had explored more.It seems like a lot of hate for this game has stemmed from the poor way the kickstarter campaign was managed, although if you can manage to look past the flood of negative press, Mighty No. 9 is well worth picking up, especially if you want an interesting take on the old Megaman formula."
,Recommended,314710,24305594,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Proctologist,"This game is actually quite good, despite the business bunglings and prom nights with anime fans and the like.  It's got a pretty strong level of difficulty but it's fast paced and very honest about what kind of game it is.It does a lot right - The combo system makes you want to keep trying for more points, though having the dash be your asorbing move does make you stagger your shots so you don't miss that 100% - which is a questionable choice for a game like this, but at the same time it's neat how you can air dash almost indefinitely or even dash downward......it's just a pity some of the game mechanics are only explained in the tips menu.The boss fights are fun, too.  I hear people complain about insta-kill attacks and the like and so what?  Difficulty isn't a bad thing.  You learn and you dodge.The business campaign behind this game is sketchy but the game itself is really fun, even if it's not as pretty as the demo had us originally believe it would be.  Worth the relatively low price."
76561198085049329,Recommended,314710,23834438,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ajb1978,"I'm really not sure what all the negativity is about, this is a really fun game.  There's definitely a challenge, and you should expect to die often, but it's nothing you can't pick up on in a few minutes.   I would say this definitely serves as a spiritual successor to Megaman, as it really felt like I was playing one of the old classics.  People have been complaining about the animation and the voice acting, but the thing is that's all part of the style.  That's like criticizing The Wizard of Oz because half of it was shot in black and white.  That's part of the art.  Not everyone can appreciate it though, I suppose."
,Recommended,314710,29289334,Posted: 15 January,all,IcyNekoinabox,"Heres my review: Excellent stand alone gameHere's why you might love it:classic platformerstanding alone its amazingthe voice acting is cute and funthe fights are unique and make you think and fight.Things you will dislike:The fact that you will always hold the game to its origin (dont do that)compare to far worse and diffrent platformers (Dont compare a game like shovel knight to this, its not the same)You might dislike some abilities since they ""are not megamans"" (♥♥♥♥♥ all youd like its not ♥♥♥♥ing megaman, this game shouldn't be held accountable for you butthurt♥♥♥♥♥Overall: 8/10 + Good game and platformer +Balanced and not extremly punishing -Nostolgia will make some people angry, which is the persons fault not the games"
76561198025184671,Not Recommended,314710,23852498,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mweissm,"I played, I thought, I cried.0/10 don't even think about buying it."
,Recommended,314710,23887824,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dragon Ranger,"I can't help it, I love Mighty No. 9.I wasn't a Kickstarter backer, but I was just as skeptical as the rest of the crowd was when this game's release date got continually pushed back, the Red Ash debacle came up, and especially the cringeworthy marketing and advertising that was done leading up to the game's release. But, as I am still a big fan of Megaman, Megaman X, and Megaman Zero, I couldn't pass on a game that set out to be a similar experience, despite that skepticism pointing at the idea that this game had no chance of living up to the hype it had created for itself.But even with my cynical hat on, I still couldn't deny I enjoyed my experience. I will admit, I wasn't following this game's progress from alpha build to finished product, aside from a handful of screenshots I came across now and again. But I will say that I think this game fell victim to the symptoms of hype-building, especially in the realm of crowdfunded projects.When you have a fan base staved for a franchise that was at one time extremely successful, and is now essentially dead, the dedicated fanbase is going to be stirred up in a frenzy at the prospect of a successor, and I can't blame them. I know many of my favorite games will never see even a single sequel, and can only image how excited I would be at an announcement of a spiritual successor, as well as my expectations to be immediately sky high.So if my lenses aren't seeing the full picture of what kickstarter backers were seeing throughout development, I can understand where our perceptions of the game would differ, but I don't think that invalidates my opinion. And from my time with the game, I can wholeheartedly say that, for me,  Mighty No. 9 is very enjoyable, and has enough of the features I would be looking for in a 2d platformer shooter, to say I would recommend this game.To be fair, in the same vein, I enjoyed most Megaman games more than Mighty No 9, especially in the areas of music, and dialogue/ voice acting. Sure, maybe not as bad as Megaman 8's voice acting, but this game does have a good 20+ year period of advancement in video game voice acting standards. But again, when it comes down to the gameplay, Mighty No 9 is just too much fun for me. The only other aspect I can criticize is that, in terms of difficulty, Mighty No 9 does feel like a bit of an easier overall experience, especially on a retry, where the frequency of drops generally increases, but I also have seen some people say this game was very difficult, so maybe that's too subjective to point out one way or the other, but if I had to point out another area of concern, that would be it.Otherwise, I've had a great time with this game, and not just as a fan of Megaman, but as a fan of 2d action platformers in general.I can definitely understand a backlash, especially considering the absolutely abysmal advertising, and how disappointing and out of touch Comcept must have seemed to the dedicated fan base, but I also think its important to put my opinion out concerning the merits of the finished game itself, and in that regard, Mighty No 9 was a genuinely enjoyable game for me."
,Recommended,314710,25080593,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SENNOSHI,Decent gameplay and the Ray expansion is also quite enjoyable.
76561197965922649,Recommended,314710,23820809,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OldNGamer,"I have played all the megaman games that has come out to date, and I must say, I really like mighty no 9.first things off, I can skip all the dialouge, thank god (most important part in these kinda games). and the game is faster and more challenging than the megaman games. bosses are kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ have tried two so far. one which really let's out silly stupid one liners that makes me laugh.Stages are more challenging as well, with some secrets you can very fast miss because of the fast movement, which is awesome ^^ . I actually have liked the stage building in this game more than half ot the megaman games so far. I have only played the fire stage and the ice stage  and the underwater ice stage has some routes you can go, and you will get instakilled if you touch some floors and what not (like the original megamans)the only thing about the stages that I have a problem with is that you get waaaay to many checkpoints ^^ It had sufficed with one in the middle like megaman, and one before the boss. but ahwell. I like how when I had to play from the beginning again I was much faster and could handle stuff alot better. so personal improvement by dying! *thumbs up*controllers are tight, Mn9 responds directly to my buttons which I find awesome. (playing with xboxpc controller)graphics are ok , im not really a graphics nerd but I have liked what Ive seen so far. I liked how the towers in the backround falls on you in the fire stage and ♥♥♥♥s your♥♥♥♥♥♥up, totally messing with my jumping timing ^^Im gonna dig right into it again. I am having a blast."
,Not Recommended,314710,24124724,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Turtle Power,"Ordered my pizza explosions in 2015, they arrived a year later.I want my money back Inafune, you filthy mofo."
76561198006811861,Recommended,314710,23946707,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jack,"As a long time megaman fans,the game is generally fun, playable, reasonably challenging, but together comes with frustration.1. there are too many instant death traps, which are not reasonable, and they are usually too far from the spawn point.Instant death traps are OK, but only when there are really treasurable items at the other side. In mighty no.9, sorry, they are everywhere!2. Boss fight are challenging, reasonably hard, but man!  I still need to learn the patterns with my life! Give us more 1-up if there are challenges incoming please. Everytime when I start to get use to the boss pattern, I used up 2~3 (at most) of my life, and - boom! - Sorry, You have to start from the beginning, Come on man, that's not fair at all!3. Too much narrating. Just skip to the gameplay please, no one cares about the story of a platformer."
76561198052067491,Recommended,314710,23837354,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Evil.Teran,"As you can tell from my avatar, I'm a big Megaman fan. This game isn't perfeect by any means, but overall, I feel that it has been reviewed a little harshly.Pros:1. Good boss and weapon design2. The dash mechanic leads to fluid movement and allows for level design that requires taking advantage of it3. Fast paced movement compared to MM without feeling too ""hack and slashy""4. The levels are challenging to get through, but never feal unfair (so far)5. Challenge mode! Something that MM needed for a while and got a little of in MM9/10, so this is always welcome.Cons:1. Cut scenes are too lengthy (but skippable)2. Voice acting (English) is not particularly good3. Some enemies are very annoying to deal with (guys that float just out of reach dropping endless bombs on highway stage come to mind).Nuetral:1. Graphics aren't amazing, but not amazingly bad either, their just ""ok""2. Once you have defeated one boss, there is a means to KNOW which stage to use that weapon on next in game. I kinda liked the trial and error of MM.Overall:I think the trouble with this game is the hype that's been building for so long. Frankly, I'm not sure anything would have met expectations by the time it came out. I think it's worth noting that none of the cons that I experienced were gameplay related, and to me, gameplay is the biggest part of any game.Is it the mind blowing successor to MM that takes things to a whole 'nother level? No. But if you like tough platforming and the classic MM idea of stealing weapons to take advantage of boss weasknesses, then you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561198091222664,Recommended,314710,25410313,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Grey,"The PositivesI'll start by saying this game is not easy. It'll definitely have you retrying states until you get good, just like a classic game would and also, the game is very fast paced. It is very gratifying when you perfectly shoot enemies and absorb them in rapid succession. The bosses are interesting and will physically help you out with stages that they are able. The music is amazing, coming in 8-bit and also the normal soundtrack.The NegativesThe options menu is a bit glitchy. If you try to move through the menus too quickly, your game may crash. The explosive effects are lacking. The game requires your full attention if you want to do well. It is NOT Youtuber commentator friendly."
,Recommended,314710,25456471,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ZiShuDo,"I'm a big mega Man fan since 1994.This game is awesome! It's basically Mega Man all over again and that's the point of it isnt it?Sure it's suppose to be it's own thing and it is.The gameplay is mega many.Seriously I'm glad there is some kind of mega man out here especially by one of its original creators. Better than Capcom giving us NOTHING.The controls can be changed around so there's no point in complaining about it.You have the usual 8 bosses, and once you find the order, it gets a bit better. It still has its usual frustrating levels like all mega mans have.You have to get use to the absorbing thing that makes it different from Mega Man.The weapons you get can be fun.I'm glad Beck atleast has a male's voice. Beck is superheroish. Call is cute but I can tell there is going to be more character development for her in hopeful future installments.All these bad reviews are poop. I believe people these now and days are SPOILED. They expect tooo much.This game isn't perfect, it could be better but it surely is NOT bad.People complain of the graphics but why didn't they complain when Mega Man 9/10/Street Fighter came out as the newer Mega Mans?I do wish the Co-Op was more.. optionable but atleast we have a co-op. THere has never been a Mega Man co-op before!Perhaps put things like collecting money source and buying items.I give this a 8/10Pros: Gameplay, Controls, Characters, Storyish, MEGA NO. 9!Cons: ----"
76561198010444704,Recommended,314710,23828230,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,bottaro,"I've waited for so long for this game and I have to say it's pretty good, I really like the dash/absorbing mechanic and also the level design. No much to say, I am a big Mega Man fan (classic and X series) and I am not disappointed at all. I finished the game in normal mode in about 4 hours and 30 minutes, now I don't want to replay it right away but I feel like I have to wait some time. The challenges are fine but I didn't really like challenges in any kind of game. I tried online but for me it doens't work.Bad optimization."
76561198042192072,Not Recommended,314710,24238537,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zod the Defiler,"Simply put, not fun. Played for about 15 minutes and besides the horrible look and feel of the game in general, the dashing mechanic immediately made me hate this game. If you are looking for that megaman style experience avoid this one comepletely and go buy 20xx."
76561198099643851,Recommended,314710,24021944,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ragnahawk,"That Megaman for when you have already beat Megaman X 1-3 and Megaman Zero too many times too count. Not before. There's nothing bad about the game, people are just unhappy about the amount of money wasted putting it into every console."
76561198120696538,Recommended,314710,24345170,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,dcdawg13,I enjoyed this game it feels like Mega ma the graphics are ok too me I play a lot of classic video games I this was a great throwback to the 80s and early 90s.
,Not Recommended,314710,24525411,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻┻,"I waited for this game for such a long time, since it was announced on Kickstarter.  Didn't put any money down on kickstarter, but definitely pre-ordered it.  It kept getting pushed back and pushed back because of quality issues.  However, what we received seemed to be absolutely trash.The controls are clunky, there's noticable latency during game play, and certain features have to be unlocked by playing through.  I wish they added some codes and stuff and what not for single player, and made it more keyboard and mouse friendly.  Overall, kinda disappointed with this game.  I couldn't stand playing it more than the first level."
,Not Recommended,314710,29195499,Posted: 11 January,all,The Hightest Bar,“better than nothing” drup durp (4mil) durp durp.....
76561198180261585,Recommended,314710,26075746,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,sand lord,prosfun megaman game playsteave blumlevels change based on what order are playednice lookingcan be hardconsmay need to fix crashing by doing stuff with filemeh storymeh voice acting beside blum
76561198042708015,Not Recommended,314710,23800001,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xXBattleBoy31Xx csgogem.com,No just no. Its time to stop. Four million dollars =♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3 years for this garbage.
,Recommended,314710,29128691,Posted: 8 January,all,McGamer,"I don't know why the game got so much hate, but I think it is enjoyable to play, and it gives me some kind of nostalgia from the megaman series, but with 3D design. This is what Megaman deserved.It's quite challenging which I kinda enjoy it shouldn't cater to the lazy♥♥♥♥♥gamers who wants easy to be one shotted.Welcome to the 90's where the games were super hard."
76561198012839407,Not Recommended,314710,25508289,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nightime,honestly pretty boring...
,Not Recommended,314710,23880580,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jaden,"the level design is stale, and the game is both easy and frustrating at the same time, oh and i frogot to mention the characters have no depth and the graphics were ripped straight out of the PS1"
,Recommended,314710,24195937,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Commander BroShep,"Ok so after playing the game more and beating it, my opinion has changed for the game. (my previous one was summed up in a Jontron clip)The first time you play this game, you're going to die. A LOT. But after a number of deaths, you'll be able to play it better, albeit slightly. Some of the bosses can be pretty BS however, Pyro and Cryo being two examples. Pyro has a OHK move after you take away half his life bar, Cryo is just annoying as all hell, 'nuff said.I WAS able to beat the game after quite a while but some of it leaves a pretty bad taste in my mouth. The story is confusing at best, especially the Ray DLC. We could have used better back story.The gameplay is sort of solid. And sadly like Mega Man, Mighty No. 9 has awkward enemy/obstacle placements that can spell the difference between life and death.Playing as Call was a nice touch however, wish she could be more used in the game instead of just for one stage.The characters in the game as a whole are nice, but some really don't stand out to me as much as they should. The only ones I like are Avi and Countershade (Steven Blum FTW).The one thing I will say I like about the game is the Challenge Mode (Solo), these can be excellent to learn how to use Beck's weapons more effectivley in-game.Overall, the game really could have been so much more and I hope Inafune-san will take this as a learning experience for future games or possibly perhaps a sequel to the game.So if you wanna buy the game, go for it. As I said, you're going to die a lot in your first playthrough but once you know the enemies, stages and bosses well, you'll be able to play it better."
,Recommended,314710,23807917,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Forra,"Challenging unto hard.. but really fun nonetheless!  Everything works well and I'd honestly recommend it to anyone wants a decent platformer to struggle with.  Just.. preconceptions might be best left at the door, be they good or bad ones.About the only quibble I so far have is I cannot for the life of me get my controller's D-pad to work.  The buttons were also a bit higgledy-piggledy but the ingame configuration sorted that.  Oh and I was pleasantly surprised to find a Japanese audio option o.o  Which is nice since unfortuantely English Beck seems to sound like that-one-guy-plays-every-non-grizzled-lead-character >.>"
,Not Recommended,314710,23717688,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Willy_Sunny,"As someone mentioned, ""The 7 day demo looks better than the final game, WTF happened?"" Here's the answer to that: Because this game is incorrectly named. It's actually called Mighty No. 2. This game is NOT the Mighty No.9 we are looking for."
,Recommended,314710,24079676,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,8-Bit Assassin,"Oh Mighty No. 9, you're good but you could have been great.  Chalk Mighty's flaws up to a developer that bit off more than they could chew with their kickstarter stretch goals.  That said the game does deliver a solid platformer experience and is a true spiritual successor to Mega Man.  While I was beyond annoyed during some of the levels due to outright needlessly punishing level design, I believe that Mighty could be the next great thing if the team goes back and corrects the flaws for the planned sequel (yep, the creator has already said he wants to do one).  While this is the true Mega Man successor, it lacks the flavor and likability of Megaman's cast and that is one thing I take issue with and hope that they will correct in the next game.  If you do decide to pick up the game, I highly recommend buying the Ray DLC with it.  Ray is (in my opinion) the best character of the game and the backstory of Ray is far more interesting than the main storyline of Mighty.All in all, a good game.  Good, not great, but I believe that the roots are here for what could be a great franchise."
76561198390379595,Not Recommended,314710,33087386,Posted: 1 July,all,kenniSnotpro,"This games to difficult and unfair. Buy it if you really love difficult games, other wise if you're casual, don't waste your time on this game if you're expecting this to be the new megaman. SYou shouldn't buy it, whether it's on sale or not. Get games that are actually good like Dust or Specter of Torment. Those are way better indie games than mighty no. 5.6"
76561198263874931,Recommended,314710,24004825,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Squeeedwahalesaurus,"I don't understand why this game gets so much crap. Even though I haven't played it that much yet, I like it. And even though, yes, I will admit, the graphics aren't the best, it still is just as fun gameplaywise as the original Mega Man series. At least it's not Mega Man X7."
,Not Recommended,314710,23814508,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,R.C. Davidson,"I originally wasn't gonna review this game, but I had some time to play the game and had no reason not to.  First of all, the game itself isn't bad.  Sure, it's not as hard as say Megaman, but I wouldn't call it terrible.  My issue with the game is that for nearly four million dollars, it looks terrible.  Now, I don't usually argue about graphics, but there is a bit more than meets the eye.  First of all, this game looks like a PS2 game, a comparison I barely make, and the textures, for the most part, or rather low res.  Take that with cutscenes that barely have animations, and you got a basic looking game.  I can understand wanting anime/cartoonish characters, and I'm all for it, but did it bother them to animate the mouths at least, instead of having them hang their mouths open like idiots?  Even budget Roll, I mean Call, looks like she doesn't want to be there, as she stares blankly into your soul as if she's saying ""just exit the game.  You don't want to play it.""Speaking of Call, the sound is mixed.  The voice acting ranges from cheesy, if lucky, to boring as all hell, like Call.  Music is also mixed, as there is a small chance you'll get a likable tune.  Retro BGM helps, but it's still meh.My biggest problem with the game is the optimization, and believe or not, this is the best version of the game in that regard, and even that isn't saying much.  I can run the game at 60 FPS just fine most of the time, which is to be expected with a bland looking game like this, but there are still times where it will take, for example, Mighty No 1's level.  Remember that ""epic"" pizza explosion in the trailer?  Well, there's a part you navigate in a hallway engulfed with it, after it ignites the oil on the ground, and my framerates tank to the 30s on this one part, and this is on a PC with a FX 8350 and a GTX 960, a build that can run many intense games at 60 FPS.  How is this happening?Overall, it's a game that had the potential to be good, but giving the rocky development, along with trying to fund a second project before this game came out and numerous delays including for dumb reasons like Online Play, I can't say I was surprised.  Deep down, you can find a decent game, but this is the case of a Kickstarter campaign going bad, and even with games like Yooka Laylee, Bloodstained, and many other titles coming out and looking good, it doesn't help the outlook of crowdfunding at all.  If you still plan on buying the game, I say less than $10 is the best price for it.  At least that's better than nothing."
,Recommended,314710,23783381,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Yunicon,"The first time I played this game was yesterday, 3 days after the american and asian releases. I was really worried that this game would suck, because of all the bad reviews it got. So I went in with not expecting much, and not looking at it as a megaman clone. As its own game. Now, what do I think of it...Its great! The gameplay is fluent, the graphics better then expected (the gameplay sections look alive, cutscenes less so), the stages are fun and interesting. Even the menu is awesome, with a map with the location of all the mighty's. If you like platformers and are in for something new, then I would reccomend you to take a look at this game. And remember, go in with a fresh mind, not expecting too much. Then this game will be greatI rate this game a 8/10. Good job Comcept!"
76561198034128543,Recommended,314710,23777584,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,treoaender,"Honestly this game is pretty good, not perfect nor graphicly impressive but i enjoyed it till the end, the cutscenes are boring though. I give it a 8/10 based solely in its gameplay"
,Recommended,314710,23852598,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"A game that's cursed by it's name, Mighty No.9 hit the market (late) admist a cloud of negative perceptions, people didn't like the change in art style, delays in production, and a horribly tone deaf advertising campaign.So after all that I'm reccomending this game.Why?Because it's been fun to play. As simple as that. If this title had shown up on steam without the press, or developer associated with it, I have no doubt it would have become a sleeper hit.Enough soap boxing what I liked+ Old school game play, its not new or innovative, but it hits the points of the original MM series well+ Bosses, You will run into them midway through a stage and launches  a mini challenge, also when you do fight them, itsold school pattern recognition. These guys you need learn how they attack and how they move in order to forumlate a winning strategy.+ A full game, you get a campaign (w. bous ray missions) that calls back to MM games of old by letting you choose the order you take on  levels/bosses.  In addition you can play on a mode that exchanges the health bar for 1 hit kills. Also there is an Ex mode comprised of several ""VR"" minicourses that are timed forays into sharpening a particluar skill (ie dashing,accelerating etc...)What I didn't like:- Janky cutscenes, not that I play a game like this for its plot, but putting a picture place holder  on view while randomly voicing some of the text and not others is just poorly done, and smacks of running out of time or money. Its like the place holder sketches you find in some early access titles.-This is more personal taste but would have like a Charged shot mechanic, I was always a MMX fan more than just plain MM and liked the veristilty  that and other moves added to play. The game makes up for this some with a wide variety of powers claimed from defeated bosses, so its not a huge neg, but would have preferred it.So there you have it, overall I found it a fun if conventional game that fills the niche of modern mega man like titles.I'd score this title  a:0b111 out of 0b1010"
,Recommended,314710,23878520,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,John Ward,"This game has a lot in common with megaman 1-6 or X1. It's a solid game, entertaining, and nostalgic. If you love old capcom platformers just get it, it's worth the price.You'll notice some negative reviews but that's because a bunch of man children couldn't seem to wait on the game to be released and felt they are owed something. They delievered Mighty No. 9 get over it. Git Gud scrublords....Good god get a life. It's a rip off of a game made in the 80's for kids to play and you people expect some masterpeice. It is a hate band wagon obviously. Show me one review that doesn't talk about delays or expectations. The hate is not about a colorful mega man game it's about not getting what you expected and waiting for it. Other then mega man 9&10, Mighty No 9 is still better then any mega man game released in the last 13 years."
,Recommended,314710,23810901,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,WebberTon,a lot of people who complain because they wanted a new Mega Man. But it was never a new Mega Man would be a new game not to be confused with a Mighty no.9 MegaManit's like you buy a CD of Michael Jackson and want him to sing Elvis PresleyBUT I AM EXPECTING VERSION FOR MACWHAT NOT LAUNCH
,Recommended,314710,23775855,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Synthetic Pixel,I dunno if this is because I did NOT follow any of the dev/kickstarter or what but I actualy enjoyed the gameplay. I simply knew about the game and played it watching no reviews so I know nothing of what the orginal promises for this game was. The story is kinda meh.. it plays out like a staturday morning cartoon....... but overall I enjoyed the gameplay runs pretty solid on my pc only a fps drop everyonce in awhile and clears up in a second or two. overall I enjoyed it even with the MEH ... story. Though what the crap is up with the trailer??? are you really gonna insult your audience???
76561198022225579,Recommended,314710,23789268,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MintyBear,"Hello! Well this is my first time reviewing, so ill just be covering basics about the game, and at the end ill let you know if this is overall a good game or not, I may just be stating the obvious, by hey, why not.Mighty No. 9 is a game that I used to be very excited for. However it just took so long that hype died down and I honestly forgot about it, however when it was released I heard so many bad things about it. People consistantly comparing it to the creator's previous endeavors ""Megaman"". at first I was very upset, because although I dont play the traditional games of Megaman, I was a very big fan of Megaman Battle Network. Anyhow, when getting this game, here were my first impessions.The controls on a controler were very clunky at first, and honestly? I wouldnt recommend it. The controller (At least, the Steam controller is a bit large for this game, you need to do very quick and precise maneuverability, so when you attempt to do that on the very new, very large steam controller, you tend to mistake controls a bit. However, if you circumvent the controller and just remain on keyboard, the game handles fairly well.The gameplay, although very pretty to look at, doesnt really do all too much in the long run. Comperable to your old car, sure it's not beautiful, but you could pull of drifting on the dang thing without much trouble at all. thats how I feel about the Gameplay Control, it's not super amazing, and earthshattering, but it wasnt broken, and it didnt need to be fixed.Around the concept of the dash? I feel like it fell short in one area. Making Mighty dash into enemies wasnt a very smart design choice in all honesty. As much as it feels nice to get buffs? it tends to launch me into the face of an enemy that I could have sworn only took 2 shots, but was still standing after 2. Perhaps im making mistakes in calculation but with casual play, it seems like it's a detriment. I love the dash when im traversing, it helps when I need to go fast, and when I need to be careful, I simply move my finger away from the Button. I hope if a continuing of this game is released, please get rid of the absorbtion mechanic. It's not very good, and I am left very dissapointed on that front.This game also features something mentioned earlier in this review, Buffs. Yes, buffs are in this game. Although I cant place the yellow one as easily by name, it seems like it goes like this: Red buff will allow your shots to pierce enemies, as well as doubling your damage, its very useful when going against a boss if you've died once to it, and you've finally mustered up the courage to try to go all out. The Yellow Buff is either Shot speed, Number of Bullets allowed on screen, or both. I havent really tested this buff effect as this game is very fast paced. Though I notice that I am able to shoot faster, and perhaps put more pellets on screen. The green buff allows you to go quicker, a very lovely addition in long enemy filled corridors and you're very low health. These buffs can save you, or break you honestly, it depends on the level design to decide if absorbing the enemy to get the buff is recomended.This game has a tendancy to go with the route Trial By Fire with it's gameplay I feel like having only 2 lives, is very uncomfortable, and a little too difficult for me, I could go with six lives, but for Irony sakes I went with 9. If you're going to get this game, you really need to be careful. this game will put your skills to think on the fly and adapt to new situations on overclocking levels. Just be ready for any jumps you think are comming, and you should be fine. Do not feel bad about dying in this game. Part of me feels like this was intended in some way as there's no significant penalty to my view of dying.Overall I was astounded to realize at the end of the day I was having a lot of fun with this game. Is it perfect? No, is it worldbreaking like Inafune ""promised""? No, and I understand some of the sour feelings from that, but this is a rather fun game to play, and I would very much recommend it to you. I havent tried the DLC, but im very excited to. For now, this is what im giving it. 8.9/10 A very good game."
76561198033223889,Recommended,314710,29451220,Posted: 23 January,all,Yuni Yukitatsu,"Very fun game, But I hope it can get better in the Sequel."
76561198225669280,Recommended,314710,23994117,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mayon123,"many players dont like this game, i dont now why they said that becouse its really fun and chanlengeng!"
,Recommended,314710,23829559,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rimfire,"honestly I dont see why people are so disapointed about this game.level design  ar great and challanging bosses fight and  refreshing new game playbut true this game is not for new comers  this gam e is real made for  Megaman veteransbelieve me this game is really challanging, especialy you are on final levelSorry Mighty No. 9  is 10 times better than  Megaman 9 and 10 you playout in 3 hoursI'll look forwards for there next game"
76561198073088368,Recommended,314710,23847547,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Silent One,I just finished this game a few minutes ago and this are my thoughts about this game. This game is frakking AWESOME to play through. Sure like any other Megaman game it's tough adn it's hard as crap to get through but it's very rewarding when you finish a stage and have the weakness of the Mighty Numbers.I enjoyed playing this game a lot and I can't wait for a sequel (if there ever is one)
,Recommended,314710,23812062,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Flyin' Hawaiian,"CalebHart42 said it was good. I say it's good, you should try it"
76561198001408368,Not Recommended,314710,23699478,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Queen HawlSera,"I don't know what to say about this TRASH that I can sum up in just a few words.Here's my blog, everything wrong with this unplayable mess is detailed within -https://geminiweavermusings.wordpress.com/2016/06/22/mighty-no-9-is-a-fraud/"
,Not Recommended,314710,23859585,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,oboun,disappointed.
76561198038605695,Recommended,314710,29455708,Posted: 23 January,all,Chauve-souris,"I would say this game is ok. Good if you are a fan of the genre but not more. The gameplay itself is megaman-like, jump-and-shoot (+dash thru). Kill a boss, get weapon which is good vs another boss megaman blabla you probably know the comcept by now. If it would be only of this it would be great.What is the game low point is level design;  specially, abuse of cheap instant-death traps. Those things always been in Megaman games, I got no problem with them, but Mighty No. 9 comes with the cheap placement version, comes with at best 2 pixels for error margin, would it be a few tricky spot in the game would still be ""hhmm ok I'll be extra careful"", but this happens in quite a lot of stages.Another bugger is the game likes to put enemies just high enough so you can't attack them but you got to wait for them to come down, legdes/attacks than requires the exact maxium jump heigh to be grab/dodged. Kind of if the dev was to add wall kick jumps but then went like ""lol nope"".And a personal of mine, a particular boss attacks  all look identicals - all charging toward you, but one variant you most dash over at max heigh, another you got to bait and run. One of the variant is also one-hit-kill.TL;DR - Game is OK but they made a crash course for Rainbow Dash and you are Princess Twilight on her 2nd day as an alicorn."
76561198087909003,Recommended,314710,32312249,Posted: 10 June,all,Butters,"While I recommend th game for gameplay, I would like to say the story and execution of said story is extremely lacking. I hope for future iterations if there are any, they make sure the story is cohesive and properly worded. Took me out of the experience and made repeat play through pointless. Gameplay was fun though."
76561198049983301,Recommended,314710,24284053,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Torvike,Better than nothing.
,Recommended,314710,23969502,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,KreeDrad,"I know there is a LOT of♥♥♥♥♥♥going on right now about this game from dev time to this game not even by a long shot being what we expected. I'm not a backer but I am just as disappointed as they are. I don't know what happened during development but I pretty we wouldn't have cared if they came out with each port separately and made patch as they went or just made this game a pre-access game until June 21st, you know to work out all the kinks. As a Megaman fan I expected more out of it, especially since Gunvolt was AMAZING! The graphics are okay, gameplay isn't the best, and on top of that the difference between a 7 day example with no budget vs the completed product in 3 years with 4 mil budget is obviously clear.BUT, it's not as terrible as it could have been, though nor as great. I would recommend this game because for what it is, not what was expected, it's not a terrible game at all. I'm willing to give Keiji another chance since he is the creator of ZERO not Megaman.Something that would be cool is if Gunvolt 1&2, Mighty Gunvolt, and Mighty No 9, possibly Red Ash if he ever makes it, had Steam Workshop on it. Which on my free time I might see about that one.I mean sometimes♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan regardless if it was a great idea or not.If you are looking for a game you can just mess around but still have a challenege to it this would be the game you would want. Also cool thing about this game is the other Mighties help you in game! That's pretty dope!"
,Recommended,314710,24308592,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ace-Cobalt,just buy this game on a sale
76561198055075965,Recommended,314710,24383330,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"Steam forces you to recommend or not recommend in reviews, but I'm honestly in the middle.  When you don't take into account the drama an the PR nightmares, and you put this game into a vacuum, its honestly not a bad game.  I just dont think its very good either.By now we all know this is a Mega Man type game.  This also comes with the usual elements, including the retro difficulty.  If you do not like a challenge do not get this game.  Anyone who has played an old Mega Man or even an old Ninja Gaiden will notice the challenge right away: with most of your deaths coming via insta-kill except when the boss kicks your teeth in.  Unlike the old Mega Man games, it does sorta tell you the weakness before you enter a stage, making it easier to transition between robots.  The gameplay is pretty solid and the controls are also thankfully pretty good.  And beating a stage usually is very satisfying.But the other stuff is where the wheels kind of fall off.  Some suspect level designs and the ""surprise"" insta-death traps that show up out of nowhere are pretty cheap (but retro-like). The majority of characters are extremely annoying (seriously Dr. Sanda, shut the hell up), although Steven Blum as Shade was pretty awesome, as usual.  The story is pushed, but really I felt was throwaway at best.If the game was GOTY material, the PR stuff and delays, etc would not matter, but its not even close.  Still its not a bad game.  Nothing great stands out, but it also doesnt have anything truly terrible about it.  It's just there.  I think its like a 5.5 or 6 out of 10, because while it got the core elements down pretty good everything extra works against it, not for it.  If you want to get it, I suggest waiting for a sale, because its not worth the $20 tag."
,Not Recommended,314710,23902732,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MakRa,"I read a lot of negative reviews, but being in the mood for a good megaman-style game anyway (and a 15-year fan of the franchise), I figured I would at least give it a shot.In hindsight, it was a HUGE mistake.TL;DR, don't make the same mistake.Everything about the gameplay is a thousand times worse than I expected (with low expectations). I have not found it easy, which I was afraid that it might be. But it also not challenging. In fact, it's just frustrating. Most of the time that I take damage, I do not feel as though I could have prevented it. This is incredibly anti-megaman. The core dashing mechanic requires you to shoot enemies and then ram your body into them, and incentivizes you to do it as quickly as possible. It feels a bit inconsistent and unclear when an enemy is able to be dashed through. This leads me into a lot of situations where I dash into enemies, expecting to kill them, and just take damage instead. You also have increased knockback while dashing, making this worse. Since this is literally the most core mechanic of the game and is required to fight almost all enemies, it is a huge problem. It is not fun. Megaman is fun because I feel like I take damage when I mess up. In mn9, I feel like I take damage (or die) because I can't figure out what the heck the game wants me to do. You literally just jump, shoot, and dash and it's still so unclear.(side note: this tag-and-dash to get high scores mechanic is similar to Azure Striker Gunvolt. I liked ASG. I dislike this game's mechanic.)The level design is really boring. The controls have been unintuitive, and hard to change (I'm not using an xbox controller). The voice acting is really slow, and pretty cringe-y. The music is lame (Which is a big deal to me). The story is bland as expected, but feels really forced on the play experience anyways. I have very little that is good to say about this game. After one level, I regretted my purchase and debated if it was worth it to continue playing at all.This is not a biased article because I have been waiting for this game for years. I just can't find enjoyment in it."
,Not Recommended,314710,23841886,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pinkBrood,"Sadly, it feels very cheap and unpolished, as you might see i have only played a few minutes so take it for what it is, but compared to the megaman series this is utter crap :("
,Not Recommended,314710,26090601,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DJ Masterson,"Note: Inafune never said ""It's better than nothing"". That was his dumb american translator's personal opinion (and a stupid one at that). Inafune has gone on record as being nothing but apolagetic about the negative backlash this game has recieved.... that said it completely deserves all that negative backlash. The gameplay manages to be chaotic and uninteresting at the same time, a heretofore unheard of feat. The story is bland and drones on without your consent, the voice acting and script leaves much to be desired and the level design tries to pass off fake-difficulty tricks (like liberal application of instant death traps) as TRUE difficulty.In short, it truly is NOT ""better than nothing"", because I have alternatives for that.Like Shovel Knight.Or Hyper Light Drifter.Here's a fun fact. Mighty Number 9 amassed an ASTRONOMICAL 4 MILLION DOLLARS toward it's funding by fans. Real fans. Real MegaMan fans. It's goal was only 900 thousand.Shovel Knight was done with a budget of around 350k.Hyper Light Drifter around 600k.You'll notice both of these are not ONLY less than 4 mother-f***ing million, but they are also significantly less than MN9's original goal of 900k.There are no excuses for this."
76561198025006012,Not Recommended,314710,26080581,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,david b death,I wanted to like this game but it's just not good.
,Recommended,314710,24004559,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,yun,"It's great, even late."
76561198344472590,Recommended,314710,33302325,Posted: 5 July,all,XSoraKeyheartX,"The best Megaman Alternative, Ever!"
76561198052041833,Recommended,314710,28550064,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GuiRoxo,Better than nothing hahaha
76561198025874950,Not Recommended,314710,23781198,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AlMsTsHaR,"it was a good gamei liked the game playuntil i tried the boss weaponsits full of $hiTandthe cinematic videos is too bad , u think the game is from PS1 or worestOH GODand for that u gys must w8 for discount offers to buy it19.99 is too much for this game"
76561198053113975,Not Recommended,314710,23818781,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,trnjamesbond,"Wow .  This is my first review on Steam.Mighty No. 9 is aweful.  It has the quality and feel of a Facebook flash game.  4 Million to make?  I would say $4 of garbage.  I just have to speak out about this nonsense of a game.  I definitely would not support kickstarter for future games.  The controls of this game, and the mechanics of possessed by a demon from hell.It feels like something I woould play on Facebook, I know I just mentioned that, but still, this game is really that bad, I paid 21.99 for this garbage, and I would not even consider this a game.  It feels like an old fashion arcade game where you keep putting quarters in, and nothing comes of it.I grew up in the era of Megaman, and the dev for this game should be beaten with a stick for being to ignorant of us gamers.  What a joke.  Note to dev, YOU SUCK!"
,Not Recommended,314710,29798974,Posted: 9 February,all,Far,Worst boss battle ever....ughhh
76561198134405978,Recommended,314710,24831701,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Adell414,"Mighty No. 9 for me was a fun experience and and over all fun time for me when i played the game.  Are there times when the level dicked me over and the answer is some times cause of how its made and on your first time threw it your not going to know whats up ahead and thats the point is to learn.  Graphicly its not the best for a 2016 game but for me the graphics are just fine for what type of game it is and how its shown and the gameplay imo is very fun and very megaman X like!  The voice acting for me is passible only cause its not bad but its not great either but its nice to have some, the only thing i don't like is that the characters don't like show emotion when they speak do to the lack of animation that shows the character is happy or angery etc.  Can i recommend this game to a new player and the answer is no cause they could easily get turned off from how the game is made and the level designs can just strat up make someone drop the game all together.  Can i recommend it to a long time megaman fan and the answer would be yes cause it plays and feels like a megaman game without megaman in it!  I do hope we get a sequal to this game and they put a lot more effort, time and listening to all the feedback (positive feedback anyway) from the fans cause this is a good game it was just executed wrong and they delaying of the game is what really did it.  So if your a megaman fan theny jump onto this game and have a blast cause after the main stuff theres plenty of extra things to do! :3"
,Recommended,314710,23774547,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Alucard Bloodlust,Just to be clear we all know this isnt Megaman... Right??? I don't think Mighty No. 9 is all that bad. There are a few perfomance issues that shouldn't exist but other than that I think its a good start for a new series that could potentially grow to be a game like Megaman was to our genteration.  This game feels a lot like a classic Megaman title only we can dash and the graphics are a little better xD.  I see a lot of potential in Mighty No. 9 and look forward to seeing Might No. 9 grow. I would definately recommend for kids!
,Recommended,314710,24557703,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ledain,"This game is an enjoyable action platformer, if you'd but give it a chance.Mighty No. 9. is not Mega Man. It doesn't have to be. They're very similar in concept, design, and plot, and they both had Inafune behind the wheel. But Mighty No. 9 is a modern take on the original ideas behind Mega Man. That's what a spiritual successor is.If you go in expecting Mega Man, you risk being disappointed. MN9 has some different mechanics, including short-term power ups and the Dash mechanic, that encourage the player to speed through the level despite the platformer's cautious instincts. So far, I've found that what it does, it does very well.So don't listen to the hate. If you want a fun game with some retro nostalgia mixed in, give Mighty No. 9 a shot. Go in without expectations! Buy it, try it, and if you don't like it, refund it. I went in with negative expectations, and came out pleasantly surprised."
,Not Recommended,314710,23696646,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MoganMoe,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t1. It is not controller supported so it is false advertising.2. Keyboard controls suck3. Generic Levels4. Generic Retro MusicIt's really sad how bad this game is lmfao
,Recommended,314710,23730114,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Twist,"Mighty No. 9 is not the terrible game that everyone is painting it as. Dont get me wrong this game is not 10/10, but there is much to be enjoyed in mighty no. 9. I believe the problem the game had was that it was supposed to live up to everyones expectations for being the next mega man, when it would have most likley never lived up to the nostalgic picture that they have of those games. Like i said Mighty no. 9 is far from perfect, but if you are looking for a fun and challenging 2d shooter/platformer i still recommend this game. My recomendation is that you wait for a steam sale and pick this game up for a discounted price, I predict that it will be discounted pretty quickly."
,Recommended,314710,23744032,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,HiddenFlame,"For starters, I LOVED THIS GAME.I spent hours upon hours playing this. Its fun and challenging. I want to keep playing it to max out everything, get all A's or S's if there is such a thing, And I can not wait for the next game in the series. It is a MUST PLAY,People say there are framerate issues. I didnt see ANY issuesBland Color Pallet? The game is beautifulIts not a Mega Man game? To hell with that non-sense, The creator of megaman made the game to BE megaman, Are you calling him a liar?So dont you dare say this game isnt worth playing."
76561198144677978,Recommended,314710,23834354,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,neptuniafan,"I am not a backer and I know what is the negativitiy the game's development as well as it's creator, but I am still giving it a chance after I read the apology by Inafune himself and how he blamed himself for letting the fans down.After beating the intro stage plus 3 Mighty stages, I am having fun with it. It is just like playing a Megaman game. While the game is difficult, after some tries and figuring out the ins and outs of the stages and bosses, it felt really satisfying after beating it.If you manage to put that negativity aside behind the development, and play the game for what it is, I think you might enjoy it. If Inafune really wants to make a sequel to this game, I hope he learns from his mistake and refine the next game and don't be too overconfident in anything."
,Recommended,314710,25966680,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Starchaser,"To simply put in words, The game really isn't as bad as most make it out to be, in fact, it's really good. As a long-term Megaman fan, I found this to be very delightful. When I die in this game, I get overcome with the ""One more time"" feeling, which to me is a sign of something being done right.The Highlights; You're first victory over a Mighty No. will feel amazing, Despite having the weaknesses for a certain boss, you're still required to learn the attack patterns and bring a strategy (No Spark Madrill syndrome).The Pros: Bosses are enjoyable, powers are great, Music is good, Challange is very fair.The Cons: Music volume is too low even at max, Graphics could use a bit more polish, Some of the challanges are harder than the entire game.On the side; There is a 64x Version of this game included sporting much better performance over the default 32x version, but oddly enough, The Steam overlay and achievements do not work on it.Final Thoughs; The Excel (Dash to kill) system is still rather rough, but the disclusion of the charge shot was a wise choice. Down Dashing in midair is somewhat un-needed except for a couple instances, Otherwise the game itself is rather enjoyable, Once the dust settles, I think this game will get more positive reviews in the future."
,Recommended,314710,25983521,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Atmey,"If you disregard all the hype and disapoints and just play the game for at is, it's not that horrible.+ Dash feels awkard at first, but when you get used to it, it really pushes the fast paced into 2D platformer shooter, but I think there is a little more room for imrovment.+ Depending on how you look on it, it's is still pretty harsh game.- Cutscene are too long, boring and not very well done, thankfully you can skip them.- Pizza looking expolosions could be better, but thankfully there are still some neat SFX too.- Plot is weak too, save the world from rebeling robots skynet out of did not hear that before.- Art style could be better, while MM series is anime/toony, it had some adult vibe in it, this went to even wackier.Itagaki who? out of 10"
76561197972564363,Recommended,314710,25999088,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,talbolus,"This game is not as good as it could have been, but probably not as bad as you have been led to believe.The not so good:The graphics - No mouth movements in cut scenes. Some very bad particle effects. Some of the bosses and a few of the stages do look pretty good, though.The sound - repetitive sounds like ""that's more like it!"" kill it after a while.The good stuff:Dash mechanic is fun.Interesting bosses, and some cool boss powers.Overall a good challenge.Decent length for this kind of game."
,Not Recommended,314710,32574412,Posted: 19 June,all,DarkMantle,"This game is terrible. I couldn't stand playing it. If you are a Mega Man X fan, do a favor to yourself and stay away, far far away from this game."
76561198029861215,Recommended,314710,23878199,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,exterminator2100,"Dear people who have a problem with this game. Here are some points1) Please stop comparing this to Mega Man. This is not a Mega Man game. I have told my friends this. I have done a puppet show explaining this. I have even hired a guy to spell it out in the clouds, but now you know.2) Most negative reviews I am reading are having control issues or saying the character ""feels wierd"". Pffffffffffffffffft HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH..........In that case, Get good!!!!!3) ""THe Price of the game is TOO DAMN HIGH"" I will give you that but since a certain other game that I pre-ordered got delayed, I dropped some money into this one so that I pick that up later.4) The Bosses are hard. Very hard: Refer to point 25) I put Kickstarter money into this? : On behalf of the time I consumed playing this game, I would like to thank you for all the support you put into bringing a very imaginative, child friendly, somewhat difficult, awkward dialogued game so that people can somewhat remember this for the future. I certainly will. I would like to say this game is a mix between the awkward dialogues of the old and uhhh......I cant think of anything. Sorry. But my point is simple. DEAL WITH IT!!!!!!6) All your above points are nonsense: Thank you for taking the time to read this. I can assure you on one thing you can take out of this whole review and that  is I really REALLY DO NOT CARE WHAT YOU THINK because mostly everyones negative reviews are are made up of the worst excuses in human history made up of a bunch of adult crybabies who expected something from something that looked good ended up being the worst piece of garbage.Trust me as I am typing this review, I had something exactly like that yesterday and I will never have it again unless I really find out what I am getting myself into. I really do not know what everyone really expected from this game and wish you got the game that you thought you were going to get but, its now too late for that and the only thing you can do is express your thoughts to the one that made the game and see if he can do better if given the chance next time or stop playing platformers like these for good and move on. Overall, I enjoyed the game for what it was. I wish there was more but oh well. I enjoyed what I played."
,Recommended,314710,23960904,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,¡CoKy Gaming Shop,Megaman Fans Are Here..I thought this new meta..not like any opinion this game have a bad control..not a fun game play..it's a need a bit adaptation..then you should diferentiate it with old megaman..this is a new game..with a new game play..but as same as fun like Megaman..Recomended..GO if You Need More Addictive Game..
,Recommended,314710,23839967,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,fffffff1212,gud
76561198068832656,Recommended,314710,24469524,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Seivar24,"It's really challenging early on and trying to get the 'dash kill' mechanic is a a little tricky, but it has alot of elements for nastalgia for megaman fans and is a good game"
,Recommended,314710,23845291,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,blackkingbuford,"I love Mighty No. 9. I think people will agree that it's not Mega Man but I'm glad to see games like this coming out. Good music, plenty of action and well worth the 20 dollar price tag. If you enjoy Mega Man or Gunvolt, I think you should pick this  up. It will only set you pack 2 packs of smokes. I'm giving this 7/10."
76561198084084679,Recommended,314710,23791919,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vile77,"Mighty No. 9 is part Megaman part something new.Although the game was very short and sometimes hard it wasstill challenging and fun to play.But there were also things I really missed if it comes to aMegaman successor. In particular I missed the In-GameBoss Refight Stage. If there is one thing that makes things uniquein a Megaman game, it's this. Besides that I wasn't very impressedby the new characters, storyline and voice acting.The music in the game was okay but that also could have been better.Would I buy this again...well maybe. If it comes to a sequel there willbe things that need to be fixed!"
,Recommended,314710,24093180,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AnonTwo,"The PR was bad, the marketting was bad, and the game is mismanaged. Now that we have got that out of the way.The game is a Megaman-ish game. If you are expecting the blue bomber then this may not be the game for you. If you are just looking for the typical Megaman design, then keep reading.The problems with the game are:-Most stages have a one shot area. Some bosses have one shot kills. You will lose lives until you learn these.-Beck is not Megaman. If you are used to characters like Bass and Zero, this may not be a problem for you. Beck has a weak buster but infinite dash and air dash.-A lot of moves are niche, while some are significantly stronger than others. The grenade is the powerful sticky bomb from earlier MM games, and is more powerful than the buster by far. The Electric attack on the other hand is difficult to use and incredibly expensive.-A lot of bosses aren't signicantly affected by their weaknesses. This may be good for you if you dislike one shot kill weaknesses.-Health Packs are almost nonexistant unless you have Support Items on. If you have Support Items on, it will feel like you are being babysat when you play poorly, as the game throws massive powerups at you.-The dialogue is cheesy, and the graphics aren't as charming as they could be.Now given all that, you may think I am not recommending the game, but I am. Because at the end of the day it is still a 'Run to the end of the stage, beat the boss, get their move' kindof game. It has quick gameplay, and while sometimes unfair it is still a decent challenge.Beck isn't megaman, but being able to dash infinitely is still a very fun to use mechanic. Depending on the stage you will be able to blaze through it.The one forgiving thing the game does is that your boss abilities will recover over time, meaning you won't have to worry as much about them running out. The game also goes by ZX logic, meaning that boss abilities also offer some movement augments in some cases, such as an infinite blade attack, a propellar to float with, and a charge attack.All in all: Do you like megaman-ish games? Mighty No.9 is worth 20$.Just keep in mind it's not megaman."
76561198044346871,Recommended,314710,23742883,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LilacKnight,"Something went horribly wrong with the graphics, and the english voice acting is terrible, and i didn't want the online features that were apparently a big part of the delays.What I really wanted out of this was a new megaman game, and i feel that they delivered, as far as the gameplay itself goes.If you liked the old megaman games and are willing to overlook some poor visual design choices, you will find yourself having quite a bit of fun with Mighty No. 9.Just don't pay full price for it."
76561197963495927,Not Recommended,314710,32671138,Posted: 23 June,all,Fister Roboto,"Been playing the Mega Man series since the 80's and I have to say it is one of my favorite franchises. That being said, although this game looks like a Mega Man clone on the surface, it is a steaming pile of garbage underneath. Stay away from this turd of a game."
,Recommended,314710,24000240,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Joss,It's a cool game :)
,Not Recommended,314710,25370739,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,HamisBakon,"I can't uninstall it! Like when I uninstall the files, I have to also delete the app, witch also CANT BE FOUND!!!!!"
,Recommended,314710,23882438,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hersan Uchiha,I... can't... stop... playing!!!!!!
76561198006567277,Recommended,314710,23743163,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Grubb,"This game is acutally quite fun. It's effectively just Mega Man.The game is mostly just lacking in the graphics department, which is disapointing considering how long it took them to make the damn thing... you'd think they could at least get character mouths to move when they talked.Either way, the gameplay is solid. I have no idea why everybody is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this game. It deserves better, even if it is just a mega man ripoff."
,Not Recommended,314710,23963840,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"That's Mr. Trump to you, son.","This game is a piece of crap, delays on turbo spamming with controller, lag on co-op and a whole lot I won't even bother mentioning."
76561198063863283,Not Recommended,314710,24579872,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DiggyTurp,"I'm not sure I'll be finishing this game, due to the terrible action noises from both the main character and every single boss that you have to fight. Mabye if I just get blackout drunk it will be tolerable."
,Recommended,314710,23809045,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GunsouAfro,"Absolutly love this game! It's not exactly like MegaMan, but it is as close as possible without Inafune getting sued! Any fans of MegaMan, or platformers need to play this game."
76561198102445455,Recommended,314710,23795322,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Feman26,I've really only played the first 6 Megaman games maybe i don't have the nostalgia that some of the other players do but i found this a lot of fun! I like the Mighty numbers and how they join in on the levels that they are strong against. I want more Mighty No. 9!
76561198093090277,Not Recommended,314710,33005223,Posted: 29 June,all,cocobanana_omer,i am so sad fo this
76561198053213637,Recommended,314710,23766958,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ikkisoad,"I started playing this game with the hate view I got after all those reviews saying this game was mediocre... So, after those I was specting way less than I got from it. It's a fun game, and yeah sure the movement can look unfair at some points, but if games were easy they would never be fun... we need challenges.I'm a huge Mega Man fan and I also played Azure Striker Gunvolt (another Inti Creates game) and MN9 reached the place in my mind that badges the game as unique. It was sucessful with the new mechanics and after some error and try you get through it with proud.The only thing that bottered me really was that we have only a few stages after the 8 bosses."
76561198137060842,Recommended,314710,23842811,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xnerd,"Ok. So I like megaman. I got hooked with Maverick Hunter X on the psp, and soon played all of them. Mighty no. 9 is not as good, but is still a hell of a lot of fun. I found disabling enemies and dashing through them incredibly satisfying. The game may not look the best, but the gameplay is what really counts. Good graphics  mean nothing if the gameplay is no fun. And this is fun. I would reccommend this, and I hope people stop hating and realize that it's really fun. It's not for everybody, but it's still a lot of fun. I did not back this on kickstarter, but I waited three delays after my pre-purchase, and I am still satisfied."
,Recommended,314710,23742601,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mecha-K9,"I like it.Theres a lot not to like.Decide for yourself. Its obvious this only appeals to certain gamers. Cast aside the hype.Satisfies my hunger for another megaman game. People complain, but has CAPCOM done any better?"
76561198295351823,Recommended,314710,24002138,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,old dirty hep,"If I told you for $20 you would have an indie game with PS2 era level visuals, tight challenging retro gameplay from the 8 bit/16bit era, and would play a lot like Megaman, depending on what your tastes on gaming were, you might be interested. Shovel Knight and Undertale went retro style, even Capcom's own Megaman 9 and 10 went 8 bit. Yet I keep reading and hearing absurdly unfair criticism of this game?The backstory on how the game was made, funded, and delayed has nothing to do with what the game actually is, exactly what it set out to be, a Megaman spinoff/unofficial sequel/successor. For what the game was intended to be it is very good. Not perfect, there are instances of framerate issues, the extras are kinda boring, but the main game? The main game is my favorite Megaman game since 1993 with the very first Megaman X.The art design, animations, music all are more reminiscent of the Megaman X series than the original Megaman series. The dash attack is a novel fun idea that is the biggest game changer since the wall climb in the X games. Of the 8 robot master stages, 6 of them are flat out throwbacks that any Megaman fan should feel at home with, it is more challenging than the MM games of the 80's and the early Megaman X games, but it is old school in you memorize timing, patterns and learn when to shoot/jump/dodge/dash.The most original level and biggest departure from the Megaman formula is the sniper stage where you are chasing down a robot master from room to room while he targets you in a stage inspired by the White House. I liked that stage that it broke from the MM formula.The Aviator tower, wind level is not the first time we have seen a level like that in a Megaman game, but I feel it is executed better than it ever was in this game. Fire and Ice levels are also nothing new to MM games, here it maybe more run of the mill but still not bad. The cave level with something chasing you has also been done before, but it is done well here too.Beat the 8 main robot masters and its like going to Wily/Sigma's castles again where you are expected to use all your abilities to beat the final parts. There is a break from this where you use Call (which she is obviously Roll) and that is a nice break from the rest of the main Beck levels.The music is catchy (8bit mode is a fun option too), its the best looking MM game ever (I know that wouldn't be tough since MM hasn't had hardware to work with in a very long time), the gameplay is fast paced, fun, and does take chances at times while still staying at its core a really good Megaman game.If I was to score it, I would give it a 8 out of 10. If you are an older gamer that grew up with Megaman, you will like this game. A lot of hate by those that funded it and the business of making a game, but now that its out judge it for what it is, a Megaman type game, on that it is one of the better MM games I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,314710,24322404,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Orange,"I'm primarily writing because there is no controller support.  For a side-scrolling platformer that's pretty much bananas.  I am not interested in some back-alley work around either.  For the amount of money they made making this game they can sit on it if they think customers should have to toy with third party apps or whatever to get something as simple as the basic controls functioning.Refund requested.  Maybe when it's fixed and is on an extreme sale or something, but not like this."
76561198142051895,Recommended,314710,24071303,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The X-Factor,"I would recommend this game, but only to a Mega Man fan. If you want to get into Mega Man I suggest the Legacy Collection.Now I do personally enjoy this game. Is it worth 20 bucks? Mm...No. The people I think would most enjoy this game are speedrunners. So unless you like going through games as fast as you can, I would advise buying something else.But if you do feel that you would like to play it and you don't like it, you can always request a refund."
,Not Recommended,314710,27155603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[snupster] Shikaroxen,It's a game...1/5
,Not Recommended,314710,26131019,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Shakaka,"I wanted this game to be good. Graphics are great and idea is great, but it's just not Megaman. And the story just gets in the way."
76561198034110238,Recommended,314710,23715885,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Pope Urban II,"Haven't quite beat it yet, but i through all the mighty numbers, so far it reminds me of playing megaman, which I've been playing alot recently since this Kickstarter so my nostalgia emitters are all charged up. I'm fully aware of delays and kickstarter reward problems, but i can only speak for the game itself and while it may not be quite as hard as the old megaman games, it's still puts up a challenge and i haven't even touched the challenge modes yet so I'll update this when i do.Pros: smooth mechanics, engaging mechanics, decent challenge, campaign has a fun vibrant feel, got the nostalgia feels (for me at least), improves on the old formulaCons:less difficulty is making go a bit fast, some briefe freezing on the ice level (no that's not a joke), if you're looking for exactly megaman 3 sorry you won't find it here"
76561198196388261,Recommended,314710,23715836,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ListenersJiggle,"has a few problems, but the gameplay is good, and that is pretty much all that matters with games like these"
,Recommended,314710,23771735,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZanasoBayncuh,"This is a Mega Man game, it has mostly Mega Man Classic styling to the way things are designed, it has mechanics from X, it has a great deal of what one would expect from Mega Man games - that's has both good and bad facts associated with it.It would be nice if it were less crashy."
,Recommended,314710,23714388,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,cryptcory,"In my opinion this is a great game that shares similar attributes to Mega Man. Graphics are great, gameplay is fluid and I haven't noticed any glitches so far.I see that there's a lot of complaints about this game, and I'm not sure why. This game is fun to play, somewhat challenging, and I've had  a great time playing so far.Was I expecting a Mega Man clone when I bought this? No. If I wanted to play Mega Man I'd just, well, play Mega Man."
76561198086980095,Recommended,314710,23730889,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ARH | VPJC,"As a person who has waited imaptiently for over a year for this game to drop I am relieved that I finally get to play. Megaman was by far my most favourite game growing up. Mighty No. 9 has a TON of potential, but it hasn't quite reached that potential yet. Although it has a Megaman FEEL to it, Mighty No. 9 still pales in comparison. The levels are cool looking, but can be extremely easy until the insta-death traps are introduced. Then it becomes frustrating. I've only completed 2 stages since I started playing, and I quit the rest due to frustration caused by some stupid mishap with a trap or being crushed by a platform. The dash feature is cool and reminds me of Megaman Zero, but it's a bit overpowered. In the water-level you can pass by a good portion of the map just by dashing making the level less memorable. Maybe they will refine Mighty No. 9 into a truly fantastic Side-scrolling platformer like the originals, but as it sits now the game is just sub-par."
,Not Recommended,314710,32756623,Posted: 24 June,all,Cure Pikachu,"This is AVGN material if you ask me.Oh, and the Megaman franchise is officialy dead now."
76561198153480482,Recommended,314710,23799172,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RichieGonzo,"I have to admit, this game does not live up to the 3.8M dollars used to fund it. However, it's actually pretty good. Note this is coming from a guy who played all the classic games, Megaman X 1, 2, 3, and all four Megaman Zero games. This game truly is the next Megaman and I love it.Pros:-Voice Acting is okay-Controls are easy to learn and smooth (with my xbox controller)-Feels a lot like Megaman X/Classic-Original boss concepts-Soundtrack is awesome-Original characters that SCREAM ""Mega Man""-Call is adorable-DLC (though I haven't played it yet.Cons:-Some level designs are frustrating-ONE SHOTS ARE ANNOYING-Graphics look like something you'd see on a PS2-Storyline is meh but thats okay I guess-NOT A FOUR MILLION DOLLAR GAME AT ALLOverall, the game can be frustrating. But new enemies, power-ups, levels, and more always keep the experience fresh and interesting. If you liked the original Megaman games or the X series, you should pick this one up as it is most similar to those two.FINAL RATING: 7.5/10"
76561198021651349,Recommended,314710,24133334,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Optimus Prime,love the game graphics are awesome and the game is challanging frustratingly so.
,Recommended,314710,23714657,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Doogle,"$20 is a fair price for this game.Cons:The writing needs a bit of work because it feels a little too childish at times. (looking at you Dr. Sansa)Dr. Wright's writing needs a bit of work as wellFew bugs (hardly notice them)Pros:The game can be fairly difficult at times as you would expect with ""classic japanese side-scrolling action"".The weapons you get in game are neatAfter you have gotten use to playing as Beck you can have a go at using CallPeople who were expecting a game with the same quality as something that a bigger company would produce are a bit silly. Seeing as how this is Inafking's first game sice he left Capcom I can understand if development was a bit rough and had some effect on the quality. I thought the game turned out really well."
,Recommended,314710,23716679,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,peakgaboo,i love this game. it too hard but fun.
76561198132505707,Recommended,314710,23771225,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Austinism,"Ok, so following all the bad reputation this game has, I had to try it out.  I understand for backers are angry because they probably paid more than they should for this game.  Albeit, it's not the prettiest game.  When I start up the game, the prologue stage was pretty good, arguably the best stage of the game.  But when you get to the actual stages of the game, that's when the reviews start to either like or dislike the game.  The stages are not reminiscent of Megaman.  The only thing that reminds Megaman fans of the famous Blue Bomber is that you get to choose the order of stages to tackle on first, fight ""Robot Masters"" or Might Numbers in this case, and get special weapons from the bosses.  Other aspects of the game are not reminisent of Megaman.  The dash mechanic, personally, is a kinda cool mechanic in this game.  Depending on which enemy you absorb when dashing would give Beck a buff.  Buffs can vary from movement speed to penetrating shots, it can help Beck out in lots of ways.  Unfortunately, only certain enemies that you absorb can fill up your ""E-Tank"" or ""AcXel Recover,"" your healing for a stage.  The stages are pretty hard as well and have nothing special about them or present anything new that we haven't seen before.  The dialogue and voice acting is a bit cheesy, to which I affiliate with Infanue and any of his previous projects with Megaman, so I kinda expected it.  The music in the game kinda sounds the same throughout the game.  There are no notable tracks when you are playing except for 2 or 3 music tracks.  If you want to hear semi-decent retro music, turn the Retro BGM option in the General Settings Menu for a better listening experience.  Overall, the game is ok.  It's not good but it's also not that bad as people claim.  If I was a backer and paid more than 20 dollars to back the game, I would be pretty angry, so this is a review from someone who watched the development of the game from a distance.  If you are looking to buy the game to be expecting it to be a spiritual successor to Megaman, do not get this game.  If you are buying this game expecting it to be a different experience from Megaman, you might just get that from this game.  Shortly, this game is ok.  It's that game that just falls in the middle and hopefully more people can see that.  But if they don't, they are entitled to their own opinion."
76561198005029831,Recommended,314710,23780809,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,All 5 Power Rangers,"I have to write this review cause everyone seems to think this game is terrible. I've only beaten 2 levels but so far I don't see much wrong with this game. It's got running, shooting, jumping and taking powers off enemies. What more we're people looking for exactly? It doesn't reinvent the side scrolling/shooting platform genre but it's a fun faithful game in the spirit of Mega Man. The first power I got surprised me at how much it can change the gameplay and contrary to what other reviews have suggested, you can switch powers without pausing. Maybe that was added quickly after launch? Anyway this game is fine, maybe this one good review will help balance it on the review boards because I genuinely enjoy it."
,Recommended,314710,23699485,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),I am having a ton of fun with this game. Not sure what everyone's so butt hurt about.
,Recommended,314710,23791478,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lord of Pain Valak,"Inafune: ""Welcome to  Mighty No.9. After 4 years in development, hopefully it would have been better than nothing.""Positive review just 'cause it's better than nothing."
,Recommended,314710,23960090,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Parapluies,"this mighty no.9 ,Boss damn hard !!!!!!!!!!!!! but finally i win Pyro , 45 min for NO.1"
,Recommended,314710,23731294,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Drexiel,"I've been waiting for this game to relased for over a year and besides the lack of choice between the retro hero and the normal hero in all modes, this game is fantastic, the gameplay mix the classic megaman style with a dashing absorbtion of enemies, challenging the player to go for big absortion combos, together with well elaborated plot, the awesome soundtrack and all the challenges, makes this game really fun to play lots of times."
76561198096967374,Recommended,314710,23768857,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kevinschmidtke,"At the time I've written this review I've beaten all eight Mighty Numbers.I am baffled by all the bad reviews, and while I can see why the kickstarter backers are angry it's no reason to be unfair to the game.Now there are valid criticisms. The game could certainly look better, and the ""cutscenes"" if you can call them that are an abomination. The voice acting varies from great to terrible in the english version, and the story isn't great, but also not terrible.But any criticism of the difficulty you read here is basically bs. Yes it's hard, sometimes unfairly hard. Some sections will probably kill you at least once before you know how to avoid them, or in the bosses cases, how to avoid their insta kill attacks.But that's exactly what you'd expect from a megaman game. The only reason these games take a while on your first playthrough is because you have to basically learn the levels. And this game here is probably easier than any megaman game (outside of 2 on easy).The controls are fine, it feels overall precise, but the dash messes that up a little. If you get used to it it's fine, and you can control the length of your dash a little. You have to get used to the dashing into enemies after they are stunned, but it took me little more than the intro level for that.The only issue I have with this is that I really don't use any of the bosses weapons. They are not really that useful most of the time, and even in boss battles I have beaten all of these opponents with the standard weapon, not using their weakness.Overall I'd say this game could be a lot better, and if I were a backer who paid more than the 20 bucks the game costs on steam I'd be angry too, because with that budget it should at least look better. (Looking at the trailer, the voice acting may be intentionally cringy).But I think it's worth the money and I'd buy a sequel if it had similar gameplay."
,Not Recommended,314710,24601887,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Saduku,I really wanted to like it. I loved the mega man games. But this.... this is just pathetic..
,Recommended,314710,24420078,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Wolfhawk57,"i guess i can go ahead and review this game, Since i am at the end of it..This game does play like any other mega man game but with mostly1 ELEMENT THAT change..in order to to kill the boss you have to dash right in to them and away from them as quick as possible whenthey turn purple..And yes if your experience you can use your buster or Use the weapons at the right times..Pretty much this game in short i happen to love..And i dont really have nothing bad to say about it..THE WEAPON ORDER THE GAME WILL GIVE YOU A HINT! TO WHICH BOSS YOU SHOULD FIGHT NEXT. HERE IS A TIP LOOK FOR A ADVICE BY IT OR A 3RD OPTION!Just update your system drivers,, and make sure your on the 2016 DRIVERS SETS for everything in your computer..Not justVIDEO CARD AND CHIPSET DRIVERS ..And ThoseBUMPS That the game has when you dash in to a enemy where it slightly pauses Goes away..Again i dont have anything negtitive to say about it..I CAN RECOMMEND THIS if you never played a mega man series game.. OR your just getting started and want something New and up to date to play or If your wanting not to follow the mega man Sheeple crowd..  Who worship megaman to death..THIS GAME IS UP TO YOU AND BOTTLES DOWN TO CHOICEBUt i can also recommend toOPEN MINDED MEGA MAN EXPERIENCE PLAYERS.. IT MOSTLY PLAYS LIKE MEGA MAN X 1-3 Games.. (NON 4-8 X series)And yes you can change how hard the game is.. There is aEX MODE that you unlock when you come close to beating the game.. and there is a TON of challenges.. and speed run challenges you can do..STORY WISE, I WOULD WAIT FOR THE NEXT GAME.. THIS ONE IS A LACK LUSTER..BUT GAMEPLAY, SOUND AND GRAPHICS AND CONTROL AND CHALLENGE is all there..THE SCORE FOR ME IS a SOILD NON SHILL BECAUSE NO I DID NOT GET PAYED FOR THIS REVIEW.. I PLAYED THE GAME ALL THE WAY NEAR THE ENDING BOSS AND DIED MORE TIMES THEN EVER.. TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW DO YOU KILL THAT DAMN PLANT!THE SCORE IS A FRIENDLY 8.5 OUT OF 10 PUBLICALLY, PERSONAL SCORE THIS JUST MY OWN SCORE IS 10 out of 10 WIth SMALL ERRORS THEY CAN FIX IN NO TIME FLAT.."
76561198189033155,Not Recommended,314710,26223302,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,bereakid,"Looked at multiple threads on getting Mighty No. 9 to work, could not find one for Fedora, this is a huge disappointment."
76561198000466515,Recommended,314710,23729922,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Arathryn,"Ok, so we all know about the travesty of 016' where this game was pushed back and whatnot. We all know this game is bad, and a let-down, but what really matters is making jokes about the trailer, or the dash, or the anime fans on prom night, or even the adorable attempt at voice acting. Hell, even just saying Call is cute was already taken before I could get to this review, so I think I'll just be a good guy and give a fair warning to those who want to buy this game BECAUSE of all of that. I know who you are, I am a lot like you, we should hang out sometime, get some drinks, talk about some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games... erm, anyways, FAIR WARNING... don't bother with maniac mode, there are only 2 difficulty modes, and I always play games on the hardest difficulty present on my first run. Just... don't bother with Maniac, it's the only harder mode than normal so it's tempting, but it's not worth it, the controls don't have enough integrity, maybe if you're one of those guys who can play through kaizo mario, with no save states, then consider doing maniac mode, send me a video, I wanna see that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really do. Uh.... right, so, basically, the dash doesn't have great fidelity and the hitboxes for the enemies aren't super clear, and things that should be better telegraphed are usually really small so in general you'll have a hard time, especially considering you only get 2 lives to start a level. uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.... right.... I got it.... maniac mode will leave you crying like an anime fan on pro- .... nah."
,Recommended,314710,24089826,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tashigi,"Good game with some downsides.Gameplay is pretty solid, despite what you may hear from other MM ""fans"".My last MM was ZX Advent and the system there was perfect, IMO.This is a franchise of it's own however, despite it being labeled a ""spiritual successor"" to MM. So I judge it as a new game, not a continuation.People with lower end PC specs should be aware; although Mighty #9 does not look too impressive and there is no reason why it should be demanding on any 5-7 years old PC, it actually is.This game actually runs just barely at 70 FPS on my GTX 780, when most games similar or better looking in this genre run at 120-200+ FPS on it."
,Not Recommended,314710,28350495,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Blue-Thunder,"I want to say something good about this game, but...I can't.Every level acts as if it was an Ice level, you slip off the slightest edge. Worst of all, if you try to avoid a Boss attack, you can't.You, as the player, get hurt by EVERYTHING. from cheap attacks, to straight on: ""HOW DO I EVEN DODGE THIS?!"" type of attacks. You shouldn't have to be in a situation where you (literally) have to watch someone else on YouTube or some other Video/Streaming site play the game. You should ENJOY the game. Not watch someone try to play it, while remembering the Agony you went through. Then see them win, while you try your best to do the same, and end up failing. (This is my perspective, it may not be the same as yours.) I really REALLY wish I could (Again.) defend this game, but the gameplay is making it difficult for that to become a reality.You don't have to listen to my opionons on the matter, just....think about 'em."
76561198063600474,Recommended,314710,23730129,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Leminz,7/10 นะสำหรับเกมส์นี้ในสายตาผมผมว่าถ้ามองข้ามเรื่องทุนสร้าง และอย่าเอาอคติมาใช้ในการตัดสินใจเกมส์นี้เป็นเกมส์ที่สนุกมากๆนะไม่ได้เล่นเกมส์แบบนี้นานมากละเท่าที่เล่นมา มี 3 ด่านที่รู้สึกออกแบบมาไม่ดีศัสตรูในฉาก ทำดีอยู่กวนๆหลายตัว รวมทั้งบอสด้วยอย่าเอาไปเทียบกับ rockman หรือ rockman x ผมว่าคนละแบบกันโดยรวม ถ้าเป็นคนที่ชอบเกมส์แนวนี้ ไม่มีเหตุผลที่จะไม่ซื้อราคา 369บาท ถือว่าไม่แพงสำหรับเกมส์นี้ หรือถ้าไม่มั่นใจ หรือไม่ใช่แฟนเกมส์แนวนี้แต่อยากเล่นจะรอลดราคาก่อนก็ได้ตอนนี้เครียร์บอส8ตัวแรกแล้ว กำลังเล่นไปต่อ ถ้าหมดแล้วจะซื้อ DLC อยากให้มีภาคต่อด้วย
,Not Recommended,314710,31932507,Posted: 24 May,all,ShadyStache,"HOLY F*CKING SH*T! F*CK THIS GAME! F*CK THE DEVELOPERS! AND F*CK ME FOR BUYING THIS GAME! I WOULDN'T PAY $0 FOR THIS PIECE OF SH*T! I SHOULD BE PAYED TO PLAY THIS GARBAGE!...So basically, the game sucks. :)"
,Recommended,314710,23716020,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Solid Blyat,"Alright, I finished this game on Normal Mode in about 5 hours. To tell you the truth, the game is....well.....mediocre. It has some potential in it. It is not bad, but its just sooo bland. They should put more content in it, something like hidden armors in Megaman x (which is fun searching for it), some extra mode after finishing the game or anything that can make the game more fun and replayable. Also, the graphics is ok, nothing special, but for a 3.8million project, they could do better with it. Oh and the game is short and the story is meh.In my opinion, the game is mediocre, but I have fun playing the game,  the game mechanics is good (which can be improved), it has some fun and enjoyable parts in it. I got it for 10$ so its not to bad. I recommend it if the game is on sale and for players who enjoy fast-paced platforming."
,Recommended,314710,23718129,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,killedbycreatures,"This game is amazing, the dash is a little different and the game play is fluid. It’s a classic style game with great speed and pace. The levels are challenging and are fun to traverse.The number of bad reviews are unfounded and seem to be based solely on a grudge over the delays."
,Recommended,314710,25959253,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,EwigD,"tl;dr: If you like Mega Man games youSHOULDlike this gamePlaying through this game the one thing that I kept wondering was, why did people hate it so much?I've been playing Mega Man games all my life, Mega Man 2 was like my second or third videogame, ever, and the MMX series is one of my all time favorites,  maybe that colors my opinion, but as a fan of this type of game I can say that Mighty No. 9 was exactly what I was looking for when I started playing it.It plays like a Mega Man with infinitte dashes that can absorb stunned enemies to power up your abilities, this gives it a fast pace that I particularly enjoyed myself to be honest.Besides the infitnite dashes there are ffew other innovations to the classic formula, but Mighty No. 9 is a classic Mega Man game at its core, it changes enough things to be its own game, but it still retains everything that made the Mega Man games fun and addictive.Now I got the game on sale and I wasnt a backer, I also encountered but one glitch through the entire game, so, again, that may color my opinion, but after having played through the game I can say I would have been ok with paying full price for it, its just what I had expected the game to be when I first heard about it, and in my opinion any fan of the Mega Man series gameplay should like it, whatever controversy might have come around the game, the game itself is a solid Mega Man game, fun, fast, tight gameplay, classic gameplay, new features, its got everything for a Mega Man fan to enjoy the game.The game is not groundbreaking, nor are the graphics last gen, and I personally would have enjoyed a longer ending, if any of those are a deal breaker for you, or if you have some personal grievance against the game, then it might best to pass on it, but if you just enjoy Mega Man gameplay, with fast pace, and good controls, then you should definitely give it a try, its worth it."
,Recommended,314710,23850988,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Amaterasu,"Amazing. Obviously is not an megaman x, but is a really enjoyable game."
,Recommended,314710,23718386,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mayery,"Okay! Well... I've beaten all of the Mighty Numbers (Haven't totally finished the game, but well)... and I surely had a lot of fun!... the game might have the bad parts... all the games has something you want to change, but I really don't think the game is that bad, actually... I love it!I don't think its better than Megaman or anything... but I really liked the game, worth it!Thats what I think :)(But I missed things like... searching for those hearts like Megaman and things like those... the secrets in general)"
76561198068601134,Recommended,314710,23701240,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,coruptdragon,"Mighty No. 9 is another take on the megaman franchise. The megaman genre itself has changed from the classic games, to megaman x to megaman legends, zero, battle network ect. Most of the negative reviews I see tend to either read as if it has some sort  of bias or expect it to be a classic megaman style game. Usually I don't write reviews but frankly speaking, Mighty No. 9 is a fantastic game. I would recommend anyone who enjoys platformers to pick up this game. Teh dashing aspect may take practice but overall I feel this game is well done. It did however leave me wanting more levels then what are available presently but perhaps more content or a sequel may appear down the line. Anyone reading my review, I'd like to recommend you give this game a chance despite alot of the hate, it may yet be worth your time and investment ;)"
76561198000727557,Recommended,314710,31631236,Posted: 8 May,all,Rafter,"I don't get the negative press and reviews.  The game looks great and runs great on a gaming PC.  I have an R9 390 paired to a freesync monitor, and the game runs and plays like butter.  I just finished it.  My son loves watching me play this.  The characters are cool, the game has loads of charm, and it's hard in all the right ways.  The controls are tight and solid, and the puzzles are clever too.  I had to use almost all of the different forms (suits) to get through the game, and the suits are all fun to use and interesting/unique.  There are efficient ways of getting past certain areas/enemies/bosses, then there are also several not-the-best approaches which will see you facing considerable resistance, which means you're probably doing it wrong.  It works out great.  I loved every part of this game and would have loved to see it franchised out into other things like cartoons, movies, action figures, and sequels, however, it's a shame the negativity hype train killed any chance of that happenning.If you're a gamer who loves good gaming, pick this up.  This is a good game.  It's even a great one."
76561198074675993,Recommended,314710,24103587,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kim Johng Cena,"It seems like everyone is saying this game is complete garbage and should never be purchaced even if it is one cent.  But I am of the opinion that this game is actually good, with the abilities being far more useful than anything I had used in Mega Man (everything in Mega Man just felt like a projectile, Mighty No. 9 had weapons that actually would allow you to for example glide or reflect projectiles).  One other oddly specific detail that made all of the difference was that you could hotkey three abilies and select another one, allowing you to fight effectively in four forms without the need to pause or take a moment to find the ability you need.  Another thing I liked was the consistency, where in Mega Man you would find random health and weapon energy, effectively leaving you at the mercy of RNG, Mighty No. 9 allows you to recover health at checkpoints and by absorbing ten enemies classified as ""blue"" enemies, as well as weapon energy that naturally regenerates and will also come back when absorbing enemies.  There are complaints in some unneededly annoying level design, boring multiplayer experience, and already having a DLC that i feel is a must have purchase, but overall, I found this game really fun to play and I know I can come back to it with its replayability."
76561198182753691,Recommended,314710,23764583,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Slowin,"It feels like the old Mega Man games, but with the addition of the absorption dash mechanic and modern presentation. The dash seems to be overpowered a little at first, but the level design is very clever and this is actually a challenging game.Mighty No. 9 is what they (almost) say on the front page: It is the old Mega Man but transformed. One of the best jump and runs I have played in years."
,Recommended,314710,24056304,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Renkow,it is a short bust of fun for 5seconds so good in my book
76561198156397767,Recommended,314710,23764776,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Severed,"I have always been a big fan of everything Mega Man and I feel this game is a great spiritual successor of the series I have grown up with. The game play reminded me of the Mega Man X series but the art style more resembled Mega Man 8, but with a great new feel. I enjoyed the addition of the dash mechanic and the inclusion of the other Mighty No being more than just robot masters and having their own personalities. If you are a fan of Mega Man or Japanese Action Platformers this  game is a wonderful addition to the genre. I look forward to future installments of the series."
76561198169952017,Recommended,314710,23763562,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,buddabounce,"i payed for the game and could get it to work for the first day. got a little upset, spent couple hours looking for a fix. found the fix. with in the first level i knew the game was exacly what i expected GREAT!!!ive read so many bad reviews i was worried but i guess those come from people that dont even play mega man or atleast forgot what it was likeso in short pick up the game work through the issues its having and just play the next best thing to mega man"
,Not Recommended,314710,28253375,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,This is not a Rockman or Megaman you think it is.
76561197979081130,Recommended,314710,23708594,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Alacron,"So I haven't payed attention to this since the original kickstarter (Which I did not donate to FYI), apparently there's been a lot of drama around it?Personally, I liked it quite a bit.  To sum it up in a single word, I'd call it ""Charming.""The game is quite difficult, Beck is quite fragile and there are a lot of instant death traps throughout all the levels.The various powers are quite varied, but sort of a mixed bag in terms of usefulness.  For example, Brandish feels way more useful in any given situation than Pyrogen, and Seismic feels basically useless outside of very specific situations.The story is, again, charming.  I enjoy the very happy-go-lucky feel to it all, having defeated bosses show up to help you in later stages puts a big ol' smile on my face.The movement takes a LOT of getting used to, having infinite air-dashes is awesome but my own overzealous use has gotten me killed more often than not.Overall I'd say this game was well worth my $20."
76561198040642203,Recommended,314710,23938558,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,gyopsie,"anyone can google the questionable decisions of the team that made this. but that says nothing about the game.As a spiritual successor to Megaman it is a success.the characters and writing are just what you wold expect in the Megaman world. That said the push to make this a 3D based game was really under used and the game as a whole is so close to it's roots it feels like a Megaman reskin,I like that each Mighty has it's own personality and that the supporting cast plays a reasonably regular part but the static faces really damage the emersion of some pretty good (Not great) voice acting.The protagonist doesn't actually change form as was promised in both the animated series teaser and by the designers. This is likely due to the fledgling company not really being all that comfortable with altering models that much. So Bec just changes his helmet and color.But since this is a downloaded game, it is posible they may patch in the models and animations for the transformations later. But I wouldn't hold my breath.If your expecting something breathtaking or original this may not be for you,if your  looking for some classic platforming fun with some interesting features then this could be your thing."
,Recommended,314710,23719360,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sicotic,"It's not what I expected, but it is fun. It definitely delivers on the mega man-esque style."
76561198045555337,Not Recommended,314710,26810012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,drkfl88,meh
,Recommended,314710,23717217,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Toddus_Maximus,"I wouldn't go so far to call MN9 a ""spiritual successor"" to Mega Man, I'd call it more of a spinoff. The game is good but just doesn't have the depth that some of the early Mega Man games had (especially the X series). Go through levels, beat the boss to get their powers, use those powers on the appropriate boss. Everything else is pretty much given to you at the start. You can aborb enemies to get points although I'm not sure what points do other than help your grade at the end. The voice acting and dialogue are PAINFUL and the ""story"" isn't much better.I didn't experience any issues with downloading/installing (although I bought my copy straight from Steam and did not back the Kickstarer) and have not tried the DLC.It's a good game, not great, I'd recommend it if you like classic Mega Man/Platformers and I'd recommend it a little more if it was say, $15 instead of $20."
,Recommended,314710,23717893,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,craizedwayz,"I do not understand all the fuss about this game. It's cheesy as hell and the voice acting could use a lot of work. But overall, it is a solid game. I think the real issue surrounding this game is that the gaming world has evolved so much, the day of the cheesy side scroller has been forgotten. The graphics are okay. The controls are tight. Combat is fun and creative at times. It's a solid game all around. I hope the creator makes a sequel and improves on the solid foundation that has been laid. Kudos.Honestly, if the title had been Megaman: Reloaded...the hate would be at a minimum. But to each his own. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,314710,23718670,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Shallmar,"This game is fantasticA mild warning to casual gamers, this game is hard even on the lowest difficulty"
76561198153709325,Recommended,314710,23710193,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Diary Story (เชน),"I enjoyed this game.I agreed that this game is hard as hell.However i'm so dissapoint that after 3 years of waiting and 4 million dollars and we got this.It doesn't give what we want.But if we forget about those controversies.This game is not that bad as a game.It's still can deliver fun,excitement and also stress and anxiety.But when I finish the game.I feel so damn good So PRO.I struggle so much to figure out how to beat each boss.The level also so hard plus the control is a bit off It will take a lot of game over for me to pass it.But this feeling.feeling of despair,hopeless,Noobness is the feeling that we can get from Original Rockman.The very first Rockman which hard as hell Eventually if you not give up you will be better and can beat all those SH*TS.The feeling of BADASS.feeling of THE WINNER.I thought this game is the worst but if you look it closely it's not that bad after allIf you not a hardcore fan or gamer don't buy thisif you looking for challenging game,retro style game(almost megaman but not yet) try thisi'll hope their will be patch for this game such as easy difficulty or make normal difiiculty easier so i can chill on my bed playing this game without depressing from dyingHope the next game you gonna develope is better than this Inafune."
76561198165963717,Recommended,314710,23863413,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shannouk,"The game is very uniq and niceReminds me alot of the Megaman X Game series.I loved the gameplay and the Graphics, in addition for the Introduction of the Game, makes it easy fpor players to get used for the controls, further i loved the amazing Story which is based on the classic megaman games.Keep it up!"
,Recommended,314710,23711046,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,mythologue,"Not the best entry into the Megaman stratosphere but a solid entry nonetheless. It's definitely fun to play and challenging enough to try speedrunning through. It was overhyped and failed to deliver in a lot of ways but I don't regret my purchase. It's a good game, not great and definitely not perfect. Just good.I'm glad I wasn't swayed by the vitriol and negative reviews. A solid base to build future MN9 games on."
76561198136851315,Recommended,314710,23719524,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,story teller,i do reccomend this game as a megaman successor itself its not there but i accepted mighty no 9 as its own and found myself enjoying the game it does have quite a few issues and hopefully updates will release that take care of these problems.
,Recommended,314710,26019277,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,madsen,"It's really not as bad as many people say it is.It's not harder or more unfair than the old Mega Man games. There are TONS of insta-deaths in the old games (1-10 + X1-3), and if you think otherwise, please go back and check again.Then some people complain about the focus on the dash mechanic. I wonder if those people have played Mega Man 3-7 and/or Mega Man X1-3... Especially the latter were super centered around the dash.Graphics and animations, well that's subjective. I don't mind them. Look at the screenshots, watch a few videos and you'll soon know if you do.Performance is another common complaint. I haven't had any issues on my machine (GTX 770, i5 3.2 GHz, 8 GB RAM, Win 10), that's all I can really say about that.My only real, less subjective issues with the game are 1) rebinding controls is a wonky procedure, 2) no borderless fullscreen.Edit: And the downvote brigade of people who furiously pursue and downvote/thumbs-down anyone who dares to speak positively about the game isn't going to change my opinion. It's a very decent game. I'm sorry you were disappointed with it, but the fact that people are actively seeking out people who like it in order to convince them that it's bad is just petty and embarrassing. People like different stuff, what a shocker!"
76561197965473601,Recommended,314710,24090582,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,XxBarakaxX,"Do not believe all this hate.Im not a backer, so i see it as a normal game.I grow up with NES and mega man geames, i really like them. But i was never a huge fan.Although i like Mighty Nr 9. First it was wierd.But when i got better, also the fun increased.A few more lightning effects would have been good for the overall presentation.With some practice you can play with a fast flow. Thats really fun.For 20 € / 15-20 $ you become a good game with replay value. Try to get the best ranks for every level, or play the challanges, harder difficultys , ,.....Im going to buy also the 5 € DLC.I would like to see more content, or a second part."
,Not Recommended,314710,23858285,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,English Motherf**ker !,1. เกมเพลย์ซ้ำซากและน่าเบื่อ  ซ้ำซากกับการทำที่ต้องนั่งทำอะไรเหมือนเดิมเป็นเวลาสิบกว่านาที  ถึงความท้าทายจะมีในระดับหนึ่งแต่ไม่ได้เพิ่มความสนุกแต่อย่างใดเลย  ยิ่งทำให้เกมน่าเบื่อขึ้นไปอีก  และแม้ว่าจะเป็นเกมเพื่อกลุ่มผู้เล่นเก่าอย่างสมัย Megaman ก็ตามแต้มันไม่มีจุดเด่นอะไรที่เด่นชัดเลยนอกจากระบบXelที่เหมือนเป็นการมัดมือชก  คือถ้าไม่ทำ  ไม่ได้สกอร์  ถ้าไม่ทำพลังชีวิตบอสก็จะกลับคืนมา2. การพากย์เสียงตัวละครห่วยแตก3. เนื้อเรื่องก็จัดว่าธรรมดาไม่หวือหวาอะไร4. ราคา 369 บาทนี้ ไม่คุ้มเลยไม่มี Secret Item ให้เก็บแม้แต่ชิ้นเดียว  (ทางลับไปเก็บไอเท็มต่าง ๆ ผมไม่นับว่าเป็น Secret)หากไม่ใช่แฟนเดนตายของ Keiji Inafune อย่าซื้อ
76561198139530706,Not Recommended,314710,31253843,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,Oh hi Mega Man
76561198022219370,Recommended,314710,23719798,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ghost_X015,Pretty good. Some bull♥♥♥♥♥♥in it but too lazy to go into detail.
76561198188972590,Recommended,314710,23718709,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BUiLDSg92,i still wait for this game for a realy long time. what ever this game is great i still have some of feeling like play megaman x.it perfect while play with controller.so if you like to play megaman this game will be perfect with you.
,Recommended,314710,23832761,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ASS,"Hey, you, looking at the screen! Let me ask you a question.Do you like awesome things that are AWESOME?Then you gotta play this game dude.It's friggin cool and crazy addictive, like popping bubble wrap addictive! Check this out.See that's your dash move. There's a short dash, long dash, jump dash, spiral, slide, there's probably a dash that makes you breakfast I DUNNO!""Great ide....wait what?!""Point is, you’re dashing around like a frigging moon man and I love it!Oh, and look at this, there's all these combo moves you can do then you can do combos ON combos to rack up your score, and I know you like that combo on combo action.But I saved the best for last....absorption boost!You kill an enemy and you can absorb their powerups, stuff that'll make you faster, and stronger!And make the bad guys cry like an anime fan on prom night!So what do you think, you ready to play?""I'm ready!""NO ONE'S TALKING TO YOU VERNON!!"
,Recommended,314710,23700915,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RetroNutcase,"So let's just ignore all the controversy for a moment and actually look at the game itself, and only the game itself. Is it any good? Yes and no. Mostly yes though.Let's go over the bad stuff first, and note what can be dealt with in that regard.THE BAD-English voice acting is pretty bad. Easily fixed by using the JP voiceovers.-Graphics overall are underwhelming. This is one you just have to deal with sadly.-Weapon selection is clunky as hell. No MM style weapon menu where you can just change modes while paused.-Game fails to teach you about your Action Shift, which gives you a special jump with i-frames for dodging. Seriously, I wish I'd known about this far earlier.THE GOOD-Controls feel spot on for the most part. Everything does what it should and with quick response times.-Fights are fast and emphasize a faster shooting approach than traditional Megaman, where bosses were invincible for a ridiculously long period between hits.-Level design is pretty well thought out for the most part and emphasizes running, jumping, and shooting equally well.-Some of the bosses are pretty darned fun and unique, such as No.8 who was probably my favorite of the bunch.-Most of the weapons are fairly useful, although some get used far more than others. But this also depends on playstyle.Could it have been better? Yes. It also could have been a LOT worse.  Also, who knows? Maybe the sequel will be what truly gets the series going. Megaman 2 was the game that put THAT blue bomber on the map afterall.Anyway, if you see it on sale at some point, definitely worth a look at that point. Full price...Only if you have the 20 bucks to burn.Regarding the DLC, only worth it if you enjoyed the base game and want an even more challenging mode. Ray is incredibly fun and fast, but like Protoman in MM9/10, meant for Expert players. She takes WAY more damage and is racing the clock, as her life constantly drains when she isn't killing things. That said, if you enjoyed the base game and want a fast, aggressive skill based character to try the game with on a second play, go for it.This is coming from someone who did grow up with Megaman. And that said...Is Beck the successor we're longing for? Not yet. But he's got potential."
76561198172492402,Recommended,314710,23700721,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,01,I have realized many people don't like the game because it is (from what i have experienced) NOT megaman they want it to be so much like megaman but it can't. It is an amazing game that is should have the soul of megaman i think that people shouldn't hate it because it isn't MEGAMAN or have any feel of megaman it's a new era of a game and it should be loved for it's new design (PERSONALLY). I think the only bad thing about the game is the frame rate thank god there is a quality option in the game man oh man that has saved me so much trouble. UH if there is anything else i guess i will write another review? i don't know :P i never came back to a review before :). But basically I like the new design and you should see what you think about it not what others think about it
,Recommended,314710,23734660,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,oshie | ⚛,"good ole'megaman, mechanics aren't great but completely usable. I defenantly miss the wall jumps from X series, but over all SO much fun and completely worth $20."
,Recommended,314710,30091161,Posted: 21 February,all,Stibibby,"I think this game is missing a lot as promised and if you are Expecting a ""Megaman X""game this will fell short due to Following:- No Wall kick for Climbing (If you play Megaman X series a lot it's annoying sinceyour instinct will kick in but you will still fall on gaps)- No HP Tanks (But Has HP Refill that disappear when you Die along way and sometimes no spare during Boss battle)- No Hearts to increase HP gauge- No Armor to collect to increase Defense and Attack power (But Skills Special Attack remains but not useful on battle)- The Dash (Felt more like an Aerial dash from Megaman X4 or the slide from old Megaman)- Story has no depth and plot to to simple (inspired from Megaman 1) and common for this Day & Era- No Flashy Boss introductions- Lack of Secrets on Stages once you beat the Boss no need for you to revisit stagesBut if you are expecting the ""Original Megaman 1""- close but not quite since Megaman 1 has mechanics that are simple but challenging but this game is simple and annoying due enemies that just blocks your path as if it's assumed that making it challenging is not necessary (This game aimed for young audience that do button mashing and didn't make it difficult enough as the old Megama Series)I'll give it 5/10 in without taking consideration of the Graphics since it felt more like a Megaman 1 Rip off with some Megaman X mechanics that makes it frustrating since you'll be expecting too much as a Megaman Fan.I'll still recomend this game if as a Megaman Fan but not worthy of its current price."
76561198054903977,Recommended,314710,23727392,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nat of Evil,I understand why there are mixed reviews on the game but in my small opinion the game is great everything I saw on the kick-starter was there if i missed anything okay but still the feeling of the game is good. There are some issues and bugs when starting the game/ steam controller. Also if you own a Xbox one or 360 controller the game works with them very well and if you loved Megaman well you should like this game very much.also I am sorry if the grammer is wrong or if there are any spelling mistakes.Thank you for reading have a good dayKind regards Nat of Evil
,Recommended,314710,23752486,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ColorInk11,"The game isn't perfect, But it's fun. :)"
76561198097847993,Recommended,314710,23752559,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA !!!!!,This game remember myself megaman and megaman x series.This series was good and this game is the megaman may be the reincarnation of a series richly
,Not Recommended,314710,24599910,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,megablue,Dashing simulator
,Recommended,314710,23700627,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tim0850,"Ignore the internet hate bandwagon and play this if you are a fan of the megaman X styled games. I will say I could see people who wanted more of a megaman 2 styled game not getting as much out of it but as someone who really enjoyed the X series and the Zero X series this game is pretty good. The 8 bit soundtrack is well made and the designs for the characters are great. I do not enjoy the fact that they used unreal 3 for this as the game visually looks a little bland.. that great art style goes to waste with this engine and that is really my biggest gripe.This game isn't going to set the world on fire but if you want a 2d action game with tight controls, fast gameplay and a cool 8 bit soundtrack this is DEFINITELY worth your 20$."
76561198008828394,Not Recommended,314710,26560361,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,example_ex,Suck
,Recommended,314710,23696611,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,remix10tails,"Even though we've seen it get delayed many times, the game still brings some fun! There are some things where it can be different, I was expecting a bit more from what I've played so far!BUT the game itself is actually really fun and I hope some of you give it a chance! Plays exactly how you would expect it to, love the way the game looks, and it feels smooth, although some levels you'll probably have the ""what"" moment during some mechanics you need to do other than that the game plays smooth, no drops, responds well, story is kinda... cheesy but I do enjoy it haha!Hope this somewhat encourages people to try it out, don't believe what people say about the level designs, or controls, they're just bad at the game or probably jumping on the band wagon on how Megaman this or Megaman that. Trust me, play the game, experience it yourself, but I'm telling you, I had fun and currently taking a break before I finish it."
,Recommended,314710,23698038,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ookami27,I LOVE THIS GAME!! This is not a troll comment. This game is legit a really good f***ing game. the difficulty is just right in normal mode. i have not tested the extreme mode where it is one hit death. so far with 2.5 hours into the game i have almost beat all the bosses. i have 2 bosses to fight and then i will see if there is a final boss. i so far have enjoyed this game enough to buy the add on now just to add more fun to this game. honestly games of this level of enjoy at this price range are hard to find! pick this up and dont listen to all the salty haters.
76561198072537945,Recommended,314710,23700296,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mojomanmax,"It's alright, the controls are totaly made for a controller and feel amazing while using one. I got a little frustrated with the difficulty then found you can increase the # of lives to 9 on normal mode through the settings. This gave me enough lives to practice taking out the bosses and memorizing their attack patterns. Also If you don't like the sound track I really enjoyed playing the 8-bit version which you can also change in the settings. I think that if this had just been some indie game a random studio created the game would have had a better reception. Over all It's pretty fun to play but this whole public hate about it shows the bad side to kickstarting videogames, the people complaining about how long it took is why big AAA companies usually announce their games much closer to the release date. I havent finished the game yet and am going to put more time into it. it's sad that the backers of this game have it the worst people who gave more than 50 bucks for this 20$ game. If you want some clasic fun fast paced platforming action this is the game for you."
,Recommended,314710,23696933,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mFTm.OZReM,"Might No. 9 is a straight-forward, easy-to-learn/hard-to-master 2.5D side-scroller in the style of Mega Man.Is it the greatest ""Mega Man"" game ever? No.Is it a solid action game? Yes.If you like 2D side-scrollers, this game is a good buy (but maybe wait until its under $15)."
76561198030768123,Recommended,314710,23694816,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JenovaShadow,"So far just looking at the game, not the Dev hate, it's really fun. The controls are pretty responsive. It feels fast pace just like when I would try to speed run the X games. You can also take it slow and take your time. It rewards those who keep a nice and fast flow in the game. I've enjoyed it so far.Not sure where all the hate is coming from. I'm assuming the wait time is what's really hurting the games score. And we can't really compare with our nostalgic view.TL;DRIgnore the rage about the Dev. Give the game a shot if you enjoyed Megan's X style games. Its fast pace and rewards smooth flow."
,Recommended,314710,23712480,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,chaosdirge,"Might Number 9 is a good game. I love Megaman, I didn't back this game, I don't know the crap that went on behind the forums but I like to keep myself fair and balanced when it comes to games.  and I can say that Mighty No 9 is a fun game. Plenty of people can say ""this game isn't about the weapons"" because of the score counter, but the fact is the score counter doesn't make up the game. I honestly had a blast playing this game without even worrying about my score.  I find it funny that people are complaining that the score is arbitrary... its not Dashing is skill in this game, its megaman's equivelant super charge for the game. The game is fairly easy but also has a nice difficulty. I beat Beck's story in roughly 4 hours.Some bosses are fairly challenging while some like Batalion are pretty easy, and their weapons do actually come in handy, if you aren't switing your weapons its no wonder you wouldn't have a good time with this game.The story- Some people say that its bland but when I look at the characters I see Astroy Boy, which is a nice throwback to classic megaman considering that originally megaman was developed as an astroboy game until they couldn't obtain the license for it.  The graphics are nothing great but I find charm in the way that the cutscenes unfold with the looping animations, it has a very calming Atmosphere to it for me. I found the Story interesting the way it unfolded I mean there isn't much to say without spoiling the Story just felt like classic Astroboy.- The MusicHaving played the music in BGM mode I never heard a somg in this that wasn't  good, I've heard complaints about the newer version soundtrack and thats probably justifiable but for me I liked the game.-The stagesThe stages feel like classic megaman, if you are looking for a game like megaman Zero, or Megaman ZX  this isn't that kind of game, the stages are simplistic and there are some stages wehre a weapn can open up a new path (Batallions missle and the mine) But its very much just a basic megaman game like Megaman 1.The DLCRays DLC adds a real challenge to the game when you unlock the character. Ray constantly looses health and you need to absorb enemies to keep it up, if you are hit all the health you lost is gone, but on the plus side you can never loose more health than what the red bar shows.  Ray starts out as a pure melee character and it can be a bit discouraging until you get your weapon from your first boss. I recommend that people that get the DLC start on Battalion or they start on the air stage (I forget the bosses name) both bosses will get you a weapon that really helps  from there. Ray's story is a bit of a combination of Protoman's and Zero's.-The dramaHonestly, I don't care about the drama, no one should care about the drama its over and done with. Judge the game as it is now and not what some lady did that aggervated a huge ammount of fans.End Statment- The game is good, is it a great game well I can't honestly say, to me it is a wonderful game its 7/10. And that might sound bad but to me a 7/10 means the game and a series to come from it has potential. Pokemon got a 7/10 from Nintendo Power and look what it became today. In short I love this game and I hope ot does well, Don't let the bad reviews deter you from trying this game, If you love megaman, give the game a shot if your new to megaman well give it a shot."
76561198016214003,Recommended,314710,23697483,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nava66,"It feels like a fast paced MM NES game with some SNES components. I enjoy the challenge. Most challenging, however, is stomaching the dialog written for pre-K."
,Recommended,314710,23694019,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"I'm not sure why people are so hard on this game, but it's a damn Mega Man game with a new IP name.  I've been playing Mega Man since the Mega Man 1 days, including the DOS versions of Mega Man.  This game plays exactly like a classic Mega Man game with a dash gimmick and the dash was obviously Mega Man X inspired.  The level design is exactly what you expect from a Mega Man game, with each portion of the level giving you an idea of what to expect next.  I  have this both on PS4 and PC.  I'm not disappointed at all and I think it was well worth the wait.  A game like this shouldn't have taken 3 years to develop, but I'm happy that it's out and I think it's great.  I'd ignore the negative reviews, because most of them have really awful complaints.  I don't know why they're acting like they thought this game was supposed to be something brand new and special with insanely new graphics and gimmicks.  It's a damn Mega Man classic game with some elements of other game styles put into one.  So, forget the awful critics.  This game is exactly what you expected, a Mega Man classic game."
,Recommended,314710,23971767,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Laverna Azex Zear,"Well I just logged an hour, and I'm ready to give my conclusion of this game.It's exactly what was promised. And that is exciting for me.Where to begin, it's difficult which it should be but can be mastered with time.The controls well I think they might be better but they are good.It reminds me of the Maverik Hunter X game and Megaman Powered Up.I look forward to beating and replaying this game. Given that it's new and trying to be like a retro game, I do expect most people to shun it for a while, but I'm sure it will get recognised as being great in time.I'd recomend reading the tips as they are unlocked, as it can really help.To reiterate, This is exactly what was promised in the kickstarter."
76561198121429434,Recommended,314710,23700171,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jaden Von Bat,"The Following is from when I was starting out:After finding out how to fix why it wasn't playing (Following a frustration-enduced meltdown), I managed to get in on the action. I'm still on my first post-tutorial stage, but so far, I have this to say about it. It doesn't matter about how much money it took to get the project this far (A great sum of it probably went to the backer perks and the other projects for the series) or how it looks, what matters is, It's a collection of something the world of mainstream gaming has been missing for so long since Beck's spiritual predicessor was absent: Being frustrating but enjoyable enough to keep at the task at hand, colorful environments and an improbable, cartoonish world. At the end of the day, that's what REALLY makes a good video game. For too long did the gaming industry focus heavily on Online War Video Games and unlike certain companies I could list off, have completely ignored the roots of the industry. So I once again, say, Ignore the negative reviews! This and Freedom Planet are prime examples of what video games SHOULD be: Fun, Colorful and satisfying to get to the main baddy and kick his/her♥♥♥♥♥into the next installment!The following is from after beating the game:My point from the pre-beating review still stands. And after having a look at the positives vs. the negatives in the other reviews I think it's safe to say Beck's adventures have only just begun. Going off-topic for a moment, Bronies had a similar problem with the first Equestria Girls movie. Over time, the NEIGH-sayers are weeded out and along comes Rainbow Rocks and so-on. But at the end of a day, that's how fandoms work, isn't it? Something comes along in your bailiwick and it splits said fandom into one or more of various sections. Eventually, the positives outweigh the negatives and BAM! We get a continuation and an expansion of the world of [Insert franchise name here!] My point is, pick it up and give it a go! Or don't, you do you."
76561198014561335,Recommended,314710,23697354,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,3fitty7ven,"Liking the game so far. It frustrates me like every other megaman game I have played.if you like platformers, I would say ""give it a try and see what you think."""
,Recommended,314710,23698030,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,danybeam,"i'm here in defence of MN9the game has not what made megaman great... trueit doesn't quite know what genre of play it wants to be... also truebut as a megaman fan I have to say that the game is... ok-ishright now it doesn't sound as if I was defending it but hear me outright now games are overplagued with tutorials and hints and easy shortcutsbut not this gamemaybe it's not a PERFECT megaman game, but it's a good enough aproximation so new players can get into megaman-esque style of playplease don't be so quick to dismiss itit was a missed step from a veteran game develloper, if you liked the game even a little or if you like megaman games in general give this one a chanceI'm not saying ""let's all buy the game""I'm saying ""let's buy the game just enough so he can try again""P.S.: Personally I've been enjoying every second of it"
76561198036571341,Recommended,314710,23698021,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,KennyGamer,"I've just about cleared the first pass, and I'm really digging it. The nuances are there for those who want to perfect how this game plays. This is coming from someone who didn't back this on Kickstarter, and I feel that this game has features and content that are worth $20.My only concern (and it is legitimate) is that I have really random FPS issues, fullscreen and windowed. It's default resolution is odd, the audio sliders don't seem to actually mute even on the lowest setting, and the controls are kinda janky until you rebind them.I set the music to classic retro and I'm really digging the tunes, as well as switched VO to Japanese.I'd recommend this game to anyone who didn't back it, and is looking for a solid platformer with some nostalgic Mega-man vibes (due to obvious reasons)."
76561198126578228,Recommended,314710,25700038,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Teashire,"On the contrary of Megaman fans, I like this game a lot. It brought an interesting redesign of Megaman into the ring again. Of course, I am judging this gameplay wise over how Megaman-ish it is. Granted, it is quite unoriginal to reskin Megaman and go from there, but this game is still fun."
,Recommended,314710,23693621,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Pyhrrous,"A lot of people are giving this game a negative review for some reason, probably because of the long time till the full release or because it doesn't live up to classic Mega Man standards. I have been loving this game so far, though. The controls are tight, the movement is fluid, and Mighty 9 gives its own twist to a classic platforming genre.Does it live up to Mega Man? I can't say you could compare the two, really. Mega Man is good for its difficult platforming and nostalgia, while Mighty 9 is good for its fast-paced gameplay and refinements of sidescrolling platformers. People are saying that it's not good because ""it's not good as Classic Mega Man"", but if you just view Mighty 9 by itself it's a great game.I highly reccomend it."
76561198151444895,Recommended,314710,23695553,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,"For what it's worth, its  a interesting and loosly inspired Megaman clone, that offers interesting ideas that doesn't really work out too great. For sure not worth $4Mil. But its worth 20$ to me. I am playing this game as a fan of the MM series and it's spin offs, and after about 3 hours in, I think I have touched on everything this game has to offer.I can complain about the music score, the voicing, plot, or the sad attempt to be a successor, but none of that makes the gameplay. And I feel the gameplay is solid enough to give it a once over playthrough. Don't know anything about  co op so I can't speak on that. But I can say I will be buying this on the Vita when it's released because I probably will feel more at home playing Mighty #5.6...errr 9 on a handheld."
76561198060935142,Recommended,314710,23699159,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Clayton,"I came home today from work, excited to download and play this game. I've been looking forward to it since it was announced, after all. While I waited on it to download I decided to read a few reviews. To my horror, I saw negative review after negative review. They said things like bland, vanilla, uninspired. They complained about difficulty, the voice acting, or even the graphics. This doesn't bode well I thought to myself. But I had spent the $20 on it, and had already downloaded it, so what did I have to lose? I booted it up and prepared for cringe worthy voices. But they didn't come. They sounded like about like what I remember the voices in Megaman 8 were like and certainly better than the god awful Megaman X7. The graphics aren't terrible either, they looked more or less how I expected.I played through the first stage, the intro level standard for every Megaman game since Megaman 7. A few minutes to work out the flow of the game, to learn my jump height, how far my dash took me, etc. It didn't feel clunky on my Steam Controller. Not terribly difficult either. So let's try a real level. The first level with a boss to steal a power from. Back in Megaman you kinda just had to guess which boss would be easiest for you or look up the recomended order. But this game gives me a nice order to try. So heck, lets start with the fire boss.I make my way through the level smoothly until it introduces an instant kill hazard. I'm emberrassed to say I fell victim to it enough to get a game over. But I'm not mad. If I had a nickle for every time I died in a Megaman title, they'd have paid for themselves. So back we go, this time armed with the knowledge of how to avoid them. And I did, making it to the boss fight this time. The boss who soundly stomped me. No matter, I had earned plenty of extra lives on this run, time for round two. This time, I discovered the boss had an instant kill move. Oh yes, I had read about that in a review. Was this to be the move that would empty my pool of lives? But I watched and listened as I fought the boss a third and then fouth time. Just like the days of Megaman, I watched his movements and memorized his patterns.  The fourth fight was the final one.Victorious, I held my new form high as I marched into level two. I was dissapointed at the lack of a real pause menu (I have this weird menu fetish I guess) that meant form switching would have to be done on the fly in a battle. But I was happy to see that my new form gave me more than just a palatte swap and a new bullet. I found level two to feel longer than one, and after a game over I decided it's bedtime. But I'm excited to come back tomorrow, when I'll fight my way through.In closing, I'd like to consider others opinion of the game. I can't call it revolutionary, or game of the year. But this game is fun. It takes me back to the days of Megaman when I was a kid, getting infuriated by some famous dissappearing panels, or getting trounced by a boss and having to repeat a particularly difficult level (there's even a song about that infamous boss). But after enough tries, I beat those games, just as I entend to beat this one. I don't understand where all these complaints are coming from. Do they expect this to be a hand holding instant gratification with hyper realistic graphics game? The old Megamans certainly weren't. Then it struck me. Look at all the times Megaman was said in the reviews. Look how many times I said it even. This isn't Megaman. We should stop expecting him to be. This is Beck. And just like when you get a new dog after your old one dies, he's not the same. But if you give him a chance, he can help ease the pain of loss from the old, and bring you joy of the new as time goes on."
76561198059865176,Recommended,314710,23694193,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Proto,"I'll type it how I see it. I never understood judging a game before its release but ok. This game has alot of negative influence into it and therefore probably the direct cause of some bad reviews. The game actually isn't all too bad when you get down to the facts. I mean it isn't good either, but its playable and some parts are enjoyable and thats honestly enough for a $20 game.PROS:- Interesting Mighty No's (Unique personalities)- Challenging (some of the levels are hard man LOL)- It does give a Megaman feel- Soundtrack (Iffy/Neutral on this one, Good tracks and bad tracks but for the most part good)- Story is okayCons:- Framerate (I had some framerate problems, might just be me but it stayed at like 45 50 fps for the most part)- Graphics (I'm kind of neutral on this one, but they aren't bad but arent good either)- Crashing (I noticed many sections in which the game slowed down, and in one particular level I believe Cryo's stage it crashed)Listen up, if you're a fan of Megaman you will like this game, just don't expect anything too too mindblowing, theres fun to be had you just have to look for it. It's a decent game, I'd give it a 6.5 or a 7. When judging games, try not to judge them before release. Please play the game first then judge it, because I think this will be one of those games that down the road people will realize wasn't as bad as initially thought."
76561198100439658,Recommended,314710,23693741,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Gerald_Tiger,"Don't expect a AAA masterpiece, it's Megaman action at its finest. If you love the Megaman games back in the NES era, you will love this game. The price in my country is around 10 dollars, so is worth it. The music could have been better, keeping in mind all the awesome Megaman soundtracks from the past. Eitherway, I highly recommend this game for all the Megaman fans around the world."
,Not Recommended,314710,25867982,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,WOMEN LOVER AND RESPECTER,literally the worst game I've ever played in my life
76561198031755638,Recommended,314710,23698060,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sidekick702,"I like it, but not at the price point. If you can get it on sale then it'll probably be worth it. The only real problem that I have with it is that the game encourages you to rush through the levels as fast as possible with the dash mechanic. It seems kind of silly to put any detail into the levels if you just force people to fly by everything.I haven't had any technical issues (frame rate, game crashing, controller not working) and I think the mechanics are fine. The game does what I tell it to when I tell it to and really that's about all I ask.It's not a great game, but it certainly isn't bad."
76561198300172467,Recommended,314710,23733559,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Thrillho10,"Great game for $20. In a world of megaman clones, the creator clones it the best. This isn't as bad as people make it out to be. Just like megaman, the story is lame, but the game as a whole is fun. Don't miss out on this game because someone who played 0.3 hours says it's terrible."
76561198068392282,Recommended,314710,23720223,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CUTTA,This game is great its pretty much mega man and was worth the wait.Its very hard but at the sametime its fun.If you dont like this game then you are not a good person and your feet stink.
,Recommended,314710,23712104,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ace X. Faye,"Ok ok, after preordering and waiting all this time for M#9 I wasnt about to let all the poor reviews that have flooded the internet about this game stop me from playing it. Now my mistake was expecting this game to live up to MegaMan.  Megaman Had years to get it right, it also had its flops but we wont speak of those because Mega is perfect.  Anyways onto M#9. So as a whole the game is not terrible, it just feels like they wanted to make a faster paced megaman and didnt quite achive that goal.  No charged shot in enchange for an infinite dash. Dashing through eniemies after you weaken them, nice in theory kind of annoying in game play. Overall i enjoy the game with some minor annoyaces.  Is it the great MEGA sucsessor, absolutly not. Is it a decent game, yes.  Over all rating is a 6.5/10.Pros - Side scroll shooter - Intresting MechanicsCons - Not Megaman - Mechanics are not blatiant. (ie i didnt know i had a health container for 2 hours)Stages are not hard because of good reasons, can be fustrating due to gimmics.And i dont know if this happens again but boss with audio triggers that the main character desides to talk over meaning you dont know what the boss is goign to do for the next 2 attack.So yes if you dont own it already i would wait for a steam sale. But i would still recomend this game to Megaman fans, Just dont expect it to be megaman"
76561198084539606,Recommended,314710,23700018,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Michael.R.Smith13,"Fun game, feels like I am playing an old megaman game."
,Recommended,314710,23737712,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mingkey,Fun little platformer.What I can't stand is that Mighty No.9 sounds and talks like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.He makes a annoying sound when you attack in the air and drop back down.Music sucks and the way he runs feels wonkey.
,Recommended,314710,23693620,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,son_lobo1,"+ If you never get bored of Rockman/Megaman, play it!+ The absorb thing is cool once you get used to it+ Fun to play, for everyone- All that budget and we get 2 GB game with non-2016 graphics!?- Too MegaamanishI would give it a 7, not as bad as 5.6 from IGN in my opinion."
,Recommended,314710,29792807,Posted: 8 February,all,ThatOneHylianGamer,its hard and lagy but i dont have good comperter so...8.99/10
76561197995919277,Recommended,314710,23712325,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,R.A.N.,"First of all, I read the reviews before I bought this game. It was a little daunting to spend the $20 with seeing the overwhelming huge negative reviews. At this point, I've played the intro mission and have 1 boss down. I don't normally write reviews, but I think it's important to give this game a positive perspective. I can't say I've played every single Mega Man game, but I have played quite a few. Of those,  my favorite series has always been Megaman Zero.So, to give it a comparison to the Megaman series (however this game is not one of those games), it does do exactly what the game description claims. It takes many elements from the whole series that maybe these developers enjoyed. There is no wall jumping, but to say this game has no platforming challenge is coming from people who aren't playing the multiple stages. Also, there's no charged shot so you have to constantly be looking for the moment to dash and absorb enemies. Levels, in general, seem more compact and shorter than most Megaman levels. Though it still holds to have a ""miniboss"" and from what I can tell, each level will have it's own challenges.I think people are overlooking the fact that the ""Zero"" series received mixed to negative reviews and was incredibly punishing. It also went the speed run route and gave you a score/rank at the end of the level. What Mighty No. 9 does, is give you an element of the score to assess if you are going to get the rank you are aiming for. Many a time, I was attempting S ranks in Megaman Zero, only to see I achieved an ""A"". So, I'd have to reset before the auto-save to reattempt. Mighty No. 9 let's you just replay if you want to go for a better rank, which the majority of Megaman games don't let you do.If we go with the original Megaman series, that game had precision jumps that required you to hit that exact pixel to make the jumps, plus enemies that were placed simply to disrupt you. In those cases, you had to hit a jump just right, shoot just right and still maybe you wouldn't make it.And with the Megaman X series, although still a blast to play, is recycled from iteration to iteration. Not to mention they've all done things or attempted certain content that just failed. I think Mighty No. 9 is just attempting to establish a foothold to hopefully lead to further refinement in future games. Honestly, to compare this to Megaman is doing this game a disservice since you're comparing a game with 20+ years of development/changes to something brand new.I won't say Mighty No. 9 is perfect though. The voice acting is meh, and I couldn't really go into full detail about the story. But it seems like that might be mediocre. Also, the stat boosts seem a little awkward to me. Yet, for a game trying to do it's own thing while paying homage to series that's almost went dead (other than re-releases), this game is worth playing. And is certainly worth the $20. It has challenge, replayability and even co-op. Which, I can't say we've ever seen in a Megaman game. To include online leaderboards, it's just a game that can be played multiple different ways by different types of gamers. Either way, it'll probably be a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,314710,23699954,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,r3x,"No more and no less than expected, fun as a platformer with a lot of sections that definitely take me back to those days as a kid playing megaman on my NES. A really fun and simple experience can sometimes be better than a complex and mind numbingly deep game, definitely recommended to any true Megaman fan"
,Recommended,314710,23707182,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Eskarke,i dunno but i think this is way better than x7 x8 .the game is way harder  that makes it so much fun
,Recommended,314710,23762083,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,actual flamingo,Everyone expected this to be the best game ever.It's not.But it's pretty fun and you're all just being big babies.
,Not Recommended,314710,24036539,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Babazi,mega man rip off.........
76561198093005434,Not Recommended,314710,33744901,Posted: 23 July,all,Nuszuto,fu_king co-op of the world!!!! i Sus!!!
,Recommended,314710,23712074,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bust3r,The game is pretty good ! But Comcept should have invested much more in graphics ! I would give a 7/10
,Recommended,314710,23736723,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Atamarus,Overall a good game.  I feel it plays like Mega Man/Mega Man X with some new aspects.
,Recommended,314710,23694403,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,huskobon,"Take all the Dev hate, and put it aside, and focus on the game itself, and you'll find it's really not a terrible game. It's not the best either.  It's fun, with a good challenge curve, the graphics are dated for it's Dev price tag.  Do yourself a favor and put the Voices in JP. It'll make the gameplay much more enjoyable, because characters talk to you during progression in stages."
76561198040444895,Recommended,314710,23697427,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cesar Cavatelli,"9/10, really good mega man game, really want a sequel after this.The characters are cute, the sounds are dope, the levels are harsh, but fair.The game can be beaten in one long sitting, as any mega man game should be.Their is also extra post game challenge goodness.For everyone who has read that the powers are useless, I can tell you that no, they are not, and a few of them are even OP when used correctly. The ones that are odder are still fun to use.There is also way more story in this game than in mainline megaman games. Its great, and the bosses do way more in this game than they have in past entries.If you like mainline megaman games or action platformers, this is definitely a good buy."
,Recommended,314710,23703090,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MikiDiary,โอเค แม้จะได้รับคะแนนว่าแย่มากๆ จากหลายๆ ที่ แต่ว่าโดยรวมเกมมันก็ยังเล่นได้สนุก ดีโดยเฉพาะการพุ่งตัวชนตอนยิงศัตรูตอนใกล้ตาย เหมือนจะทำให้เราได้เก็บพลังเป็นธาตุ แล้วเติมถังเพิ่มเลือด ตอนกดปุ่ม esc ได้ สิ่งที่เพิ่มมาจาก rockmanสามารถจับใช้มือจับขอบตึกได้ เวลาไสตล์ กระโดดข้าม หรือ มุมตัว จบด้วยปุ่มเดียวกับปุ่มพุ่งตัวซื้อ DLC มาแล้ว เดี่ยวจะลองเล่นดู โดยรวม ผมให้ 6/10 แล้วกัน
,Recommended,314710,23692512,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MadderRed,"It's not what it should be, but it's not a great game either. I didn't back it but bought it before launch. I enjoy it enough to keep it and not refund, but I don't feel that it's a great reboot of Mega Man. It should be retro (somewhat) in its graphics, so the 'dated' feel is okay, but at times it doesn't feel dated - it feels incomplete. The opening sequence feels like they just didn't have the budget to show what happened, so they skipped it, which is frustrated and fails to creeate any sense of connection. On a ludic/mechanic level, the game's mostly together, and it's fun to play on the big screen via Steamlink.I give it a recommend with cavaets and say that it's a better purchase on sale than it is at full price."
76561198004310407,Recommended,314710,23720245,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ryan,"great game. better than all the megaman combine, beside megmana 2"
76561198099665689,Recommended,314710,23691422,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Xsanthias,"First of all i want to apologize for my Rant/Opinion on this subject & i dont mean to offend anyone what so ever.Look If your a MegaMan Fan Great!!!, & you can still purchase the old school MegaMan Games Via Steam, Wii, Wii U, & 3DS, & even play All The Emulators & Roms on the PC for free.... SO! You can obviously still go back & play them!!!! but, if your wanting to beeotch & moan and cry like a lil girly anime fan on prom night & carry on & on about how horrific this game is then, hmmm... heres a thought to a simple solution ""GET A MUTHA F(ph)UCKIN RETARDATION REFUND THEN!!!""This game isnt that bad at all, its ""LIKE"" Mega Man... it doesn't mean that it is MEGA MAN!! DURPPEE DURP!!!...If your a true Mega Man Fan & also of the man behind the ideal of MN9 then just accept it, Keiji Inafune did his best with the team & it was a nice new idea while using ""some"" of the old school throw back elements, give them some credit and props, after all it is still a ""Indie Game"" Keiji left Capcom for making Mega Man games into A Cash Cow, not to mention did we get any other Mega Man Games Besides Mega Man 9 & Mega Man 10 (both good games) but No Mega Man Universe? or Mega Man Legends 3? both canceled?!! all we get is the original 1-6 NES Classics Again... & some artwork, which isnt bad but.... i digressMighty No 9 is a new kinda like MegaMan style gameGraphics: - 7/10Audio/Voice/Music: - 7.5/10Controls: - 7/10 (alil time getting used to) (a little bit clunky with the dash absorbing)Overall Gameplay/Challenges: - 8.5/10Not Bad At All Its definitely worth purchasing for only 20 bucks, or you can wait till a price drop then grab it."
76561198016614134,Recommended,314710,23694063,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TriforceMan,"The game is Actually great ,once you accept it has nothing really to do with megaman. =)"
,Recommended,314710,31135598,Posted: 14 April,all,ArtistSimple,Brilliant game! It is the Mac-compatible equivalent of Megaman. If you like the Megaman series and happen to be on Mac or MBP. Get a controller connected and give this a game whirl!
76561198129531155,Recommended,314710,23691411,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Xsuperstar,"The game is fine.. I dont know what the hate is all about. Is like some people where expecting the second coming of Jesus or something. This game is exactly what I expect it it to be, a platformer with Megaman mechanics and amazing music, minus Megaman's charge blaster. Graphic wise the game isnt anything spectacular but everything else is on point. If you like the original Megaman and the dash ability from the X series then you should feel at home with this one. I would suggest that they added a Demo so people can try it out themselves instead of going with what some of the reviewers are saying.7/10"
,Recommended,314710,23698064,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SakigakeMoto,"I don't know why there're so many people hate it. Except for some glitches, the game looks pretty decent to me."
76561198157334705,Recommended,314710,23695976,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr.Dr.Prof.Metaur.Phd,"this game is pretty fun. the difficulty is fine and the music is good. my only problems are that there is no way i can turn off the dialog with the characters, some stages are lack luster in background design, and the controls seem that they favor the controller than the keyboard. overall, the game is fun."
,Recommended,314710,23694481,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Naps n Tea,"Mighty no. 9 - the blue bummer 5.6/10""BETTER THAN NOTHING"""
,Recommended,314710,23693753,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Khamous,"I just feel the need to post a positive review to compensate the senseless hate. Wait a few weeks for the drama to die down, then try it, it's a very cool platformer."
76561198076442431,Recommended,314710,23691647,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DanTheDowner135,"The game plays like a cross between the originals and X as far as I can tell. Haven't gotten all the way through, but I ignored the reviews and went in with an open mind. So far, so good minus a few framerate issues, but even that's better than what everyone online had me thinking."
,Recommended,314710,23699291,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Helladope Madfresh,"Loving it so far. Most of the controversy should just be ignored. A lot of people's outrage is due to not understanding how game development work nor how running companies/businesses work. Play the game and enjoy it on it's own merits, it's good."
76561198058489095,Recommended,314710,23693479,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Lost,"I know this game has received a bunch of bad reviews even before it was released. Yes, I agree that the game has been delayed and it was a pain BUT I am actualy reviewing this game out the the experience I personaly had while playing it.Even though everyone seems to hate the graphics and all the artistic work of this game I loved it, also apart from the main character I loved the character design of bosses and other character. Some story here and there was fun even though it was not the story of the year, it was entertaining. I haven't played the EX mode, only the story but still I already know i'll play it again.A few things that deceived me are the fact that the game is quite easy, I've beaten the story within 2 hours on my first playthrough, yes I played it on normal and I plan on playing the other difficulties but still it was pretty easy. There is also a few cutscenes and in there the character talk ( yeah I know SHOCKER right?) but even though they talk there is no animation of them talking that is a bit embarassing.All in all I really appreciated the game so I hope people will play it and stop complaining like before it came out!"
,Recommended,314710,23723093,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Noda,"even though there's no Buster ""charge"" still Rockman"
,Recommended,314710,23696168,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Subparhero,"This game rocks!Ignore all the butthurt kids who had to wait longer than they wanted for it to be released.Seriously, I cannot understand why anyone is giving this game a bad review.I'm only about halfway through the eight bosses, but this game is a lot of fun! It combines old school Megaman gameplay with a new dash-absorb feature that speeds up the game and  keeps things feeling new enough while giving you that good old Megaman fun.If you're an old school Megaman fan, get this game"
,Recommended,314710,23694142,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Major Ocelot,one this game is very hard but then again so was megaman 10 and that game is unfair in some areasbut one thing is clearlearn the boss patterns or you wont have fun with this gamethis game dosent deserve the bad rep its been gettingthe spirit of megaman is preserved herealthough i would call this a megaman x game rather than a megaman classic game
76561198260382125,Recommended,314710,23703125,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Reneka,"this game is so cool, fun, awesome,challenging, nice graphics and totally addictive. it's just an awesome game nothing less could be more. all the haters could hate but its still an awesome game and yes it is all of the above and i know its kind of..... the same as the trailer"
76561197989996364,Recommended,314710,23693415,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Spooky Electric,"I don't understand all the downvotes this game has been receiving.Its pretty much an average Mega Man game with gameplay updates.  Which is exactly what I wanted.  I am not sure what people were expecting.  Maybe they wanted a Mega Man X style of game.  I also have had no issues with bugs or anything and the game runs pretty well on my 7 year old rig.I haven't played all the levels yet, so I will edit this review with all the pros and cons once I complete the game.I do think the game isn't worth the $20 bucks.  I think $15 dollars would be enough.   Honestly though, I remember when I saved and saved and saved to get Mega Man 4 for about $40 bucks when it came out,  Using a money converter that is about $70 today."
76561198078484019,Recommended,314710,23691953,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Wow game reviews are being rough on this game. I like it alot so far. About an hour or 2 in. Game plays very similar to the original NES Megaman games with a little X mixed in with the dashing. I find it challenging and died a number of times. I beat three of the robots so far. Yes you can get by alot on your standard gun but early Megaman games were like that too including my favorite Megaman 2. Just like the classics it takes figuring out on how each level works and finding the pattern to the boss fights. Graphics keep a cartoony simple look but that helps the old school feel. Runs great on my PC haven't seen any lag yet. This game is great for original NES Megaman fans. Fun action platforming. Classic style all the way it really takes me back. Though I still play those original Megaman games today.
,Recommended,314710,23695949,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GhostedMemory,"(In My Opinion) This game Is great I am enjoying this game If you put aside all the stuff that happened it's actually really good. people are just giving it hate sololy based on what happened not the actually gameplay which sould not be the case.I find it very hard to find out how to do stuff or how can I unlock something when all the answeres I get are people just saying ""this game is bad cause of what the dev's did"" so how am I supposed to find out things about the game when all I can find is what the dev's did?But none the less I find this game really enjoyable And my friends will be getting this game soon as well so we can all play Its seriously fun.I recommend this game 100% if you're thinking about buying it then do it, and if you dont like it hay you can always refund it so you wont have to rely on what people are saying just give it a try thats all."
,Recommended,314710,23701804,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,poisonsoup,the stages is quite simple and short but some part of the map design is not goodthe game still fun for me
76561198002124849,Recommended,314710,29906610,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"I mean, I like it, but it's no Megaman X. More like a classic Megaman mixed with a racing game.If you're desperate for a MMX-style game that will assuredly not disappoint, grab 20XX instead."
76561198015248256,Recommended,314710,23693113,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Chill penguin,Knowing that people paid 4 million for a game thats not like megaman i can understand the hate but please consider to try ths game not from another  megaman game but a new game on its own and thats where you can see the charm for this game. On the ice stage i can see some frame lag but its not as bad as the ps4 version where the whole stage is slowed down. Block out interviews and give this game a try because you should be able to juged a game for yourself and not the other way around.
76561198256586842,Recommended,314710,23720626,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Overwatch,good. fun!!...
,Recommended,314710,25785618,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AZNMASTERRACE64,It's okay nothing great but not the worst
,Recommended,314710,24587863,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,MOOFA,i love this game i have it for the computer and the wii u the only prob;ewm i have with the game is that the game i very laggy on my pc and the wii u but i do want a second game and i dont care how much hate i get #BetterThanX7
76561198084320597,Recommended,314710,23691140,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[RESIST] TCOrigamist,"this game is excrutiatingly difficult, and I love it. It keeps the difficult nature of the original megaman games, while introducing new mechanics as well. Its fun, fast paced, action made the game worth the wait, and well worth the money. It does have a few frame drops and lag spikes when there are too many enimies on screen, but is an other wise enjoyable experience. 8/10."
,Recommended,314710,23694856,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HauntedPixel,"I'm honestly having a hard time understanding all of the hate on this game.  Did you like the original MegaMan games on Nintendo?  Great, you should feel right at home with this one.  It's a MegaMan style run and gun platformer.  It's not supposed to be incredibly complicated or chaotic.  Ignore the crowds with a chip on their shoulder and give it a go.  I think you'll find it a decent game that will hopefully lead to sequels that refine the series much like MegaMan did in the 80's."
,Recommended,314710,23690316,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,lking226,"Mighty No. 9 is more of a throwback to Mega Man. Even Doctor White sounds like Doctor Light. I like the boss stage that references PONG. Mega Man, however, has a better armored suit. The concept designs of Beck looked better than the final version of Beck. The protagonist of Tron Uprising is also named Beck. I wonder if Mister Inafune got inspired by the Tron XD show. Future dlc should include a ZERO costume."
76561198058444101,Recommended,314710,23693103,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SacerDraco,"game is fast and fun with just a little hint of unforgiving, graphics and Voice acting may be a little clunky, but the gameplay is solid."
76561198046933613,Recommended,314710,23691888,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,agentgro420,It's everything you'd expect from a Megaman game! It's even going back to the roots with its score system!
,Recommended,314710,23689556,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hy,A small loan of 4 million dollars
76561198086071211,Recommended,314710,23691373,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Jostur,I like it.
76561198132336269,Recommended,314710,31794940,Posted: 16 May,all,larosabros,"Reasons this game is getting bad reviews:1: It is a fan funded game and there is no money in it for the big dawgs. What if every game was fan funded? Aren't they technically fan funded anyways?2: People that go along with the concept of ""If it's not a first person shooter then it's lame.""3: The overwhelming amount of Millenials that left bad reviews probably have no idea of what a good video game actually is. I wonder how many reviewers have actually played and enjoy ""Megaman"". If you do not like ""Megaman"" then you will probably not like this. They are very similar.4: This game is actually a challenge. I had to put it down and come back to it later. As a matter of fact as of this review I am still playing it.5: It is a fan funded game. There will never be any money in it for the big dawgs. Any fan funded game will have an incredible amount of negative reviews from ""The go-alongs"" and ""The paid shills"". i.e Millenials, IGNNow for my review.Great game! They better make a sequel!"
76561198085045446,Recommended,314710,23725778,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hentie Dj,Dont let haters stop you from getting the game. this game is good. its hard but good.  its like megaman with a score system. not megaman x .....megaman. if you have played the 2 you know the dif on what the 2 were good at. this game i could have seen as a megaman game but probly as megaman 9 or 10. it feels like megaman updated with a score system. witch the score is optional you dont evein need to score any points to pass the lvl you just need to finish it .Voice acting.American - sounds like half a$$  trashJapanese - so much better.no glitches no crash so far. and gameplay has bin amazing with all the things 9 can do over megaman.iv bin playing Megaman my hole life. my first videogame i owned was Megaman  and this would have bin a good megaman game had it gotton that far.i dont know why people are hating on this game so much  Capcom barly let him make this game you think he would have bin able to make a new Megaman with other compony . Capcom Killed Megaman not this. this is good its what well get till capcom gives the ok on a new megaman game witch im not buying unless capcom lets the creator back.
,Recommended,314710,23709623,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,GodJaques,Like Keiji Inafune said: It's better than nothing. xD8/10.----------------------------------------------------Como Keiji Inafune disse: É melhor que nada. xD8/10.
76561198069834541,Recommended,314710,23693278,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Raiden-o-head,Great game.  Graphics are ment for 4k... they really shine in 4k can see how they may look bland to some in 1080.  The gameplay is a modern take on the old shooter platformer... not a clone of mega man very different.  I like the story and the characters so for me this is a great fast paced platformer shooter with a cool cartoon style.  Great for arcade like game sessions.
76561198016042536,Recommended,314710,23693329,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Xavi,Better than nothing!!!Would gladly get my childhood destroyed again!
76561198043546629,Recommended,314710,30134254,Posted: 23 February,all,(A),"Really great game, i don't understand why people hate it so much."
76561198028029359,Recommended,314710,25045827,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Blaze the Pegasus,"Honestly, I think it's a decent game, yes it can be challenging but it's the closest thing to a Mega Man game, and you know what, it feels just like Mega Man. So if you like Mega Man and you've been waiting for a new Mega Man game for many years now, then this is for you."
,Recommended,314710,23689785,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Artorias,"This is a perfectly functional Mega Man clone. Yeah, there's better games out there for your money--but you've probably already played through the Mega Man Legacy collection (which doesn't even include MM8, which is what this most reminds me of) and beaten Shovel Knight six times. If you're jonesing for more Mega Man content, this fits the bill; it feels like a Mega Man game made for the Dreamcast, and I don't mind that."
,Recommended,314710,23689944,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Don,"""Better than nothing"" is a perfect description. It works a lot better than the console versions people were playing on twitch. I havent followed it too closely so I didn't really expect much either. It doesn't feel like megaman but its playable and maybe enjoyable."
76561198136627253,Recommended,314710,23689442,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,RRThiel,This game makes me cry like a prom fan on anime night.
,Recommended,314710,23689281,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Vurtua7,"The games really not bad. There's just a lot of negativity and hostility towards it because of it's dev time. Honestly, I haven't play the game through yet, but I like it. It's art styles a little odd, but I don't really care about that, the game itself is exactly what I was expecting. I wouldn't say this is the greatest game in existance, but I would say it's worth a try. If you like mega man, you're probably gonna like this.-I didn't say I didn't play the game people, I said I hadn't played the game through yet. By the time of writing the review, I had completed the tutorial and beat pyro. That's not a lot of progress, but I felt it was enough to make a comment about the games gameplay, style, and story.-------- EDIT --------After playing through the game, and putting some extra time into it, I have to say, my review stands. It's really not as bad as everyone is saying. Again, it's not the greatest game in the world, but if you're a megaman fan, it's worth a shot. The actual gameplay mechanics, like the dashing through enimies to absob them, as well as the overall speed of the game, is pretty fantastic. It's fast and fluid and a good amount of fun. But, if you're in it for a story, don't bother, it's minimal and doesn't have much to it. The artstyle is weird and cartoony, but I love that about it. Basically, all in all, I have to say this game isn't bad. It's not great, but it's not nearly as bad as what people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing, and honestly, most of that ♥♥♥♥♥ing is just because of how long it took to get released."
,Recommended,314710,23731076,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[Vilebloods] Nezero,The game has some issues there's no doubt. The voice acting is kinda ehh its not bad but it's not much worse from what you'd hear in a Megaman game. What's annoying is that you can't change the settings to show keyboard commands instead of controller commands which gets pretty old pretty fast. It plays more like an OG Megaman game rather than like how the ZX series did. Overall the game needs a lot of little things to be polished and touched up on but other than that its not all that bad. i'd give it like a 7/10 but its honestly not worth 20$ wait for it to go on sale.
76561197969849409,Not Recommended,314710,23741635,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kaelside,"What the hell hapened?Everyone involved should be ashamed.I've seen better XNA games on a Xbox 360.Might No.9 would have been lackluster as a PS2 games, nevermind one made today.UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT :("
76561198139927835,Recommended,314710,24075709,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,King Weirdo,"This game is not terrible as many people said. Gameplay is pretty good. nice BGM (for retro version), characters design is also ok (for me). The main weak points of this game are no power up accessories (like Megaman X armors) and hidden paths, those are the most fascinating parts of Megaman series. I think this is the main reason that  makes  Megaman fans get mad and also the consequence of huge thumbs down. By the way, I am not the big fan of Megaman, so I do not think it is awful,The system that makes instant kill by dashing through the weaken enemies make game rushing and flowing smoothly.This is the main distinctive of the game. I  think this game is distributed with reasonable price compare to the quality, so it worthwhile to pick it up if you are the one who like 2D old fashioned action game .Gameplay 7.5Graphic Display 6.0  (unreal engine 3.0)Impact 7.0"
76561198139915962,Recommended,314710,23763003,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dropes,"The game was based on megaman and megaman x but this game isn't mega man it's other game with similar mechanics, but if you still want to play this game don't expect a new megaman.Now about the graphics like don't play this game expecting wonderfull graphics it's like a cartoon simple but good, the musics it fits with the game and the phases, the difficult it's like a new dark souls hard as $#%#, but if i can play you cna too"
,Not Recommended,314710,23694994,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Aliabobwah,"EDIT AT BOTTOM---------------------------------------------Quite frankly, I don't understand the hate for this game at all. I'm a long time Megaman fan and I've played damn near every Megaman game that's come out and I love MIghty No 9. They gameplay is reaaaaaally fast once you get the hang of it. I like the controls, but it is a bit of a shift from Megaman games as far as physics go. I got used to it relatively quick, and I'm loving how it plays. It is difficult and at times frustrating, but once you hit the flow and the groove of the game you sail through stages blowing everything up.Love the way you can switch forms in this. When you beat a boss, you don't just get one power like in Megaman and Megaman X, instead you get a different set of attacks depending on the form. It adds a little extra depth that I appreciated. I love the way dash system works once I got used to it. It was an adjustment, and I'd reccomend remapping dash to a trigger instead of a bumper o controller.  As far as the length of the game, I'd say it's on par with the Megaman games this game is looking to keep in spirit with. It can be short or long depending on how you do things, but replaying runs has always been enjoyable to me.I understand that many are upset about the delays and how the Kickstater went, which is can definitely understand, but those delays were due to productions issues...not adding content. It's unfortunate that this game had trouble getting out, but I think people's feelings about the process of getting the game to release has translated into poor reviews. I'm not trying to say people who are upset are wrong, but I hope that the negativity of the process doesn't affect what to me is a very enjoyable game. This is Comcepts first go at releasing their on game, so it isn't guarenteed to go smoothly, but they've added features that Megaman hasn't done before. Multiplayer Megaman that isn't turn based? Chaotic, but awesome.I love Megaman. I love Mighty No. 9. If you like Megaman or fast paced challenging 2.5d platformers, get it.Give the game a chance. I still believe in Keiji Inafune and I still believe in Comcept.EDIT:Yeah, forget all that. 4/10. Enjoyed the power swaps, but some stages are just not fun. Looking at you, Sniper Guy. Bought this at release, haven't beaten it, don't see myself beating it anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,314710,33645840,Posted: 18 July,all,Perkinator,"Terrible game mechanics and awful level design.This game has a lot of great ideas but fails use any of them in a good way.  The controls are extremely twitchy but the levels require precise platforming.  The game isn't difficult in a sense but ""cheap"" it's full of dozens of instant death traps that don't add any fun or challenge to the game just frustration.If you really love this style of game I can't recommend it.  If you do want it however don't pay anymore than $5 for it."
,Recommended,314710,33838747,Posted: 27 July,all,dabomb654,Pros:Fast PacedGreat VarietyOkay DifficultyHas Yuri Lowenthal which is good.Cons:Did someone say Gamecube Homebrew?
,Not Recommended,314710,34027993,Posted: 4 August,all,Captain J. Ryno,It's not bad but just go play classic Mega Man. Not even Inafune could resurrect that beast.
76561198066312819,Not Recommended,314710,33981957,Posted: 2 August,all,Pestilence,"Lesson learned, Never pre-order."
