user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,314810,30702567,Posted: 24 March,all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,"I have played the game of my dreams for a Point & Click game, it has it all for me at least:1)	Funny A$$ jokes you can’t stop smiling and laughing (my face really turned red a lot of the times).2)	Memories of my child hold nerd life lol (just best memories ever).3)	A sicko as a friend (I have one of those best friends that makes life fun still have one of those)4)	Love the carefree character who love only himself in the start then evolves to become a true friend.5)	The graphics are quite pleasant not so bad reminds me of the old days when I played these types of games with my crazy cousins.Examples:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=884656902http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=8889838806)	The voice acting is perfect for me.7)	Adult humor/storyline LoL is really good very enjoyable for a Point & Click game.8)	The puzzles are not easy but challenging which is good but fun and very satisfying when you solve it.9)	The game is looooooong it depends on you, how fast your mind can solve each puzzle or adventure.10)	There is a looooooot of dialog and I mean it’s more than any game I played that’s for sure, it feels that you are playing in a long movie, and I love that perfect for my type of game.11)	What you will pay for it you will not regret it, its good amount of content for what you pay for.12)	If you ever get stuck in this game no worries there is a hint system to get you through it (I used it once or twice myself ) (don’t use it if you don’t have to otherwise the game will suck for you).I recommend this game for all Point & Click lovers and those who want to try this type of game get this first you will not regret it (its also cheap as hell)I will place my gameplay this week on my YouTube channel:https://www.youtube.com/c/Hovacones1?sub_confirmation=1I have full gameplay with live commentary of this game on my YouTube channel ( Hovac One ) check it out hope you enjoy it this is the link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-9A9BzqAw&index=4&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mXd1vuLY8VJ0FInGiQFoZSZ"
76561198099845634,Not Recommended,314810,17449972,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,maple_chan90,"As both a nerd and a huge fan of Daedalic's point-and-click adventures, I bought Randal's Monday thinking this was just the game for me.Boy, was I ever wrong.First of all, it should noted that Daedalic is just the publisher of this game.  The game was actually developed by a different studio, and it shows.  There were spelling errors, a glitchy interface, and the ending narration kept repeating itself over itself, so at one point I had three narrators talking to me at once.  Yikes.The humor in this game is crude in nature, by which I mean puking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/gore/excessive swearing.  For some people, this is right up their alley.  Personally?  I was not amused.  Don't get me wrong: the occasional non-crude thing was funny.  I really enjoyed the four characters who show up near the end of the game to help you (I won't mention who they are, to avoid spoilers).  But for a comedy game, way too many jokes fell flat.And to make matters worse, the main character is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  My guess is that, after the success of Rufus in the Deponia trilogy, Daedalic wanted to make another Rufus-y character, but wanted to up the ante.  However, by increasing the main characters snark and self-centeredness, they lost a lot of the charm that made Rufus likeable.  And no one wants to get stuck playing as a main character they hate.I will give this game a hand, however, for its abundance of nerdy references.  Randal's Monday is over flowing with references to famous movies, video games, TV shows, etc: Star Wars, Back to the Future, Clerks, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Portal, Fallout, Bioshock, Resident Evil, A Clockwork Orange, Pulp Fiction, Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, just to name a few.  Seriously, it would take forever to list all of the media referenced in this game.If you hardcore love nerdy references, and aren't bothered by the excessive vomitting, gore, and generally dumb-assery, then give this game a shot.  Maybe buy it on sale.  Otherwise, don't bother.  There are plenty of other point-and-click adventures that are more worthy of your time."
,Recommended,314810,18823364,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MelBee42,"Another case where I wish there was a 'meh' rating option on Steam. It really sits on the borderline between a thumbs up/thumbs down, so I've gone with 'recommend' as I'm feeling charitable today. Make no mistake though, this game has plenty of issues. Let me explain...Pros+ Art style is decent enough+ References to just about every cult phenomenon you can think of (although the constant references get pretty grating after a while)+ Plenty of game for your money+ Runs fine/controls are decent enough+ Some amusing lines+ Adult humour/storyline, which makes a nice change for a point and click game+ Plenty of game for your moneyCons- Puzzles are ridiculously hard in places with ludicrous illogical solutions, some of the most bizarre and frustrating I've ever seen in this type of game. I used a walkthrough for more than half of this game- Really overstays its welcome. I mean, I usually appreciate decent length in a game, as it offers better value for money and allows you get immersed in a rich story. With this game, however, I got pretty sick of it and by the end I just wanted it to finish.- Way too much dialogue which means it feels incredibly slow-paced. And this is coming from someone who usually loves the dialogue in p&cs, so much so I normally make sure I exhaust all dialogue options with all characters. Here, I was skipping it more often than not.- Really not as funny as it thinks it is.OverallOverall, it might be worth picking up in a sale if you love point and clicks and have exhausted your Steam backlog, particularly if you fancy a more adult themed (yet still light hearted) p&c game - there aren't that many out there. Otherwise, there are better games for you to spend your money and time on."
,Not Recommended,314810,16671381,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,scootser,"I was really hyped to play another Daedalic adventure and nothing from the visuals gave any signs that it wasn't one. The style of the drawings is identical to the style of Edna and Harvey so naturally I thought that this was a game developed by Daedalic.Launching the game the first time I was surprised that it didn't pop up the standard Visionnaire tool that every other Daedalic adventure game had. Actually the engine used in Randal's Monday is somewhat better performance wise than the Visionnaire engine. So I thought Daedalic had finally developed a new engine, no big deal.However, slowly a suspicion started creeping up that Randal's Monday might have been made by some B team. The dialogue is uncharacteristically long and frankly quite boring. The inventory system is hell due to the fact that you can only use an item once before having to select it again. And the biggest telltale sign of all: the puzzle design and sequencing was seriously lacking.Let's talk about how the inventory system works for a bit. You have a standard inventory icon in the lower left side of the screen that opens up into a comic book. In this comic book you can fit around 20 objects per page and oh boy are you going to carry more than 20 pieces of stuff constantly. To combine things from different pages in your inventory you first have to select thing 1, flip the page, and select thing 2. Simple enough, right? Now try doing it 20 times. I swear it took more than an hour of my life of just doing this to complete the game. I would understand if this system was developed to discourage rubbing things against eachother mindlessly, but many of the game's puzzles are based around combining random objects.Then there are the puzzles. Half of the time the objective is quite clear and you know what you generally need to do to proceed. However, the thing you need to do is derailed by massive and logic free detours so that most of the time you're really not sure what you are doing. I found myself asking myself ""Why am I doing this?"" on numerous occasions. And there's weren't just picking up small objects either. The reason for entire hour long puzzles is sometimes revealed only at the end when you receive something useful without previously knowing of its existence.Then there's the story. Not worth it. Trust me.I really do feel bad about criticizing this game so heavily and I hope Nexus Game Studios goes on to develop more adventure games. There's some serious talent there if they get a decent writer and work out some of the problems Randal's Monday had.-Scoot"
76561198000629362,Recommended,314810,12951719,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MetalForever,"TLDR: If you are on the fence or new/returning after a long hiatus to the genre, I'd just say to know what you are getting into with the game, so you don't end up disappointed at what it is.As someone who really loves point and click adventure games, I have a really hard time writing a review for this game. I blindly bought this game based solely on the teaser trailer I saw here on Steam. The humor/art style/voice acting hooked me, but I also knew what to expect from a point and click game. If you are someone who is moderately into point and click games and is on the fence, I'd say it's an enjoyable if not overstretched experience and worth the playthrough.However, if you are someone who has never played a point and click game before or haven't in a long time, I'd have a really hard time suggesting the game to you. I don't feel this game services in any capacity as a gate way into the genre. To start things off, I understand the genre is pretty niche and all, there is no reason for the total exclusion of some sort of tutorial to the game. (I assume they figured with a built in walk through system, it was redundant but I dont think that is any excuse if it is the case.) Especially in a game so rooted in archaic game mechanics, such as the heavy inventory management and the illogical in name of humor item combinations.The game is very committed to old school mechanics, like multiple over item combinations, items having more than one use, items having to be inspected once already in your inventory to activate them or find new items. There is alot of backtracking, and certain interactions that don't become available until you've gone through the correct dialogue trees. On the topic of dialogue, the game is incredibly dialogue heavy. You can go down wrong dialogue paths and have to basically restart conversations to get to what you need.I may be sounding negative here, but this isn't my intent. I am just trying to help people understand what they are getting with the game. Alot of people enjoy being challenged and thrown somewhat illogical routes toward solving puzzles but I understand that same thing can turn alot of people off.As to the actual game though, game play mechanics aside. The voice acting and graphic styling is top notch especailly considering there is still a moderate amount of the genre still in pixel art (which I'm not saying is bad, just some people will automatically write a game off because of it) with no to mediocre voice work. I found myself actually laughing out loud at certain points in the game, but I felt it did start to over do it a bit after a while with all the pop culture references. I'd liken the pandering to somewhere around the level of the ""The Big Bang Theory"" , (which coincidently is even referenced) think it kind of falls into the realm of you enjoy it or hate it. The way the game progressed and how what you did every day affected how it played out the next day was really interesting as well.I would say the game started to drag on a bit towards the second half of the game, where I found myself using the walk throughs more and more just to get through the game, when I usually try my best to not to ""cheat"" my way through most point and click  games and thier puzzles. I think the game was just a little too long for its own good, being so dialogue heavy and pop culture reference populated, the actual plot of the game just started to drift off and fizzle out in the sea of everything that was being thrown at you.All and all though, it was an enjoyable game and I beat it in a only a couple of sittings despite its length, so regardless of its downfalls it was still an overall fun experience and one I'd suggest, but only if you know what you are getting into."
76561198011233147,Not Recommended,314810,31240697,Posted: 19 April,all,J3ST3R,"As fun as a rainy monday :oSHave you ever been to a stand-up show where you expect to get a good laugh? The guy looks funny and you know the production company behind him has some really funny comedians on their roster. Then the guy opens his mouth and with the most annoying voice you can imagine and no personality at all he spends 30 minutes telling a joke that is not remotely funny and tries to save it by explaining the joke and fakely laughs of his own joke. The awkward feeling you sit with when the whole room sits silently watching in disbelief of what this guy is doing is what this game feels like, and he doesn't stop for 15+ HOURS!I was grasping at some hope that something funny eventually would happen, but I quickly understood that I would only be disappointed. I cringed basically every time I went into a conversation with anybody. Not only would you get misplaced and hopeless attempts at humor, but it'd last forever. The dialogues just goes on and on. The lengthy dialog would not in itself be a bad thing if the context was good, but it just isn't.....EVER. So, basically, you just sit there tapping your fingers and rolling your eyes waiting for it to finally be over so you can go and do the same somewhere else. The biggest reward in this game is just getting done with it.That is a lot of negativity at the start of a review, but fortunately it is not all bad. I have to say I really like the artwork. There's some real talent in that department. Both the characters and the scenery are done well in a style i like. Some characters have ok to good voice-overs, though the main character is as uninteresting, emotionless and monotone as thew come. Don't know if I can blame the voice actor for this though as the script could scare the talent out of almost anyone. There are plenty of references to movies, series and other games (which is something i like). The main idea of the game and its premise seems like it could make for an enjoyable ride if it only had been done properly.I have to question some of the game design choices too though. You know those pesky illogical tasks that you hear complains about in many games of this genre? Well, this game is setting a world record in it. There are so many mind bendingly stupid illogical tasks that makes no sense. And if you get a hint to what to do next it is so vague that you probably have no idea what to do. This means you'll end up pixelhunting and going back and forth through the scenes trying everything on everything. Everything is just poorly guided. The best part is when you have to do all of that just for it to end up being pointless. Oh well.The game is also riddled with a few bugs that will hinder your advancement. I got black screens, set-pieces that didn't occur and characters that disappeared. Luckily there were easy workarounds or got fixed by reloading your last save. One tip: save OFTEN!I'm sad to say that I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone, not even if you got it for free. It is just a waste of time. I'm trying hard to think of who would enjoy this for any reason, and I can't come up with anyone. Maybe, if your life has too much fun going on and you'd like to take some time off of that and practice your rolling of eyes and shaking your head, it could be worth it if you got it damn cheap or free.I hate to give an adventure game this harsh critique, as a true lover of adventure games. I also understand that the developers did not try to make a bad game. I have to say that a lot of what makes this game bad is the writing and some game design choices. A bit of upgrading in those departments and I think this developer could have a solid future.Luckily, for this game, not everybody shares my opinion which might also differ from yours, so make sure to read up some more reviews before you decide what to do. All I can say is that I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I'll give it a 3/10 rating just because of the work put into it and the artwork, if it wasn't for that it would be a big FAT 0.Happy Gaming :o)TJ"
,Not Recommended,314810,25338500,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kplvx8,"I liked most of Daedalic's games, but I cannot recommend this one for a couple of reasons (minor spoilers ahead):1.  The characters are all a bunch of unlikable idiots.  For some reason, the main character is an amoral jerk, but for some reason he feels a need to save his drunken idiot of a friend from repeatedly killing himself.  Some people might find them funny, but I just found them a bunch of abrasive morons.2. The game is repetative, with you going over the same locations repeatedly each timeloop, looking for whatever minor changes have happened in the world.  Sometimes there are noew items hidden away, sometimes the characters hive different dialog, but it is annoying to have to go over every screen looking for the one new plot hook you need to progress.3.  The puzzles are often wildly illogical.  A good chunk of the game is devoted to finding a single quarter to use in a vending machine.  Of course, you cannot just look under the couch cushions or borrow one from someone.  Instead you have a multi-stage puzzle involving repairing a radio and making a working lightsaber just to get a single coin.4.  The game is inconsistent with allowing you to do stuff ahead of time.  Sometimes the game allows you to pick up or use items ahead of when you need to use them, and sometimes the game does not let you.  This is annoying considering how you repeated visit the same areas each loop, so you are forced to try using everything with everything each loop to see if you are allowed to do something new.5.  The game does not seem to be very consistent with the rules of time-travel.  Some things change each loop and some things stay the some, so the plot seems to progress at random with each time-loop."
76561197992692737,Recommended,314810,16526614,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Asteroid27,Funny game. Alot of (geek) culture built into it with swearing on the side. Thoroughly enjoyed every part of it. Although I don't think the classic-school adventure clickers will have an easy time of navigating through this game (I didn't but I'm rusty). If you can get it on sale I'd think you'd enjoy it.
76561198076440112,Not Recommended,314810,24055176,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TJ,"not worth the timeprosanimation is goodvoice acting is greatdecent plot ideasome good jokespop cultural referencesconsevery conversation stretches 5+ minutes (or at least feels that way)most jokes are not funnyan abundance of pop cultural referencestoo longUnfortunately the cons outweigh the pros immensely. The length wouldn't have been a problem if the game was funny. In the end since I was curious how the story ends, I skipped half the conversation (knowing that I wouldn't miss much) and that is why that it took only 14 hours to finish it. The dialogue which is the cornerstone of a good point & click is simply boring, they should have hired a professional writer to trim the excess lines because believe me there is a lot of it. Most conversations are full of filler lines like ""whatever"" yeah right"" ""sure"" ""I don't care"" which is fine but when 5-6 such lines follow each other it can be really frustrating.And what should be the strength of the game, the references are very badly done. Most of them are just there, which is fine but when there is 20 reference in a screen and none of them have a particular joke connected to it it gets old really fast. The whole thing turns to a how many can you find game, which could be fine but I always felt that less would be more.So I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone, maybe if your humor threshold is so low that you start laughing uncontrollably just by looking upon a random star trek object on a shelf."
76561198068465411,Not Recommended,314810,29479098,Posted: 25 January,all,Egotistical Raven,"I cannot recommend this game, Randal's Monday. The game has a very nice Groundhog vibe to it with time span (that's not often done in video games), but it has very bad humour and references, and the gameplay is quite poor.The game has the plot of Randal (the character you control) stealing a ring from his friend and repeating the same day over and over again, each day his friend dies in a different way. I always liked this concept in movies, as it can be quite interesting, and in video games it is a whole nother story. This concept has not been explored in a hell've a lot of video games (surprisingly enough, as it would be useful for using a minimal amount of sprites and characters), thus this is a new and refreshing thing in games. This feature is actually what originally drew me to the game in the first place.The humour in this game is very, very bad, and so are the references. There are a ton of references, and at first the first two or three references you see are nice and funny, but after the hundreth one you sort of get sick of it, the game eventually gives off the feeling that it's trying WAYYY too hard. The humour at best is weak and at worse is offensive. There are homophobic jokes, and transphobic jokes. As well as a lot of suicide jokes, violent jokes in general, body shaming, sexist jokes, etc. It's essentially Deponia's humour on steriods. A few little violent or offensive jokes aren't great, but they are forgivable, but when they resort to implying that not only trans people are mentally ill, but gay people also, you sort of see a problem. The point of a game like this is humour, and if said humour is not funny, they aren't doing their job properly, this game would not exactly be played for it's plot anyway.Randal's Monday is also plagued by really poor gameplay. Not only is it really annoying to activate the inventory, but travelling anywhere becomes a hassle. Puzzles in point and click games are supposed to not really make all that much sense, and help you think outside of the box, but this game takes that to a new level, there have been many times in the game when I have had really good stuff in my inventory, but none of it is anything I need, even if it seems I can use it.... Some of the diaogue puzzles seem to need you to be able to tell the future to solve them, or just read a walkthrough.... These nonsense puzzles can make the game not fun anymore, and just frustrating to play. Which turns the game more into a chore than a game.Overall, if you aren't turned off by offensive humour, stale references, and bland gameplay, this is the game for you, but if you have any taste at all, you might want to think twice about buying this game. I am sure that there are some parts to be enjoyed in this game, such as creating a drinking game for the references, which may lead to your liver plotting revenge, or you could enjoy playing the same day over and over and over again, because repetition is so very fun...."
76561198181056393,Not Recommended,314810,33027234,Posted: 30 June,all,battle-drome,"There are lots to appreciate this point and click game. Multiple dialogues, fairly good animation, good background designs and potentially good story.But the characters are unlikable and unfunnyThe film references are either just there or annoyingThe game play is tedious and lacks so much logic despite it constantly creating new rules.It tries to pass off as having good quantity of game play by recycling animation and backgrounds, using the 'time travel' storytelling, but lacks so much content to actually be entertaining."
76561198097832872,Recommended,314810,13230852,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,tutomaky,"Really fun game and lots of nods to old videogames and films. Dialogues sometimes too long but always funny.Specially surprised by the 6th episode. Everything changes after day 5. In day 6 you have to scape from prison and is really crazy. Highly recommended specially for ""classic"" old point and click adventures fans."
76561198054073678,Not Recommended,314810,29926965,Posted: 14 February,all,gone from 3/10 to18/10,"Very hard point and click adventure, recommended only to the roughest and most expirienced point and click gamers."
,Recommended,314810,18980395,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,kris.saether,"This game is a real love-letter to most things sci-fi/point n' click adventure games! If you're a total nerd for such things, like I am, you'll enjoy the many, many references to all sorts of classics in these genres.PROS:- very funny dialogue- amusing characters- interesting storyline, quite unique really- great protagonist- top-notch voice acting- nice animation style- pretty cool soundtrack- mostly fair puzzles that don't leave you groping for a walkthrough if you just acquit yourself!- at least 20 hours of gameplay, even for the experienced adventurer (I hope!)CONS:- a little repetitive in terms of the environments/jokes, but this is necessary because of the story structure- the jokes are often a bit puerile and not as witty/accessible as I'd like to see- I don't really care about swearing, but sometimes it's a bit over the top- dialogue puzzles can be a bit too long, but I prefer inventory puzzles so I'm biassedWARNINGS:- adult themes throughout- slightly nasty animation sometimes (gore, vomit)- a lot of expletivesAs you can see, personally I love this game, I was scraping the barrel a bit for the CONS, that section was more my attempt to try to imagine things from others' perspectives. This game is fully recommended here."
76561198119443368,Not Recommended,314810,32054068,Posted: 29 May,all,rockdeworld,"In terms of development, this is a very well-made game. But I didn't enjoy it because of the mechanics, puzzles, and plot, and I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,314810,16751206,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Exotic Lemming,"I'll have to stop playing this game as it is not enjoyable to me.Many puzzles are not logical, and feel like there would be a much more obvious solution to them.The dialogue feels forced, and so far has basically been ""Randall cracks long referential jokes at everything, even in dead serious situations"", it causes a complete disconnection from the situation and story.There seems to be a lot of backtracking in this game, perhaps it will get better but I don't have the willpower to force myself to play it longer than I have.I'm not a big fan of playing as a dislikeable lazy guy that seems to be strangely apathetic even in the strangest situations.The soundtrack is extremely repetitive and dull, it's a constant simple little cheery tune that could get on your nerves.This game lacks a lot of energy for my taste, which is a shame since the story does intrigue me.I don't think it's a very bad game, I just couldn't get invested in it."
,Recommended,314810,23859681,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,🔪,"You'll maybe need to watch the movieClerks.(1994) to get this game better.WARNING: minor spoilers ahead. this review is looooooooong.Randal太帥我靠簡直是我理想男友This is now my favourite point-and-click game ever, and one of my favs of all games.I'll start off by saying that I have read many reviews on this game and most of them say that the main character is not likeable at all,IGN took one step further by calling Randal ""the bad guy"".I fell for the main character, however, after he popped the joke about nuns and stole his drunk best freind's wallet.I am now lamenting about the lack of slash fanart and fanfics of the main character and the antagonist they cleverily (lazily) left out of the epilogue of the game but anyway I decide to make some myself soMany reviews also mentioned that, the puzzles are extravagant and gets in the way of the story.But rather, I think the puzzles ARE the story.Or at least, a part of it. After all, I think the puzzles are meant to be this way and enjoyed. Many of them seem to make little sense , others are just straight up, I'll quote the reviews here, ""needlessly cruel"" and ""of bad taste""(I personally find them quite enjoyable).But these puzzles are there to serve but one single purpose:  To show what a kleptomaniac, a sociopath and a horrible friend Randal is. (it's right there in the description on game's store page)So it would make sense, that some of the puzzles seem ridiculous and to be laughing at the word ""logic"".---That's because the puzzles are for socipahts, and weren't even meant to be comprehended by a normal human's mind.Either that or nexus game studio sucks at puzzle-making.You're welcome to try, but don't expect it'll be a breeze. Instead, you're welcome to use the in-game hint system, instead of wokring your butt off clicking any possible item-character combination until your finger cramps.The game itself laughs at this, yes. It's just its attempt at humor, and schadenfreude at your poor attempt mind think you can beat the game without any help whatsoever.The puzzles are all inside the head of a sociopath, they are not meant for normal people to get.Instead, you should just enjoy the puzzles as a character-making elements of Randal.Use a guide, there is no shame in that.I personally have beaten the first six chapters (""Mondays"") without any guides or in-game hints.Got kinda anxious after monday six becuase I really wanted to see the endingI guess that's saying something. You may think that some bad news on my mental intergrity but you're two years too late.My shrink already broke the news to me of my sociopathy back in '14.I will conclude by stating that Randal's Monday is by no means a ""Bad Game"" (amirite IGN).It has some decent art style, premises, crude humor and voice acting. Nexus may work harder at the pacing, but I enjoy the story nevertheless.Indeed, this game may not be for everyone.But if you enjoyfeeding the in-game pidgeons poisonous popcorns and don't give a ♥♥♥♥ because they're just a bunch of drawingsand had a good laugh doing it,THIS is the game for you.TL;DR?For all you fellow sociopaths, like-minded folks of mine, try Randal's Monday, get it when it's on sale, and you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,314810,31043378,Posted: 9 April,all,HORIA,"meh , the story is all over the place , the main character is dull and doesn t care about anything and the end  feels rushedprobably the worst daedelic point and click"
76561198195586779,Not Recommended,314810,32461234,Posted: 15 June,all,cts.cobra,"I love adventure games , especially old ones like ""The Dig"" , ""Monkey Island"", ""Grim fandango"" etc and new ones like Deponia and ""The Vampyre story"". I really wanted to like this game and couldn't wait to buy it since it has all my favorite shows , characters , movies etc. It has freaking Jay and Silent Bob !!. But the game was boring as hell and all that trivia was missuesed , I didn't had one chuckle and almost since first hour I just hoped that the game will be soon over so I can unistall it. I am sorry to say this game was a miss :(Also there are a lot and I say A LOT of akward pauses after character finishes talking and you wait for mouse pointer to come to screen or that character continues to talk or do the command."
,Not Recommended,314810,33490187,Posted: 12 July,all,condorman,Cons: More cringy pop culture references than an episode of The Big Bang Theory.Pros: You get to hear what it would sound like if Geralt of Rivia had a really difficult BM.
,Recommended,314810,16917271,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Vhaynne,"I cannot give this game enough praise.  It is by far one of my favorite point & click adventure games.  Not the best, but so so close.First off, if you are offended by bad language...stay away.  Blood and gore?  There is some of that too.  If it does not offend you and you even remotely consider yourself a gamer or sci-fi fan, please play this game.  I was either constantly smiling or flat out laughing the whole time.  Some of the puzzles can be a little tricky as the items you need for certain situations don't make a ton of sense, but PLEASE try this out if you are into anything I have mentioned.Going to be playing through again just so I can 100% this one and so I can laugh again."
76561198044392189,Not Recommended,314810,28355159,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SimDuke,"The references are fun, but the gameplay is not.The puzzles are very illogical and tedious, The main character is very unlikable. The story streches out for too long and does not go anywhere. Thr game is unbeatable without a guide.It seems like they wanted to create a game with lots of references in it, but they had never put any thought into the gameplay, characters, or story.Pass."
,Not Recommended,314810,34266490,Posted: 15 August,all,imtezcan,"I am a huge fan of point-and-click adventure games, as well as a sci-fi nerd. Randal's Monday is full of references to things that I like. A lot. Still, I couldn't spend more than an hour on playing it and certainly cannot recommend it to anyone.Worst aspects:- The game feels painfully slow. Awkward silences & pauses between scenes or sentences, slow walking speed, even slow voice acting. Does nothing to engage you from the beginning.- Speeches and cutscenes are too long and it's unbearable especially in the beginning of the game. Characters talk and talk and talk before you can do any clickin'.- The character is defined as a kleptomaniac from the very beginning but in the first hour of gameplay, he will say he doesn't want to steal anything, that it would be wrong bla bla. He kinda seems like a decent guy. But displays no sign of real emotion when something drastic happens. Same dull tone of voice all the time.- That look Randal gives whenever he stops speaking. Why does he look towards 'us' after every sentence? That's really, really annoying.- The jokes are off. Mainly because the story and the characters are totally off. And you hear tons of obscene references to things that may have happened god knows when, and it's supposed to be funny but it's not, because it has no history for you, you don't understand anything from context.- Puzzles feel off too. Usually they don't make much sense. At least they didn't make sense to me.Pros:- The only good thing about the game is the references to sci-fi culture. But even that is overused and most of the time feels annoying rather than amusing.So, this was unfortunately one of the very few p&c games that I recently played yet cannot recommend. I couldn't bear to play it enough to actually get the real story. Because every minute in this game feel like ages for me."
76561197995530036,Not Recommended,314810,14219845,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,kryos,"First off, it is not a bad game, i just would not recommend it.I liked the graphics and the art style a lot, it fits the characters and looked smooth.The story is nice, with some unexpected twists.The combining of items is where it gets annoying, the protagonist uses the same line of text everytime depending which item you chose first, e.g. ""Why would i want to glue that?"" At first glance this would be fine, altough you find yourself in the situation to have to combine unorthodox items quite a lot. It would have been nice to hear multiple lines depending on what you try to combine.The voice acting was of my liking, the protagonist sounded bored when he should and showed excited emotions if appropriate.I think the pack in a ton of references in a game thing is fine, altough it looses its novelty bonus quite fast.Furthermore i did not like the backtracking. E.g. Having to try to open a door, fail at it, gain nothing of value,just to be able to progress in a location completely unrelated to the doorsituation. This felt frustrating and slightly infuriating. I even experienced mild enragement after that happened. It is not like you accomplished something witty.The puzzles range from solvable by logic to randomly trying everything.If all of the above sounds good to live with, by all means get the game.I just did not feel it was worth my money.In conclusion it is a fine game but for a rather niche audience."
76561198043001146,Recommended,314810,22649981,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,anotherwhitebird,"I can see why people would say it overstays its welcome, but I thoroughly enjoyed the 20 hours I spent on this game.  The first chapter was slow, and it took me months to come back to the game after getting bored during the start.  After the first one ends is where the game really takes off, and I wish the first day was a little more direct so the real story could start sooner.Despite how much I enjoyed the game, and the respectable play time (for a point-and-click) I still don't think it's worth $20.  Definitely get it on sale if you're a fan of the genre, won't get annoyed at an entire game made of culture references, and like a funny, sarcastic storyline."
76561198285273113,Recommended,314810,29390135,Posted: 20 January,all,MadTurtle_BUM,Its a pretty funny game and has alot of refrences for all nerds and geeks
,Not Recommended,314810,20498295,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Newton,"I loved Rufus in Deponia, but this Randal is a real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and I can't even come close to finding anything he said in the hour I've played funny or interesting...Maybe when I have absolutely no more games to play I will re-give this one a try, but I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,314810,30677396,Posted: 22 March,all,Phlave,"I fell in love years ago with the genre of graphic point and click adventures playing Manic Mansion, Monkey Island and Sam and Max. For years I yearned for games with such well written dialogues, puzzles that are hard to solve, but also make you laugh out loud for their apparent simplicity, and memorable and lovable characters.A couple years back, I found out Daedalic had the answer to my search. This wonderful point and click game I fell in love with is not Randal's Monday. I'm talking about theDeponia trilogy(+ sequel, now!).Randal's Monday lacks everything that make Deponia so fun to play. From the very beginning, Deponia puts you in a tutorial filled with meta humor ""HAH, LIKE I NEED A TUTORIAL!... what am I supposed to do exactly?"" that let's you get the gist of of the controls work. RM asks you how you want your commands set, then sets you free to watch a video with mumbled audio and no subtitles, then an awfully animated 10 minutes long sequence of people drinking at a bar spewing barely interesting lines that remind me of the level of writing and acting of the Big Bang Theory. All interrupted by unskippable animations of the characters gulping beer with loud as ♥♥♥♥ GULP sound effects (the same for every character). Meanwhile, every voiceline is delivered with a caricature of emotivity and passion that strides terribly with the fixed expression of everyone in the scene. The comicity in this part of the game revolves around puking from drinking too much beer, the friend being a geek, and Randal being... just mediocre.By this time, in Deponia, you had already solved your first puzzle, and watched yourself fail to get to your objective in a spectacular failure that makes you love both Rudolf -the protagonist-, the setting, the animations, the secondary characters. RM sets you free to roam in a bar you can't do anything in except for a brief cringey dialogue, and kiks you out to watch yet another boring dialogue with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations, before the game finally ""begins"", giving you ANOTHER 10 MINUTES DIALOGUE about big surprise: another chiché:the landlord angry about the late rent money.Randal's monday reminds me of Johnny Rocketfingers, a flash game I played years ago, which had a similar structure, but was extremely better written. It feels cheap and rushed in every single aspect, from the drawings to the animations, from the dialogues, to the pop references. The game sounds are terrible, from loud steps and gulps and BINGS when your mouse cursor hovers elements in the menu. The soundtrack seems mostly ok, even though it seems taken from a compilation of royalty free generic music.In sum, if you want to play a funny, well made, deep, smart point and click adventure that you will carry in your heart for years to come, go and playDeponia. They even put all 3 chapters in a single very reasonably priced package. And the sequel is pretty good, too, even though it's still pretty expensive."
,Recommended,314810,33759944,Posted: 23 July,all,zus.yar,"I would probably buy this game for the soundtrack alone. Man, does it rock :)"
,Not Recommended,314810,17857370,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sin,"From a lover of adventure games, going way back to the original Monkey Island and Indiana Jones games, this game is a little rough.  The Dialog is boring most of the time and i skipped most of it, which i really hate doing.Jay and Silent Bob are in this game, Jason Mewes actually voices Jay, but he's only in it for very very brief periods and it's not funny.  The game was a little funnier when i turned off the subtitles, but for the most part it was dull.The voice audio is all over the place too, a lot of the voices have the wrong volumes, sometimes overly loud and barely noticable in the same room but the same actor.Lots of great references to old school games and nerd culture, but cant recommend the game just based on that."
76561198066971781,Not Recommended,314810,16832120,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,Its just not funny.I picked this up because its Randal from Clerks in a neat little point and click game.  alas While the game controls fine and looks alright its just not funny.  I don't know if its a lack of a straight man like Dante to feed off of but Randal lacks the insightful humor of the movies and is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥  So yeah the writing isn't great and while Randal is voiced by Jeff Anderson his delivery seems lacking.The game play is fine though it has the classic trope of trying to figure out what the designers thinking but for the game to work it need to be funny and its just not.
,Not Recommended,314810,25919851,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,¦♥¦BANANAS バナナ¦♥¦,SO.MANY.BUGS
,Recommended,314810,14497523,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sergeant Moderately Displeased,"I walked into this game hoping for some Clerks voice acting. Following Jeff Anderson and Jason Mewes, I was reallly hoping for more. I've come to find:+Grudgy style humor+-Extensive conversation (You don't make something funnier by pounding words)+Suprises around each corner+Slapbox comedyI've clocked less than an hour in so far, clearly showing that I am fully knowledable.In actuallity this is a point and click adventure, with personality. If you are into that sort of thing, you may enjoy this.Yep."
,Not Recommended,314810,15341288,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tim Drake,"I love Kevin Smith, and the fact that Jay and Silent Bob would be in a game sounded like fun.  I love the old Lucas arts point and click games.  This game was supposed to be like that.  It's not.  Randal and everything in this game moves way to slow for me.  The game is not really challenging.  Silent Bob is not voiced by Kevin Smith. Randal is not Randal from clerks.  His name is from both the main characters of clerks Randal Graves, and Dante Hicks = Randal Hicks.  There is no replay value to this game unless you are just a fan of achievements.  The only thing about this game that is any good is the pop culture references throughout the game itself.  This alone is not worthy enough to shell out any more than $5 dollars for this game.  I had to force myself through it just to finish it."
,Not Recommended,314810,12990909,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Shirsh,"if you not an fan of Smith, avoid this gameas fan of good point'n'click games I'd say:lame, dull, slow, very poor and slow voice acting, tasteless referencesdon't be misguided by Daedalic publishing or ""Deponia"" at the same games area: sadly, gameplay of ""Randal's Monday"" nothing near Deponia or any golden-era quest-gameP.S. if you ever want to make some point'n'click game yourself, remember: never make interior full of decorative clickable objects if you are not ready to write at least different (if not fun) reaction to every one. Boredom as challenge could be bad for your game."
76561198063766227,Not Recommended,314810,16775166,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,anja.wassermann,"Es tut mir wirklich leid das mal sagen zu müssen. Kann ich nicht wirklich empfehlen. Bisher mochte ich alle Spiele von Deadalic Enterainment, aber das hier.Es ist ein super witziges Spiel, aber es wirkt gezwungen, die Macher haben versucht soviele Anspielungen wie möglich reinzustecken, aber es ist fast schon zuviel, weil das Game an sich keine wirklich gute Story hat.Die idee ist klasse aber die Umsetzung ist irgendwie...naja.Die Rumkombiniererei die bei point and click ein muss ist, die normalerweiße auch Spaß macht, wird hier zur richtigen Qual. Also: sagen wir ich möchte Gegenstand A mit B kombinieren. Danach sind beide weg und ich muss A nochmal mit der Maus aufnehmen um ihn mit C zu kombinieren. Genauso ist es mit der Umgebung.Die Rätsel sollen wohl auf einfacherer Logik basieren. Keine Ahnung, vielleicht bin ich zu dumm oder so, aber normalerweiße hänge ich nicht bei Adventure soviel fest.Also, obwohl ich die Story witzig fand, die idee prima ist, die Anspielungen mir sehr gefallen haben, kann ich es nicht empfehlen, da dass spielen mir keinen Spaß gemacht hat.6/10 Punkten."
76561197981756912,Recommended,314810,18252592,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[SNIDDS] Not Sure,"So funny. That much quotes, relations and hints of movies and games. Love it. Nerdy :D"
,Recommended,314810,21208225,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,abatage,If you like the Clerks / View Askew universe and trditional point and clickers - this is rad.They actually got Jeff Anderson to voice Randal.Jason Mewes pops up as well.Jeff Anderson.This is the best Jeff Anderson voiced game I have ever played.It's brilliant.
76561198040294662,Recommended,314810,17784352,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Filzbiber,"I'm only 6hours in but I think that's enough to judge this game.The game itself is mediocre. It doesn't have the same high standards as Daedelic produced games like ""Edna & Harvey"" or ""Deponia"". But I like the jokes and all the references to pop culture.If you're a fan of Clerks or are just easily delighted by pop culture references get this game. If you're looking for a REALLY good point&click adventure go look somewhere else.EDIT: After having played through the whole game I think I'd have to add that's it's a bit sexist (female characters are all dumb and/or unsympathetic) but I guess that goes for many otherwise good video games."
,Recommended,314810,22015216,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,"Despite some mean spirited jokes mixed in there aimed at the usual targets (about five or so), probably one of the funniest point and clicks I've ever played. The character designs and pitch sell what sounds like heavily condensed Family Guy garbage, but the actual script is strong, throwing out tons of jokes constantly, mixing in references with witty quip and absurd situations, and just enough meta gags to be funny without becoming tiring. And the final episode, absolutely fantastic.If you're trans, do note there's one rather bad joke around the sixth episode's start. After you pass it, you should be fine from there."
,Recommended,314810,34970339,Posted: 15 September,all,VA.CAPONE,(BEFORE YOU SAY ANYTHING) .get wasted then play this game .you will thank me later for it.
,Recommended,314810,28030152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kill_La_Kill,Cool addictive game and nice candid scenes
76561198052079535,Not Recommended,314810,17752133,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,m95pan,"So-so game. Had some fun moments and overall story was interesting, but there were some off-putting plot holes and puzzle inconsistencies. In the end I had a lacking experience and I wish I had done something better with my time. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,314810,17967609,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,John Wick,"idk man, gets bored after day 3, i guess i m♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with this game."
76561198064153655,Not Recommended,314810,17869271,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,KarliN,"Most terrible game I've ever played. Everything was disturbing and on top of that it was boring so I had really tough time focusing on the story until the end. Almost every riddles were illogical so you had to see the hint but when you do you are marked as a chicken.+) Good art work. Except the facial expressions. It was unbearably dull and tiring.-) Ridiculously long boring, pathetic, geeky dialogues.-) Pathetic personalities of characters. Especially the voice, intonation, and facial expressions.-) Almost every riddles are illogical, even the hint says ""no one tells you."" and yet the price of hints are getting marked as 'chicken'.-) What good is a riddle if you can't solve it for it's illogicality. What good is a riddle if you can't feel any accomplishment when you found the answer.-) Having to select the most pathetic and delusiional choices during the dialogues was like torture."
,Not Recommended,314810,34400138,Posted: 21 August,all,zacharyzane,Game is just all around horrible.
76561197978525032,Not Recommended,314810,19570770,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Catfo0od,"major fan of Clerks, Jay&Silent Bob, Dogma, and basically all of that stuff. but this game is seriously just like having a bad monday over and over again. all you gotta do is click on everything and wince your way through sub-par and annoying dialogue. if anything Randal is to Randal-ey than the real Randal. so much potential."
76561198130886631,Not Recommended,314810,23038542,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DarkEvangel,"Hey man, it was on sale. Couldn't exactly pass up something that cheap right?Wrong.As expected from a Daedalic game, solving and getting to do stuff was tedious and took too much brain-time for a ""simple short point-and-click story."" The creators could have added more animations to make the design more impressive and the dialogue more direct. However, I believe they were going for the sitcom kind of story so it worked half and half in my point of view.The positives? The VAs did their job well and the story was just okay. Not great, not rubbish, but borderline okay. Not a good buy though generally."
76561198094805548,Not Recommended,314810,15289048,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,nightdweller,"Dissapointing game.The makers of this game got so carried away with their attemptst to add gaming references that they gorgot about writing an actual story.The dialogs are long and pointless. The voice acting leaves a lot to be desired (that is,  if the voices has anything of value to say)Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. there are many better adventure games our there. Some by the same publisher."
,Not Recommended,314810,16738756,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,alison,"I'm done trying to figure the puzzles in this game out. This should be my favorite adventure game ever. It has tons of pop culture references and the hopeless drunks who make up the main characters remind me of myself and my friends at various points in my life. The jokes do try a bit too hard, but they're good for a casual smile. Unfortunately, the puzzles are completely opaque and pretty much impossible to figure out without a walkthrough. Sadly the only site with a text walkthrough is so full of popups and bugs that it doesn't even open on my phone so i can look it up while i am playing, and hell if i'm going to waste my time watching a YouTube walkthrough (what's the point of playing the game then?) So, screw it. I've been playing adventure games since they didn't have any graphics at all, and although the puzzles in those text adventures were pretty woeful, back then they were the only option you had. Nowadays spending hours randomly combining everything with everything is just poor design. Daedelic have done much better.Where's my German review for this one? Scheiß drauf, spiel ma wieder Deponia."
,Not Recommended,314810,17824296,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Snicker,"Randal's Monday is not the most playable of point-and-click adventures.  Attempting to capitalize on nerd culture by overloading the game with every possible pop culture geek reference isn't enough to make up for poor game design, bad acting and terrible sound quality..The basic plot is interesting enough: jerkwad main character (named after the two main characters in Clerks, and voiced by one of the actors of those characters) steals his best friend's engagement ring during a night of drunken debauchery, then pawns it the next day to pay his rent.  That's when things take a turn for the terrible - he loses his job, his best friend commits suicide, and the prophetic bum in the alley keeps telling him how cursed he is.  Well, with a name like Randal Hicks, what'd you expect?Like any other point and click, most of this game is just a matter of matching the right inventory object to the scenario.  Unfortunately, some of these connections are tenuous at best, and more often completely inconceivable.  Relying on the hint system becomes practically a necessity to avoid insanity - and even THEN, the hint system misses some important steps, leading to frustration over missing one tiny item in a place you were sure you'd searched thoroughly before.From the very beginning of the game, it's obvious that the actors weren't even in the same room when recording the script:  dialogue sounds stilted and volume and tone is often mismatched.  Frequently, the responses don't even seem to follow what the original character was even saying, leading to a lot of confusion while trying to follow the story.  While it makes sense for the characters to talk and act incoherently in the first scene (the ""let's get drunk at the bar"" wedding shower), there's no real excuse for it after that.  Sadly, their acting never lives up to the potential of the game, and certainly doesn't match up to the semi-star-caliber cast (Jeff Anderson (""Randal Hicks"" who played Randal Graves in Clerks), Jason Mewes (Jay in both this game and Clerks), two voice actors from Thomas the Tank Engine, etc,)Sound quality also suffered - often changing volume in mid scene, making it hard to hear the characters, or making it suddenly loud.  Unacceptable in a game of this simplistic a design.  Fire that sound guy immediately!The soundtrack is actually really good, and if you're just in it for the geek references, well, this is so full as to render the rest of the game irrelevant.I'm normally a lot more forgiving about video games, but when there's this much wrong with it, it becomes a complete disappointment.  I got it on sale for $5, but still wish I had waited.   Save your money, or buy some TellTale games instead."
76561198065046595,Not Recommended,314810,17950100,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Landis,"Short synopsis of game:Randal travels the subway, from one end of town to the other, day in and day out solving illogicialy logigical puzzles."
76561198043988041,Not Recommended,314810,16882015,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Pseudoactive,"Do not be fooled by the previews for this game.  It is not exciting.Perhaps I just do not have the patience, but after over 2 hours of ""gameplay"" consisting of easily the DULLEST DIALOGUE I have EVER ENCOUNTED outside of grade school and the EASIEST ""PUZZLES"" that even a five year old would argue weren't really puzzles... I decided to no longer waste my time.To make matters worse, this game reeks of this ""wannabe"" feel that I can't decide was intended to come off as homages to older point and click adventures or pretentious references.  Regardless of intent, the references to Monkey Island and other games are shoehorned in and incredibly unimportant and cheesy.The funniest part is how much this game markets its main character, Randall.  Oh, he's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, alright!  The most boring kind!  Not only is he unlikable- which every protaganist eveer, even Archer, should NOT be- but he's also incredibly lame!  He's not much of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, just a lazy, selfish, boring one.  You know, the kind you'd NEVER WANT TO WRITE A GAME ABOUT.  There is not a thing that is interesting about him and definitely nothing that makes me want to relate to or like anything about him.Do not waste your time and money on this game unless your friend insists it gets way better after the first few hours or something.  It was clearly not winding up for anything exciting where I was in the game and I'm not a slow player.  I'd progressed through the game quite fast."
76561197969251333,Not Recommended,314810,13686119,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ayciel,"The story was fun, but the puzzles don't make any sense."
76561198044287902,Not Recommended,314810,22275714,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ZatchZ,"1/10This was the most annoying game that I've ever played. As you can see in the previews, Randal's Monday tend to have a lot of content referencing Sci-Fi and popular games. It was charming at first, then it got extremely annoying. All of its content and its story are just references! That's it! There is no meat to these things and the puzzles are ludicrously hard because of the lack of logic required to play the game. I have killed hundreds of kitties trying to progress to the next part of the story, only to learn that I still have a butt ton of boring stuff left. The only redeeming quality of this game is how gorey it is or how interesting the plot device is in this story, the ring that is.But aside from that, unless you won't get tired from the countless sci-fi references that you never thought got old, don't play this game. Hell, even if you don't get the references, don't play this game, because it'll feel like it's laughing at you rather than with you."
76561198104650816,Not Recommended,314810,14377456,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lunar-Flare,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and its a wast of money, buy this and prepare for rage."
76561197977683471,Not Recommended,314810,13491150,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zardoz,"The Quests are not very logical. At least you have a perfect Hint system, so you won't be stuck. The Story is cool, though."
76561198046068842,Recommended,314810,22274727,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DocDumpling,"Game is ok, worth playing when discounted (not worth 20 quid though). Drawn pretty well, with an interesting story. Unfortunately its drags on a bit and the converstations are also quite long and not as funny. Puzzles can be quite illogical. 5 out of 5"
76561198084200047,Not Recommended,314810,17257716,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Electrolite Mike,I LOVE THIS GAME!I love all the refrences and the puzzles.the only problem is that my game glitched  in the prizon day and now i cant progress and i don't want to start ALL THE WAY OVER! i will update if they put in a button to start over the day.
,Not Recommended,314810,29022626,Posted: 4 January,all,Hor1z0n,Couldn't be more ♥♥♥♥ing boring
,Not Recommended,314810,13041984,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Spire,"Being a huge fan of the Daedalic Entertainment games, and haivng spent many hours playing the Deponia titles, I must say this game was a major disappointment.  It's unecessarily vulgar, and the you spend more time trudging through conversations than actually enjoying a good point and click adventure.  At times, you can enjoy parts of thepuzzle solving; the rest is just listening to vulgar dialog.Wish I had taken the negative reviews to more sincerity, because this game just doesn't cut it as a good point and click adventure."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,314810,13525758,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"I thought i would enjoy this game but it's full of non-sense puzzles that you can't figure by yourself naturally.Also, the storyline is also kind of boring sometimes, not gripping i would say.The good side is that it can gives you a long play time."
,Recommended,314810,23029230,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,geekfreek619,Funny and fun if you know your references.
,Recommended,314810,19634801,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,blup,F U N
,Recommended,314810,18907590,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tafara12,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monday
76561197960986989,Not Recommended,314810,28159771,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,unknown,A story and a main character I can't sympathize with.
76561197970695202,Recommended,314810,12922597,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,dhark01,Very funny game. A lot of quotes from old tv series and games ;-)
,Recommended,314810,17756686,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Voodooman,Buy it right now whilte its very cheat until 31 aug! Thats the geekiest game ever! XD
76561198089084489,Not Recommended,314810,12932499,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,MagicalMagicness,"game sucks.UHHHH OK! you want details, here they are. The game has way to much dialogue, and not only that its really bad and boring dialogue. You have to choose from a bunch of options of what to say and if its not the one the game wants you get to pick all the rest of the options and listen to more completely usless dialogue. The jokes are extremely lame and bad, the voice acting is even worse. the few times you get to actually play in the game are shorted lived, and the puzzles or situations you have to solve are terribly stupid. I played the game some more, it gets worse. Enjoy this crap sandwich of a game, waste $22.49 on it if you want. P.S. Jay and Silent Bob are homos with each other."
76561197990978121,Recommended,314810,17040368,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,"There are awesome jokes and the story is good, but the puzzles are unrelatable and unsolveable sometimes."
,Recommended,314810,18083434,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"Randal's Monday is another enjoyable point & click published by the genre masters, Daedalic. The game is filled with video game and movie culture references, they are everywhere. One chapter is even dedicated to The Shawshank Redemption.+ A fun, groundhog's day adventure game.+ So many game and movie references.+ Neat story.- Randal's personality doesn't sit well with me. It made playing as him less enjoyable.Playtime: 15h7/10"
,Recommended,314810,16855083,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,romey1son,the best sound track and pretty  good story too 8/10
76561198079774395,Recommended,314810,17892624,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,lovelyzero,"This is one of those games where the puzzels are enough to make you want to pull your hair out. I will say that the characters are enjoyable and seeing what kind of crazy each day (chapter) of the game brought was enough to drive me forward. It takes a good bit of time to play and I am glad I played it, but I also will probably never play it a second time. I suggest waiting for it to be on sale if you are going to buy it. Also you should really understand that Randal Hicks is from Clerks and Clerks 2 or a lot of the humor will be lost on you. Don't expect this to be like other Daedalic games."
76561198083709811,Recommended,314810,17872667,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,voKx666,This was a fun game. Very engaging. It was quite enjoyable playing as someone who really doesn't have any kind of filter. Reminded me of some old school pc games.
,Recommended,314810,16465254,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"I saw Clerks once, too."
76561198194167174,Recommended,314810,18927787,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mogiewon,"Awesome game, I enjoyed it a lot. Great humor and lots of nostalgic references made me laugh a lot.The dialog I thought was great. Sometimes it became long, but you can skip most of it if you want.Sometimes the ""puzzles"" were kind of derpy to me, but they were nice enough to include a hint section if you need it.The characters in the game I thought were awesome. Lots of different people to interact with. I had fun clicking on all the dialog options and listening to the banter. The main character sometimes got on my nerves, but overall it was great.Minor bugginess did occur. One time I had a characters voice being portraid from another characters mouth, which was really funny, and little things like a mouth or eyes disappearing during dialog. Nothing major or game breaking.The inventory was a little funky. If I could rearrange items that would have solved most of my issues. Trial and error of combining items on different pages was kind of a pain, but only mild to me.Good music.Interface was easy to use with the classic two click mode.Overall I liked this game enough to type words and give it a thumbs up. If they made a sequel I would buy it."
76561197987053704,Recommended,314810,18593976,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Crater Creator,"TL;DR: great characters and humor, with occasionally flawed puzzle designRandall Hicks is the perfect character to star in a modern point-and-click adventure.  This self-serving young everyman is part Marty McFly and part Philip J. Fry, and the game's writers would give a knowing nod if they heard those references.  All the sci fi pop culture humor works for two reasons.  First,  it's not 'inside jokes' only hardcore nerds will get, and second, the game doesn't make the references, by themselves, into punchlines.So the writing, characters, and dialogue are great.  The gameplay, however, suffers from some unintuitive puzzles.  For example...*SPOILER*You acquire a dried out marker, and you need to get it working again.  So my first thought is, get it wet.  There are multiple water sources, and they're 'real' interactive objects used in other puzzles.  But nope, they don't work for the marker.  So my second thought is, it needs more of a solvent, like alcohol.  There's a bar you can enter, and you can get the bartender to give you drinks!  Does that work?  Nope!  But is alcohol at least the right liquid?  Yep!I'm stumped - I can't form any other logical connections.  What's the solution?  Go to your friend's apartment (but only the second time you go there).  Go into his kitchen, and look for a mug.  Not a beer mug, but a coffee mug.  And not that mug, that's just noninteractive scenery.  Click on the other, identical-looking mug.  That one's interactive, and it has lefterover booze in it you can use to reconstitute the marker.I don't know what the designers were thinking on that one.  There's no 'hook' to use the player's reasoning skills.  Thankfully, there's a built-in hint system, and it's apparently enough for people since nobody's written a full walkthrough."
76561198166696299,Recommended,314810,13280141,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,euphoria9266,"Stuck in the story, fun conversations and  awesome voice acting with Jeff Anderson starring Randal. Appealing cantoonish style and puzzles a bit too difficult and long but always funny. Loving this game.A must for all the classic adventure games."
76561198006657755,Recommended,314810,14022243,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jackyboy,"If you liked the Deponia trilogy, you will love Randal's Monday.Both these games are very close in style and humor. The main difference? This one is packed full with references and fanservice. Not a single screen goes by without giving you a whole bunch of easter eggs. No absurd idea goes unrewarded with at least a good joke.Randal just slightly less despicable then Rufus, whom I miss very much, but a pretty fun character on his own.The rest of the cast is not always as brilliant, but there are some very good laughs to be had.Story wise I won't spoil anything. Suffice to say that the plot is more then good enough to keep you invested from start to finish.Note: just like Deponia the German version of the game has far superior voice actors. Much like Deponia, play it with subs du Faulpilz."
76561198104199977,Recommended,314810,19402313,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DeivChoi,"Meh. I think it is too hard for what it offers, maybe they could make a way to just enjoy the story without having to do a lot of effort to solve the puzzles"
,Recommended,314810,19403136,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Warlock Beta,A good comedy run.  Lots of twists happen throughout.The voice acting's also pretty good.
,Recommended,314810,21138132,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Martowski Dimitri,"After spending 20 hours ~ I have mixed feeling about this game. Its a good game with funny and  hilarious dialogue, it made me laugh so much from playing this, althrough its a bit too difficult with the puzzle from time to time. Its a great story from start to end and I would recommend this game :)"
,Recommended,314810,25413767,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Jackie,"The most appealing thing in this game for me are those awesome pop culture references. If you're a geek, this will be incredibly fun. Also, this game's sense of humour makes your time totally worth it.Lip sync and expressions are not that great, that's a fact, but it doesn't get that repetitive reliving the ""same monday"" everytime given the fact that each monday gets crazier and crazier.I really, really recommend it."
,Recommended,314810,25477033,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkuLLiveR,Randal is a♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 Would make Randal put his hand in a toilet full of puke again.
76561198117629028,Recommended,314810,24487048,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,thedaddyggh,"For anyone that's a fan of Kevin Smith style characters and off-the-wall adventure game narratives, this will be a total treat for you.  The game is both challenging and funny thanks to the fantastic voice over work of the highly underrated Jeff Anderson et al.  Anderson is the glue that hold sthe whole game together and deserves a lot of props for his exemplary voice work in this funny, engaging title.  Great stuff!"
76561198253930404,Recommended,314810,34192648,Posted: 12 August,all,becoz2,"Good game overall.Has an high amount of references to games, movies and TV shows, where it catches charisma. Some really good jokes with a lot of sarcasm, mediocre puzzles and characters with personality. Some bugs appeared for me, but those were really small and not game breaking at all. The end is a bit unsatisfying in my opinion, felt like it was rushed and unsurprising. Everything but the end is pretty good made in my opinion.Can give a 8/10 for this game. Did not regret the buy, but would've wished for a bit more tension in the end to round it up as a REALLY good game."
,Recommended,314810,34784827,Posted: 6 September,all,TopKeK,"This game is stupid fun! I mean that in the most loving way possible. I went searching for something DiscWorld'esque  or Monkey Island'ish or, be still my beating heart, Willy Beamish-like; and I found this game. I got it in a promotional bundle so I get to play a few other games from the same author. I can already tell I'm going to be gifting this to a few people as well, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amaz-ballz!There are countless pop culture references, ample amounts of suicide and the background music is quickly becoming preferred over the Jeopordy thinking music for tough life decisions.If you are craving something both nostalgic and new then this is your drug you ♥♥♥♥ing heroin junkie."
,Not Recommended,314810,35468085,Posted: 4 October,all,wxarmstrong,"90% horrible pop culture ""jokes""HE LITERALLY SAYS BAZINGA"
