user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,314830,14118880,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Let me start by saying that a turn based combat game has never looked so good, the presentation, the art, the voice overs, the whole general design is really top stuff.So why the down vote?Firstly the same as the first one, these guys have learned nothing at all from the first game, the balance is horendous, really dire. You could start with say 5 on your side, but the enemy could start with say double that, and they keep respawning, calling reinforcments as well as the scripted stuff during the fight, it just becomes anoying that you may actually sit there swearing at your monitor, and this is on easy mode too, so much for easy mode huh.You dont really have much freedom in the combat too, with only one right way to finish it really, as for now being able to choose who starts where, this is pathetic, you can only really place them where you would start anyways...like wtf?Parts of the game is even in german still???Finally, bugs, game breaking bugs, after playing for a good few hours the game will lock up during combat, probably as it spawns so many enemys it gets confused, or the game will go limbo on you waiting for someone to take there turn but they never do.Word of warning, these lockups can not be sorted with ctrl alt delete, the only way to get rid of it is to hard reset your pc.Such a shame i love the characters etc in this game, really want to love it, really wanted it to go on and on but with the same problems as the first, then you just got to avoid this game.If they can make a balance sweep on it , if just for easy mode, and fix the damn game breaking bugs (there are more) then it would be my top TBC game, thats how close they are, but as i said, avoid it as balance is a issue, but you will end up with the game crashing etc at same point and not even being able to play further.Edit:I have just retried the game, i get so many bugs it is a joke.No matter what save i load i will get one of the following:1 The game will freeze up2 The game waits for a character to move who doesnt3 A new bug just now, it was waiting fo rme to move Takate, who was not even in the party!For love of all things, avoid this pile of poop."
76561197998202075,Not Recommended,314830,17252384,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,webwalker2000,"I liked the game when I started it. Huge map with 33 locations, interesting story of revenge and madness and mysterious powers. Lots of sets of items which could be combined (armour sets etc), poisons, traps, potions, you name it...And it kept me hungry for more. Elaborate Spell and Skill trees, lots of options to develop the characters and then...It's suddenly over! Out of the 33 locations on the map only 20 can be reached. the rest is decoration (not even DLC on the horizon to visit these places and continue the story) The whole item and skill system is oversized for the pretty straight forward story of revenge. I never got to try most of the poisons and traps and spells. The story just comes to a hasty end.From my point of view: A lot of effort went into the  design the platform for this game but halfway through it, the prorgammers realized that creating the scenarios was time consuming and was also delaying the final release date so they made a few shortcuts, dropped drastically the number of scenarios and just aimed at completing the story cycle to publish the game.And it's not a bad game! Despite being disappointed I would still buy addittional DLC if it provided the option to further develop the characters, have a new story and explore new locations.."
,Not Recommended,314830,14093072,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Darkened,"This game is actually pretty cool. However, it's so buggy it might as well be a alpha / beta version. I'm requesting my money back because this is released as an official release and in less than two hours I've experienced numerous glitches and bugs that require you to load previous saves and do your quest again because it won't progress. And I'm only on the second quest.. WTF..........These game developers need to get their stuff in line, you can't just release half finished games, did you guys even test this game before you released it?! It's just aggervating. I understand that teh game was just released today, but come on, I can't get progress past the second quest with the dwarf guy because the people literally just stand there after completing the quest and the next screen never triggers. I've completed the quest twice now and it's the same thing. I haven't even gotten tot eh world map.. seriously, get your crap together!"
,Recommended,314830,14137484,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Enfys Ellezard,"Blackguards 2 is a more combat-focus version of Blackguards 1.While BG 1 was an RNG fest, BG2 removed so many of the annoying RNG and made strategical plays and puzzle stages a lot more common. Boss fights have you running around trying to abuse the stage hazard to the fullest to win. Certain stages will force you to complete objectives and leave or face infinite spawns unlike the old one where you can kill EVERYTHING except for one stage where you run away from the poison.Outside of combat, you can now interact with characters more unlike the old one. You can capture prisoners, and interrogate them. Based on a choice, you can either make them spill the beans or spit at you. The informations required to make them answer can be obtained by paying for information from your beggar spies or by speaking around in your camp. After the interrogation, you can decide whether to hang them or let them go. Letting them go can be good but sometime, a certain person might come back to fight you again.The customization has been greatly simplified. You no longer have the Strength, Charisma, etc from BG1. Instead, you just go with ""+10 health"" ""+10 mana"" ""unlock tier 1 passive"" in a straight line. Weapon level goes froml 1 - 100 and you unlock tier bonus at 50 80 100. While this means no weight limit from the removal of STR (Yes! No more weight issue!), it means much less customization. Even your mages will have as much hp as a fighter at the end making them unkillable.And with that, let's move on to the balancing.Endurance has been introduced. In BG1, all you had to do was buff someone and spam that 3x damage move like Hammer blow or Triple shot. You can't anymore. Endurance works like Astral point. When you use a combat skill, you use 10-20 points from you 40-80 endurance pool based on your stat. You regenerate a certain amount each turn based on passive (Endurance Regeneration) and gear bonus.You can now have 100% hit rate. So much yes! If your offence (Hit rate) is high enough now to deal with their defense, you will always hit. Dodge and parry is one once per turn so sniping someone with a weak arrow first will move your hit rate on any further hit from 75% to 100% on the next one. Bow is a special case and its offense is reduced by range. You can easily check if you can hit people with bow now by simply holding X and moving around. It will show everything in range, the base hit rate and if the enemies are within the Line of Sight or not. Extremely useful and needed feature.Damage is now consistent. Assuming no armor, if it says 6 damage, it will always deal 6 damage. Skills like ""Hammer blow"" was nerfed from *3 damage to +10 damage.Most poison now lasts the entire fight and there are ""Buff potions"" around as well now.And if you have nothing to do with your belt slot, they introduced the ""Trinket"" items that will boost your status while you are holding. Higher crit rate, damage or regeneration. All up to you!You can place your characters starting location at the start of the battle now!You can place traps in defensive stages when the enemies decide to attack your base (For every 3-4 conquers, they will attack once)This should cover most of the new features. Now we will move on to the last part. The pro and con of this games.Pro-You now control an army. While everything was nerfed. this is because most combat now have you control 6-10 characters fighting against 6-15 characters as well. Before, you would just control one person with buff + Fast as lightning and tripleshot everything to death.-Less RNG. More strategical plays and planning required to beat the game.-Great dialogue just like BG1.-Set bonus! Yes! no more ""Just armor rating +1 and encumbrance reduction"" now. You actually get stats from wearing a certain set!-Your action now decide how good your characters will be and if they will be alive at the end or not. If you want, for the laugh of it, you can even order to execute your friends at the end before reloading a save after seeing their reactions.Con-Horribly unbalance. In BG1, all you do is abuse the same damaging weapon move like Triple shot or Hammer blow with buffs and fast as lightning to kill EVERYTHING. In BG2, with the damaging spell buffs and set items, mages are the most op beings ever in an army vs army fight. All you have to do is spam the same AoE spell to destroy everything in 3 - 4 turns assuming it's a ""Kill everything"" stage.-Defensive battle doesn't give AP. The fight is already having you fight with gimped characters.-Certain stage is horribly tedious, even more tedious than the last one. Infinite spawn happens every 2-3 stages and you have to do the ""Rush in, Rush out"" kind of gameplay. It's not fun because after you move all your 8 characters to the end of the stage, you also have to wait for the other 10 characters on the enemies side to move. You end up spending 10-15 minutes on this stage just waiting for everything to move. If only they would tone these down and give us a way to stop the spawning.-Very buggy. Still playable though.-There's only stage with the Lizard-chan throughout the whole game. WTF?Final Verdict : 7/10.Blackguards 2 feel like a DLC content with improved mechanic because that's exactly what it is, but we also have to remember it's being sold at a DLC price as well. Also, NEED MORE ACHAZ FFS."
76561198161373051,Recommended,314830,16285738,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,She Obliterated,"A+Absolutely fantastic game, much better than the first (and I loved the first). Changes to the talent system made sense and only served to streamline gameplay. Cassia is a wonderful character. Whomever came up with her should get paid twice.Good gameplay! Your strategic decisions matter, but not so much that you can't save a tactic going wrong. I think it's a bit harder than the first, but I keep coming back to this one.One major complaint: Activating a map with 40 enemies on it and then forcing a player to sit through each of their turns to get to their 2 minutes of gameplay is not fun. Rare, but annoying."
,Recommended,314830,29353960,Posted: 19 January,all,Pointnclickster,"When I played the first Blackguards, I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would. I do not normally play strategy games, and I played Blackguards because it is in the same universe as the point and click adventures, The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav and Memoria. After I had beaten the previously noted titles, I decided it was finallly time to play Blackguards 2...and I absolutely loved it.Bear in mind that I am not an experienced strategist. However, I loved this game. The only thing I can compare it to is the first Blackguards game and I find it a step up all around. Instead of leveling up, you gain AP points and you spend them on different skill trees. I find the skill trees much simpler to use in Blackguards 2. You also see the results very quickly when you learn new abilities. There are many ways to distribute points in weapon ability, spells, and unique ablilities and attributes that you can make any kind of character you want. For example, my Cassia is a dual wielder of swords and daggers but she can cripple enemies with her spells and be dangerous in close range battle. I guess that would make her a kind of battle mage....I found that my characters could be anything I wanted them to be, and that made the game really fun for me.Now the story and the main character. In Blackguards 1, you create a hero from scratch. In Blackguards 2, you play Cassia - a compelling and determined young heroine.....who is being driven by revenge and madness...mostly madness due to betrayal and  she has been poisoned by spiders. She is a fascinating protagonist who you can turn into literally anything. Also, your actions throughout the story with her companions will shape what kind of campaign you will have and what kind of ruler you will become. Be careful, because your actions can cost you more than your sanity...it can cost you those that are closest to you. In the game, Cassia finds herself betrayed by her husband and thrown into a dungeon, where she is left to rot. Cassia's husband has siezed power over all the lands and believes that his wife is out of the way. What follows is a Kill Bill fantasy story, as you start at one point of the map and slowly widdle down at his defenses until you reach the palace. There are multiple ways to go about the map but in the end you are hoping to reach an end.The game is beautiful. The soundtrack fits the atmosphere and the battles. I found the combat to be very smooth. I like TBS because it gives me time to plan, and this game has wonderful set pieces in which the battles take place.The ending is what you make it to be so you only have yourself to congratulate or blame. There is definite replay value since missions, side quests, interrogations can all be done in different ways. The final battle can be done in different ways. While I am happy with the ending that I got, I know I will be going back for a darker story.Personally, I really enjoyed this game. If you are someone who doesn't normally jump into the strategy genre I definitely recommend this one. It has great strategy, a compelling story, and it is an accomplishment to finish. I don't plan on launching into more of this kind of fantasy strategy because I just love The Dark Eye universe."
76561198023344725,Recommended,314830,18276358,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kharga Khan,"Hello everyone!Just finished this game! If I tell you that it was interesting, I'll tell nothing! Because it is really amazing game! I remember not so many games when second  part is not worse that the first, but here I cannot decide which one is better!Comparing with 1st part:1) the bugs were fixed!!! in the first game when you walk between location the game bugged very often. It was really awful!  Now, ""Blackguards 2"" run much smoother than the first part;2) the classes of mage, archer and warrior were reworked. If in the first part there was no sense to make an archer (the size of battle locations. You can effectively shoot one or two times), in the second part it really works! Warriors now have an endurance scale, which works like mana for casters. Now you can't use your special abilities every turn as it was in the first game;3) the atmosphere of the game changed in dark side. It is much more gloomy.I really recommend this game for those who like turn-based battles and adventures. It's really worth it."
,Not Recommended,314830,26696826,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,It's Free Real Estate,"Whoever designed the levels for this is a freaking♥♥♥♥♥♥ An utter baffoon. All levels will be easy as freaking pie, then you'll come across one that is virtually impossible because you don't have the right skills invested to counter that one map. Terrible execution of ideas, it's both too easy and too hard at the same time. It's ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,314830,20515505,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,chezwizard,"I LOVED the first Blackguards game, and was looking forward to this one for a long time.It is NOT the same.First, there are some definite improvements to the way the game plays on a technical level.It is far more clear what you will get for putting points into skills, and the equipment is a little easier to make use of as well.And it starts off soooo promising -- the jilted protagonist, twisted by solitude and lead by fate into a monster-ridden nightmare. Should be amazing.But the game doesn't draw you in the same way the original(BG1) did, and the flow of the story is too disjointed and meandering.Worse still is that the combat is VERY repetitive.In BG1, you could make half your units mages, or refocus everyone to melee -- there was immense versatility, despite very limited choices and a very clunky character sheet.In this game, you mostly fight using NON-MAGICAL generic units, and the battles don't really weave into the plot much.They just seem to be ""fight the stuff to move forward"" and it just gets boring quick.Unless you REALLY like the big fights with generic units, just play the first one and hope the next brings together what is good about BG 1&2."
,Not Recommended,314830,29288136,Posted: 15 January,all,Whiteswart,"Second volume of the strange turn-based combat RPG title, Blackguards, feels... quite different from the first game. The developers made a huge step from classic role-play game (which, honestly, wasn't the strongest point of the first Blackguards) to the tactical simulator of a lord with numerous mercenaries, conquering the country. You with your army of swordsmen, spearmen and archers, are travelling from one point to another, on the map of Southern Empire. Quite similar to the first game. But now you perform sieges to gain access to every point on the map (along with other bonuses, such as new items in shops and powerups for your men).I liked the story of the first game, even with the fact it was badly performed in so many minor features, that all the impression to the end was just a growing boredom... despite the good writing in the base of it. Well, the new story, written just as well as the first one, has even lower role in the second game, and the game itself is quite short... So, the boredom of later acts of the first game now is very unlikely. And - I repeat that again - it's a good story, if only a little distracting in the very start.As of the main game element, turn-based battles, they are certainly evolved above the first game, in a good way. All the maps now are big, but none of them is so much frustrating, as poisonous cave from the first Blackguards. There are bigger variety of enemies now, thanks to chimerology, and its bosses (so-called Creators), which you need to bend over to make sure you'll win this war. And, as I've mentioned already, numerous nameless fighters on your side, aiding your basic team of adventurers, along with setting traps on the map, and different battle modes (like onslaught, infiltration raid or defence) - all that gives you a good variety of playtime.Does it sounds that the second Blackguards are better than the first game? Oh, well. It's all not worth the comparison, as the first game is a classic RPG with turn-based combat, and the second - is a game of turn-based battles with RPG elements. The Blackguards 2 are smoother in play than the Blackguards 1. It's not loosing the gamer's curiosity after some time, it's more stabile in terms of gaming interest. It's the game which you are really want to finish, to see the outcome.Now, does the Blackguards 2 worth its price? Is it a good game you need to buy? No. Not quite. See, I'm always trying to protect not-AAA projects, and especially I'm fond to turn-based games. Just check my other reviews, and you'll see how tender I am when it comes to such games.But, for a question, is it a good game, I'll have to say it's quite mediocre, like 6/10. The price of Blackguards is higher than its value. Even with the bundles, with discounts... All the good stuff you'll get there, you can get elsewhere. Either the price will be better, or the quality will be higher, or both... So - no, for current price of 35 golds, it's a no go. Yeah, the stability issues, the balance was fixed after the early 2015 (you may see some disappointed people who tried to play it then). But the price is still too high for this product."
76561198088340882,Not Recommended,314830,15092209,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,junebugyolks,"I played the first Blackguards and liked the direction the game was going. In Blackguards 2 they've improved the accuracy of all your characters (meaning your hits won't miss anywhere near as much as they did in the first game), but other than that the improvements cease. The story line is so terrible I have trouble even getting through the game, I was hoping they would work on the story because I thought the first game was also lacking any epic enemies or characters. The character development is lacking, except for the main character who has basically turned into a hypocritical nutjob who is incredibly hard to relate to. You find out more about the characters from the first game and they're not good things, characters I liked previously are hollow shells of their old Blackguards 1 selves. They give you choices in dialog but it barely impacts the game in a way which makes me care what choices I pick. All in all, I want my money back. This game did not improve like I was hoping so I'll likely never buy a Blackguards game again - unless they lower the price - because $35 for this game is way too much for what is offered. I doubt I would pay $10 for this game after knowing how bad it is."
,Recommended,314830,14511997,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Morrandir,"Blackguards 2 is a  TBS/RPG hybrid with a strong focus on the combat maps, where you don't have any actual exploration.First I must say that I'm a TDE fanboy, so I have an initial sympathy for the game.However all in all I was quite disappointed as I expected an improvement of the prequel.Cons:Character building:Compared to the prequel it's a little more streamlined. For example attributes (courage, strength, cleverness etc.) have been removed completely. Makes character building a little more shallow.Companions:Most disappointing thing for me. Your are restricted to the three known companions from the prequel: Naurim (dwarf), Takate (indigenous forest-man) and Zurbaran (human). While it's disappointing that you don't get to know more characters, the bigger problem for me is that having these 3 companions only narrows down the character building options for the main char (Cassia), when you want to cover all possible ""archetypes"" and especially when you want to build the companions according to their native concept. Naurim is the typical melee tank. Takate is more a dex fighter with a spear (dual whield blades would also fit). Zurbaran is a typical mage. While you could easily make anyone of them a ranged fighter, that just wouldn't fit their personality. You even could skill Zurbaran into a melee fighter but as he's the only one of the trio being able to cast magic, you'll lack a full mage. So if you stay true to their native concept and want to have a ranged fighter it more or less is a must to skill Cassia appropriately. And you should skill her magic a little as well (which even is advised in the manual), for having a (second) supporter for healing/buffing. So with these premieses, her building concept sadly is quite predefined.Daedalic could have solved this problem partially by adding a new companion. Best fit would have been a female elf archer: closes the gap of a lacking female companion, the lack of an elven companion and the gap of a ranged fighter companion. Perfect fit would have beenNiam- but unfortunately they decided for her to get killed in the prequel.Collecting gear:A great deal of fun in these games is collecting and equipping your characters with better and better gear. While this works for some of the slots (1-2 armor changes for companions during the game), for other slots/characters you just don't find anything better during the whole game. For example my Naurim always fought with his personal axe. For Cassia (which was an archer in my playthrough) I haven't changed armor once as I haven't found anything better than her initial clothing. Takate's spear I changed only once too.All in all too little occasions for improvements.Combat:The general idea of the combat is still good, though it's a little too easy now (played on normal). One con was the rather monotonous choice of opponents. Iirc there have been way more different opponents in the prequel.Another strange thing where the ""conjuring"" circles and the organs. The mechanics behind it is that if you know a melody for a type of monster you can make the monster fight on your side when you play the organ (object on the map) while a monster of the appropriate type is standing in a circle. But I haven't encountered a single map where this strategy actually made sense. I don't know if I did something wrong. In attacking combats (when your troops attack a settlement) the circles and organs have always been unreachable until the very end of the fight. In defending combat there haven't been any appropriate monsters. So for me this feature was totally superfluous as I haven't used it at all.Story presentation:In the first hours of the game I felt as if I must have missed a cutscene or something. For me the setting with the 5 creator mages and their melodies hasn't been explained at all… I just learned about it incidentally on the way. It always felt as if the main char Cassia knew more about it than me.Defending battles:A new feature are the battles where you have to defend a settlement against Cassia's nemesis Marwan. While this sounded interesting, for me it became dull. In these battles you fight with your mercenaries only, so you can't see your built-up characters in action. Additionally you don't get any reward for winning. No XP, no gold. So when I was attacked (4-5x in total) it was always like ""meh… not again"".Epilogue:When you've won the final battle, you have a ""town screen"" in the throne room, where you can decide upon some characters' faiths. While this is ok, you also have the option to spend your new wealth on buildings for the city (schools etc.) by dialog options. Also you can do some actions (like going for a walk) by dialog options until a certain amount of hours is gone, where each action costs a certain amount of hours. I don't know what this scene of distributing ressources was for, but to me this all was totally useless. Perhaps they want to create a world state you can import into a sequel, but nevertheless this totally felt out of place to me.Pros and conclusion:I've liked the rest of the game quite well although it was a little too easy. It's a nice genre mix and I'm giving bonus points for the TDE setting, so it's a 7/10 for me, thus being on a level with TDE: Demonicon, (vanilla) Shadowrun Returns and Risen 3 on my personal scale. For the prequel I gave 7,5/10, which was on a level with D:OS and Mars: War Logs."
76561198006446300,Not Recommended,314830,15618934,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,W32.Beagle,"Puzzle levels. Is it better than the previous one? Yes. Is it good? No. I'm sure there is a demographic out there that just loves the combination of turn based strategy and puzzle levels, but I'm not that demographic. Running around in circles, flipping levers back and forth, is not heroic, or villanic (just made that word up, go forth little word, and prosper). I can't even imagine the conversation with the builders. ""That is a great wall of spears, can you make it raise and lower in a specific sequence that only someone trying to kill me will figure out?"" ""No."""
76561198068133001,Recommended,314830,28992147,Posted: 3 January,all,CPT. Jack Aubrey,"I don't understand why this game has mixed reviews.  This is one of the great TBS (Turn-Based Strategy) games out there, and I play a lot of TBS games.- This game has some of the largest most complex battle maps and features.  It's not your standard square, strategy is required.  Split your forces or keep them consolidated?  The maps are different for every quest and battle, you can interact with the environment, and enemies are hidden beyond your vision and behind objects- Character classes really matter in this game.  A ranged unit in this game can do a lot of damage, and often, can stay untouched.  Some characters can be good at ranged combat and melee.  You choose for the most part.  Magic has its place as well- Rich RPG features.  There are main characters in the game that are part of the story...from the first game if you played it.  There are a few paths you can take your multiple characters down.  If you earn enough XP, you can have some really heavy hitters strong in various areas creating a well rounded group- You don't manage cities on the campaign map, but you do speak with characters, trade, and travel between cities; the story is fun and the dialogue quirky.  There is an ""Army"" you can upgrade as the campaign progresses- Weapons:  this game has some of the best weapons and RPG attack upgrades I've seen in a game.  You can change every type of equipment your characters wear, the type of weapons they weild (more than one), and what types of special attacked you choose to give them when spending XP.If you like TBS, but this game.  The mixed reviews are BS.  I also recommend Legens of Eisenwald (feels a little odd at the start, but a great game), and for some, Might & Magic (that game is more macro with minimal RPG elements and basic battle maps, the game focuses more on the campaign.  The latest Might & Magic is excellent).ENJOY!  ~ Steve"
76561198052404717,Recommended,314830,22117358,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Slay,"I enjoyed this game very much. I'm a huge hex based rpg fan and was a big fan of the original, and this game didn't disappoint me at all. I found the game to be just as enjoyable as the original, but it is a bit easier and more forgiving during the combat compared to part one. That isn't a bad thing since the first game just flat out cheated at certain points. I found the writing namely the conversations with the party members enjoyable as they have the same witty responses and opinions as in the first game. The story is average at best but it isn't terrible just a little basic but if you're a fan of the first game and a fan of hex based rpgs in general you should enjoy this game. I recommend this game and I paid full price for it for what that is worth."
76561197972426186,Not Recommended,314830,14171117,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,<LBB> Caith,"This game is 20% rpg, 20% turn based strat, and 60% puzzle.  Running back and forth throwing levers is boring in the extreme.  Avoid this game if you don't want to spend hours moving units back and forth between widgits."
76561198011634995,Recommended,314830,22862131,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sacrificabile,"A great turn-based tactical game about the military campaign of Cassia Corapia, a woman driven to madness by betrayal.Less puzzles and more combat focused then the first one (and a bit easier, but not necessarily a flaw, as the first one was sometimes frustrating), the story of the game follow the battles of the Silver Spider Army. Big battles, heroes, mercenaries and mythical creatures will make your day.A must buy for me."
76561198055858197,Not Recommended,314830,30508479,Posted: 14 March,all,Otto,"There is plenty of things that go wrong in this game. So, let me tell you the good one :- A good story (not the best but still entertaining)- A better way to customise your companions since they only start with a few points spent- Some new enemies (but a few from the first opus, so you are still fighting clones of the new ones)- A more accurate chance of hit.- The flexibility of your garnison.BUT, if you ask me, it has been a long time since i've seen a so unbalanced game. OR a so narrow-minded design. There a few if not only one way to win some fights. I mean, if you do try an exotic build, you are ♥♥♥♥ed (except if you are extremely lucky)For me, they didn't learn from their mistakes."
,Not Recommended,314830,15449849,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,sebba,"Well, it is a nice use of the game play. The story at least fits well to it. However, as someone who has been playing ""The Dark Eye"" for many, many, many years - the changes made to the character development system are too much removed from the original. Also, the need to make the game more appealing to the international market and thus including fewer aspects from Aventuria does not increase my connection to the game.Overall, it is an okay game. But I think there is not enough of Aventuria in it for fans of the world, and the game system does not offer enough to stand on its own. The results is something that probably does not satisfy anyone."
76561198281568815,Not Recommended,314830,32309474,Posted: 9 June,all,Lonewolf Enoch,"= 2017/06/10 =This is what you get for your hard earned $$, or your fathers/mothers/grandparents $$.Pre-made heroes. But gives you a lot of Adventure Points (AP) during the tutorial so you can build her as you wish.Spell caster or non-spell caster class. (main heroine starts as a spell caster)6 melee weapons : Daggers, Sword/Saber, Axe/Mace, Spear, 2-handed sword, 2-handed bash (no more rapier/foil, staves)3 ranged weapons : Bow, Crossbow, ThrowingLeft/Right hand slot : One-hand weapon + shield, Dual wield, 2-Handed weaponArmor slots : Head, Chest Legs, Hands, Feet, Waist (for belts to put items for combat)There are no attributes, such as strength, dexterity, constitution, charisma, etc as in Blackguards 1.Vitality (Hit Points), Endurance, Astral Power (Mana)Skill have no pre-requisite, so you can learn whatever you want (part 1 needed certain attribute points for certain skills).8 talents : Body control, Will power, Perception, Traps, Warcraft, Animal Lore, Human Lore, Arcane Lore24 spells : Each spell has 4 tiers. Most 4th tier has a different effect (for example, Tier 1~3 Cold Shock would cold shock an enemy, tier 4 Cold Shock does it to the whole map)14 Special Maneuvers : From Power Blow to Tripple Shot. (active skills)12 Special Abilities : 38 including sub-abilities (for example Vitality 1->Vitality 2->Vitality 3) (passive skills)The below is a personal review of the game, you may feel totally opposite!Blackguards 2 keeps on getting in my mind and I want to help those who wants to try this game.I must get this out of my system.After playing Blackguards 1, I decided to give Blackguards 2 a try.Hint hint, this is giving Daedalic Entertainment another chance.Because I really like the graphics, how equipment changes the looks, skill animations look nice.The main problem in part 1 of this game is exactly in part 2!The funny thing is, in part 1, I would see a high % hit chance which missed most of the time.Here they ""changed it"" so that a 0% hit chance hit 100% of the time.I thought at first, perhaps they made a mistake to indicate 100% as 0%, but nope. There is a 100% hit chance and a 0% hit chance, both hitting 100%.As said in part 1 review, no one likes to be lied to. Whether it be in real life or in a game.This happens in the beginning of the game (as it probably is a display/coding error).And it got me wondering if the developers understand numbers as we players do????It was a turn off from the start as it caused me many hours of frustration in part 1.I will probably keep playing to see the ending, but definetly not for the enjoyment as I can foretell a great many hours of frustration heading my way...PS: Make the right choice, we only live once"
76561197989664109,Recommended,314830,22919853,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,NuclearSqworms,"The only reason I had trepidation in playing Blackguards 2 was the horrible bugs that made the first Blackguards unplayable. To my delight I had not one issue with Blackguards 2 and boy did I get a treat!The story-writing was amazing, with an iconic memorable fairytale that changes depending on choices you make in the game. Cassia's story is dark, and as a heroine or villian, she edges towards the brink of insanity. The SRPG elements are fulfilling, but not all maps are created equal. Sometimes obscure clues you pick up offer advantages during battle, but only if you can remember what was said.Overall, the game deserves a sequel and definitely a playthrough if you haven't already."
76561198203673196,Recommended,314830,32689240,Posted: 23 June,all,vollkornkartoffeln,"Its not as good as the first blackguards, but I liked it nonetheless. I didn't experience bugs or crashes, so if it's on sale, give it a try."
76561198059206898,Recommended,314830,14212920,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,JoeCWales,"Just finshed Blackgueards 2.  Overall, I'd give it a 6.5 out of 10.  Here's why.  Upside - Fun battles, lots of diversity, if you like or you can just bash heads too, decent storyline.  Downside - Short.  Took about 20 hours or so to finish.  Need more side missions (maybe an actual dungeon or two.)  Need more NPC choices.  There is no thief!  Cannot rotate or zoom battlemap (makes some batttles laborious.)   Screen scroll is SLOW.  Makes battles take much longer than they should.It was fun.  I recommend it for the die-hard D&D players.  For others, I would look elsewhere."
76561198048220958,Recommended,314830,14372570,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,snies,"I recommend the game to players who liked the new X-COM, the original Blackguards, Shadowrun Returns or Jagged Alliance. It's a solid turn based combat game with character leveling and a story. It has nice graphics. It feels a bit easier than the first one in normal. I think it's well balanced. There usually is a strategy for each map that significantly reduces the odds. I feel the people that complain about balancing and respawning enemies did not try to prevent the respawning and did not plan their strategy accordingly.The Bugs are gone after Patch 2  (two major patches in about 3 weeks). So let's stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing."
,Recommended,314830,33933385,Posted: 31 July,all,Scholomance,"Pretty fun game if you like figuring out fight mechanics in a challenging environment.Most fights have an element of risk and reward with bonus objectives e.g. chests, trap placements, chokepoints and strategic locations to hold etc.You will spend some time screwing up initially but once you got the flow and start steamrolling the enemies, it feels good :)Combat may start to bore when the enemies start piling up on the screen and you have to wait for each of them to act their turns. This could go up to 12+ enemies and at some stage it could be hella annoying trying to wait out each turn, especially having to endure the annoying buzz, deathblow animations and sound of the ♥♥♥♥ing annoying insect troops. The Lv4 freeze spell helps you clear the board fast, but with the unfortunate side effect of slowing their animations to half resulting in longer wait time between turns.Your dialogue choices will affect your companions' strengths and affinities. Certain dialogue cues will either turn them good or evil, and some choices have effects that will benefit their combat abilities (e.g. help your mage rediscover his ambition to rule, and his spell power/regeneration/resistance increases).Certain enemies/prisoners will reveal their secrets via the right dialogue choices. Keep a lookout for hints that will help you make the correct dialogue choice, my only gripe is sometimes I know the correct answer to persuade a prisoner, but I do not know whether which dialogue path the answer is hidden in and there is no ""Return"" option (you get 3 options when integorrating prisoners - Intimidate, Lie, and Make An Offer - which can be pretty confusing).Kinda like the choices we can make during the ending; would be nice if the developers throw in some vids to show us the effects of our end game actions and their impact on the citizens.Overall, pretty decent game to pass time."
76561197965943403,Not Recommended,314830,15959258,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Unxious,"Played through BG1, it was pretty bad. In the hope the BG2 would be better I started. I have already stopped. Aside from utterly pointless dialogue (even during battles) the game carries over every sin from the first one.- Camera is awful and its is usually very difficult to even see who is on the battlefield- Battlelog is just one scrolling list of hopeless. The information has already scrolled away when you actually wanted to see what happened- Constant bottlenecks and blocked shots. Archers are mostly useless- The weapons set thing is super super poor. Coupled with lead-on battles (forced into next battle without ability to resupply, even from your own backpack) this leads to constant no-potion, no arrow battles. Utter tedium.- Endless enemy spawning vs you, who can't even open your backpack during a battle creates totally frustrating battles. At the end of it, it matters not if you killed 20 or 1 enemy. Your 'loot' is fixed. The extra loot by opening a chest during a battle makes no sense. I've killed everybody, why would i not just open the chest. No - I must leave the final blow on the final guy so i can waste more time walking to a chest.- Merchants sell only useless weapons. There is nothing at all to aspire you to. Nothing to covert and help you decide where to put your skill points into.- You can really only complete most battles in one way. By that I mean you must have archers or fire spells etc.- Why are is your team 'victors against the nine hordes' so damn useless now. Apparently everybody forgot all skills, spells, training in the intervening years. Starting all over again fighting with a toothpick is boring. Especially given you quickly are fighting 20 enemies at a time.- Combat speed is fixed. Be prepared to wait 20-60 seconds to have your 1 second turn.All-in-all its a bizarre mix of game elements which when combined result in a frustrating, aimless experience.Not recommended."
,Recommended,314830,18126128,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Alienme,"I was skeptical to buy this game based on the reviews I read here on Steam. I am happy to say that I am so glad i ignored them! This was a great game. The mechanics are certainly scaled back from the first game, however any review should be based on how well a game stands on its own. So with that being said I greatly enjoyed the storyline. It was just engaging enough to carry you through the story, while not being too overbearing. I like the mercenary/troop upgrade system and also being able to supplement my battles with mercs to suit my combat needs. The only negative aspect, for me, was that even on easy some of the absolute randomness of the battles made some maps almost impossible, and others so easy you almost didnt even have to think about it. I found that the fast pace of the game had my team and mercenaries upgrading their skills formidably after every fight, which was different from the first game (or most RPGs). That made each new fight an excercise in ""lets see what this new ability does"" which kept it very fresh for me. I like the fact that there really are a few different paths to take to the end of the game. This and the random nature of the fights gives the game some level of replayability that is enjoyable.The biggest downfalls are not dealbreakers, but for me they are:-Lack of ranged party member. If you do not roll your main character with bows or crossbows, you will not have a follower with that skillset. in the later game you could use excess points for this, but not for the first 3/4. I would like to try out a mage or warrior type but those are already covered with your ""premade"" party.-Cumbersome tooltip to tell if a new item is an upgrade. You have to physically click on the CURRENT item and then hover over the new item in question. It works, but its not explained.-Annoying ""break the crystals before you can damage enemies"" fights. seriously, just add extra enemies if you want it to be harder or at least only do this to us ONCE :P-Removal of base stats (strength/Dexterity/Etc). I understand why and it works, it is just a big departure.-Addition of enurance as a combat ability ""mana"". I am kind of on the fence with this because in the first game you could spam hard hitting abilities and now you have to think on that until your regeneration is higher. I like it but again, its a big departure.-little to no side quests.Positives:-actual storyline which is just interesting enough to pull you through the campaign but not complicated enough to make you skip tons of lore materials or quest dialog.-combat system is fun and rage inducing at the same time. The Guard ability on crossbows is rediculously fun when it executes well! Some of the spells are so fun to cast that you always look forward to doing it.-easy to understand and navigate map system. The bonuses you get from each capture point are very well presented and you can intelligently plan your own route of attacks to gain the upgrades you prefer instead of being stuck on a preplanned route.-nice system of character skill upgrades that upgrade very fast. You will always feel relatiuvely powerful, especially if you pay attention to the difficulty rating on each point of the map.-More but I cant think of them all.Overall for the money this is a great turn based RPG. Dont let the nay sayers talk you out of it. Its one of the best uses of 5 bucks in a while."
76561198261404140,Recommended,314830,22050691,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pawarid,"Graphics: NiceGameplay: EasyDifficulty: HardPlot: NiceReplayability: Yes (different moral paths, different endings, different skills)Value: Worth itApproximate hours through one play-through: 35-45Comment: The only issue I saw ppl are complaining about is the lack of save function mid-battle, otherwise a great game!"
76561198065494435,Recommended,314830,14194068,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Death's Disciple,"Simply put, this game has a really odd story line. One minute I was murdering villagers to get more AP, the next I was letting prisoners go out of the kindness of my heart. Strangely it was all a lot of fun.At first I didn't like the main character. She was a evil looking thing with boils covering half her face, but after her personality develops she is pretty interesting. I initially thought she was going to be evil the entire game, but not so. She turns out to be a pretty cool chick that just got in with some bad dudes.One thing I wasn't so sure about is that you don't get to ""make"" your own character, but you can develop the main character anyway you want. Also she has a lot of speaking scenes and good voice acting which makes up for the inability to create your character from scratch. Also you only get 4 customizatable characters, which feels lacking to me for some reason. Also while they start off with alot to say, by mid game they just repeat the same old crap. One character, you can't even speak to after mid game. You see him sitting there, but that's it, you can't select to chat with him.I didn't really like the way items and equipment were introduced to the characters. Some weapon types had a lot of really good weapons, while others didn't have much. Maybe it was on a loot table and I just got the good sword items and missed out on the good axe items. Too bad no one in my group used swords.The story was odd, as I said earlier, but still interesting. I saw a lot of choices, which I always tried to pick the good one, except when AP was up for grabs. The interrogation process was interesting, but I failed most of them. :P Finally I figured out that I should save before I start the interrogation, and reload after I fail it. During the interrogation, you try to figure out what is the best way to handled the one you are interrogating. You can intimidate them, lie to them, or make them an offer. From what I could tell, they provide you with some information is you get everything right. Like I said, I did fail most of these.The character customization was pretty good too. You have a lot of stuff to spend your AP on. Almost everything is at least a little useful. The only problem is all your characters except Cassia come predisposed to certain weapon types, so it doesn't make sense to change it. I ended up using Naurim's starter axe through the entire game. I would of loved to have switched him to something better, but I just never found anything better.On the battle field is where this game shines though. Lots of stuff to do, and losts of stuff to watch out for. Only problem with them is a lot of the maps aren't as developed as I would like, but still most battles are really fun."
76561198006644191,Recommended,314830,14162298,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Myshkin,"I understand that my point of view reflects almost a small minority; but I will state my opinion. I am a gamer since mid '80s, and almost explicitely play strategy and RPGs (not the action ones...).This game is amazing fun. It's like fire emblem, but even better. It combiness strategy and RPG. It's neither dumbed down nor shallow on the contrary, it's deep and engaging. It throws you puzzles that you have to solve, so often you don't have to win by fighting, but by finding the right patterns. I played on hard and has been so far challenging and rewarding.Speaking with nearly 40h playtime; I had encountered a few bugs during the first two days of release, but after the last patch all of them are fixed. I really don't get the complains about the broken and almost unplayable game (yup, I passed the druid and the adamant).It runs very smoothly on my rig. I have no performance issues.Frankly, why don't they make more games like this? It's one of the best turn based strategies, I have played - and believe me I have played a lot.Overall, I loved this game and I would give it a 90/100. I recommend this to all players who are into strategy, puzzle solving and deep RPG rules."
,Recommended,314830,21274120,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,Maybe as good as the first one. Not as hard but you recruit guys this time.The upgrading system wasnt as good but with the extra big battles it was a better game...Better.. Unsure. As good? Certainly!
,Recommended,314830,17253067,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Generator the Gargoyle,"This game has one of the most colorful rpg experiences I've had, and the turnbased combat system flows very well. Beyond  that, the combat is in fact quite complex and interesting."
76561197993474593,Recommended,314830,19781075,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,daSchef,"Blackguards 2 ist die konsequente Weiterentwicklung des ersten Teils. Das DSA Regelwerk wurde weiter vereinfacht und zu gunsten einer schnelleren Spieldynamik angepasst. Schade für alle DS Würfelfans, aber dadruch ist das Spiel definitiv für eine große Mehrheit zugänglicher geworden.Abgesehen von zwei Stellen in Spiel lassen sich die Kämpfe auf verschiedenste Weise lösen, ein Verskillen der Charaktäre ist so kaum möglich.Eine gelungen Fortsetzung die man jedem Fan von TBS Rollenspielen empfehlen kann.Für ehemelagie P&P DSA Spieler Pflicht!"
,Recommended,314830,24465183,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,du = Tds - Pdv,"Just completed my first play through and thought I'd give my verdict.A few people mentioned extreme difficulty with some levels and I do agree.There is a level very early on in which you are cornered and chased by > 20 enemies.However after a few failed attepts I realised the game was forcing me to escape andnot just fight them all ( which, for these games I would always do). Once I realsed this I planned my traps to stop enemeis advancing at choke points and strategically placed arcane walls to block other choke points. From the point the game was a lot easier. Until the final battle.... wowYou have some flexibility with characters. Cassia can be anything you wish as she has access to all skill sets, I personally chose her to be an archer. The dwarf lacks the ability to learn magic and so I opted for a tank class. The mage guy is good and could be switched to another class. And the tribal guy, I made into a high damage high evasion class.I saw a lot of posts about glitches and bugs. I didn't have a single crash or see any bugs. Maybe the game pauses at the end of a full round of turns, but the calculations have to be done. I guess the developers decided to just prioritise that and not thread it seperately. Not a massive issue.Price wise: would I pay £25 for this? No. Would I pay £15 for this? yes. If the game was longer and had more skills etc./. I would pay the full price.Overall it is very fun. I spent 16 hours playing this for 1 playthrough of the gamePros:-Good story-Beautiful graphics-Great skill sets for building fighters, mages, rogues, tanks and archers.-hexagonal movement tiles-The ability to wait after or before movement, giving you the chance to allow characters blocking you to move (very helpfull)Cons:-Could do with more weapons-If magic isn't available you will find at the end of the game those characters have practically the same upgrades-Needs more dedicated trees with bigger bonuses and bigger penalties."
76561198006346676,Recommended,314830,14098950,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sarcastro,"Many quality of life improvements in gameplay from the first Blackguards, no trainer hunting, no group weight limits, ect.  Story path is more linear but the mission objectives are more varied.  Controlling larger battles via the use of Mercenaries is a great addition.  A great improvement over the original."
,Not Recommended,314830,14144711,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,tuathadedannan357,"Well super disapointed on this one. Why in a game that is based on a ruleset do you remove the key components of those rules? Why in an rpg where you had a lot of options for your character in the 1st game do you take that away? The very nature of the opening of this game gives me no hope for its plot to be anything but over the top contrivences. As for the streamlined inovations- what they did was gut the Dark Eye rules out of the game keeping a few things in name only and made it so it is no longer based off attributes at all. That is correct they decided that we are too stupid to understand attributes and they needed to go. Skills have been minimized to an extreme and weapon skills now range into ridiculously high numbers in comparison to non-weapon skills (teir one with a weapon is something like a value of 50). I love the Dark Eye rules and I loved the first game because it was a complicated tactical rpg. This is just a sad money grab at best. That being said if you didnt like the first game because you couldnt figure out the mechanics maybe this will be better for you... as long as playing a lunatic, tumor ridden woman is your idea of a good protagonist. After all if you dont take the dark fantasy anti-hero concept and beat us over the head with it until we cry  we wont get it. If it isnt clear I really want my 31 bucks back."
76561197975421288,Recommended,314830,25390445,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,JD,"It is an incredible shame that this game isn't highly rated, as the first game gets great reviews, yet this game is actually better, albeit shorter. I would recommend playing the first game first because it eases you into the way the game works, and also the extremely challenging combat. The first game was one of the best games I've played in a little over 30 years of gaming, but it had some shortcomings which this game amazingly manages to fix head on.These Blackguards games are basically typical RPG's on paper, but they play differently. There is a story which is actually better than most RPG's I've played (and I've played probably 100), and the characters are exceptional. They are all voice acted too, and well. Combat is the highlight and focus of these games, and it is slow paced, turn based, very strategic, very tactical, and very challenging. Every battle can be won if you play well, but even experienced RPG gamers will likely need to attempt some missions twice. If you like deep and tactical combat, this is the best game I have ever found, and if anyone knows anything better, please send me a message! The nearest equivalent I can think of was Final Fantasy Tactics, in that each battle is very finely tuned to be challenging, and movement and positioning of your team is just as important as the spells and abilities they use on each turn. FFT was very popular and really well respected and one of my favorite games, but this game is better in every way.The only thing these games don't have that the average RPG gamer might want to know about, is exploration. There is no 1st or 3rd person walking around through forests looking for enemies or anything like that, instead you get a battle map of a country with various regions and cities, and you travel to them and get battles either in the cities or whilst travelling to them. I suppose if games like this could get the kinds of budgets the Elder Scrolls games get, there would be some exploration too, but this is an indie game so it can't have everything. But it still manages to have a lot, and what it does have it does extremely well. The itemization is fantastic, not so much in the first game but definitely in this sequel. There is a large variety of armor and weapons and there are sets you can wear which give bonuses. There are also dozens of usable items, not just potions but various traps and tools you can use in combat. Also the way you build up your characters with stats and spells is as good as it gets for RPG's. It uses an old rulebook which is an alternative to D&D and it is really deep and really good, and the game allows you to get really involved with lots of abilities and spells. The first game had a bit more customization as this sequel simplified one layer of this, but I don't think anything was lost with that, because you still get to focus on the various moves, spells and abilities, just without having to waste time tweaking stats to allow whichever ones you want to pick.Story, characters, dialogue, itemisation, and especially combat, this game is as good as any other game out there. It would probably be horrifying to the average action RPG player that dont want to try something different, but if you are someone who likes tactical RPG's, this is a must have game. I've loved Baldurs Gate 2, TOEE, all the Icewind Dale games, Summoner, Wizardry, Might & Magic, etc. but this game is my new love and comparable or better than most of those games.The first game is too, but the battle maps were just ok, the enemy types were repetitive, the itemisation was too limited, and hunting down needle in a haystack skill trainers was an unnecessary chore. This game improves all of those things significantly, the battle maps are bigger and more interesting here, and the enemies are too with huge bosses with great graphical touches. There are loads of items to choose from, and the tedium with trainers and finding gear etc. is all gone.I am aware most of the negative reviews these games get are because of the terrible bugs they had at release, and when I played the first game, even a long time after release, I suffered through a lot of really bad bugs. I even regularly had corrupt savegames which meant my last few saves would die and I had to recover one from further back which meant I had to replay an hour or more of the game... Really bad bugs, worse than most games, yet I still loved the game. I don't know what state it is in now, I assume pretty perfect by now. This game however I only played very recently and I didn't find ANY  bugs at all. I am sure there are some somewhere but it is a slick experience for me, so don't be put off by the negative reviews, they were surely very valid early on, but if you play the game now it is a great experience."
,Recommended,314830,28498245,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Vladkins,"+ Engaging story+ Wonderfully fleshed out characters+ Miss-able content if you don't pay attention+ Dark+ Similar vein to xcom/ff tactics/valkyrie chronicles/mordheim- Difficulty spikes, especially towards the end RNG based victories- Lack of polish8/10"
,Recommended,314830,28503939,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Trash Wizard,"The rules are a bit different from the first game, but not in any ways that I think make the game way better or worse.  The story is more unique & consistently good, though.  It still has the issue with the wonky damage types.  Like the first game, battles are pretty difficult at times, & it's fun having to figure out how to make it work.  Also, this time, you get to play a spurned ex-lover plotting revenge on her husband to violently betrayed her, which is pretty neat."
,Recommended,314830,29116870,Posted: 8 January,all,thebluerider,"Great skillsystem, nice story. tactical combat. Just what I like."
76561198036285528,Recommended,314830,25475617,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shadowcran,"Tactical combat, army building, hoarding loot and searching for better, great dialogue and story..what else could you want?Buy this game and be one of the few, whether you get it on sale or full price. If you like Turn Based Strategy mixed with RPG, you NEED this game."
76561198060301780,Recommended,314830,33659538,Posted: 19 July,all,rocco.salvetti,"The protagonist is interesting, and it is a good game, however:. You have to equip and chose your party before knowing what kind of challenge you are going to face.. A lot on interactable objects are neecessary to win a leve, but you won't know what they do before loosing to try them out.. Every attempt takes a long time. If you fail and you think you'd better go back and equip your party differently, you can't. . . I stopped playing after 15 hours. The last 3 stucked on the same mission.Buy it, on sale maybe."
,Recommended,314830,21540343,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rokolith,Nice little evil-themed RPG. A few bugs but enjoyable. Comparable to Final Fantasy Tactics. Worth 15 bucks or so.
76561198032542072,Recommended,314830,14362072,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gaz O'D,"Good old fashioned turn-based tactical rpg. Loved old games like Shining Force and Vandal Hearts. Its a shame the youth of today dont understand the beauty of a turn-based tactical rpg. It makes you think, you have to plan every move, its like a game of chess. Games nowdays are just shoot shoot shoot, instant gratification & no thinking required. If you ever played Vandal Hearts and the old Shining Force games, you will love this game.Quick edit. What would make this game even better is if it had some sort of New Game+ option."
76561198085216962,Recommended,314830,14093860,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,stolasjc,"Having never played the first game I have nothing to compare this to.I found the tutorial a bit long and drawn out but very helpful, to me it seemed it was both for learning the game and developing the players interest and compassion for the main character something I think it did well.Graphics while not top notch are fine for the game as well as the hex based system.I have found overall that I enjoy this game. I have not had any bug related issues yet (knock on wood) and it seems to be a good title. Of course everyone has thier own tastes so if you want a quick look at it here is a short video of the first day in the depths...http://youtu.be/ofVaLFg1eMo"
76561198011335956,Not Recommended,314830,32972656,Posted: 28 June,all,Signal,"An unworthy successor to BG1.  I liked the tweaks to the skill system, but this game was not as interesting as BG1, and it still has serious bugs over two years after its release.I bought BG2 for just few dollars on sale because I had enjoyed the original.  The thing is, it's not about the money but the experience.  Having finished the game, I wish I'd spent the time playing something else -- something more fun and less frustrating.  Unexplained quirks and bugginess spoiled the experience.If you want to save a certain sympathetic NPC, you must sacrifice something important before the final battle, just to keep that option open.  I did that, but had to replay the final battle because the first time it simply would not not end.  One enemy unit had been permanently petrified and could not be killed.  I restarted and was careful not to let that happen.  The battle still would not end unless I killed the last surviving enemy, which I had to keep alive or that sympathetic NPC would die.  When the battle didn't end, I thought maybe I had to ""subdue"" that enemy by taking him to zero health.  No, that triggered the end but also cost the life of the person I was trying to save.The epilogue was buggy too.  Naurim was alive at the end of the final battle, but conspicuously absent from the epilogue, and I did not get the achievement for his survival.  Somehow I got both the achievements for Zurburan being evil AND good, even though I'd only chosen the good options (it's not like he flipped during the course of the game).Character development choices were also unclear.  Apparently unlocking an NPC's potential, such as fueling Naurim's rage to gain combat bonuses, counts as turning him evil.  I figured a little fire in the belly would be good for a warrior, but no that's ""evil"".Some battles chain right into another battle without a chance to re-equip.  That's fine, but you never know when that will happen.  Should I use my poison in this fight or save it for a possible chained-into battle?  I ended up hardly using expendables because I kept saving them.Too much frustration, too little satisfaction."
76561197974250986,Recommended,314830,14272088,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,edub101,"Original Review: Thumbs Down.(The game was released in a broken state.)Updated Review: Thumbs upAfter a series of patches, the game-breaking defects appear to be repaired.  I can now recommend the game to anyone who enjoyed the first Blackguards, or otherwise is a fan of turn-based tactical RPGs.  There is a lot of great stuff here, including good voice acting, character development, and the grim world of the pen-and-paper Dark Eye game.  It is a shame the developer just didn't wait the extra two weeks it took to polish the game before releasing it, as many fans may have been turned away by the bugs, resulting in a permanently-lowered review score.  This game is now a solid, turn-based, mission based, combat-focused RPG (no world exploration, similar to other tactics games)."
76561198009343662,Recommended,314830,14227742,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,22122 {C²},"I have never played the first Blackguards so I cant comment on an differences there but I enjoyed this.The story is interesting if a bit dark and wierd and sometimes it makes very little sense.There are a few bugs, at one point I could talk to two of my companions but no topics came up and at another point I had just dragged a big spider statue thing to my camp and talking to it started up a conversation with another character for some reason.Sometimes it is not very clear as to what you need to do during a fight and many times I have had to reset fights because I got trapped in constant loops of spawning enemies or because i didnt bring the correct mercenaries.Overall its an enjoyable and entertaining turn-based rpg.Plus I got the evil ending and got my head stuck on a spike, which was cool."
76561198025593075,Recommended,314830,14204903,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Over the Rambo,Alright game but its probably got the best ending credits song ever.
,Not Recommended,314830,24062359,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,msms3332,"This is the first review I've ever written for any game on steam, and it's really more for catharsis then anything else.  Where to begin...   The storyline for this game is amazing.  You follow the main hero Cassia as she seeks revenge against her enemies while spiraling into the depths of madness.  The combatis also on point.  Lots of options and tactics to use in battles.  When the game is ""on"" it's really ""on""What kills it?  Why the non-recomendation?  Simple:  Daedalic have no concept of what makes a game fun.  Even with all these positives, this game will make you rage harder than anything From Software has ever produced.  Game difficulty is erratic, at best, and homicide inducing at worst. Daedlic must be run by alcholics...Deadlic, please if you read this.  Please.  Please.  Please.  Play test your games...  not just for bugs, but ask your playtesters if they are having fun.  The system is great, stop dropping the ball on poor level design."
,Recommended,314830,17889966,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TweetyTheBird,"It is a good sequel. Overall I would recommend it.The game is simpler in terms of character development compared to its predecessor (e.g. you don't develop attributes yourself) but it compensates with interesting story and new aspects of battle (e.g. monster enemies). Skills are slightly changed, but more or less tha same as in BG1.What I did not like is that there is no wold state import, the first game does not impact the second game in any way. What I did like is that the story is made in such a way, that in spite of the fact that the character can be good or bad, it feels more natural to be bad."
,Recommended,314830,15843123,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,kind of a blackguards extension instead of a new game. but it's more of what was fun in blackguards.
76561198257696182,Recommended,314830,19379224,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,acslacker,"Blackguards 2 plays quite differently from Blackguards 1.  While I preferred the first game's character customization with the stats, the battles in 2 were more intense and included many more combatants.  The random number generator was significantly less frustrating.  It's hard to pick a favorite.  Both are amazing TRPGs.  Some believe this game feels like DLC for #1, and while I understand how you can get that impression (most music tracks in #2 are from #1), the world map and battles play quite differently.  There's enough content here to justify the sequel status, in my opinion.What I liked about Blackguards 2.* Battles were very intense.  The player can't always win with brute force (in fact, a great deal of battles will result in defeat if the player opts for brute force).  I took ONE LOOK at the field during the fight against the druid, my group surrounded by the treant chimearas, and didn't think there was any hope of success.  I ended up succeeding on my first attempt with the help of 2 well-placed fireballs (they unexpectedly grouped together).  A lot of battles had me thinking ""What the heck am I going to do to win this?!"" and occasionally required a second attempt.* The return of Takate, Zurburan and Naurim from 1 was appreciated.* Huge battles.  The number of combatants in #1 (the unit portraits) never exceeded my screen's capacity, but the majority of the battles in #2 wrapped around.* Contains multiple endings.  I think if I had played differently, the main character survives.  (I'll be back, just you wait #2.)* The ability to have a magic-user wearing armor without penalty potentially allows for some very interesting hybrid options for Zurburan and the main character.* I felt there were more than enough character points to complete what I wanted for all of my characters.What I didn't like.* Stats were dropped completely, dumbing down character customization and nearly completely removing the table-top RPG feel that the first game had.  This loss of stats affected the spells a lot.  The creators decided to hold on to every spell from #1 and alter them to keep them relevant.  I don't think it worked.  Many spells became nearly useless.* I prefer an adventuring party with mercenary assistance over a conquering horde.  Having to defend territories already claimed was a nuisance.  I hope it wasn't added just to increase play time.* The narrator's voice annoyed the snot out of me.  I found myself pressing multiple buttons trying to shut him up, as I had already read the words.* The story was there, but it was narrated more than acted out with the characters.Overall, this provides more of what I'm looking for.  More tactical RPG awesomeness.  I'm glad I didn't pass this series up."
,Not Recommended,314830,14147552,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kadot,"Could be a great game, but its full of bugs. Actually i have a save game stuck because i cant deploy units."
,Not Recommended,314830,15794946,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ohgoditburns,"Sluggish controls. I only played up until the end of the labyrinth, but the game just failed to grab me."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,314830,29176179,Posted: 10 January,all,Redeemed,"Love these types of turn-based story-rich games , but I just kept wishing this game was over.  They made it difficult to find complete sets of equipment and traveling back and forth to search just ended up wasting your time because you end up getting attacked every couple moves.  The whole defend against count-attack was also flawed because it was too easy and just ended up being a time-waster.  The story was ok.  The combat was too boring.  Only a regular attack plus a special or two."
,Recommended,314830,32883607,Posted: 27 June,all,Knight Hospitaller,"Unengaging.COMBATDon't get me wrong: The tactical hexgrid turn based combat is excellent, scrathing that itch strategists/tacticians feel with new bland games. The varied type of maps isgood, very gimmicky, with most of the time each map having some sort of environmental hazards that can be used for/against the player, making battles more than just strength but also a puzzle of sorts.Butit lacks:Some sort of surrender option to enemies (very few times they try to leave combat, even if overpowered and outnumbered). It bores to hunt down the last one.Quicker battles. Combatants deal average damage per hit. With most of the time 8 in each side, combat can be dragging and unappealing.Better UI: Range of spells and line-of-sight are hit or miss. My Zurbaran became an archer so I could use the ranged weapon LOS/UI to help me with spells. Characters with negative HP stay in battle for 3 (?) rounds before leaving, but I know this because I played BG 1. If its wrong, worse: Game should offer better explanation.STORYI couldn't pay much importance to the revenge of Cassia over her husband. The character is a blank slate when presented to the player, so the player have a hard time attaching to her. The catacombs mission could help, but doesn't. Played because of the BG 1 trio, but they became just a shadow of what they were.I tried to play a mad woman, and I think it could be awesome, but I went to the goodie one in the end. I can see where the differences would show, and is way better than the false dichotomy of recent games that only change the color of your picture but the end result is the same.The game is good for its tactical combat, but lacks story to keep the player interested in the events aside the battles themselves.If you like games for its challenges and see combat as a puzzle of sorts, this game is for you. If you want a rich story about the revenge of a woman against her husband, you'll find it severely lacking."
76561198113958172,Not Recommended,314830,14192401,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dary,"* I only care about the game balance and systems *I was a great fun of Blackguard1. Yes, it was complicated and can be forced to restart the game if your builds are wrong. But I liked them including shortages that are mentioned here by others.  Blackguard1 was a game to learn, evaluate, test skills and magics, and finally come up with the best build you can think of. I loved that process and spent hours and hours and restart the game 4 times before I could end it. (yah, i could end the game earlier but I am a perfectionist). I could finish off the hard-mode easily with my build. Yes, I got the right answer after tries and errors.Blackguard2 was much more simplified and didnt take long to come up with the best build I can think of.  Yes, I can see the minor changes in skills that were over powered in blackguard1. (like sh***w + a***w r**n + b**fs on sh***w dont work anymore) But my 1st trial went too successful in blackguard2. A game is done when mastered the builds not when I see the ending credits or clear all the multi-endings. So it was over for me. Sigh.I think this developer tried to make BlackGuard2 to meet the need of more general light game players or trying to get better reviews. But I am sorry to say that you completely lost me. Yes, you lost a big fun of Blackguard1. I was counting days for blackguard2 to be released but not for 3 anymore. Sad."
76561198047326576,Recommended,314830,15794828,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,draco & palada,"Short story:Blackguards 2 suffers from Trilogy syndrome, it improves certain asspects of the previous game (the ability to cast magic in metal is freakin awesome and the skill tree isn't oversimplifed but made more friendly towards people who aren't used to rpg's) while ♥♥♥♥ing up some of the things that made the previous game good (I reffer to the story here,I do not find it as deep and engaging as the story of Blackguards 1).Blackguards 2 is also unsure what kind of game it wants to be, remaining stuck between star wars battlefronts 2 conquest style-turn based strategy and a clasic turn based rpg from the dark eye series.The final symptom of the trilogy syndrome consists of the fact that the story is short compared to the previous game and sets the stage for the next blackguard(""protagonist"") to make a strong mark on the world of Aventuria.Final grade: 6.5 + arachnofobia/10. Never buy at full price. (there is a longer story,beyond recomendations)Recomendations:*if you guys wanna shift the balance of the game more towards macro strategy(managing armies empires and such) then I recomend you guys take notes from the Conquest Mode of Star Wars Battlefront 2 as it is your best bet towards making Blackguards 3 a strategy rpg game about the horatian empire attacking a divided Emirate without loosing fans of the core rpg game.Also being able to give new purpose to a conquered teritory might not be a bad ideea...maybe I wanted to turn the fishing village into a blackmarket, or turn the hunters camp into a mercenary recruitment camp to get more liutenants with advantced fortifications to guard agains invaders.*if you guys want to reinforce the Blackguards series as an rpg,then how about giving us companions that start out with a near empty character sheet and a good amount of AP to get the builds players want going. Another thing you could do to make the Blackguards series awesome is to give us co-op in the form of a game mod similar to chess,with 5 characters each player within a randomly generated arena.Or maybe just have us play as the law enforces in the lawless world of Aventuria,next time.*overall I think that being able to play Blackguards 1,using the rule set of Blackguards 2, through a DLC-mod would be the ideal way for us to experience the freedom of the new skill tree sistem,until you guys think of a good story for Blackguards 3.Long story: beware of spoilers from here onBefore we kick into high gear I would like to point out that the ""good"" ending is not very inuitive.I got the petrifier to petrify Marawan (which seems as the ideal way to end that conflict and youtube videos confirm it) but that does not induce a victory state and I have no bloody clue what to do to get my desired ending.Now let's kick it into high gear.STORY WISE, Blackguards 2 feels like an unfinished game, because the reasons why the Horatian Empire are interested in helping Cassia and why does the Horatian Empire belive that Cassia stands a chance againts her husband considering the fact that prior to her imprisonment she had no interest in warfare (at least according to what I understood of the story) is not properly explained and expanded upon...in other words it makes no bloody sense that the Horatian Empire wants to help Casia by giving her weapons.From a gameplay point of view I can assure the devs that 4 is not your magic number because all the sense of freedom your skill system provides is canceled out by the fact that you are forced to play with 2 STRONG predefinied melee characters(it makes no sense to have these guys fire/waste arrows in this game) and 1 predefined mage (we will ignore the mercs here as they are irelevant in most boss fights) giving us little character development for Casia (mage,archer or mage-archer feel like the default choice because the predefined melee characters are very good).I would also like to point out that Casia is not an easy character to role play because she feels like a darker version of Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones and is exposed to stereotipization due to the fact that she has magical powers,a need to maintain control, gentle heart, power hungry, hurt and angry at the world and crazy as fxxK due to spider venom makes her (from my perspective and probably Naurim's as well) someone I would NOT like to fight alongside in melee range as I am afraid she might get high on adreline and slit my throat + I already have a sane but narcistic gladiator as a partener (Takate the first game character I developed a bromance with).My ideal fix to the above issues would be an expansion that introduces a fully customizable ambasador from the Horatian Empire to give more sense to the implication of the Horatian Empire story, while making feel more deep and interesting at the same...recruiting him at the fishers village seems like the most logical course of action.5 was always the magic number for the Blackguards series, in my honest opinion,as the most awesome quests (looking at you Flying Foxes) took place when the party was at 5,because in a party of 5 you have 2 melee characters, 2 range/mage characters and the playable character in this format has the necesary freedom to become whatever without damaging the party composition, which is a good thing considering that the skill tree is designed to allow us as players creative freedom over 1 character. This also give predefined characters some breathing space as well. In Blackguards 1,because my party was at 5,I felt more comfortable changing combat formations,investing in Takate enough AP to make him good with a bow and arrows to unleash some range aoe damage as my playable battle mage charges to the front with 0 astral energy to take his place.I would also like to point out that removing the ability of epilifactus shadow force to use weapon based special abilities is beyond bad as it pushes Casia even further away from the notion of having her as a battle mage in the game, unless she dual wields. I dislike dual wielding,I prefer a two handed sword. The absence of a metalic armor set that feels good for battle mages is also something that inhibated my desire to build Casia as a melee weapon wielding battle mage. If rank 3 could use the weapon skills of the caster then I would consider the spell both balanced and worthwile.Before I conclude I must say that I disagree with the notion of having staves and axes bundled up in the same category because they are 2 different weapons that are used in different and unrelated combat styles (it's easier to feint and counter attack with a staff then with an axe,but an axe is more effective at chopping people up."
76561198007942335,Not Recommended,314830,29829898,Posted: 10 February,all,kubics,"While I can live with the streamlining of this game compared to the first one wrt. attributes levels of skills etc., I think thas game has too many fights with continously respawning enemies (also sometimes present in the first one), meaning the number of enemies of some kinds are constant until some objective is reached. I previously thought some other RPGs bloated hit-point sponge-bosses was a bad design but it turns out this is just as bad (IMHO)."
76561198070980089,Recommended,314830,14090134,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wra1thAng3l,"Well it's essentially the old game which I cannot complain about because I adored the last game.You have a great turn-based Hexigon oriented battle system, with a customizable battle style. Puzzles, Fireballs, Spears, what's not to like?!miffed at the fact that the game freezes randomly at the end of fights. It gets pretty annoying."
76561198007012305,Recommended,314830,14200266,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,"Love this game! Only points of critique:1. It is most of th time unclear if you HAVE to run or can fight, causing some nasty and unecessary losses.2. It is sometimes unclear what is good and what is evil - it makes things interesting but I prefer it simple, like in Mass EffectThat is about it; one nasty freeze if an insect archer gets hit by a counterstrike but I didn`t find any more bugs.I Love the setting, the characters (exspecially Cassia and Faramud) and the gameplay. 10/10 would get a pet-corapia again."
,Not Recommended,314830,16689873,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Oracle,"It's a downgrade from blackguards 1. It has less maps, towns and interesting characters. The story is weak compared as well, and so are the funny moments. And to top it all off Cassia, the main character, is pretty much an old character from bg1 with different skin stone. Even the outfit and mask look alike. The maps are almost all HUGE with way too many mercenaries on both sides, which causes massive fps drops, even on high end machines. I'd say buy bg1 and stick to it."
76561198065868714,Recommended,314830,17559592,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vitcenti,I like the first one 2nd one is alright.They made this one a lot more linear.
,Recommended,314830,15401034,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Not bad.6/10
76561198045549641,Recommended,314830,18854549,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sir Nuttsak,"Different enough to be a different experience than the first Blackguards, and entirely fun throughout.  The only thing I wish is that there was a Blackguards 3."
76561197988543916,Recommended,314830,20516689,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,That_Guy,"If you played the first, you will be very familiar with the second game.  It seems to go by quicker, and I only clocked about 20+ hours on it.Overall it is numerous battles, and then some roleplaying in between, where your decisions reflect on how the story goes.Combat is tough but not overly so.  I found that the main character that you get to create, should be a spellcaster to even things out in combat.  Think of creating a classic healer type and you should be in good shape."
76561198030681948,Recommended,314830,15875064,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,david3907,Nice little story line. Good combat system. A zoom function would have been nice as sometimes things difficult to pick out. Graphics are okay but nothing special. 7/10
76561197962453131,Recommended,314830,16453132,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Badajoz,"Played Blackguards 1 and didn't get on with it - too hard / dependent on making the perfect DPS char early. Just finished Blackguards 2 and thought it was very good. Excellent plot, excellent story (and TBH, I'm not into stories much) - solid turn based combat, nice graphics RPG and story. Don't understand the mixed reviews after what I just played through."
76561198028822808,Recommended,314830,17246510,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kaveh,"Fun RPG turn-based strategy, I would buy and play Blackguards 3 if they make it. Despite the fact that I recommend  this game if you're a fan of the genre, this game does have its problems. The game is shallow and inflexible when it comes to customization.  First, character type is really only selectable for Cassia (1 of 4 characters), the other 3 are already fighter or mage. Second, too few characters that can be used in your main party - I like the mercenary addition though. Third, equipment selection is not particularly varied until quite late into the game. Fourth, armor sets can most times be impossible to find in a complete set. I do like the big variety of maps and mercenary characters."
,Recommended,314830,16619685,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,"Very fun game, different, but not that much from the first one. Make it very fascinating. The beginning takes less in length, than the 1st one, you are in the big action faster. I love both and recommended them :)"
76561198035158750,Recommended,314830,16877918,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,studmuffin,"Ok so i,m 9 hours into the game and i am very happy with what they have done with this.Love the mercanaries.Could'nt get enough of the first one and this is no different.Had put playing this off for a while cos i had Divinity original sin and Witcher 3 to contend with first.The skills are more refined but even still there is enough to mess around with to get the build you want.Thought i was not going to like it but i was so wrong.Love the game to bits and i,m enjoying the story."
,Recommended,314830,18357790,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Things I like:- There's no telling you what to do here, you need to find out yourself.- Certain dead ends in battles will give you extra loot after you complete the battle.- The game has humour.Things I don't like:- Everything takes forever to complete, due to the turn-based system with 1 action per turn."
76561197971886249,Recommended,314830,14892173,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Oltex,Overall good but too short. Left me feeling like i played half a game.
76561198006354106,Recommended,314830,15619109,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,msk888hyper,"super nice !unique , inventive, deep immersive ,"
76561197992785789,Recommended,314830,16828273,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Chompot,"Great dark story with some thinking required to solve the battels. You meet up with the old characters from Blackguard 1 and learn what they have been up to.I did run into one bug where i could not save my game, but other than that the game has been very stabel for me.Probably not a good game to buy if you dont like spiders :)"
76561198015252304,Recommended,314830,15115511,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dental,"Some good improvements compared to BG1 but too short, no real inovations and too easy.Completed the game  2x with ranger and wizard... way too overpowered, even on hard.Hope for Blackguards 3: better story: better questing, larger map, more variations, more enemies, tough bossesScore 7/10"
76561198015731346,Recommended,314830,16739650,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ExA_Sn4k3,"i liked the first ,as u can see on my reviews,i loved the second. More tattic-managerial things and a great main char development .tip: hunter with triple shot and some war-arrows can oneshot bosses."
76561197966448712,Recommended,314830,16879923,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,saul_fossy,"The game can be a bit to simple from time to time, however it is pretty enjoyable if you know that going in. It is also a bit limited but not to the point to be borring.I really liked the turn-base machanics of the game and the way you can set up your characters. You can make your characters build anyway you wish to, and that is a huge pro on my opinion."
76561198040918703,Recommended,314830,17974934,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ikarus,"Very much enjoying the game, but miss the complexity of the first game.  As a tabletop roleplayer I much preferred the implementation of TDE system in the first game, although I would say that this would not appeal to some."
,Recommended,314830,20734356,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,venkman,"It's a great game, unfortunately some more polishing would have been nice. You'll probably have to read some tutorials to get the skill system - and you should there are some spells and skills you won't need very much, which is sad. At least in the German version the voice actors are stunning. Expect to get frustrated from time to time though, some fights can get quite long and feel boring where others maybe really great. Personally I like the game but the devs could have put more ressources into the game, it seems a bit rushed unfortunately and looses some potential."
76561197963344380,Recommended,314830,25841615,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ray,I've got this and Blackguards 1 for 9.99€ on a steam sale and it was worth it. I liked the gameplay a lot and also enjoyed both stories. But spending over 60 Bucks on these games is simply 2 much.+++Nice GameplayI had about 20 hours of gameplayStory is appealingCharacters are well thought---The rpg elements take some time to get used toThe fights tend to get genericNo choice on the main character
76561198013375367,Recommended,314830,30011571,Posted: 18 February,all,IpM,Nice but short game. Archers are really OP in this game.
,Not Recommended,314830,16231278,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Zengineer,"Little strategy, impossible tactics.If you play this game you will most likely end up searching for help. Unfortunately besides some barely helpful secrets that are only found through repeatedly losing a battle there isn't much help to be found. The strategy in this game doesn't occur when playing offense. You are almost always forced to join the battle in a small area which is usually directly opposite the enemy. The enemy can start anywhere and with the frequently appearing “Insectoid” enemy they can fly anywhere. Most of the battles have the player at a statistical disadvantage on a unit “level” basis. When enemies are below your level you'll find yourself killing them quickly anyhow but even with enemies you can kill in one hit the biggest tactic the game uses is to throw an unlimited number of enemies at you while giving you a limited objective. That objective is often to make it to the other side of the map while flipping switches or destroying objects to open the path. When there are an unlimited number of units the game becomes a “Traffic Jam” RPG. How do you take your characters from point A to point B past an infinite number of enemies who outrank you? The answer is simple. You lose until the game spawns enemies in a particular pattern that allows you to make it through.When strategy does appear it is while playing defense. Defense seems to just be in the game to artificially extend the length of the game. You choose where to place a limited number of traps in set locations and you are forced to choose a limited number of units in set locations. The only time you'll lose a defensive battle is when the game simply throws a large number of enemy units at you. The game can send more units at seemingly any time even when on defense.The “Hell Organs” used to play “Melodies” to control “Creations” are almost useless. They require the enemy player to be completely inside a circle drawn on the battlefield while the player uses the Hell Organ to play a Melody. At the start of the game if you are lucky enough for these conditions to occur you can switch the enemy over to your side. Sadly as the game progresses you are required to beat specific bosses, often a multi-stage battle, in order to play a melody. As said before the “Insectoid” enemy appears in almost every battle. However the “Insectoid” boss is pretty much the last “Creator” boss you'll face so controlling them beyond the first few stages is impossible.The character progression is the same as in the first Blackguards game. The only improvement on the first game seems to be that they allow you to unlock special abilities and spells at anytime between stages. I've been using the term stages because some stages can be one battle or they can be three. Specialization is the key to winning when building a character, especially for spell casters. As skills progress they cost more and more, even with arbitrary boosts in the cost of improving weapon skills such as the cost of going from skill level 99 to 100 being hundreds of points more than the previous cost.It comes as no surprise that there is little choice in the story of the game given that there is little choice while playing. This is not a classic Tolkien based RPG. The story itself is original and could have given the player a wide variety of choice. Instead the main choice is whether or not to kill prisoners and at the end whether or not to kill your allies. These choices have little impact on the game and the real impact comes from paying for information from an NPC named “Riz.” The uses of Riz's information helps in future battles and allows you to successfully interrogate prisoners before you decide whether or not to kill them. Saving or killing your prisoners will both hurt you in the end so in my opinion it is better to just kill them all.In the end I was deeply disappointed by Blackguards 2. The first game was promising but this game seems to have been made simply to reuse the core mechanics for the first for profit."
,Not Recommended,314830,20942504,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,|TG| BleedingKnee,It's just like Blackguards 1.  Charging full price for this is an insult.
76561197987228885,Not Recommended,314830,21165260,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,smllllfry,"Started out ok but the battle mechanics could use some work.  would help if you could save during a battle.  battles sometimes took me 20 min to complete and if you click and make a mistake because you can't tell where you are clicking you have to start all over.  Played several strategy games and enjoyed them.  couldn't pass a level on this game even on setting easy.  got fustrated and unistalled.  inventory intterface is also confusing and leaves your fustrated.  overall, with some work, could be a good game.  i would pass on this one"
76561198030725847,Recommended,314830,16582002,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Azunai,"Blackguards 2 is a very solid tactical combat RPG. The quality of the backstory is worth noting - this is not your average ""bunch of good guys save the world"" scenario. The characters are interesting. The combat system is a somewhat streamlined (for the better!) ""The Dark Eye"" ruleset. I liked the changed combat system better than the more TDE based system in Blackguards 1.I recommend this game to anyone who likes fantasy RPG and tactical combat games."
76561198036593566,Not Recommended,314830,24451526,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Eric Digi,"Bought this game for 80% off on the steam sale. Not even worth it for that price.This game is not the same as blackguards 1 as many reviewers have already stated. I stupidely dismissed many of these claims prior to my purchase but I now fully agree with their reviews. The game is simply not fun which is a shame because I think that the tactical combat/gameplay is quite good, RPGs have been made that are similar to blackguards and I would much recommend them instead of this game (Pillars of eternity, Divinity Original Sin, Banner Saga, etc)Save your money and play those RPGs instead"
76561198056541314,Recommended,314830,25893299,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sotnik,"Blackguards 2 contains almost nothing new, but represents an interesting mix of good features of other games: strategic map with mission selection reminding of Warlords Battlecry 3, inter-mission scenes and dialoges recall of Starcraft 2 and tactical battle system similar to Expeditions: Conquistador (I had not played Blackguards 1 prior to its sequel).I liked the game but for new players I would suggest one trick I should have been sticking to from the beginning: set difficulty to easy (unless you adore this combat system)  and - optionally - try to play through without a single failed mission as a compensation for easiness. Easy difficulty will allow you to play missions faster which otherwise consume too much time due to unchangably slow animation. I would not say that battles are boring, however this game is about story, characters, dialogues and strategic choices in the first place - and they are really good; I often had a feeling that battles just distract me from this core part of the game. Moreover, there is no actual character generation and this may drastically decrease ""battle immersion"" and overall interest for some players.As for people who enjoyed Blackguards 1, they may dislike the sequel due to the above-mentioned and overall simplification of tactical mechanics."
76561198042152838,Recommended,314830,25390836,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,jang_sing23,loved it
76561198275569989,Recommended,314830,21045283,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,{Suzy Ice}DarkQueen,pretty good game keep all
76561198040767998,Not Recommended,314830,31868986,Posted: 20 May,all,Yerhum,Being a mage never been so irritating! This game is more like a dlc to first one. It's not a bad game but still annoying on so many levels.
,Recommended,314830,16919013,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dragtar,Heil To Cassia Corapia!!!
,Not Recommended,314830,19467176,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lost Gremlin,"Much better than the previous game, but still contains too much frustrating clunky missions."
,Recommended,314830,17820681,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Grimmblut,"I've finished Blackguards 2 in 22 hours and have played the predecessor, so I'll share my impressions with you.Blackguards 2 is a story-driven RPG with turn-based combat in the medieval fantasy setting of The Dark Eye's Aventuria.Stability and Bugs: 10/10No crashes, bugs or graphic/sound issues during the entire playthrough. Perfect.Balancing: 7/10The battles are much less frustrating than they were in Blackguards 1. That is essentially because there are far less riddles to solve during battles. You can still take advantage of certain map items, like cutting a rope to drop a weight on enemies that stand on the affected tiles, but you don't need to do that to win the battle. I felt that most battles where somewhere between easy and only a little challenging.Character development: 8/10Both in a sense of actual character development (roleplaying-wise) and the ability to level up the traits and equipment of your characters, the game offers a lot of pathes to pursue. Especially your roleplay actions have significant consequences.Story: 8/10The developers found a nice balance between providing information (no walls of text) and letting you immerge in the setting and the feelings of your characters.Summary:A very good game for a fair price."
,Recommended,314830,35360882,Posted: 30 September,all,NeoGeoMVS,good game!
,Recommended,314830,14098306,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,masterbard,"If you were a fan of the original Blackguards, you'll find much to love in the new release. There are beloved  characters (Naurim, Zurbaran, et al.)  making their returns, and an all-new story of politics and revenge.Some of the awkward aspects of the first release have been addressed.Lasting wounds no longer require in-town healers to fix. In the previous game, this was a well-intentioned incentive to play well, but typically turned into a money/time sync. It's gone. Good riddance.While the story still follows a relatively linear arc, the overworld map has many more nodes than before, representing land held by you and your opponent. If you and your armies can overtake these nodes, they unlock valuable bonuses and paths to new dungeons. Be warned, they can also be re-taken by your opponent, forcing you to re-take those nodes.This allows a bit more variety than before. Instead of strictly puzzle-based handcrafted levels, you can now ""grind"" a little bit for XP and fun. This was sorely missed in the original game. It's not a complete solution, but alleviates a lot the pain.The game has been simplified to make it more appealing to the less hardcore tabletop gamers. Skill trees are streamlined and some of the more cryptic stats have been brought in to the light.You will also find levels that can be treated more as a tactical match instead of a puzzle whose trick needs to be figured out. In other words, the previous game had only one or two ""correct"" ways to finish a fight. This restriction has been loosened somewhat - although not to the degree that it should have."
,Not Recommended,314830,23198427,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lepanto_Knight,"Bought this game based on so many positive reviews. I've had good experiences with the turn based genere.But for me - this game is junk. The charachters are painful, overly exaggerated, generic caricatures, the combat is boring, and the dialogue is cringe worthy - most of the time I found it dificult to even care about what they were talking about,Tried to push through to get my money's worth and at least notch up some playtime in a mildly enjoyable way. But it just felt like too much of a chore to continue. Deleted the game from my hard drive instead."
76561197978780702,Not Recommended,314830,20844519,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Amabilis,"Annoying, frustrating, tiresome, how does a game  manage to be both painfully slow and mindnumbingly boring and yet painfull and miserable? its amazing how they took blackguards one and said 'It might be a bad game but it takes too long for the turd to fload to surface...so now we have blackguards 2, and the turd is visable almost instantly. I have no idea whats going on...am i supposed to be doing a tutorial? if so im not learning anything other than I need to keep my wallet in my pocket. Ive bought both of these nasty little game, more fool me. Would whoever made these tepid uninspired malaise  of a series please look to games like xcom and darkest dungeon, try to learn what makes a game before you make a game.My first review and i have over 500 games on steam, its that disappointing even the lazy gamer gets on his soapbox."
76561198006962063,Not Recommended,314830,14613015,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,nbailey777,This game is far to difficut!!  The balancing of this game sucks pond water.  I wish I could get my money back.  I should have paid more attention to reviews that indicated do NOT buy this game!!
76561197978337815,Not Recommended,314830,25274426,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,CRAGNAR,"All in all, there is a reason this game is nearly 85% off every other week, if not every few weeks."
76561197995889392,Not Recommended,314830,14110383,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,A.C.C. InYoFace!!!,"Well i don't write much reviews on here but this one had to be written. I don't know if they ran out of money and then just released it but this game is pure trash. You might as well call it Blackguards 1.5 because this isn't a sequel, a true sequel, has completely different components and similar ones that people like the first time around. All this is a game with the previous shell and programming just with a new mercenaries and new main character everything else is exactly the same. Not much has changed, and the game is a lot smaller from the original. So if you are interested in wasting 34 Dollars like i did, and feel dissapointed please feel free to buy the game. Otherwise i will not recommend this game despite loving the original."
76561198054852666,Not Recommended,314830,24419878,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Slimdragoon,"This is just as bad as the first game, They reuse a lot of the same stuff from the first bad game.   I really hate how there was no way to respec points in character if you made a mistake. Don't even pick this up on sale."
,Not Recommended,314830,28430939,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Wakko,"Dissapointing.  Confusing storyline, and the entirity of the game is made up of two things: hex battles and reading.  Nothing else but buying equipment.  You kind of guess at the storyline, but it's mostly laid out for you.  Bored after an hour, and I usually love games like this.  Wasteland 2, Endless Legend, Xcom are all vastly superior and a lot more fun."
76561198094089328,Recommended,314830,14152549,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,smoke&3is,"Great game, very interesting battles."
76561198073840894,Recommended,314830,14172472,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Proper,"Too many gamebugs. On one quest, I couldn't place my party members on the battle hexes, combat wouldn't start. Please fix."
76561198035450493,Recommended,314830,26338517,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,JII,One of the best simple strategy games since Xcom. I don't mind it and I fully recommend it. It's not going to replace a baldurs gate type game but its going to keep you busy for about 2 weeks.
76561197995791806,Not Recommended,314830,14185885,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,eric,I really really wanted to like this game.Turn based / RPG / tactical / etc...But... but... it sucks. It's just not fun.This review sums it up for me:http://arcadesushi.com/blackguards-2-review-pc/
,Recommended,314830,23018113,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Not Recommended,314830,16004218,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,It tried its best to be great... It fell a bit short.The core ideas are fun it just isnt as well fleshed out as it should be...:/
,Recommended,314830,22883443,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,systemgod,finally here is something else for sale without anime♥♥♥♥♥♥or zombies..and what the ♥♥♥♥ is that massive group of amateur♥♥♥♥♥♥that all suck 99%.♥♥♥♥ you steam! don't try to sell that♥♥♥♥♥♥to me.This game is very good if you like turnbased strategy.
76561198030718797,Recommended,314830,14113464,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,bah,"When playing the game at 2560x1600 with all video settings turned to high, it's still very obvious in city and camp screens that a lot of things were pre-rendered at lower resolutions.  Things just don't look crisp and it feels like everything is a bit blurred, as if pixel sizes just increased,Fortunately, for many of us, graphics quality is not a super big deal and gameplay is a much bigger deal.  I've been enjoying the tactical combat.  I've only finished a handful of battles on the first try on hard difficulty, and run into a couple that I've decided had to be left for later after I improved some character abilities.The game is enjoyable and I give it a thumbs up."
76561198018350127,Not Recommended,314830,14537248,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,abuster,"Normally I would recommend it, but many already did, and someone has to show the negative points:Visual bugs!CTDs - I got two Gamecrashes so far - I was very unhappy, it happened right after a long battle.there are many things, which could be better, like: Saving your game between two (sometimes three) battles in a row. I know there is an autosave, but I wished to do it manually. Also you cant change your equipment before a battle (if you forget to do so in the camp). If you chose one Hero for a battle where you could just take one, you cant switch afterwards, you can only reload.Have a look at your objectives for the battle you are fighting in atm? Nope.For the Gameplay: Many spells are pretty useless. I use 90% the healing spell. Other spells would be cool, but need to much Astrapoints and keeping your heroes alive is always highest priority.You always do the same damage (except you do a critical hit) - no dicerolls for damage. I know blackguards was fighting with problem, that there was too much random stuff, but always the same damage sucks.No reroll: If you fail to spend your characterpoints carefully, you have to start a new game.Also: No new heroes (so far and I read, there wont be any new heroes like those 3 companions you get at the start).Traps? Those you can carry are pretty senseless. You can only cary up to 4 items... setting traps cost too much time and arent very effective. Better you do damage directly.I got really a lot of one time useable items... too many! Most times I see no urgent reason to use them... thats why I sell it.Blackguards (1) never made me a big fan of those 3 characters and I was very disappointed to meet them again and all 3 were at ""level 1"" again. I understand why, but the story is like: they were super gladiators, best Cassia can get - esp. Takate who should be ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered according to the story, he won everything and now he just wants to die with honour - but they pretty suck.Many possibilites of builds, but in the end you only have your main character to play them. Wanna play Bow? Crossbow? Assassin? and so on... start a new game for every single build. (thou its possible to combine two ""similar""  builds throu the game)Many builds sounds good at first, but its not as it seems: There arent really ""special equipments"" you have to collect, No dungeon crawling, most times you just buy the stuff. If you know what build you want to play, you dont have a big pool of choices to make your build special. Lots of HP, Stamina (or Mana), lot of Regeneration, lot of skills you simply need (its pretty clear, what skills you will have to want for your bowfigher for example). In the end you use always the same 3-5 special attacks.The game is good, the strategy map is a new experience (thou looting and defending with your mercenaries gets much quicklier boring, than the main missions who are kinda different).So these are ONLY negative points, but overall its good! Most of all I just miss the feeling of dungeon crawling which you have, when playing any RPG with Pen and Paper. I think the game wouldnt get boring over time - at the moment, playing it 2 or more times (to play another bulds) would kill me by boringness."
,Not Recommended,314830,25661994,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,mayevski,"Graphics is very average,  the gameplay is very unbalanced (the first fight in the gameplay starts with the prevailing number of enemies attacking from every side - what the f. is this, on Easy game mode?). I am disappointed by having just wasted $7."
,Not Recommended,314830,14212870,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,icecoldbud,missions are too tedious! hold off buying....forever!
76561198029452029,Not Recommended,314830,14259335,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,toriaezu,"Do yourself a favour and do not buy this game. The first part was okish, but this one is just bad.Fights with endless spawning enemies armed with a sometimes very doubtful KI coupled withimho bad characters makes this game very bad."
76561198035971078,Not Recommended,314830,14301436,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Deathly Horror,"Easy, a bit too easy. game does more then hold your hand with the quests, it forces you to fallow its set path."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,314830,24568125,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jack Burton,why the hell did i buy this! lol
,Not Recommended,314830,14090839,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,3DGrunge,"Extremely linear boring slogfest of an adventure game.  Thats right this is not a strategy RPG.  Sure it has some basic elements of the genre but it is nothing more than a boring story that forces you to play as one of the most annoying characters I have ever seen.After an insufferable tutorial you are forced into clunky boring battles.  No choice no nothing.The game is absolute abomination at its current price point.  It is not worth more than five dollars and that is a high price point.Do not be deceived as I was by the games ""features"" in it's discription.  This is not a strategy RPG that allows you to recruit a team and upgrade them how you see fit as you lay waste to your enemies.  No this is an adventure game with a very linear plot and choose your ending story.   Did I mention it has an insufferable forced tutorial that will put you to sleep while you struggle trying to figure out why in the world you can access your inventory in battle but not equip anything.Overall absolute trash of a game, do not buy."
76561198049562649,Not Recommended,314830,14099220,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,最高二号位,"FK this game. DO NOT BUY IT! My 10 hours game time is full of different bugs, some of them even made the game unable to continue The worst game I had ever bought!"
76561198119042364,Not Recommended,314830,14092318,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,NoTofuHere,"Horrible. It likes to crap out a lot...I am having the same issues as most other people that are not recommending the game yet. Though, I'm sure it'd be great once this after mission glitch is fixed.Edit: Now I started it up today and found that my game saved game was deleted...Really? Now I need to waste another 7.2 hours of my time into this? REFUND ME."
76561198029319669,Recommended,314830,20242050,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,n2geoff,"Fantastic story and characters.  Dialog banter is top shelf.  Far exceeds the orignial, but the turn-based aspect could be improved as it is a little slower than I'd like, but the story kept me coming back."
76561198031164145,Not Recommended,314830,20007736,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bacchus169,"I really enjoyed Blackguards 1, but felt this sequel was lacking.  Gameplay mechanics changes I didn't care for, and too much of nameless npcs on your squad.  I want an RPG to be about my party, not disposible npcs I don't care about. If you haven't played Divinity: Origin Sin, do yourself a favor and buy that instead."
76561197976579682,Not Recommended,314830,19792676,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tkul,Blackguards 2 is supposed to be a tactical RPG but it suffers from the fact that the game is often random to the point of impossible.  You will be able to win eventually but it's usually not your tactics or play that leads you to win but rather the RNG eventually falling in your favor.  The first game was ok but I definitely would not recommend this one.
,Recommended,314830,19178424,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,aranoxx,"I havent played this game for a while, but when I did, I had quite a lot of fun.It's a fun turnbased tactical game, not as much fun as I have in Devinity: Original Sin, but still a lot of fun.So I would not hessitate to recommendate this game for my friends and family :)I sure will follow deadalic and see what other fun creations they will come up with in the future :)"
