user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198066578175,Not Recommended,314980,13113949,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BattleSarge,"Before I start, even though I may have a small amount of hours, I have experienced enough of the game mechanics, as I already own SR:CW and SR:2020, and I know how these games work.I have always had fun with this series in the past. And even now, I can enjoy myself playing Supreme Ruler Ultimate... for a while that is. I would love to support the developers at battlegoat. I really would. However this game has so many large issues that NEED fixing, yet since I discovered this game 2 months ago. Nothing has changed.First off, the AI is much better than the previous titles. So I will praise Battlegoat for that. However the negatives outweigh the positives in this game.The economy has always been a massive factor in Supreme Ruler games. And that is why it must be done right. But in this game, the economy is done poorly. Instead of fresh water (which is a necessity for any poputation) they replaced it with rubber. RUBBER! The only natural rubber resources are in 3rd world countries. Perhaps this is supposed to be balance. But it is the worst balancing attempt I have ever seen. Also, the bond system people requested to return from SR:2020, was not brought back despite the communtiy requesting it. (The bond system allowed you to manually take out new bonds or pay off debt) Now, this new debt system works in Supreme Ruler Cold War (not sure about 1936). But not this game. It is SO broken, that when a minister takes out a loan, it translates into free money! NO debt is added! Also, in the start dates, nobody has any debt (but I will not continue this complaint as the debt system does not work)At times, you can suddenly start losing hundreds of millions a day for no reason. One day you just made 28 mil, and the next you start losing 100+ mil day after day until you take out a ""free-money"" loan.I, personally think the research system in this game is better than any SR game, with the tech trees, and the 4 different tech races all in one (Race for the Bomb --> Space Race --> Internet Race (race to develop the internet) --> Race to Mars). And this also combines with the military system, by researching units models. However, the WW2 stuff was rushed during the development of SR1936, and it seems the devs made no effort trying to add to this. (Seriously?! ""Tank Designs '39?"") The world war 2 tech is extremely shallow in comparison to the time periods of the Cold War and 2020.And WW2, what a disaster. The Chinese are an unstoppable, filthy rich, military superpower by the time the Japanese invade. (SERIOUSLY?! China wasnt even a country back then!) USSR is weak as hell, and gets annexed by Germany very fast. The USA never joins or trades with the allies, even after they declare war on the axis. Oh, and there is a global shortage of Industry goods. And Consumer Goods get random unexplained shortages as well.However I can have fun with this game, the many errors ruin the experience and immersion.Also, this game is FAR from finished. Most of the errors I have listed have been reported as I have seen. And the developers have said time and time again they will look into and fix these issues. However instead of fixing these issues, they took the game out of early access! This is obviously a BETA product and is not at all ready to be released. Yet they did release the game. And what a massive pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥it has turned out to be....Here is a summaryPros:-Diverse selection of start dates and scenarios-Much improved military AI-Very detailed world (2020 and cold war, not 1936)-Speeds are very good-Diverse technology-Diverse selection of unitsCons:-Same music, tends to get annoying with the same song over and over-The AI likes to turn the world into a massive love fest during the 2020 scenario. Allying random nations across the world, and barely starting wars-Economy is too broken to even be considered functional-Weather system does not actually do anything-World war 2 is terribly thrown together-USA and China are mega-superpowers during WW2?-Replacing Fresh Water with Rubber makes no sense-A nation with full friendly relations with you will often refuse to make any diplomatic deals with you (other than trading items for items/money)-The sphere of influence makes sense during Cold War, and kinda during 1936. But the whole sphere thing during 2020 makes NO sense, and will end up in ruining relations with other nations.-AI does not seem to react to you conquering neighbours, unlike in Cold War and 2020-Random shortages of resources that make no sense-Soundtrack recycled from other Supreme ruler gamesAll in all, i give this game a 6/10. Do not buy this game. It is not worth it, as the developers have released a beta product, and neglected to fix the game.To shut people up: SOME of these things have been fixed, however I still do not reccomend the game to anyone"
76561198007572192,Not Recommended,314980,12611874,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Toxsic,"This is the last time I will purchase from this developer.  I want to support games like this ...because it plays so close to what I like in games.My preference is sandbox mode and this game is such a non event when you play this setting.  How can I interact with a virtual world that does little if anything to connect me to it.PRO: This will satisfy your desire to conquer the world.CONS: Same thing lacking here as in other Supreme Ruler games, there is nothing that invests you into this virtual world.If you are waiting for your virtual world to make sense, not going to happen.  You are just going to wait until China or Russia attack (ie. If you are a NATO country) and then decide how long before you counter attack.  The AI will make you walk to Moscow or Bejing because it won't know to accept a peace deal at its borders once you have removed them from occupying a foriegn territory.Esentially the same game you have already in your Steam account .. just some different paint.Save your money, wait for a sale.Message to developer - Please work on how the AI (other countries) work against or with you.  Never does a player feel connected to this world.  Perhaps more in game messages, maybe International news or something that highlights what is occuring in the virtual world.  Human players are way too disconnected from the rest of the AI to feel connected to the experience that we are ALL hoping for.  How are the players suppose to get a sense of the international community?  Everything a player does is reactive to the virtual environement with no real chance to be proactive.  It would be nice to know that China is focusing on certain countries or regions ... maybe I send over an aircraft carrier to send a message that may influence China ... one way or another.If you develop any other games (and I hope you do) I will be waiting for reviews before supporting it.I have bought them all ... but no more.T.PS. I am a big fan, I just want more of an experience."
,Recommended,314980,12213240,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Nitrous Oxide,"Supreme Ruler... ah, where do I even begin? Have you ever wanted to conquer the world? Build an empire to rival the British? Watch your nation prosper (or fail) under your command?This is as good as it gets folks.SR is a geopolitical grand strategy game set in the modern era, best described as a unique mix of Civilization and Risk. Play as any nation in six different sandbox campaign maps, or try your luck playing as one of the world superpowers through World War 2 or the Cold War (and beyond!).You control your nation's military, logistics, finances, resources, infrastructure, diplomacy, and espionage while competing to spread your influence around the globe. If that sounds overwhelming, and trust me it probably is at first, your AI cabinet ministers can help manage some of those aspects for you (or with you).There are hundreds of real-life units to research and build, and a whole range of futuristic-inspired units and technologies to expand games well beyond the year 2070.A few minor issues here and there, though nothing game-breaking (and if there is, they're pretty good about patching)... I've found hundreds of hours of enjoyment from this series, and I feel like I've just scratched the surface. That being said, the diplomacy is a bit simplistic, the economy is frustrating (well, that's probably not BG's fault), the AI has momentary fatal lapses of judgment, naval combat and pathing need a bit more work, and some things just generally feel unimportant and neglected (like aircraft carriers, but probably because the AI doesn't know what to do with them)...All in all, this is an incredible sandbox game. It's extremely moddable (though tedious unless we get some proper mod tools), and there's a ton of settings to play around with and victory conditions to play on.The choice is up to you, do you want to follow history as closely as possible, or completely rewrite it?"
76561197972624043,Recommended,314980,12147840,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Maxe,"I haven't played any Supreme Ruler game before but even for a noob like me this is a good game and very polished for early access. If you enjoyed global strategy in the veins of Paradox grand strategy titles (Crusader Kings 2, Europa Universalis 4) you'll love this. You can play different campaigns starting with Nazi-Germany in 1936, US or Soviet Union in the Cold War era, up to the bleak post-nuclear future in 2020. In addiditon, you can take control of any country you like in Sandbox mode and try to shape the future.Just like with all the other grand strategy titles you love, your possibilities are amlost endless and the tutorials are barebones at least, so you will have to be willing to learn a lot by trial and error, but due to effective automization options your country will not disintegrate just because you don't know what you're doing. Simply delegate tasks you don't want to handle to your ministers and you can focus on the things you want.From what I've played so far I am really enjoying myself. The only issue I had was during the Germany campaign, when I attacked Poland, the allies did not declare war on me. This might be a bug - or alternative history in the making. Anyways, I enjoyed playing out what this alternative scenario means for Europe and the world."
76561198028154218,Not Recommended,314980,15501561,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"I actually like this game, but there are some serious problems and flaws that need to be addressed. Not the greatest but definitely one of the best in it's genre.1. Performance issue. I have a high end pc with 16 gb ram and i7 processor but after several minutes of playing the game always gets slow and becomes UNPLAYABLE. I have Supreme Ruler Cold War (SRCW), SRCW does have performance issue as well but it's less severe compared to Supreme Ruler ultimate. This needs to be fixed asap.2. You cant choose to annex particular regions that you want. In March of The Eagles you have the ability to choose particular regions that you want to annex after defeating enemy nation which is absolutely a great feature.3. Auto annex territory after liberating or colonizing a country with certain regions that arent loyal to the country you conquered. This may confuses people who havent played the game, but for those who have played the game long enough will understand what i mean. Its pretty annoying that when i play as Soviet Union and liberated Turkey, region of kurdistan gets annexed automatically by USSR, my USSR does not need nor want kurdistan region and it messes up the map. It certainly looks ugly.4. Spreading your ideology (either Communism or Democracy) with nations other than Soviet Union (for communism) and USA (for democracy) is impossible. For example if you play as Cuba with communism ideology and spread your communism ideology to neighbouring countries will not make those countries join the warsaw pact sphere of influence. In every sandbox game i play, NATO will always dominate Soviet Union no matter what. I think they either need to add spreading ideology as another nation feature or add an option which alliance (NATO or Warsaw Pact) that will dominate in the game, neutral or balanced alliance option would also be a nice feature."
,Recommended,314980,17904217,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Qwerty 2316,"This is one of those times I started playing a game and was mad I hadn't heard of it before. It really does deserve a much larger fanbase. Anyway, it is an awesome game with a very small, but dedicated team.Pros-Much larger unit base than any other comparable game. You know how Civ gives you a few units for each era? Well, this gives you hundreds, if not thousands.-Intensive combat system. Models many of the intricacies of war, inclusing missiles, a detailed supply system, and many more things missed in other grand strategy games.-Detailed economy. Models a decent variety of resources, all with profitabilities that fluctuate as supply and demand change, as well as your own country's internal economic factors such as inflation, unemployment, and infrastructure,-Large amount of researchable techs. This game offers a very large and detailed tech tree that has a wide variety of effects on your nation.-AI allocation. While this game has a steep learning curve, the game offers AI advisors that can pretty much run your nation for you. Their actions are hardly ever ideal, but it really helps when you are still learning.-AI military difficulty settings. This is really something I have to applaud them for, as it is the ideal for how such a system should work. When you change the difficulty up a level, you are not giving the AI units a stat boost, instead you unlock more tactics for the AI to use. On easy, they do little besides charge your positions. However, on the harder difficulty levels, the AI can pull off challenging strategic manuevers.-And many more awesome things!Cons:-With the huge variety of units, there is a noticable amount that use ill-fitting models. For instance, the US marines will use AKs and Strykers use the LAV model.-Some military aspects are imperfect. Aircraft squadrons receive aircraft to replace lost ones, and since destroying an entire squadron in one go is difficult, you will occasionally run into situations where the enemy army is destroyed, but you cannot move up due to the concentration of enemy aircraft. This also occurs with artillery, but to a lesser degree and for a different reason.-The biggest gripe I have is the diplomacy system. My biggest problem with the system is that when a coup happens in a country you previously liked, your populace continues to like it. While you might want to attack it and reinstate the old government, you cannot without taking huge amounts of grief from your populace. The problem extends to when you liberate a country. You can rarely seek treaties with them because all of the civilians in both countries still hate the other.Ultimately, while the game has quite a few bugs, I am willing to forgive it. The (sometimes serious) problems are simply a side effect of having a detailed and complex game.It is flipping awesome, and if you like EU4 like games, then you will most likely love this.Edit:This game has been getting bad reviews due to a recent update, which practically broke diplomacy. Hopefully it will be fixed soon, because this is a great game."
76561198030733621,Not Recommended,314980,12916252,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cyrus Deacon,"This game is so deep and complex that it took me over 200 hours to figure out some huge flaws with it. It is a good game, but for the most part I do not recommend it, and here is why.Lack of a real manual. The in game tutorial is badly done, and the manual they give you doesnt explain much. This game is complex and needs to come with at least a 100 page manual. Remember the manual in civ 3? 220 pages? I think the manual with this game is about 50 pages. And this game is more ""complex"". So you are flying in the dark. Your biggest friends will be forums and google, which don't really address the issues because well... Nobody knows. There is a lot of ""Lets try this and see what works"". This is the biggest problem with the game. Too much is an unknown. Even after 200 hours. Don't get me wrong. I now know how to play this game to a large degree. But am still unsure about a lot of other things. I have played very hard games with steep learning curves. The learning curve of this game is not the issue. I mean the game doesnt even have a tech tree. WTF! Their are 800 techs and there is no tech tree? Not even on google. It doesnt exist as of 11-12-2014. Their are some little player done tech trees but they dont address most of the techs before age 2020.I give it a 6/10. This game would be a 8/10 if there was a REAL manual. So infuriating.Oh yea, I got a response from someone from Battlegoat Studios about why there is no tech tree. His answer is that it would be hard to make..... So there is that...."
,Recommended,314980,12488637,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"Review for current version 10/13/14. ver: 8.2.18. Battlegoat Studios featuring a realtime Geo-Political strategy game with pause / play action in single player. With the inclusion of all previous titles sandbox games, campains, and scenerios. This game does have it all, you can acess it all from Missle Defense Sattelites to Strategic Warfare ( NUKES :). Plan your strategy, choose your allys, pick your enemys, Revive forgotten / exiled nations, Liberate europe, Research techs started from the years 1900 to 2070, Become allied allligned or axis, create your role in your play. All and all they've done it right. Timeless game here, countless hours of playtime, although you should keep track so you dont lose track of time!3/19/2015most hated past technical issues.. fixed.-Loans fixed - you can take out and payback loans now as of december-Previously randomly losing money? -  could've been the income report bug that was fixed.-Weather system does have an effect on battles, troop movement speed, moral, efficiency.-Battle Goats decision going to rubber from water influence you to much, the turnaround is very good, as everyone in earth needs rubber to fight war.-The world war 2 campaigns are great..their  alot of historically accurate events.-Another isssue people had, you had to play with spheres ( axis / allied ) you can now turn that option off/on.-You can change up your map settings before starting your game to randomize the volatility of the map.-With my hours playing this game, 36' economy becomes an issue in the game but only while playing 36 campaign. Later down the road in the 45-49's if you dont build up oil derreks then the world goes dry of oil.Now speaking for cold war about the economy, that is soo balanced you can play it for a long time without running into issues, but you might have to build up some rubber as way down the road in 80s you notice rubber becoming needed..now the 2020, nothing needed in the world, market is suppressed with all goods, ready for some fighting..All and all the game has improved from alpha, and i've been through all its hurdles and issues, its come a long way to becoming the Ultimate Supremre Ruler.Since the start of the game, every 6 weeks the developers updated the game they're working on, balacing, and fine tuning their game, it's only going to get better from here.- Common major issues right now Multiplayer De-sync after 20-30 minutes of play."
76561197994810473,Recommended,314980,28929861,Posted: 1 January,all,Ritzgit,"I've been playing this series since Supreme Ruler 2020. Since that time I have had 5 aggravating problems with these games.1. The difficulty of moving infantry to other continents or islands.2. An inability to decide how to generally tweak the AI behavior.3. An inability to change the name of my country.4. Performance issues affecting the late game (like queueing military builds or the whole map slowing down when there are more than 2-3k total units in the map).5. Engagement behavior (usually resulting on England being at war with everyone but being untouchable by everyone but the player).Now after all the series releases and now all of the patches applied here's what they did with each one.1. Move the troops to a port and give them the sea transport command and they will turn into merchant marine ships and go where you want them to go. If the troops are amphibious, they will land wherever you want.Problem Fixed!2. One of the most recent patches allows you to choose AI behaviors such as ""Unpredictable"", ""Aggressive"", and ""Defensive"". Aggressive mode exactly what I always wanted.Problem Fixed3. You can do this now.Problem Fixed4. While this problem isn't fixed, it may be unrealistic to expect anything but a faster CPU to solve this. That being said, running a lean and mean military is usually the best way to go economically speaking.5. Engagement behavior is now improved enough that I generally trust the AI to run my military for me in most situations. It's also advanced enough that the AI countries fighting among themselves is interesting to watch. While the England issue is still somewhat the case, I do see that sometimes the right conditions are met for an aggressor to ""chase"" across the chunnel. I do think that AI sea invasions could be improved, but they work a considerable amount better than they used to. The only flaw I'm still seeing, is that in aggression a neighboring island is not considered a neighbor enough to trigger a war declaration.Problem mostly fixedAs for the game in general, the main selling feature of this title is its Dynamic Border/Supply System. Borders fluctuate in war based on who is providing the stronger supply to a specific hex in the game. Supply being fed by transportation routes and supply spouts (air fields, supply depots, industry, cities, ports). Troops may capture territory but it is lost if there is no supply to it. The troops themselves rely on supplies and will become immobile without it.It doesn't sound like much but this concept is what has attracted me to this series for years and its only real downside is that it sometimes results in border gore (whose only fix is to declare war on the country in the other side of the border gore).The Economic system is not simple, but also not particularly hard to get used to. Certain goods are for industrial demand, certain others are for domestic (some for both). The tax system and the societal spending system affect all of the economy in several different ways (this is the part of the economic system that can be difficult to grasp). Though the game, manual, and website try to explain how these factors affect things, some of the explanations are lacking. So some guess work is in order.The game has an Espionage system, though I honestly rarely use it. When I do use it, it is simple and straightforward. You give the spies a mission and priority and place them on the enemy hex you want them to do their stuff. They will either succeed or get captured.The military system is simple on the surface. You fill your production slots with whatever you want built, and it gets built when it's production run ends. However, there are a lot of specific details which are good to learn quickly. For example, which infantry are amphibious, what the fuel range is on a transport plane, and whether one tank type is likelier to survive anti-tank than another. The game can be forgiving in this respect. There's also a manpower mechanic in the way of ""reserve troops"" that puts both a foundation and a cap on the maximum war power you can field.There's also a weather system, but I never quite got what the deal is with that.Overall, I highly recommend this game to strategy/grand strategy fans with decently powerful CPUs (Sandy Bridge and later on Intel side and the new Ryzen chips on the AMD side)."
,Recommended,314980,12141543,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ReatKay,"Probably the title of the series feeling most ""complete"" - even in early access - as it features all the sandbox settings from previous supreme ruler titles aswel as mixing up the different elements from the titles.I'm gonna add up some more details after playing longer"
,Recommended,314980,25992192,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Viper151,"I once played board games like Third Reich, and Battle of the Bulge when I was a child, but now this game turned my childhood games into a virtual reality.Pros:+ No end limit (WW2: 1936-Infinite) (Cold War: 1949-Infinite) (Trump Rising: 2017-Infinite) (World: 2020-Infinite)+ No max unit count+ Rich true history and events.+ The game is NOT a turn based game+ Hundreds if not a thounsand of unique units+ Very rich technology research tree+ Has cheats if your terrible at the single player games+ Every country in the game is playable, with the possiblity of taking over the world.+ Very interesting modding capabilities (Such as reviving all of Kurdistan, combining both Germanys durring the cold war, and even changing flags)Cons:- Minor game bugs that affect gameplay (Such as ships being stuck in the Caspian sea until you send them to a port nearby)- Multiplayer is very buggy (Usually a third party game networking system is required, such as Tunngle, Evolve, Hamachi, or Game Ranger)- Game saves have a slight chance of corruption (Backup your saves)- Hard to learn to play at first, but becomes clear after a while once you understand the controlsOverall, this game will blow you away if your a big History/Strategy fan who just happens to play computer games."
,Recommended,314980,12924801,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Angry Toaster,"So im in a bit of a mixed mind about Ultimate.Supreme Ruler Ultimate basically takes all the previous games and rolls them into one, but flaws up in doing that.Playing Sandbox in 2020 doesnt feel like the old SR2020 game which it should, the old conflicts arent there and its quite boring overall with nothing going on until I spark off wars and even then its just me blowing up some poor bugger that I happened to want to destroy.However it does look better then the older games, it uses the SR1936 engine and graphics which makes it much prettier then the old games like Cold War and SR2020 and 2010. The interface is complicated at first but easy to get used to and the Campaign and Scenario modes offer a lot of cool ideas and ""story"".All in all its competent and I would reccommend it but it just leaves me wanting a more exciting Sandbox mode where everyones trying to tear everyone elses head off.I do voice a bit more on my Youtube channel on the game (as well as previous games in the series)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB7oH0JlWiE7hAW_ugErlbQ"
76561198128153462,Recommended,314980,14820433,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,cameron871,"What can I say about supreme ruler ultimate.It's such an awesome idea that combines some of the best mechanics from other games and crams it into a massive bundle of awesome customisable in depth detailed and destructive fun.  I have always like grand strategy within the modern eras of warfare.  Commanding soldiers has always been fun but with previous games I found them very restrictive.  Normally just giving you command of a squad or a putting you in one battle was just too restricting.  I want to command my nation send it off to wars I plan for.  Go against nations I want to fight and do it through the 30s to 2000s.  Well that game is this one.First off if your a fan of say total war but it now.  The map follows a very similar feel to total war with supply lines, economy maniging and building production.  There's even research that unlocks units although it's not a tree which would have been better to know what you should research when.  Unlike total war though the map is larger and it takes place within real time.  Politics in the game is fun when all nations hate you for building your empire.  Hell if you wanted you could play the game without any war but what fun is that.  Seeing hour defences on borders and battle lines is Aldo a lot of fun and there is a ton of opportunity for strategy.  Planning invasions is crucial, you need to know the land you plan to take and where best to fight, assault and land.  It's such an immersive game.But does it have its problems. Well yes.  For example the game can sometimes grind to a slow pace as you build up more troops for a new invasion or if you plan to go peacefully for a while it can get little dull. Even on fastest game speed (which I highly recommend you play on once you knows what your doing) the game can be a little slow I'll sometimes just let it play while I go off and make lunch waiting for my new marines to be ready.  Also some problems occur with amphibious units disembarking on island and getting stuck there forever which is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  Also there is quite a learning curve and the tutorial is not as detailed as it should be.However for all the bad the game shines on.  I highly recommend getting this game it is such a fun experience being the command on high over a nation building it up to be the next superpower.  Oh and before I forget.  All nations from 1936 are playable.  Enjoy"
,Not Recommended,314980,30961685,Posted: 5 April,all,Dr. Strangelove,"SummaryThis game has a lot of potential but unfortunately I must count it as broken. AI is laughable, especially when it comes to naval warfare and diplomacy. There are MANY bugs, which won't cause CTD but will break your game if you want it to make any logical sense. Economy doesn't really resemble real one and GDP will rise and fall very unrealistically. I will say it clearly and in capital letters - DON'T BUY. Buy Hearts of Iron instead.1936 Scenario1936 sandbox and campaign are particularly broken and quite frankly unplayable. There is no Spanish Civil War, technologies are not great by any standards, Japan will declare war against USSR no matter what, and get squashed like a bug, China is way OP - it smashes Japan in months, naval warfare is really bad (AI has no idea what to do) and generally it is really bad when compared to Hearts of Iron games or ones by Matrix Games. War in Ethiopia is a nice touch. AI will immediately move most of its forces to mainland Italy and attack Ethiopians with several thousand men only to be predictably slaughtered. Ethiopia was still alive and well throughout the entire war. Diplomacy is great and both Bulgaria and Finland, German allies during the war, are hostile towards you since the beginning. Why? Your guesses are as good as mine.Maginot line is really easy to pass through so there is no need to go through Belgium.I really love pathfinding in this one. Panama army ends up in Austria, Ethopian in Denmark, French and Turkish in Poland, and more. Good job.Cold WarCold War sandbox is much better, but even then, barely good. AI is rather poor, there are many historical units missing, and again, a lot of bugs. Pathfinding is terrible too. Thousands of French and British ships carrying troops going to Vietnam will try to move through Leningrad and Ladoga Lake and get slaughtered. Problem will end if you will win the Vietnam War and they won't need to transport them anymore.Alignment mechanics are broken too. Switzerland will immediately become Warsaw Pact aligned despite being allied with me, and generally alliances seemingly don't count when the game calculates alignment, only diplomatic deals related to trade do so the only way to sway it during the Cold War is to give them money and very favorable deals.Modern ScenariosPerhaps the least broken, but all of the above applies. Economy is still broken, AI is laughable, and setting is blah when compared to previously mentioned ones."
76561198028432982,Recommended,314980,32787419,Posted: 25 June,all,#drakula,"I am a long time Steam player, and own several hundred games.I will be honest, I've played the prior titles in this series. They were, and always have been, quality games so far as the engine is concerned - especially due to their ever committed update staff.Albeit, prior to this title...I dispised the UI. It felt clunky, mid-00's, like the face of a game that was never quite complete.In this game, they fixed that. In this game, they have brought their series - finally - main stream.Borrowing a page from Paradox, they updated their UI.The game is now playable by the unwashed masses, and has earned its place away from those of us elite enough to consider ourselves 4x experts...while not alienating us."
76561198041649379,Recommended,314980,34043360,Posted: 5 August,all,Sigmund,"The best Strategic wargame.  A very sophiscated economic simulation, no other game simulates economy as well as Supreme Ruler.You can set the level of:- 8 types of taxes (Low Income, High income, Corporate, Small business, Sales tax, unemployment tax, Property tax, pension tax)- 8 types of social spending (Health care, Education, Infrastructure, Environment, Family Subsidy, Law enforcement, Cultural Subsidy and Social Assistance)Manage (Build and set the price of)- 11 types of resources (Food, Rubber, Timber, Oil, Coal, Metal, Uranium, Electric Power, Consumer Goods, Industrial Goods and Military Goods.These can be built anywhere on the map, so long there is a resource node, (for example you need oil on a hex in order to build oil wells there.)You can also build Roads and Railroads, which help spread SUPPLY, a unique concept to Supreme Ruler. The more supply you have in an area, the more the area produces, and the faster military units are resupplied and reinforced.A very big list of research technologies and advancements that improve your country or give it an edge militarily.So, besides managing the economy, what can you do?Well there's literally thousands of unit types, each with their own attributes, combat values, maintenance cost (which increases with inflation).You don't need to be a warmonger if you don't want to, you can just be peace loving ruler who sends foreign aid, and justtries to raise the countries GDP/capita as high as you can.Diplomatic options are many,  from being able to purschase unit designs specific to other nations, to trade resources,  technology and even make treaties and alliances.I have played many strategic games, and no game ever offered me the amount of diplomatic options as Supreme Ruler.Supreme ruler is THE strategic wargame.  nothing comes close.The sandbox settings included in Supreme Ruler Ultimate are:- World war 2- Cold War- 2017 (Trump Rising)- 2020You can play any country in the world.There's also shorter scenarios, and campaigns with objectives.The game engine allows for a huge amount of military units on the map (i can't think of other game with as high unit count as Supreme Ruler), all the while running fast and stable. The game is incredibly stable, no crashes or annoying bugs.Lastly, the developers are wonderful people who created an awesome game and they are very friendly with the player community and interact on the discussion forums.They could have easily turned this game into a DLC-fest but instead they sell the game  for an extremely reasonable priceconsider it's vast content and complexity. They even provided ""Trump Rising""(2017) for free.Highly recommended if you're into strategy."
76561198057205054,Not Recommended,314980,14011232,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,monkeyboy,"Lets say it that way: its a nice game, but still with bugs, lots of inacurracy in how things should work, and at least questionable functionality of the AI.For example one of my main reasons for getting the game, was i could start all the way down in 1936.... But once u play the game, things like stupidly moving or even worse inactive units of allies are simply totally useless...eg. Ethiopia - Italy has tons of units but half of them not moving (and no they are not out of supplies) - so Italy is not getting anywhere down there for some years (I mean the history books show quite clearly with all Italian problems they had, it was a conquest of an uncivilized nation) - and Italy mainland would have all kinds of units for use but they r left motionless where they were deployedanother one: Japan - losing just a few months after they!!! declared war on China - they loose Manchuria and Korea - and same thing here again its like Japan has a underdevolped tiny army and the mighty and modern Chinese Army is finishing them off in ""days"".... (once more history books? or at least accurately balanced forces...) And of course japan mainland keeps heeps of units instead of maybe throwing some into battle... (once i gave them nearly half of the German army for free - and yet still they loose against China!!!)The diplomatic system is at least questionable, so even if u influence other goverments (or the opposition) not much is happening, and even some potential allies dont change to ur side... no matter what ever presents u throw at them...So all in all nice concept - bad implementation at least AI-wise....  Until they fix things - Go for Hearts of Iron 2 or 3, complexity is similar, much better AI and even though they keep the historical line quite good, u still can change things quite beliveable (when walking down different paths of history)."
76561198012711922,Recommended,314980,20120134,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Captiva,"I have bought every one of the supreme ruler games since the original 2020. I have mentioned in a review for another SR game that I am unhappy with the way Battlegoat has handled new versions of the game (selling them as whole new games) because this game is basically just an updated version of SR 2020, SR CW, SR 1936, combined into one.That said, If you have played any of the older versions, then you will certainly find this one to be the better experience. Anyone new to the series would also want to pick this one up too as there is little point in buying any of the older games in the SR series.I have found this game to be a very good Geopolitical/Military (more focus on military) simulator. It does have a steep learning curve, but when you figure it out, it is an amazing game for its scope and scale.You can simulate yourself into the leadership position of any country in the world. You manage military, economics, research, and diplomacy.The version of the game has many new and very much needed features from prior versions added. Being able to delete all the pop ups from one catagory in a single click rather then tediously one by one, as well as being able to easily select which units you want from a stack by simply holding left ctrl and clicking. Renaming your county, units and even cities new or old is a nice touch as well.They Ai is seemingly much more intelligent in this version. They are actually reserving units they are not using and actively invading by sea, aggressivly and effectively this time.Politics is hit or miss. The Ai seems to be doing a much better job making wars and alliances regional and relevant, rather then across the globe and logistically infeasible. I have also seen them make a cease fire agreement. Which I cannot recall happing much if ever in prior games. Aliiances are still a odd ball in the series. The AI wants a ton of them for some reason, but they do not include mutual defense like you would think.The game does still have some issues, but it is a fun game either way. The worst issue I have noticed that hasnt been fixed yet is the merchant marines just willy nilly floating to their deaths. The Ai should recognize when its military is being sunk to the bottom of the ocean, but they dont seem to mind sending their entire army to its death.If planning invasions and military operations on land or sea or across oceans is your thing, as well as organizing and commanding the operations, then you will probably enjoy this game. It has ministers to help you out while you get started, but I find the true fun to be in doing it myself.I picked it up on sale cheap for less then 10 bucks. At that price it is a good deal. If you dont want to pay full price, keep an eye on it for a good sale downt he road.Have a question? Ask and I will try and help in the comments."
76561198003524014,Recommended,314980,14378961,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MavAriK,"Good in depth game if you are wanting to take over the world. MAny units and techs to discover.Yes, the ai has a few issues but overall the game is very enjoyable and burns many hours away quickly."
,Recommended,314980,25047441,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ShaunRespawn,This game is one of a kind! If you are into complex political/combat strategy games this game is perfect. No other game on the market can give you an experience like this game.
76561198018162096,Recommended,314980,13273027,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Brother Ray,"This game has some obvious problems. It has been in full release for some time, but there are some campaign mechanics and events missing like the civil war in China which leads to Japan's rapid defeat before the second world war proper begins. That said, the devs are very responsive to these issues and release regular updates.So why is this a yes rather than no? Unfortunatley very few grand strategy games of this scope and nature are made. Other than Paradox (who published previous Supreme Rulers), Battle Goat are the only company active in this genre other than even smaller companies making smaller and more focused titles.In terms of mechanics, the military units are well researched and there are many hundreds of designs to develop. Research stetches from the 1930s and past hypothetical future technoligies. Politics and diplomacy have been fleshed out with the ability to diplomatically annex colonies as well as liberating dead regions (unfortunately you can't liberate them as a colony). A faction system has also been introduced to model the Axis and Allies as well as NATO and Warsaw Pact. Economics is largely the same as previous titles, except water has been replaced with rubber with adds another strategic consideration which will become apparent during large scale warfare.One final warning is that you need a decent rig to run it. I only have one computer to test it on but I believe you need a decent amount of RAM and pretty powerful CPU to handle the thousands of simultaneous calculations done by the AI. The devs have improved game speed since the last games but with my i7 2.7Ghz quad core (admittedly six odd years old now) the game slows down noticably after a decade. Still playable but requires patience. If your CPU is any less powerful I would do more research before buying."
76561197989074930,Recommended,314980,34643811,Posted: 31 August,all,JLixxx 3.0,"I've got well over 3,000 hours logged (plenty of overnights letting the clock run :P )  in this series over 10+years and have forever and always recommended it to anyone who enjoys and RTS or turn based strategy (unfortunately my buddies arent as hardcore on the time commitment to playing a game for even a decade, as well as the learning curve), and will support these developers and this series hopefully as long as its produced.Its been called an imcomplete game with alot of game breaking issues in regards to the AI, and lack of the proper multiplayer access has effected popularity, This game offers far more than any other strategy available, and on a level that truly satisfies the history buff's imaginations and creativity.Calling this game incomplete is true though, as it is and will be constantly updated and developed and built upon until kinks get worked out (some just have taken darn near 10 years, and others still persist), and I believe those issues will get resolved.I can't wait to see where the series has us in 10 more years! Cheers Fellas!"
,Recommended,314980,12998838,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,StålFjord,"It has really good gameplay.PROS-Can Release annexed nations-Can Liberate nations-Can colonize nations-Can annex nations(Avalable in all SR games)-Bigger time line and tech tree.-Updated SR2020 Scenarios(Added new nations, changed flags, updated govt types.-to much to tellCONS-Can be a little bit laggy-Multiplayer not fully finished(They are planning on finnishing it soon I believe)-Economy needs to be fixed."
76561198318126979,Recommended,314980,29432301,Posted: 22 January,all,thegodsendgamer,"Honestly, I love this game, its so. . . perfect.  For years I have been looking for a war game that actually lets you conquer land like this and be a warlord, and now I can.  I just wish the graphics were better, and this game is hard to learn, definitely not for beginners as I have well over 50 hours and I am still learning and improving.  It also needs mod/workshop support!"
76561198035984763,Recommended,314980,12545270,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,[EVO] Dan,"Really good game, I've been with the Series since SR2010 and the strides since then have been MASSIVE! I'm really happy they have brought over some of the old sandboxes as I've really missed them (such as Global Crisis) and really wanted to use the new features with them."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,314980,31137343,Posted: 14 April,all,stuguy909,"I like the game.  Though I cannot recommend it to friends.  I am a Supreme Ruler junky.  I have clocked hundreds of hours on the old 2020 DvD rom copy, and I have bought the game from multiple online vendors and even hard copies.  None of my friends have ever taken a liking to this title, but I am a strategy junky, and I love geo-politic sims.  Though, this game is more world domination, as politics doesn't really get you anywhere unless you want to tech trade.  I bought Coldwar and 1936, and bought ultimate because I really wanted to see the battle goats shine by optimizing this game and allowing me to play in all eras of SR in one neat package.So in a nutshell, it's a real time strategy game that has moveable units like command & conquer, but nation and diplomatic elements like...well, watered down Civ.  It's base on real earth and real nations, and you can pick any nation you want, from any supported era of your choice, WW2, Coldwar, future.  You can build unit construction buildings, and resource collection buildings on resource tiles.  Create battle groups, and give orders via very clunky and unintuitive UI.  There is a resource economy, and money is time.  Your debt, or ability to acrue debt, inflation, or even positive treasury effects how fast you can build things and muster units.  Moving large amounts of units is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and planning invasions is a chore.  It's easier to just take a beach head and turn on AI manager and let him zerg the enemy for you.  Though I still enjoy the game from time to time, because it is a neat world domination game and not a lot of games like it.  It is very niche.So why can't I recommend it?  Well, it runs slow for one.  The AI isn't very good, and once you learn how to play, you can pick just about any country and take over the world, in time.  The economy is confusing for new comers, though is so simple once you get it down.  In fact, once you learn it, it is essentially cookie cutter, but dependent on what resources are available to you.  Basically, if you are a good player, conquering the earth is just a time factor depending on the nation you are starting as.  If you suck at the game, you will get ganged up on by unforgiving AI.Biggest gripe on the whole series is the game slowing down because of AI bloat.  The game is still unfinished in that regard.How is the game unfinished?  Well, 2020 came out in 2008, and I bought the original CD-ROM from in the base exchange.  I had a new computer for 2008 standards, and after a while, the game would slow down because the AI keeps building units and the game slows down to a crawl.  Flash forward to 2011, SR Coldwar, I bought that in digital copy from stardock or something.  Same thing, AI unit spam, slow game.  Then SR 1936 came out on Steam...same thing...  Before 1936 was even officially declared ""finished"", Ultimate was put up in the steam store.  Because I am an SR junky, I bought it.  SAME THING, slows down...To this day, SR Ultimate, regardless of game era, will slow to a crawl after a couple of decades.  Again, I have a brand new PC 64GB RAM DDR4 Intel core I7 nVidia GTX970 and SSD.  Slow game.  Almost 10 years have gone by and the devs cannot prevent AI bloat.  The engine is largely unchanged between each version, so I have a feeling that the programmer wrote the core game in 2007 and gave everyone the finger after that.  There are also problems with the tech tree.  Ultimate never fixed the path from Future -> Coldwar -> WW2.  They did however, add all techs and designs into the entirety of SR, so if you start in WW2, you can go properly all the way up to future.  However, if you start in the future, you have to spend years researching WW2 stuff because the devs forgot to include old techs and era techs from WW2 and CW in the future era version....this means even if you are Japan or Germany with maglev trains, GPS satellites, and internet, you have to research bi-planes and refrigerators to unlock some cold war era infrastructure techs to get the new 1990's era techs.  You have to download mods to fix the base game because it was never completed.If you are a diplo-game / world domination junky feeling risky, then try this game out.  Otherwise, you will probably hate it."
76561197993409789,Recommended,314980,12156083,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Herbzie,"I am a long time fan of the series and am very excited for this game. It combines the best of the previous releases, however it is not currently in a playable state just yet. I strongly recommend buying this game now to support this fantasic indie company, but hold off a bit to really enjoy the experience. Other long time players of the series can jump right in and find the game is everything you hoped it would be, other then a few noticable glitches and a general annoying slowness, the game appears to be in pretty decent shape. A few patches from now and some perofrmance improvments and we will be loving every second of game play! For those new to the series, go grab SR1936 to get just a taste of whats to come. :)*Updated Oct 1 2014* - After a couple more updates the game seems to be completely playable, not perfect, some decent updates and improvments are obviously still needed, but no reason you can't jump in and start playing this now."
,Not Recommended,314980,17733727,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kessler,"This is one of my favorite game series of all time. Unfortunately they keep recycling the same thing over and over again. I wouldn't be upset if they actually made performance impovments, but they simply don't. With a high end computer the game comes to a screetching hault after 10 to 15 years of game play.What they need to fix:- Move away from 32bit, and make this game 64bit. This game needs the extra ram and 4gb does't suit it.- Allow annexing specific hexes.- Problems that were in SCRW, two games ago, are still here. If you take over lets say czechoslovakia, it doesnt give you the option to colonize it. It simply just annexs it. You had two seperate games to fix this.- How about use more than one core for this game. I have an i7, and it should be shredding this game. But it simply doesn't."
,Recommended,314980,23520906,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kiddterralv | 17e,"I love this game, i've put close to 200 hours and close to 900 hours into SR2020.This game isn't easy to fully learm, it takes time. A lot of people complain about balancing.... There is no balance in the real world... I don't see North Korea being able to take on the US. So it's designed in a way to represent the real world.The SR series is my favourite game series of all time and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,314980,12589544,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Vikhr,"Really good game. alot of research options and four technologyical races, Atomic, Space, Internet, and Mars. The game has so many units and you can pick fropm the start of WW2 to modern times, what is not to like? Strongly Recomended."
76561198007469622,Not Recommended,314980,12987270,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jarvis,"Ultimate has some good things going for it.  Better optimization of speed for one, and it allows you to play on past WW2.  Despite some nice features, particularly the economy, the game falls flat on its face with game play issues and some terrible design flaws:- China is extremely overpowered in 1936 and easily steamrolls Japan!  This is because China is united, not broken up into smaller controlling factions.  HOI3 did a good job, SRUltimate is a fail.- Incompetent economic AI.  Warfare is fought by consuming military goods yet the AI builds almost no military goods.- Russia is an economic mess and quickly folds.- The German navy often wipes out the UK navy- The military AI doesn't garrison Hongkong, India, or most of its Colonies.- The French AI does not garrison the Magnot Line of fortifications.  The Germans just walk in.The developers have done nothing to address these issues.  Until they do, it is a waste of money."
76561198097288701,Recommended,314980,17474650,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,owl,Best geopolitical strategy and my favourite game ...
76561198052491794,Not Recommended,314980,28858345,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BanDHMO,"This should've been the best strategy game ever, but the execution is so terrible that it fails at even being mediocre.The idea of this game is excellent, the depth to which different units and technologies are modelled is great. The complexity of the economy is great. The map and how it models even small towns all over the world is great. If all you did was look at screenshots and poke around various menues and the map, you would be ecstatic.Unfortunately the actual gameplay falls on its face.Behind the complexity hides an economy that is completely irrational and spins out of control for all countries - AI and human - within years of game start. The complex economy formulas are so horribly unbalanced, that you can switch off all production in the country, cut all social spending, and still end up with a ""not enough workers"" problem, bringing inflation, and prices for everything you can build skyrocketing as a result.Behind the wealth of units is completely and utterly incompetent AI - both friendly and enemy; ships run out of fuel and get stuck in the middle of the ocean, planes fly out of range and crash, land units of all sorts behave like a plague of locust, brainlessly advancing at top speed with no regard for tactics or strategy, positioning or defensive terrain. You can micromanage your own units to not do that, but the AI never will, resulting in wars that feel idiotic and unsatisfying.Behind a reasonable diplomacy screen is an absurd diplo system where you have to pay 10 years worth of your country's GDP to EACH of the NATO countries if you want to be friends with them, where an alliance does not mean an actual alliance, where the rest of NATO stands by while USSR does an amphybious invasion of France for some odd reason, and where West Germany and France go to war with each other at the height of the Cold War.And if you are thinking of treating this deep and detailed world as a sandbox and using cheats and mod tools to work around the inherent absurdity of the game, you are out of luck. The cheats are few and limited, notably absent is the ability to force an AI to agree to a diplomatic offer. The modding support is somewhat reasonable, but requires a confusing and time-consuming cache regeneration process that looks like it hangs your game for a good five or ten minutes and finishes without any indication as to success or failure, following which you have to manually move and rename certain files and restart the game. It's very easy to mess up and will take some time to get the hang of.Overall, as much as I'd love a game of this type and depth, I cannot recommend this one."
76561198079091401,Recommended,314980,21669393,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Homo Erectus,"I must say that this game is very addicting. My favorite scenarios are WW2 as Germany and the cold war as the U.S. I really do recommend this game, its a great time consumer and nice strategy game. The only  con I have about this game is that the A.I. could really use some improvment. Other then that, go buy this game."
,Recommended,314980,12169994,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Kronos115,"Really enjoying having all the Supreme Ruler games wrapped into one so far, and I excitedly await further optimizations and improvments by Battlegoat soon."
,Not Recommended,314980,24833478,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Stars-N-Stripes,"A good game ruined by the Combat system.Combat is nothing more than drag a box around a bunch of units and send them somewhere to attack.   Every video on youtube is exactly this, there is no army hierachy, there is no strategic combat.   It ruines what could otherwise be a good game.   BG continues to try to milk the cow using the same formula over and over slapping a different name and new price on each release.  It's a shame because this could attract so many more players if they would revamp the combat.If you don't care about combat the rest of the game is good, unfortunately combat is such a large part of the game it ruins everything else the game does well :(Can't recommend - keep hoping BattleGoat studios will do something new as well as revamp this horrible combat system.   Go to unit cards with icons or nato symbols like HOI3, allowing for formation of elements, clean up the battles so you can actualy plan a coordinated attack and see what's going on and more importantly have some control over it."
76561198025965122,Recommended,314980,12918441,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Griggs Gibs[Joe],"Very complex for players who want a real challenge in real time strategy games, especially in economics, production, and resource management. Its game mechanics are somewhat fixed. There are a few problems however. Atleast the game speed does not lag whenever 3 years pass.The AI need some fixing when it comes to combat. For example, South Korea will take over North Korea easily, and then invade China. China will have hundreds of units lying around in forts and cities while Manchuria is completely overrun by probably 30-40 inferior South Korean military units.However, complaints of people saying the AI are not historically accurate are irrelevant. A main component for this game, and something I personally enjoy, is its alternate history options that YOU can control. When you can turn Haiti, a now poor nation with 80% of its population under the poverty line, into a massive superpower that owns Florida, all of Central America, the Carribean, Northern South America, and parts of Europe, you know this game can be fun. This game has unlimited opportunities. These opportunities can range from you being literally any nation in a time period's existence and doing whatever you want with it, wheither it be an expansionist, fascist Uganda, economic superpower of North Korea, or the USSR Part two, this game can provide for that.Do not expect this game to be a pulse pounding, call of duty action game, because it isn't. This is a hyper-realistic game on steroids. All factors need to be taken into account for in your economy.Please remember that BattleGoats Studios is still working on this game to make it better for the players. This may have some annoying bugs, but they are expected to be fixed throughout the patches in the game.7/10 in my opinion."
76561198000433787,Recommended,314980,20669536,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ϟRolling Thunderϟ,"I've only played a little over 3 hours and I love it already! It was a bit frustrating in the start because you had to learn all the controls. But after that it's a amazing! It's so much fun taking over territories in the name of whatever country you are. Really the only bad thing I can say about this game (as of yet) is that the combat is a bit boring. Seeing 2 or more units fighting with no animations or anything just explosions to show that they are hitting each other (and a big explosion to show that a unit has died). But if you are like me and have fetish for taking over territories you should definitely buy this game!EDIT:So I've found some cons after playing this game a lot.- The amount of crashes is quite  high. I was in a game and I forgot to save, and then it just crashed. I can't explain how frustrated I was after that!- Your units doesn't prioritize your orders first. In the game you can let the AI command your forces when at war, and while this is very nice most of the time, I want to be the one in command without taking it off. Like if I order unit X to go somewhere it shouldn't stop even if the AI thinks it's a bad idea. I want to be in charge of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ minions. OBEY MEH!- Amphibious assaults is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to do. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. And most of the time it's only effective on weaker countries. And the A.I almost never figures out how to do them. I've only seen once that Germany was able to invade Great Britain. But if America declares war on a European country, it doesn't matter. While they are technically at war, they don't invade. They just destroy your ships here and there.- This is not very big or important, but still annoying. you can't delete save files in-game. You have to manually remove them from your folder. I think it's kinda BS.- A lot of nations are either way too weak or way too strong. I did a WWII 2 USSR game where I let Germany take most of Europe and then wait until they attacked me. I was stronger in numbers, technology and defenses. Still they beat me. I had to put everything on very easy and yank military spending to the max to beat them. Germany should not be this strong, it's not fun to fight against, and it's not fun to play as. Also, I had won a war with Japan so I already had their resources as well.- The economy is kinda of broken. I never really understood it. There are 2 major resources that you will not matter what, will be scarce later in the game, when you have annexed a lot of countries (assuming you are like everyone else and just want to make one big♥♥♥♥♥country). And that is Industrial goods and Oil. Not matter how many facilities you build you will always be behind.- I don't think there's any grand strategy game that has this, but as most others, this doesn't have the Swastika for Germany in the 1936 scenario.This annoys me very much, but nothing can be done about it.Overall I still recommend the game, just be prepared for these things."
,Recommended,314980,20101369,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Italyball,WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTS WE NEED REINFORCEMENTSWe took their capital.
,Recommended,314980,27285864,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Admonitor,"Supreme Ruler Ultimate can be incredibly frustrating at times and I really hope for improvement in future titles.  That being said, as far as a geopolitical simulator can go, the Supreme Ruler games give you more freedom to control your country, with a smaller focus on politics than other games, but a stronger focus on military and economic aspects.  Being able to play any country and turn it into a superpower within decades is rewarding and fun, so I recommend this game to anyone who is strongly interested in this subject area and is willing to sink hours into not only playing this game, but also learning it, which can be just as challenging, though that is not necessarily a bad thing."
,Recommended,314980,31910888,Posted: 22 May,all,Flandersfeet,"First high issue is that the game is more of a military simulator then Geo political simulator. The amount of units and research that you can do, is simply amazing. The timeline in which you can play give you soooooo many options, and when you mess up stuff. France post cold war, invading everyone. Trading is done automatically or if you wish you can manage it. Taxes and trade directly affect your economy. Political and nuclear are linked very tightly (depending on your settings). You can manage general aspects of production or take total control.Now on the low end, the AI is really dumb. When you face there army in an open field you only roughly see 1/5 at first and then more likely 1/100 of it. They normally keep there units near cities and such, so you have to sit there and fight extremely bloody battles for every city.Game engine is at most decent, depending on how fast and how well you play or the time part of it all. Depending on what time you play the game can run as slow as a rock or fast as a rabbit. Mid-WW2 slow, cold war fast, 2020 fast, 2020 divided world 2 years of fast then a slow grind.Your whole economy is unpredictable and trying to peacefully manage it, well pointless. Your economy will grow at a slow pace or you'll run out of workers to do so. SKY rocketings your GDP per capita and then few years later millions flooding into your country. note North Korea 10 years into the game 0% unemployment, $100,000 gdp per capita. Millions started coming to the North Korea dictatorship..... kind of awesome and bad. Depends really.Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,314980,24233816,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dances With Fools,There are five things that this game needs:DeepMind to run the unbelievably complex AI required for the huge amount of potential actionsA graphical overhaulAn improved UIThe inclusion of the chemical and biological warfare that was never implementeddedicated servers running multiplayer gamesOther than the above problems this is the wargame you imagined as a kid watching the movie Wargames
,Recommended,314980,24510682,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Minor Serbi,the first thing i did when i launched this amazing game was to go right into the second world war as a powerful country named SWITZERLAND. So we declare war on the nazi's and... watch my country get surrounded and... rektwould get rekted as switzerland again 10/10PS: Just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,314980,19965240,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Man Bun,"Want to take over the world in WWI? How about (not to far away) futuristic 2020? and then anything in between! I got this game at first for nostalgia because i played SP2020G (Supreme Ruler 2020 Gold) when i was younger and though it'd be fun to go try to relive that. Now this game is so much more. With a full fledged campaign, sandbox mode, and objective play, this game has all you'd ever want from a world takeover game, want to be the US and destroy England? Go for it, how about have Germany win WWII? you can do that. The fate of the world rests in your hands, the rest is for you to decide.        89/100"
76561197991341019,Recommended,314980,12568381,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,tommo8993,"Having played most games in the series this i certainly the best. Its still rough round the edges and the devs are still working on it. Overall as a SANDBOX game this is great, if you want historical accuracy go play hearts of iron. 8/10"
,Recommended,314980,12140017,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,xeeks91,Great Game Made Even Great By Adding MALDIVES. Thank You Developers.
,Recommended,314980,16543654,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Levande,"This game goes very in depth. Any nation that you could think about playing as is, for the most part, playable. You could play as the U.S., Russia, India, France, Germany. However, I say ♥♥♥♥ that. It's all about Bhutan. Bhutan may be nothing today, or tomorrow, or the next day. But eventually, and by this I mean centuries, Bhutan will be glorious. Soon™ Bhutan will lead the invasion force into Tibet. Take all the oil, coal, and people. Push into China and reach the ocean. And through this endeavor, will begin an army that is like no other. Soon™ the U.S. will see the true power of Bhutan. All will bow down to the Great Nation of Bhutan!TL;DR: ♥♥♥♥ the U.S. - Bhutan is great."
,Recommended,314980,32150112,Posted: 3 June,all,Norden,"Pros:Can play as both axis and allied powers through wwII.Cold war on both sides.Near present times and future.Easy and good micromanagmentClimate and geographic accurate.Easy politics.Cons:Babysitting cabinett as they change stuff (recommending to lock certain stuff)Conflicts might be stressful when you're are doing other tasks (Example, you are dealing with construction and then Belaruse declares war on you.)Notifications can stress you out when you are dealing with important stuff-Overall a good game, i rate it 7.2/10 for real life simulator and RTS"
76561198035688125,Recommended,314980,21606894,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Your Buddy Ted,"Absolutly love this game, one of my favorite grand strategy, its deffinetly got a learning curve. The posibilities are endless you can play from multiple campaigns at different time periods, or play sandbox start from differet scenarios like WW2, Cold War and modern/ near future. If your a history buff you'll deffinetly love this game, even the sanbox mode is historicaly accurate untill the point you decide to break from the time line and make history yourself. Do not be mistaken the game is not simply military conquest, you can try this but unless you're a world power its gona be tough.This game has a great sphere of influence system, that can be manipulated from diplomacy, economic activity and military actions. One point that I with I knew before starting to play this game is that a good army is a supplied army, do not take supplies for granted always make sure every military operation is well supplied, if not you will see your modern millitary that you spent millions on shred like paper. Also some good tips is don't over build resource production, you will run your economy into the ground and create labor shortages. Take your time and be patient."
,Recommended,314980,23865149,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JASe,"Not for the casual, this is one of, if not the most detailed geopolitical simulator on the market. The level of detail given can be intimidating, but overall commands to your cabinet take alot of the deep and complex sliders and controls out of your hand unless you wish to do those yourself.Gameplay: for the most part you will be staring at a map for long periods of time, occassionally broken up by the slider or statsheet and trade negotiation. This is not a pretty game by any aspect of the word, but the level of detail and day by day operations make your building of an empire all the more personal. because it is a geopolitical game, you will encounter historical figures leading nations, and having to decide if allying with them would be best for your politica gains. Is Hitler the guy you want to be buddy buddy with, or Stalin, or maybe the U.S., China even. The choices are overwhelming,  but offers large replayabilityReplayability: high, you can play as any and all nations. Jamaica? yep. Lithuania? sure. tajiristan? you betcha. USA? newb."
76561198042202172,Recommended,314980,25744238,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nishyciell,Best idle game on steam!
,Recommended,314980,20141392,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BigDaddyMeatSlinger,"Simplfying this review! I would give it a 7.5/10. I would recommmend buying it.Pretty fun game! I usually spend a week or 2 at a time on this game and stop and then start playing it again. It has multiplayer which gives you a challenge during any time period (WW2, COLD WAR, ETC.)Overall it is a fun game and truly lets you control your country on how you want. Want to declare war on cuba as USA, go ahead! Want to take over mexico as USA, GO AHEAD! Want to nuke the bahamas because you want a testing ground for your nukes, GO AHHHHHHEEEEADDDDD!You have the capability to build your army and your economy. It has a really cool infrastructure and resource gathering system. It is a very up to date game and follows a good timeline when it comes to resources. For instance, you dont see a huge amount of oil in the middle east during ww2 while during modern day 2020 you see tons of oil. This game also has a good trading (importing and exporting) system which can really make a difference on how your economy grows.Army and millitary research and building are very accurate when it comes the time line of ww2 to modern day. British have challengers, US have abrams, and russians still have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tanks! :) (No Hate)I like the research system of this game because it lets you trade technology which can also be a huge factor to helping jumpstart or even saving your economy. Millitary has a huge influence on war justification on other countries and a huge influence on your world % on millitary approval, domestic approval, etc.Overall this game is a very fun game and is updated somewhat frequently. It can be confusing at first but if you are not willing to actually sit down and learn how to play the game, go find a simple game that does not require thinking. I love and hate this game at times but overall I would give it a 7.5/10. I would recommmend buying it."
76561198007572276,Recommended,314980,33914367,Posted: 30 July,all,Imperator,"I've played the Supreme Ruler series since SW2020 now 10 years ago.  SRU is an excellent game if you understand how to play it.  There is a learning curve.DIPLOMACY: There isn't much feedback ingame regarding the diplomacy system, which is rather streamlined compared to 4X games (you won't see a leader come to you and have specific personal responses to specific in game actions such as putting troops on their border), but if you trade actively and support the regimes of whatever nation you are seeking to woo, you will see diplomatic relations steadily improve. Otherwise, the diplomatic relations seem mostly random, simulating various diplomatic accomplishments or crises going on behind the scenes and outside of direct view to you as the Supreme Ruler. On higher volatility levels you can see relations improve or deteriorate quickly on their own.  There is supposed to be a reason for changes in diplomatic relations, but it is often not directly clear. Increasing your military cap is one way relations will deteriorate (per the SR wiki). If your volatility is set to ""None"" diplomatic relations hardly change at all without your direct input. If you use ""support the ruling regime"" option for a particular country the relations will improve with the government you are targeting, apparently simulating diplomatic efforts to increase ties with that nation. If you select ""support opposition"" the relations will deteriorate with that government somewhat quickly without explanation, soon giving you a pretext on which to declare war. Trading often and generously (on terms more favorable to the other side) will increase your relations slowly with the common people of the country (as opposed to its government/ruling elite) over time. That's essentially it as far as the diplomacy system goes. The diplomacy has dramatically improved with recent patches, and the AI now actively creates alliances and declares war and peace, something it did not do very often before.MILITARY: The military simulation is extremely well detailed and modeled, with precise unit description by both nation and era, everything is simulated from infantry unit types, to mobile infantry, to air and sea down to specific small patrol boats. Unit movement is real time (units will move as fast as you'd expect them to in one game day) and very realistic. Land features and geography are hex based and each hex is meticulously modeled and based on the real world geographical data, and the game also includes a dynamic weather simulation that can affect combat. As of July 2017, AI is still a little sloppy on naval warfare but hardly worse than most games out there. The AI will not form fleets or conduct extremely organized naval campaigns using aircraft carriers, but it will randomly send ships over to whoever it is declaring war on, hoping at some point to land some troops on the continent in question. Land combat is more realistic with AI units moving back and forth, resupplying, and gaining position slowly and strategically.ECONOMY: The economic simulation is realistic and accurate, as long as you understand that the game makes no distinction between the private economy and the public economy.  The economy responds, in my experience, very realistically to changes in inputs and outputs.  For example, substantial state increase in infrastructure spending will result in a good year of 40% GDP growth, curtailing slowly quarter over quarter until it is back to normal.  The economy responds slightly less resiliently to tax cuts than to spending changes.  You are considered the ""Supreme Ruler"" of both the public and private economic sectors.  The game doesn't care if the health care sector for example is run privately or publicly.  If you increase health care spending GDP will start to rise as will inflation.  The more you spend, and the more you cut taxes/prices, the faster the GDP will grow, but be careful you don't overheat your economy and cause high inflation or the prices of buildings, goods, and services and resources will rise dramatically.  Impatient management of your economy and large fluctuations in stimulus will lower your economic score. I recommend running numerical reports quarter over quarter so you have data from which to compare changes over the next quarter- write down all the values including production and consumption values for each commodity.  To have more control over your commodities and to drive up prices in your favor I recommend bulk trading only, when market conditions are favorable.This game is an excellent game and is constantly improving.  The developers are VERY responsive to any issues that arise, and have recently reopened the studio full time to once again work on future SRU titles.  If you're interested in the genre of detailed and realistic world strategy this game is definitely for you."
76561198083357517,Recommended,314980,33889808,Posted: 29 July,all,OnEye,"Great game, I love the fanchise. I hope they continue to do great by continuing their great work."
76561198042308618,Recommended,314980,12226713,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ViziuaL,Great game if u ever wanted to be your own leader of any modern nation this is the game for u with realistic economic game play and diplomacy and to change history as u see fit. Best strategy game of all time!
,Not Recommended,314980,23617497,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Emperor Justinian,"BEFORE ANYTHING I'D LIKE TO APOLOGIZE FOR MY BAD ENGLISH AND GRAMMAR MISTAKES!I like this game. Its fun to play! But would i recommend it? No, not yet! After fixing some bugsThis game feels like its still in its deveploement state. AI is pretty broken. When youre allied with someone i suddenly see how the casus belli is rising alot. No matter how neutral i stay tensions rise and i get attacked. If we look at the WW2 scenarios in late 1936 Germany attacks everyone.And the AI only annexes them, not making them puppets! If we look at 1940 & 41 you can see how the European borders are redrawn not anschlussed by the Germans! I once had incident where i suddenly conquered myself??? (theres a screenshot of it how i colonized myself) I dont see vichy France, Croatia, Bohemia, etc etc. It bothers me alot. Hell! I dont even see the U.S. entering the war even tho it has declared war on Axis! Not even supporting the British & French, same with Canada. No troops, no support, no trade.Lets talk about diplomacy & economicsThe game doesent give you much challenge in economy, you can be the most financial with everything you need! Meanwhile the AI focuses on building its army and not even peeking at the economy so you really cant have a competition. In some scenarios theres no Consumer goods (and some other random shortages of resources) production. It stays at 0 even i have everything i need it to be at least 1,000! I build a hell loada consumer good facilities and the production is still at 0!! Same is usually with industrial goods and even oil. Hell not even USA have more than 4,000 consumer goods and they wont trade any of it! Speaking about trade & relations whats with the damn high tension risings??? They go all sky high even tho ive barely done anything not even put my mouse on military tab, just focusing on my economy and doing what i have to do and suddenly (for example) Germany is ready to attack me with full force. Asking for peace with a waring nation is impossible too. You have to wait for them to ask for peace. Now if i really want to have peace with Germany i would have to send them TRILLION TONS OF MONEY so the relations go up and they finally accept the peace treaty. That makes no sense! Asking for ceasefire should be more improved. Hell even if im winning and asking to stop the war ( with giving them 1,000B€/$/£) they flip me a finger and the war rages on. If Germany sends me offer with peace for 200 or 200 for peace and i press counter-offer and re-send the same trade deal THEN GERMANY REFUSES IT??? I BARELY CHANGED ANYTHING ON IT AND THEY DECLINE THE DEAL?? LIKE WHAT?? Treaties... Mutual defence doesent work! I go war with Germany and have Mutual defence (or alliance) treaty with France. French ignore it and let me get ♥♥♥♥ed up! What the hell is that?? Okay they send reinforcements but cant they just declare war on Germany?? Were still allies! Trading is little... meh class like the wise man/woman said: ''A nation with full friendly relations with you will often refuse to make any diplomatic deals with you (other than trading items for items/money)''Lets talk about war! The combat system is alright! I like how you have to conquer everything by yourself and not only the province. It gives me free hands to move the units where i want. But then again the movement of the units is broken. If i need to retreat my units or send them to repair after capturing  base or something like that i want them to retreat from the field and not advancing into the captured base.Okay. Honestly it doesent bother me that much cuz i understand AI wants to get to the nearest base as possible but i just wanted to get that off my heart. Thenit annoys me how close the units move at the frontline incase of retreats so i literally have to move them step-by-step like assisting an old lady off the streets to avoid them getting hitby enemies. AI focuses mostly on military. Not economics & importnat stuff like improving infanstructure & industry! The games supply system works! Just build enough supply depots and youre good to go and your units will have no problem getting to your destination.Speaking of the game time. Its slow. The time gets slower all the time! When you have hell loada units the game time slows! No matter how good your CPU is even tho im at the fastest speed the time feels like its between normal & fast! Thats why AI should control its military buildup!So... what my final rating is 7.5/10. The game is enjoyable! You can play it with mates and conquer all the AI and after that have a huge war between your mates. But few bugs just sometimes ruin the mood. in summary:PROS:-Nice combat system!-Detailed world!-Large selections of units!-NUCLEAR WAR!!!-You can play as ISIS :D-Interesting fictional scenarios and real ones too!-You can play as any nation you want!-No end limit!-Mechs!! & other futuristic battle designs!-Very good tech tree-Kind developers!CONS:-Optimiziation is bad!-When game progresses the game slows down!-Random merchant ships sailing by themselves!-Multiplayer requires 3rd party stuff (hamachi, gameranger, etc)-Rising tensions with friendlies & allies-Cant colonize or liberate nations in multiplayer!-Bugs!-Sometimes you feel the developers didnt know how to program! (no offence)"
76561198035178556,Recommended,314980,24055277,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,smokeythefirst,"I like this title quite a lot. I've sunk in a pretty hefty number of hours, and I can see myself sinking in more."
76561198213399889,Recommended,314980,35214742,Posted: 25 September,all,Beans,"This game is very comparabale to Hearts of Iron. In some areas is surpasses Hearts of Iron, such as start dates, as well as complexity of the economy. It is hard to find a great game like this, that will let you start at almost any date (1914(With DLC)-Future). This game is truly in my eyes amazing. Look up a few videos and you will see how complex it is. What is even better is that you can enjoy this on a low spec computer unlike other games. There are few developers which limit the updates to the game (Yes there are some things that are buggy or you may want to be changed, but the devs have limited resources and are working on it), but they are super responsive and actually listen to the community. I waited for almost a year until it was on sale, and that was a mistake. If you are a fan of this genre, you need to pick up this game right away. Don't make the mistake I made, and be prepared to lose hours of your time in this great game 10/10"
76561198030749271,Recommended,314980,29213961,Posted: 12 January,all,| Stuart98 ||,I simulated a Donald Trump presidency and it only took two years for the world to go to♥♥♥♥♥♥and another seven for me to conquer all of it.
76561197992795066,Not Recommended,314980,31792533,Posted: 16 May,all,chopdok,"Buggy mess, even after all those years.Performance is terrible, especially on the new hardware. There are bugs which were present in SR2020 and still not fixed in Ultimate.AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and borken. Unit pathfinding is beyond pathetic.Multiplayer is unplayable. Desyncs, disconnects, crashes.Research trees are a complete mess. Units that have all the pre-requisite for research cannot be researched. Countries will start with technologies that dont make sense. It seems that when they unified 1936, CW and 2020 into Ultimate, it broke everything research and tech related.But hey, they got Trump DLC OMG OMG. How about instead of puns on Trump, you at least try to make this game...well not great, but ♥♥♥♥ing tolerable and playable."
76561198086618002,Recommended,314980,12210605,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,monkubuz,"waoooo this game is sick!!if u like superpower 2 this is thje, game become rich and powerfull!"
,Recommended,314980,14521371,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mikey,"My god where do i start with this game its just so in depth and takes alot of time and stratigey to get any where with it dont get me wrong i have a blast every single time i played it. Theres nothing better to me in this game then starting of as a terrible countrey that today is still a third world country and bring it up and make it grow into such a power that its competing in the space race not with U.S.A or the USSR but by its self and its winning. That to me is enough to make me want to play this game over and over agin because you can change a whole history of events like what if Germany and there allies actually won world war 2, or what if the cubin missle crysis went hot would anyone survive. This game provides so many diffrent options that i find it hard not to like. So if you want a good Country simulator that your choices good or bad can change how the world is later then i would suggest this game."
76561198031473218,Recommended,314980,12501311,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Donkeyb39,"You can defiantly tell its not complete, but with a proper studio being behind it i have faith that they'll get it done and not disappear like you risk with other early access, Although not done its still playable with most of the sandbox scenarios being in the game already id recommend the game."
,Recommended,314980,24591620,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,John Thomas,Made DLC's Great again.
,Not Recommended,314980,32749822,Posted: 24 June,all,Kanaric,"Terrible game from a novice inept developer. This is what happens when a small development team tries to tackle too much, much more than they can handle.First off this game isn't a ""new"" game, it's a continuous rebuid of a game from around 10 years ago. Every time they introduct more bugs, remove some, and the AI still stays terrible. If this was a decent developer they would have honed their skills a built a new game from scratch by now. The game SR2020 was far more complicated and they removed a ton of features since then simply because they couldn't develop and maintain what they have made.The most interesting scenario in this is the Cold War one, but unfortunately it's fairly railroaded and the terrible AI causes ridciuylous things to happen. Like there is a supply system in game, if you have a major war against Russia the AI has no clue at all and after supplies run out the armies just sit there doing nothig for years.The economy in this game makes no sense at all. It seems to be mostly based on RNG and once you learn the basics of the game you can turn any country into an economic power house in short order. Short order being a hilarious concept of this since the game takes forever to play. It's like playing HOI4 except during peace time for decades except even slower passage of time than that.I cannot recommend this game at all, unforunately there has never good a game game in this genre a ""modern nation building GSG"". Every company who has attempted it has failed, and so has Battlegoat here.I am confused how this can possibly have mostly positive. I hope this hasn't tricked too many people into buying it.The sad thing is ANOTHER game called Great War is coming out. If you buy that you are a fool, same old tired engine that needs a total rebuild. IDK how they are making money."
76561198004580691,Recommended,314980,14583738,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dirtington,"Having originally played a lot of Supreme Ruler 2020 I was very excited to play this Ultimate Version. It did initially feel a bit of a cheeky move releasing it so soon after 1936 (and to be honest before 1936 had been properly finished) but I appreciated the discounted price as compensation. To be fair I never really got into 1936 as I prefered the future setting of 2020. This version lets you play the 1936, cold war and 2020 games with the added benefit that the tech tree in a 1936 start will go all the way through to the end of the 2020 tech tree. To be honest in a normal game stretching the gameplay out that far would be pretty difficult, I have never managed it.As it is my faveourite game mode the review is mainly based on a 2020 starting date. I found the 1936 game pretty tough due to supply shortages which I know are realistic but still it makes for a tough game for a lot of countries. I do on the whole enjoy this version however I find that at this stage of its development I honestly prefer how a game played out in the original 2020 version. My major complaint with this version so far is that the computer is far too free with alliances. After a couple of years the world becomes such a tangled mess of alliances that wars do not seem to break out that much between AI countries.  Unless you play as say China or Russia you will probably find most countries are friendly to you and probably have pretty similar allies making conquest a bit of a headache. It makes rampant warmongoring with the UK for example a lot more difficult than in the original 2020. As a lesser note some of the AI combat provides odd outcomes, in one go I played through South Korea conquered the whole of China and Pakistan conquered India. After that there were hardly any hostile enemies for me to target. You can fiddle around with the game settings to provide a different gameplay experience, at the moment I prefer Shattered World with very high volitility (no units can help to prevent some counter intuitive outcomes from wars) as a sanbox go.On the plus side there has been a lot of incremental improvements to the game with a lot of issues I had on release being ironed out through patches so I am hopeful the game is only going to get better going forward.  Undoutedly the graphics are better and the tech tree has been improved so it is not simply just a nicer looking version of 2020.I do recommend giving the game a try, particularly if you do not have all of the versions included in Ultimate but I can't help thinking that in its current state I did used to have a lot more fun playing the original 2020."
,Recommended,314980,31135637,Posted: 14 April,all,Bo 7ala9ba8alba3,"This game is number 1EDIT - REPLY TO DEVELOPER:@chrisahlSo let me be clear. This is the best game of it's kind. And I hope you will update this game with what you have said and the more to follow below:1) MULTIPLAYER: Laj (means extreme lag) when playing with 1 user or multiple users, eventual desyncing occurs. This game is all about multiplayer, single player does not keep you in the mood. Fix the de-sync that happens after several years of game-play, make it faster and more reliable. For example, while playing with a friend, the game would randomly pause/unpause, then disconnect randomly, it's so bad we have to save every few minutes. We are the type of people who will play 1 game for a MONTH continously (let me praise the length of the game).Pier-pier connections don't work, and the interface for Multiplayer needs to be heavily modified to actually understand what is going on, and if it is searching for game or if there is some sort of error or some information to aid the user understand how to connect to someone else. We DONT want to use Hamachi. We want to use SR to SR. Develop it and make it happen to fix the sync problems and improve latency.So developer Chris, please focus on Multiplayer as being the heart of this game, and I guarantee more people would buy this. I cannot express how important multiplayer is, and it should be number 1 priority to fix it, or upgrade it. WHATEVER THE COST.2) GAME ENGINE: The engine needs to be improved to handle the units and the length of the game. For example, if I un-reserve 5000 units, the game goes very very slow. But I cannot attack Russia for example without needing like 5000+ units. Please invest the money and time to upgrade the game engine to handle the units/lag/time of the game.3) UNITS: I appreciate your addition of units, and the length of research is impressive. I recommend you push further and upgrade countries with modern weapons and units like Iran/China/Russia, the addition of real cruise missiles, planes, etc. Also the adjustment of unit size of some countries is un-accurate. For example, Iraq has billions of dollars of left-over units from the US since the withdrawal of US troops. Egypt has ballistic missiles for a long time and nuclear power generation, aswell as aircraft fabrication and naval fabrication (ranked 16th-10th in the world military wise), and the Mistral aircraft carriers bought from France, aswell as 1000+ planes, 3000+ tanks, tens of ships. Egyptian military is extremely weak, when it should not be. Israel should have Nuclear weapons. Russia should have much more Nukes. China has many things missing, etc... Please revise current research data and upgrade the countries. Introduce biological/chemical weapons (makes sense with the NBC safety kit research).And please, can you increase the effectiveness of Nukes? It takes 20 SS-25 Sickle Nuclear weapons to destroy some tanks. I don't think even with some next generation space-shield can you resist Nuclear strikes like this. And there is no fallout or blast radius. Atleast a blast radius is needed (TOPOL should affect all of New york)? Its a Nuclear weapon. Pimp the Nukes. And to compensate for the more realistic increase in power, you may add UN repercussions. Also please allow us to select the Silo and independantly launch missiles from it, this strategic pool is a good idea but either advance it so I can select certain targets or remove it and allow for greater user control.Also, what is the point of ""diplomatic merchant marine""? It is SEVERLY bugged, after some years the sea gets glitched with them everywhere, game freezes and gg. Remove it or upgrade it.One last thing about units, with adding or upgrading units, the game engine must be upgraded to next-level to handle them. Do it please.4) RESOURCES: Heavy research has been done. no doubt. But I think you guys did the research ONCE and then everytime the game is upgraded or a new one comes out, very minimal research is carried out. This is unacceptable and proves the lack of commitment. Not only do many countries in the middle east have Uranium, but also throughout the entire world, resources need to be adjusted. Egypt has coal/uranium/some of the world's largest gas fields in the mediterranean, for example.One more important upgrade: PLEASE allow us to DISCOVER new mines and resources as the game progresses. In real life there are countries who invade others for resources, but most of them can self-develop because they discover resources. Please introduce a unit to scout for resources or some type of research scan option.Please address the issue of insane inflation within a country where an agriculture plant cost triples in a year, a land fabrication plant more than quadruples within a year, and etc...5) DEBT. Have the option to remove debt before the game starts, in every game, every mod.6) RESEARCH: This is the most successful part of the game, the research is amazing and complex, exactly as how it should be. Although I would like some things to be faster (Upgraded power grid takes ~2.5 years), and for some countries to have more research centers as in real life (Egypt/Iran/etc...).7) LAND: For Egypt, since i play with it the most, why is suez canal a colony? Rather than doing that, Egypt should start with a treaty with all countries of the world for access to the suez canal, and breaking a treaty with a country (other than for War) should cause UN rating to decrease and repercussions. Or atleast allow me to later on be able to absorb the zone into my nation. This is very annoying and prevents my ability to defend against invasion. Turkish straits same thing, Turkey has a treaty with the world and can only break it if War occurs with that country, or a risk of war is imminent, as per a treaty signed a while back with Russia and other countries.8) AI: By making the trading and agreements harder does not make the AI smarter, it just causes frustration. Rather, there must be other ways to satisfy the AI other than giving them money, because staying in peace doesn't work all the time either, and allying with their enemies should not significantly damage relations to the level of hate, especially with no previous agreements with that country. For example if Egypt allies with Russia, the US should not feel so bad as to hate me after a few months. Rather over a few years is understandable, but 2 or 3 months is too quick. And many other AI's I cannot make relations with, even though its supposed to be possible and does not affect bilateral relations in a negative way so much.The options for allies and AI in general should be improved. I should be able to call on my ally for defence, trade more easliy with my ally, and be able to purchase units from them or atleast create a system where that eventually becomes possible.9) WAR: The ministers is a very intelligent option you guys have done, extremely valuable. But during a war, please allow more war options for ministers. For example, I want to be able to order my units to advance on a certain target, but when I put my ministers to work, they deviate from the target or stand idly by. The president's orders should be final and the objective adjusted to meet the orders given by the president, and i understand the fuel and other restrictions and priorities but sending tank by tank when I need to send a thousand is not logical, especially when it comes to defence. Expand the options of War, make new options for greater fluidity and flexibility. (the addition of merchant marine to transport troops was very intelligent).And please Re-introduce country independant DEFCON control.10) UPDATE: To resolve most of these issues, please refer to comments by users and apply REGULAR updates! Not once or twice a year!OVERALL, the game must be smoother and more stable. Don't just release a new game, upgrade this one first, we will pay no problem. Thank you so much."
76561198166727708,Recommended,314980,31880113,Posted: 21 May,all,dariusz.lis85,"I am a fan of the series. I play for many years. I write what is wrong.1. The map is ugly and monotton.2. Too much natural growth. UK population 1936- 50ml, UK 1955-95 ml. It should not be dependent on social spending, but on culture and poverty. Poverty = high birth rate. Too many migrations, no shutdown.3. Army - there should be an infantry division = 10,000 soldiers, too many tanks, not enough soldiers in armies.4. USSR- the most aggressive, most offensive political organism with the largest army in history, leviathan, and in the game passive corpses. Similarly the USA. The war is going too fast, probably because the armies are 10x too small. Missing diplomacy, clever artificial intelligence.Possible to correct?"
,Not Recommended,314980,34564456,Posted: 28 August,all,UsernamesMeh™,"I cannot in good concious recommend this game. I have close to 100 hours here and another 200 on 2020. The AI has always been the biggest flaw. In war you can make a perfect line on their borders but if you even move them an inch up the AI will send one single unit over 20 times to go all the way around and cut your supply lines just to give you the equivalant of the middle finger. Not to mention they suck overall in building units/repairing their buildings and just supplying their troops enough to finish wars. Most of the time countries will draw to a stalemate due to supplies or missing some resource. Allowing the other to come back over 2 years and repeat the cycle. Its happened in my most current game, the French/UK/Russia have gone back and forth about 5 times now on who owns Europe. Then you got no real proper way to keep the other nations happy. They always will drop from green to red some how. Then your own AI sucks at listening to commands and telling them to enftrence is a pain. That is mostly due to the clunky and fat interface. Its a nice try but doesn't work well. I love the potential this game has don't get me wrong and no AI is perfect. I would take CA's spam units so long as the AI would actually use them correctly instead of bloating them in the farthest back lines and lagging the game. Doesn't matter what country you play as, if you make it 20-30 years and try to move your troops. The game lags from all the access unused units and strains the engine. I cannot finish my conquest of the Americas due to it.Edit - Thought I'd add on to it, I feel like a future feature of customizing your own units.. doesn't have to look too goddy just can be the same as now. Using tech you've aquired and using the default or your own idea. Not to mention like when you conform to different ways, from democracy to dictatorship if you could change your nations name or name it in general. Or even form factions like in HOI IV"
,Recommended,314980,14097911,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,«RR» DecimusBrutus,best simulater ever i like to play it with friends
76561198048358154,Recommended,314980,12148815,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Connor Macmanus,all i will say is i am a fan i have not gotten to into it yet but its fun i will say if your a fan get this it is worth it
76561198047685152,Recommended,314980,14739680,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,UnholyRolyPoly,"My favorite aspect is the economy.  Lots of people toss this game because they act like Democrats.  They spend tons of money on infrastructure.  They don't have industry goods to produce any of the facilities.  Therefore they import them driving the world market price through the roof.  They go broke.  Taxes eventually reach 99% as you run a full on socialist state.  Inflation goes through the roof as your government spends and borrows wildly at the whims of the rulers.  And because you.... the user.... has total control (ie big government) your complete mismanagement wrecks the entire nation for a generation.Instead..... focus the economy on GDP.  It's everything IMO.  Higher GDP equals more tax revenue.  You want the people to be prosperous.  I've tried many economic models and found most to be somewhat realistic.  I've use the common flat tax.  It's fairly effective.  The ""fair tax"" ie sales tax is an excellent model.  The citizens only pay taxes on goods consumed.  In a perfect world you produce most of what you consume..... and consume a lot.  Domestic profits are much higher than exports.  If you keep a healthy balance of supply and demand with a national sales tax of roughly 30%..... you're good.  GDP will go up.  You'll gain tax revenue everytime goods are sold to the populace.  And you get general revenue from the sale.  In the real world..... this is essentially a free market with a national sales tax (as the only source of income.)  People scoff at the idea because they think THEY would end up paying everything at the counter while the rich walk away unscathed.  Anyone with a brain knows that's what happens anyway.  Raise taxes on corporations and they simply raise prices to match.  A healthy business will always maintain a steady profit line.  Taxes are nothing more than a business expese.  Either way it goes taxes are always paid by the little guy.  Even now..... your employer is responsible for a large portion of your taxes.  People think....  ""Great... the company pays that.""  Except for the reality that it's simply a business expense considered under ""labor.""  Which means you.  Therefore you are more expensive to the company and get paid less.  Therefore you actually pay ALL taxes.  Because if they did not exist.... then a healthy competitive market would drive wages up to the current line anyway.  It doesn't matter who gets the money from the companies perspective.  Either the government.... or you.... cost X amount of dollars for one employee per year.Anyway if you choose to run a socialist economic model.... your goal is to export.  You want to drive GDP down.  In lamens terms.... you want the people poor.  Poor people work for nothing.  The end result of all socialist nations is poverty.  Poverty keeps you in business.  Look at China.  When their people become to prosperous they print a ton of money and devalue their currency by half...... essentially making the people 50% poorer.  The easiest way to make everyone poor.... is to jack taxes through the roof.  You can simultaneously raise services to maintain public order.  But the people will still be poor.  The lower their GDP.... the cheaper you can produce goods (ie China).... the less people of your own country can afford goods like electricity and water..... and you'll have a ton of cheap goods available on the market.  If they pile up.... simply do bulk sales with a minimal profit.  Technologies can also reduce the cost of production.  But GDP is a huge factor and you can crash it quickly.  As a socialist nation you will make tons of money off consumer goods.  They are always in demand.  They fetch a nice profit.  And the poorer your people are.... the richer you get.  ....  Gee.... isn't socialism great.Overall don't be afraid to raise and lower taxes.  The economy should be flexible.  Don't build it around one strategy.  Grow it in all directions.  Don't be afraid to shut factories down if you can import goods cheaper than you can make them.  Why pay your own people more money when another country can produce it cheaper?  Unemployment isn't that difficult to control.  (Higher unemployement also means less competition for workers.... which means lower wages... whicih means you can produce goods cheaper and drop GDP.)  You want a healthy balance of everything.  I typically start the game by building a few industrial goods complexes.  I want enough to sustain a war.  Then I identify the particular countries trade imbalance.  Try to produce goods rather than import them (unless producing them is more expensive.)  And eventually create a small surplus of various commodities for export.  I try to run about a 20% overall tax rate usually focussing on the sales tax.  You want the people rich and prosperous.  Make sure you maintain a healthy budget surplus.  And you'll be fine.  The game is not about massively overhauling countries.  It's about managing them over time with minor tweaks."
,Not Recommended,314980,20660310,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MONKEH,Completely broken game. AI is horrible. Pathfinding is horrible.
76561198062653983,Recommended,314980,13412599,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,INSANEFIRELOARD,SUPERIOR REAL-TIME STRATEGY/TACTICS  OVERALL RATING- AAA++ 9.5/10.0Pros- Great attention to detail-Accurate geographical information-Technology is to date-Unlimited play timeCons-No mulitplayer server needs to be hosted-Graphics are out of date
76561198031044276,Not Recommended,314980,20669648,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Disability Prime,"Has great potential and I realy whished it worked but, the economy system is so broken it almost becomes unplayable. If the economy was fixed this game would be a must buy for strategy gamers."
76561197974916283,Recommended,314980,25881304,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,nastycanasta,AI is bad wide variety of units is endless fun for the pretender.
,Recommended,314980,21309284,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[ML]DPFlyer,"""I'm going to be Ethiopia!""This one joke led to the rise of the Ethopian Empire. The year is 1936 and Italy has invaded the Kingdom of Ethopia. As the enemy army advances the army entrenches itself inside towns around the capital. The enemy attacks with tanks against the Ethopian concripts and calvary. The Ethopians charge against the enemy tanks. Rifles are firing and swords are clashing against the enemy tanks. One by one the enemy tanks explode and the out numbered Ethopian soldiers gain the upper hand. We launch our counter attack with infantry and calvary we push the enemy tanks, boats, planes, and infantry off the continent of Africa. This is not enough to sate our revenge against the Italians. We invade. We walk unhindered to their capital even as waves of tanks come to fight us and the Germans  join them as we declare war. Three months later Germany and Italy are states of the Ethopian Empire. Fear the Ethopians....10/10 would be Ethopia again"
76561198020852083,Recommended,314980,34640409,Posted: 31 August,all,pahan,"This is a very interesting and deep global conflict game. Perhaps my favorite one out of the competition, due to the fact that the research system is actually pretty deep. The best selling point for me was, though, that any country can develop its economy system as much as it wants, limited only by the amount of land hexes it has. Indeed, the resources are not all available everywhere, especially uranium (several places on the map), yet one can decide to specialize in industrial (building) and consumer goods and be flush with cash even if the raw materials are not available in the country. Just develop a good relationship with a country that has the raw materials and get ""discounts"" on the goods through manual trading.The game teaches one very important aspect of real life: A country is only as powerful as its industrial base allows it to be. Armies do not win wars, economies do. In other words: Germany was not a winner in either world wars for a reason. The best armies and equipment in the world in the beginning of those conflicts inevitably proved to be lacking as the industrial/resource base just wasn't enough to take on an extended fight.So: get the game, choose a country, develop a good relationship with a resource ""donor"", use its raw resources to build up your industrial/military might, then take over the neighboring losers who were not smart enough ot do the same (AI lol). Flush and repeat. A month later (real time) - you have the world conquered and ready for another go with a smaller/poorer country.Yes, the game will take a LOOONG TIME.Worth it if you are young and have time to kill."
76561198084603434,Recommended,314980,27489428,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JackkRepublicc,Trump's America simulator of the year
76561198006997748,Recommended,314980,33792277,Posted: 25 July,all,Valahian_Kuzuri,"I like this title quite a lot. Strangely, I still can’t tell how much depth the game actually has under the covers and how much it simply appears to have and I think that’s partly due to the aforementioned lack of information. Going with my gut, I’m going to give them the benefit of the doubt. If older Supreme Ruler titles were plagued with rushed release syndrome, perhaps this is the one which has escaped such a fate."
76561198011318831,Recommended,314980,34033406,Posted: 5 August,all,Tonda,"I can recomend this game.Its one my favorite and I spent many many hours playing it. Prefer to play with small countries on hard difficulty, its more challenging.I have all Supreme rulers games, 2020, Cold war, 1936 and Ultimate. There are not big differences between them, its more like evolution than revolution. But on the other hand, you dont need  to learn so much when new version appear.Developers work on improvements time by time and they react on forums fast and fix issues when occurs."
,Recommended,314980,24073478,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Skibbz,"Bought game after trying tons of similar games.Immediately realised this♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing complex.First game I tried I spent sooo long ""paused"" trying to figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out the game literally crashed.Second time around I unpaused at the slowest (very slow) speed and felt my way around... No crash this time bros.I chose the resource rich dictatorship in the south east of Asia known as Myanmar (or Burma) - mostly because of Lethwei, the combat sport they have other there - and because resource rich.Well it turns out being a dictatorship, you can sell all your resources for billions and billions and then some more billions and do whatever you like with it, like buy tons of heavy military hardware and look to Invade Bangladesh.Haven't gotten there yet, mooting whether I should turn into a liberalised laissez faire dictatorship and be the centre of commerce in the SE.If geopolitical sandbox with masssssssssive scope for war/economy/political game play - then you will make a mistake in not getting SRU."
,Recommended,314980,17148102,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Andres,"I can recommend the game, is pretty complex and entertain. You can research tons of technologies, units blueprints, trade and build facilities in your country. I only wish the game had a bigger fanbase, it's pretty niche. Still a great game."
76561198059059017,Recommended,314980,18879288,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Snuffy,Buggy as all hell.. Yet manages to still be fun.
76561198087449437,Recommended,314980,19002747,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,defcon252-2009,this is a fun game to have and if you are up for a chalange. I wish they would make a mod like wolfenstein :3 now that be very fun to play.
76561198038604110,Recommended,314980,12245009,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Putin,"Buggy, but would recommend. 10/10"
,Recommended,314980,12919267,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,XIST_,"An incredible grand strategy game which basically makes the previous ones obselete. It takes the improved UI from 1936 and compiles all of the previous games (except for 2010) together to make one truely ultimate experience. A game I haven't really got into (mainly due to the poor optimization and severe complexity), but when I have the time, I look forward to delving into the world of SRU. I have loved the time I put into this game, and even if you are just interested in the game, I think the $30 is definitely justified. If you have any previous SR games (especially the relatively new SR 1936), I would recommend waiting for a sale unless if you REALLY want more SR. The game is great, and I look forward to wasting time in it when I should actually be doing something productive."
76561198043356962,Recommended,314980,13650802,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ZEvans96,"I'm going to begin this review by saying what a lot of people are saying, if you are getting this for multiplayer don't buy it. Sometimes it can work well and be fun, but it will take you hours to get a game going...However, this game is like no other game out there. There are hundreds if not thousands of different unit designs to choose from, from 1936 - 2020 and beyond. Its a great war simulator if you choose to use it that way, you can drag and click with mobs of troops or you can play tactically.The AI in SRU is better than in the rest of the Supreme Ruler series, but it still leaves some to be desired. While the AI can be challenging to the player, generally unless they are a huge country with hundreds or thousands of units to send at you, you don't have much to worry about. The naval invasions are easily stopped by placing ships at your port because they don't send naval escorts. There isn't much of a naval AI, but I believe I have seen improvments in this.The economy is fairly detailed, the world market reacts to how much resources there are in the world and the demand. So they generally represent the world economy, but i'm not sure what else to really say about it.The world doesn't really seem to interact with the player in any real way, I often find myself just siting there not knowing really what to do but let time go by and then end up just going to war for the heck of it. If you are new to the game I recommend large countries to start but to really feel like you're in the game and to be actually doing something I recommend smaller countries as they actually need more attention.Overall the game is great and I recommend it, I have had a lot of fun playing multiplayer (And a lot of stress and wasted time) and I have a lot of time in Singleplayer. If you are looking for a good political simnulator, look somewhere else, if you're looking for decent economics and great warfare than you found the right game."
,Recommended,314980,18663459,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Grass Eater,"A great strategy game. I really enjoy the diverse unit types, and i just love the replayability of it."
,Recommended,314980,23967376,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zylluic CSOFFER.ME,Very good saudi are just like real life.
,Recommended,314980,18943154,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nobody,"This is game is about a 6/10 Its a great grand strategy game but it could use some imporment such as fixing the frame dropping in the game about 2 years in when you have a large military out and own lots of land. adding other ways of taking over a country Economicly, Production diplomacy (could be worked on a bit more)."
,Not Recommended,314980,17489389,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NEE-CHAN,"After so many complaints the game company still haven't fixed the large issue concerning the multiplayer.-  Will abandon the series.I have followed Supreme Ruler since 2020 after my friend tipped me, got the Gold expansion and couldnt wait for Ultimate to get out. The problem we had was not being able to play together, which most likely is the only fun when it comes to this game, sitting alone is like playing the cardboard game Risk all by yourself for several hours.- Singleplayer works flawless- LAN multiplayer works, but insanely boring- Online does not work.There's tips of using Gameranger, Hamachi etc. to build up a ""fake LAN"". works 1/10 times after disconnecting and connecting and it always ends with the game desynchronizing. I Believe 10 players together playing this game would be more or less the ultimate feeling of ultimate. But as of now, just a let down.Singleplayer has better options than LAN?Playing the Campaing or just random Sandbox on singleplayer, I was able to make every country my colony if I wished, as long as I had the troops to do so. I could free other countries by Liberating them and making them my allies or just simply claim the land. Playing 2+ removes the option of Annexing, Liberating and Colonizing.When it comes to the haste of the game, we could understand that using ""Fastest"" as speed was only for singleplayer,as it makes your PC work at it's strongest will to make the game go at über speed.But not even Very Fast was working as the game got Desynchronized, leaving us to send the savefiles over and restart.We were stuck playing at Fast which... for a game likes this, feels very slow. Especially for the buildings taking up to 700 days to complete. (Research facility).Do I recommend this game?Yeah sure, if you dont have any internet.Otherwise, no."
,Recommended,314980,19087135,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kyle_Lucian,"I really like the idea behind this game. There are some frustrating flaws with this game. One being the nuke system is broken nukes are so underpowered they are not even worth building. Second the political system is buggy and broken. I am waiting for a good Geo-Political Grand Strategy style game to be released. This game had a lot of potential but fell short in almost every way.Tech Tree 5/5Political Options 3/5Politicial System 1/5 (politics are very buggy and broken)Intelligence System 2/5 (Fell short in almost every way, spies are almost usless)Military 3/5 (nukes were usless and battles felt broken, still playable)Political System 2/5 (almost non-existant ability to declare martial law, change government, etc... would be a nice addition as well as side efects to government ie Democracy means you can be elected out of office.)On top of the things mentioned features to be added better satellite options, better intelligence options, better political options. WMDs that actually work, and have real effects on population and in the global opinion. Smoother battles, and a military heirachy that adds to command and organization.All in all the game has very fun aspects its worth playing just fell short of what I was looking for."
76561198007666575,Not Recommended,314980,27979621,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Lobo Of WS,"Its a fun game, but it is virtually unplayable after a certain date because the game crashes. The AI does nothing except build military unites. You control the world economy becuase you are the only country that produces any other resources. The devs are not good. Some of the campains are broken where you cant even complete objectives. I wish I could recommend this game. If the devs fix the campaign I will change this review."
,Not Recommended,314980,28883253,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sharuez Bot 9002,"It really is a great concept and a great game its fun enjoyable and not slow paced well it wouldnt be if the game could actually run smoothly but it drops FPS after the first couple years, fanboys will say get a better pc but when you have a amazing computer with mibnmal lag on triple A titles and other more CPU demanding games but for some reaosn this game jsut wont run well or correctly with CPU well seems to be a game code issue more than anything. If this game could run well and run great  Iwould most definitely recommend but if you dont have a 5.0 GHz quad core then dont try at all cuz LAG and FPS drop also this game doesnt use all cores or only use 4 cores which is upsetting. I dont see multi-threading nor anyway to change or check it no on will confirm from devs."
,Recommended,314980,24310437,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Raassh23,"play as indonesia, invade other country. best game ever"
76561198040122576,Recommended,314980,13598388,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,shuggdelakaine,Always enjoy a supreme ruler; only suggestion is that there is a faster option to speed time
76561197995610017,Recommended,314980,15227550,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Barbarian815,"I still play this game for many hours i still dont know why i play so much time back a back but i do it, and love that... I think it is the beggining of an addiction... 10/10"
76561198074300888,Recommended,314980,15200784,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Marx' Marvelous Muffins,"a good simple game with historical accuracy (at the beginning of the game) and a alternate history aspect, good combination of the other games with some fun scenarios and good campaigns, the campaigns have set 'missions' to add to historical accuracy as they are missions that the leaders of the time set themselves.However if you are looking for an in depth strategy game this isn't what you are looking for"
,Recommended,314980,16226125,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jacob_Applehoof,"This is a very difficult game. Conquesting is difficult, since it usually leads to a lowered public aproval, which lowers production of all materials, At 60 hours, I've done my best, and still have troubles getting past 1945 (the game beginning at 1936). This is a great game for choice, for alternate universes, and many many hours of hard work. If you're willing to give the game this, then you'll have a lot of fun."
76561198079643488,Recommended,314980,18823270,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,That One Guy,It's all fun and games until Iran develops the bomb. 10/10 would be nuked again.
,Not Recommended,314980,14214170,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,"There are so many variables in the game to take into account. I wish the gameplay was a little faster. On the fastest speed it'll take 1 hour for ~ 1 year. Never been able to get multiplayer to work. Sometimes I think the stats are just all chosen random at the start of the game. How much resources your people use.I started the same sandbox game, same everything options. Three games started with 3 different starting conditions under the same starting options.Oi for the love of achievements, make them time sinks.Many of the numbers don't ever really seem to addup. Production and actual use will be doing crazy dances. With no justification as to why. So many options and stats to watch but they hardly ever seem like they are accurate. So many games ended restarted ended restarted. I am restarting no more and changing my mostly positive review after so many hours.Plays more like a random number generator."
76561198061815898,Not Recommended,314980,14694828,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Learnandburn,"I have been playing this game since its early beta release and have been holding out on this review for quite some time. The reason for that is because I felt this game had a lot of potential, and offered something unique to the RTS gamer. However, after release, and a second release (Supreme Ruler Ultimate) the game still lacks logical or sensable content. AI constantly remain idol, or stuck in one time period, and lack any sort of diplomatic logic. The game uses a UN system, who's rating can never be changed or influenced but the rating effects all diplomacy and your economy. The Research system is full of dead ends and techs with absolutely no description/purpose. The challenge isn't even here. Starting at China in 1936 I have the military and economic might of 1990s China by the 1950s while other countries like the USA remain in a downward spin of debt, or research 1 new tech every decade. This game is a great trick, it looks very promising, but lacks the right content to allow the game to function. The game is still loaded with bugs, glitches, and crashes regardless of your system. Updates come once every month 1/2 or 2 and the content is to fix what you'd expect would have been done before release. To conclude this rant, don't buy this game for another 4 years, it will take them that long to add content and fix the bugs at their rate."
,Recommended,314980,14242437,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Playing Fate/Gacha is suffering.,"*** Warning: Addictive Diseases ***Somebody love to play grand strategy games, now they are in a mess...This game is one of the most underhyped dangerous addictive thing in the strategy gaming biosphere.Warning pointVery much, much gameplay improvement from the last BG work, the Coldwar (the 1936 is not counted).Timeline is going furter from the World War era to the after 21st century (and beyond the 22nd century...).Over thousand state-of-the-art units and global units. (I can't remember them all, damn.)Micro management is still be here, no runaway. But you have a slim more chance for catching up theaddictinglearning curve with the (easier?) tutorials.Less AI dull, less buggy; but they still be the main weak point of this game.The second weak point, less accurated historical, is polished. But this BG's work is nearly no ending, really.Ah, INB4 the finally. It seem I couldn't find any my hardware (and software) issues yet, both Geforce (GT5xx up) and Quadro (1xxx up).Hint: Its bugs and poor AI management might cure this diseases. But the time is going on, It is keepingfixed by each updateevolve and be more stable. Please be considered carefully."
,Recommended,314980,12988344,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,"I have mixed feelings about this game. On the one hand it's clear that a lot of effort went into making the game a believable simulation, it plays and feels a lot like Hearts of Iron 3. You can play many nations during various points in history and there are a variety of scenarios and challenges.On the other hand, the interface could use a lot of work, information is not efficiently communicated to the player and it's not filtered well so players can become overwhelmed with useless and trivial spam. The interface is also overwhelming, and lacks adequate tool tips. The game also has an extremely steep learning curve, and the tutorial isn't user friendly.So this really awesome game that gets so much right has a prohibitive user interface system, and because of that most (like me) will likely only just scratch the surface."
,Not Recommended,314980,22756588,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Xi Jinping's Island Vacations,"Let me start this off by saying I have plenty of experience with grand strategy games, and am pretty good with bad interfaces. I have played almost an hour of this game, and have unsuccessfully spent the hour trying to figure out how to use the interface. Superpower 2's interface? Clunky, but logical. Star Ruler? Pretty much the same. The issue with this interface is that it just doesn't make any sense. There are fewer buttons and areas to manage than the above two, at least on the surface, but the ways in which the buttons are organized make no sense. Things that look clickable aren't, features aren't where you'd think they would be, and there is no pattern for organization. While the game looks feature-rich and has plenty of interesting mechanics, the UI is too confusing to make it worth most people's time. It sure doesn't seem to be worth mine."
76561197964402548,Not Recommended,314980,29464614,Posted: 24 January,all,Stikk,"Very similiar to every other SR game. It's really fun, but the game slows down so much as you play that after a few hours of playing, say 7 game years or so, that it is just unplayable. 12 hours in the ingame clock should not take 15-20 seconds on a computer that can play anything else on max settings and not have any issues. So while the game is super fun, I just can't recommend buying it because it turns into a tabletop simulator after what is NOT a long amount of playtime at all. Apparently, most other people agree about the slowdown in gameplay as well. Do your research"
76561197964894376,Recommended,314980,25888003,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,100% Boer,"THis is one of the best games "" The only thing that will be bonus if They bring out A DLC that You can add your own country and maybe ad man made Island "" I won't mind buying that dlc"""
76561198063245160,Recommended,314980,12547972,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,illPosedProblem,"1937, Japan declares war on China.China manages to conquer Manchuko, the japanese colony, and becomes the master of all Japan, including the islands and all other colonies.10/10"
76561198046919234,Recommended,314980,34382021,Posted: 20 August,all,HerrDak,"Allong with Supreme Ruler ""The Great War"" this is definitely my favorite grand strategy game of all time... it has all... a good economic system, a good war system and a good diplomatic system that will make you fell like a real statesman planning according to your geopolitical strategy."
,Recommended,314980,15635061,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BIG DADDY,Just buy the damn game
76561198103203133,Recommended,314980,15549575,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Róguekittens,its really fun and theres a few games like this and havnt played them yet but they all have the same thing... there is A LOT TO LEARN i have been reading alot on how to run countries successfully. definitly build only a few things at a time... i learned building 100 + factories at once doesnt work out so well and is just a little expensive :psomething i found funny but also a great flaw...-play as poland in 2020-try to bring poland out of a hard time (high unemployment)- spend countless hours lowering unemployment and stabilizing the economy with only 4.5% unemployment down from 8% (roughly)-after a year (in game) passes you decide to sell a large amount of consumer goods that was sold to you from other countries below the market price- sell it to the USA 1 billion dollars worth of goods and they bought it for 3.3 billion-decides to buy 3.3 billion dolloars worth of consumer goods on the market and turns around and sells that to america for 6 billion-keeps doing this for maybe a month in game turns 1 billion worth of consumer goods into 300 billion dollars-USA keeps taking out loans and has a life time supply of consumer goods and debt rises to keep buying consumer goods-economy in poland recovers due to lots of money being thrown around-prepares plans for world domination and is starting to buy troops from other countries from around the worldFuture plans....-build reserves up to 3 trillion-teach russia a lesson ;)but overall this game is challenging to catch onto but as you start to understand it it is pretty fun i still am missing out on a lot but so far i can run a successful country :p
76561198019090261,Not Recommended,314980,22872117,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,lolwut,"I can't in good conscience recommend this game.  It is not very intuitive or realistic.  The complexity to operate it sucked any and all interest out of me.  After trying to play the weak tutorial (China) for about four hours, I threw in the towel.  Way too tedious to learn for too little return."
76561198005777386,Not Recommended,314980,13073774,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Radox,"I like the concept it brings (ie. post WWII), but i wish paradox had developed this to sort out the clunkiness and micromanagement required.If you're a fan of HOI 3 quality, UI, and intuitiveness - perhaps skip this one. even as a seasoned HOI player the learning curve is through the roof on this and  the tutorial is poor/too lite."
,Recommended,314980,12633790,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,risikofaktor(CH),"i am a big fan of grand strategy games. this game is a great compilation of all the supreme ruler games and i can recommend it to all paradox (hoi, etc) fans. if you want a game that goes deeper than the newest civizilation games, this might be a good buy for you! thumbs up!"
76561198050157692,Recommended,314980,14395992,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bastoora,Bought it last week. 130.8 hours lifetime. Nuff said.
76561198066359720,Recommended,314980,15293220,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Communist_Toast,Invaded all of world with Tibet12/10 would conquer the world with the tibetian war machine again.
76561198018881676,Not Recommended,314980,17393442,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DiCtAtOr,not much different from 2020 and still has crappy AI
,Recommended,314980,16259609,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,cameron,i declare war on ur stupid♥♥♥♥
76561197996768339,Recommended,314980,14873620,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MuricanPatriot,Pretty good game much better
,Recommended,314980,24577179,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gunam,"Pretty good game, I rate this:I need reinforcements/We took thier capital-IGN"
76561198030710429,Recommended,314980,19266025,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sparky28,10/10 would waste life invading again
76561198010927672,Recommended,314980,12962683,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ice Bird,"If your starting in the Supreme Ruler world begin here. Has a bit of a learning curve when it comes to the game economy, but all in all lots of fun."
,Recommended,314980,19877296,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ThOmAs,"It's like Supreme Ruler: Cold War, but 1000000000000000000% better"
76561198137803796,Not Recommended,314980,17276636,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DuraLex,"I wasted $30. This game has niether the diplomatic interaction of Victoria II, nor the military features that made the Total War series so enjoyable. Instead, you're left with a hybrid that is complicated: the graphics are clunky, the lag is palpable, and the unit controls so obtuse and diffucult that the game - for me, at least - was more annoying than enjoyable to play. If you want geopolitical strategy, go for Victoria II (especially HoD), if you want mililtary strategy, go for Total War. In the end, like me probably, after struggling through hours of slight unit moves in an arcane system, you'll end up writing off the money you lost. C'est la vie. But be warned."
76561198173407081,Recommended,314980,14434175,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Rei Raiden,My favourite grand stratergy game
76561198026306291,Recommended,314980,13171149,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,conoruk94,Absolutley love this game! Anyone fancy Multiplayer games add me and we'll sort something out :)
76561198061432995,Recommended,314980,13797131,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Friedrich Ebert,"Overall, Great Game.Some flaws, like the difficulty of trying to start an online game ,  but maybe thats just my problem.Another flaw is the AI , especially the Naval AI . I was the UK and navies such as the Guatemalan Navy were wandering around my waters , which made no sense to me, but it doesn't affect the in-game experience too much.There are plenty of different game modes , all of which are enjoyable.Plenty of playable regions,which makes for a varied playing experience. It is easy to immerse yourself in the game, it is highly addictive and you can expect to rank up the hours in the game.The Campaign is a pretty time consuming aspect of the game. The scenarios are good , unfortunately,there is only 2 custom scenarios. The Sandbox is best for beginners, i am not a beginner and thats the mode i use most.This game is multiple times better than the previous edition (1936). Overwhelmingly Recommended."
76561198135952130,Recommended,314980,15038679,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,crazyrobbyx,YOU NEED THIS GAME NOW
,Not Recommended,314980,28799147,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,☭Sovietkiller☭,Game is a complete and total gaggly ♥♥♥♥. if you like extreme micro managment on a massive scale you might like this game.
,Recommended,314980,14148907,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Connor,This game has completly consumed me and quite honestly I don't care because this game is truely awesome.
,Recommended,314980,15324294,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Firstguy1,This game is pretty good. It has all three era scenarios with several campaigns and scenarios. My favorite part is the sandbox since I can choose any country from the three ears.
,Recommended,314980,15264937,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,atraphoenix,"I have played this series since 2020. I missed 2010 so I have no idea on it. This last version of the series had many improvements and the good thing it is still under development.For just this version that I began to support it prerelease the modern maps needs some fixes but WW2 maps are OK. I still miss a 1914 WW I map but am happy with the cureent WW II scenarios. In my opinion it is the best geopolitical simulator if you like this genre and it is very addictive. Many newcomers may complain about things that they do not know how to do. For experienced players modern maps and economy needs fixes. Other than this the developers added many things that was absent in previous titles like unit trading with allies a must have future also caused me to stop playing earlier titles. On the other hand I must confess that this game is not for everyone.This game has its own economical model that is quite different from modern theories although basics are same namely supply and demand is still major part of the economical side of the game but classical economical approaches may not help you a lot. This game has a very long learning curve that may discourage many but if you try you can have your own style. For example my strategy is same for any country I play with 1st Product self suffieciency, 2nd enough researching to get some good army technology and other useful civil ones, 3rd modernized small but elite army and finally after I have enough stockpiled war materials that in game they are petroleum and military goods used by your army in war. After that it is finally the world is yours. Many may say other but I prefer colonizing the world not annexing because if you keep annexing you cannot handle if your goverment is democracy no matter how experienced you are.I advice not to hurry on conquest but develop earlier then fight and if you are new avoid modern maps try WW II maps."
,Not Recommended,314980,22517683,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,paxan,"Idea of this game its nice, big potential, but its everything... I have i5-3230m, 8GB ram, 120GB SSD, but HD 4000... play for peace its good, but only one war and play 5 year game, game gift me many lags... any timeI buy in discount, but even so a waste of my money.Please do something about it, what developer doing? nothing?"
76561198216342109,Recommended,314980,22804550,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Grim,It's a great game to teach your kids how the world should be
76561198113590216,Recommended,314980,17551995,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ChairmanYan,"I find the AIs too sensitive. All i did was try to complete the unification of China by declaring war on Taiwan two game weeks into the game. Annexing North Korean when it decleared war on South Korea (just because I know what it'll turn into later, I am doing them a ♥♥♥♥ing FAVOR!). And sent spies over to the U.S so i can get in with the space race. Now 50hs later my world market rating is still 0.0%. Take a chill pill god damn it, I need my BONDS!"
76561198023767130,Recommended,314980,17394350,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DesertFerret7,"This game is pretty good. Although I would want it to be like War Game.  The game does have it flaws but I don't hate it. It could use some new features like new Campaigns for 2020 and Shattered World and the 70s, 80s, and 90s and also 2000. That's what I would like to see. I wonder if Supreme Ruler 2 will come out. Only what remains is to be seen."
76561197995657747,Recommended,314980,14284490,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,][)) (()) ][V][,Do you recommend this game?Yes
,Not Recommended,314980,35310733,Posted: 29 September,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"I'd give this game a chance (and it looks pretty damn good, all in all) if it weren't so damn slow. Building up an economic base takes time. A lot of time. But even when i turn up the game speed to fastest it takes way too long to actually let some time pass."
,Not Recommended,314980,20962108,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sydron Knight,"would be nice if I can change Government to Monarchy. YES Monarchy is different from a Dictatorship. And whats up with all the Democracy, It's Republic. the USA is a Republic. A Democracy is a fansy form of Oligarchy which is a small group of Dictators. The Government forms with in the game is the dumbed down uneducated versions of reality."
76561198170786089,Recommended,314980,13901787,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,danieldaken,"Aha, Great game.. i love me some Geo Political simulator games. I use to love the SR 2020 but after they added the Sphere Influence and real politicians and also allowing you to have proxy wars makes this game just that much more better and realistic.. By the way why Justin Trudeau? Only problem is i dislike how some arti can shoot down my planes but agh i can suck it up nothing to terrible."
76561198045331729,Recommended,314980,28577696,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,firefist187,This game is for hard core real time stratagy. Will lose track of the time.
76561198118702462,Recommended,314980,15188958,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Septimus,Nice game but you will likely have speed (performance) problems
,Recommended,314980,19980218,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lord of Apeiron,"This game is fun. I like attempting to turn Canada into a military power. Now if only i could just get some nukes i could nuke the US, and then my life would be complete."
76561198181411155,Recommended,314980,26643062,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Stahl Auschwitz,I like it.
76561198001926531,Not Recommended,314980,17025922,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TBarbaren,"I love the Supreme ruler games, have played many hundreds of hours of the 2020 and 2020-gold games.Made the mistake to assume that Ultimate would be better, but it isn´t. The game is slower, and some of the mechanics I just don´t like."
,Recommended,314980,30572686,Posted: 17 March,all,JJ Big Moose Nutnut,"HOW I ♥♥♥♥ED YOUR MOM-Start game as Germany in 1940-Take over France and its neighbors-March eastward-Take over Turkey and Iran-March southward-Take over North Africa-Accidently declare war on Italy-Take over Italy, sorry bro-Attempt to negotiate with Russia-Click wrong button-Declare war on Russia by accident-Somehow take over Russia (???)-Germany is now a continent10/10 best ""What If Hitler Won"" simulator of all time."
,Recommended,314980,15146001,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,4TB of RAM,"i love the game and i play it 24/7 ,i have 94 hours in the game.If you play lots of RTS games then this is the game for youHowever i wish they would add a world war one series into the game"
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,314980,19589293,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Hade,"Another game that I would rather give it a neutral rating, it has it's good and it has it's bad, but I'm leaning more towards negative......This game like the rest suffers from the 32-bit curse. The more units/building, the slower the game and eventual crashes when you have too much.All this one is, is just a combination of all the Supreme Ruler games. It really doesn't add anything new. Pre-Steam, I have hundreds hours into the Supreme Ruler games (mostly 2020), so don't let my 12 hrs fool you.The game is designed for you to play a more advanced country. If you play a smaller one, then all you'll get is a couple of different unit types and some tech and that's it. And eventually you get overrun by far more advanced units or get bored, more so the latter.Diplomacy is crap in this game. If the dislike you in the beginning, they'll always dislike you. Condeming or supporting an action makes no difference. Other thing I didn't like about the game is the Casus Belli. If you attack a country, every country gets a higher Casus against you, but if another country does the same thing, you don't get anything against them. Also countries will just attack you out of the blue for no reason other then that you share borders or not or it's a random event, like one of your units accidently attacked theirs.You can conduct covert actions against countries. Most of the choices seem utterly pointless. Like funding opposing factions or supplying weapons. I have yet to actually get anything to work in this. Tested this a few times, funding countries for over 5 years at max resulted in nothing, just makes for a money sink. Spies are really only good for seeing what units are around in the area, I've never been able to sabatoge anything with them ever or anything else. If a spy gets caught, it'll automatically start a war every time.The Devs couldn't figure out how to program the AI to load units onto transports, so you get merchant marines. They can land anywhere where theres a port and aren't affected by fuel, unlike your ships.Best to play with the AI controlling everything, since you can't be everywhere at the same time. Drawback to this is if you give a unit orders to go somewhere, the AI will countermand this order and if you remove the option for the AI to control the unit, I'll you'll have to remember where every single unit is. Good luck with that!The AI will also make really stupid desisions for you. Like for ranged units, instead of positioning the unit just withing striking range, it'll move it right up to front lines to be destroyed. However it's funny that AI doesn't do the same for non-human controlled players. It also has a tendacy to move ships outside of their fuel range. So there's all your ships, stuck in the ocean, can't move, unless you manually move a supply ship on top of every each one. Talked about excitement there. Oh and don't forget to take your supply ship off of AI control unless you never want it to get there.If you have planes, you have to constantly remember to move them always closer to the borders, the AI will never redeploy them, even if there are just too many at a base. Also if the base you're redeploying/moving them is out of fuel range, the only way you'll know that is if you see them crash. With the exception of radar planes, when you give them orders and they're out of range, they'll turn around, refuel, try again and again.......The game has a weird bug that if you have too much in storage of a resource or you get too much money on hand, your cash will all of a sudden go into negatives (it's a memory issue). Populations will jump into unreasonalble levels and you'll stop producing everything. And at this point all you can do is try loading a save if you have one or start over. This has been ongoing since Supreme Ruler 2020 (pre-Steam).Unlike the original 2020 (pre-Steam), you have no control over bonds and repaying them back (amongst other things). It's at the whim of the AI, so most likely you'll always be paying interest on them, even if you have plenty of cash on hand, the AI simply does not repay them back so you can be debt free. I find this method really frustrating as hell. I feel I should be able to have control over everything for my country, not just certain things, what then is the point of being a ruler in the first place.As you play, you'll find out that you're always out of Industry Goods. This is the games way of keeping you from over building/expanding. Of all the games I've played, I've never been able to get excess to stockpile regardless of how many building material building I've had or stockpiles. And if you forget to take it off from AI control, it'll sell it all and you'll never be able to build anything.Thoughout the game, you'll get messages that some resources you're selling internally are priced too high and you need to reduce it. I found this message to be utterly pointless. I've had internal prices in the negatives and I still get these messages that the population is complaining about the prices. So in other words, you're making negative profit selling internally and yet the price is still too high, WTF!You also have to keep a close eye on what the AI is doing. For instance it'll keep cranking the taxes up to well over 90%, which will cause your populatiry to go down and you'll get kicked out of office and have to do a military coup (if you can), and then at that point you have to keep the military happy. If not, game over, you lose.Thre's also too much randomness for income, one days you'll be making profit and then the next day you'll be in the negatives and you'll never be able to figure out why.Frankly the UI for 2020 way out shines what you're left with here. I had a hell of a time trying to find everything and figure it all out (it's like going from Winxp (very user friendly) to win8 (WTF). Another game that's gone from good to terrible.Time to uninstall permanantly and never buy another game from these guys ever again."
,Recommended,314980,30905244,Posted: 2 April,all,Kingdoo11,10 out of 10
76561198092405853,Recommended,314980,18061033,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Steve 444,"Its good, laid back. You dont have to have a military background to play it"
76561198046095914,Recommended,314980,21687801,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Rowan,can bail britain out of debt and turn it back into a great country.. 10/10
76561198074720971,Recommended,314980,21701763,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,"This game is deceptively good, with ""deceptive"" being the operative word. I say that because the game really does not try to entice you with its UI or presentation, but underneath is a wonderful simulation that takes a while to fully appreciate.My first game was about 15  hours. Typical stuff - build up the economy, go to war, easy win, get bored, uninstall after a few weeks in your steam library. That was over an year ago. This week, I had an itch to play the game again for some reason and started a longer campaign. I did the same things - build up the economy, build some resource buildings, annex some neighbors etc. But then I did something I almost never do - continue playing after you think you have won.This was when I discovered how much this game really has to offer. I started to understand the tech tree and gun for specific techs, I started to understand how the game models inflation and GDP growth, I started to fight wars in the supply map-mode, I started to build different unit types rather than just spamming tanks.The more I play, the more I fall in love with it. Most AAA titles last for around 30 hours. With SR, I am just beginning to appreciate the game at that mark. Of course, this game is not for everyone - it's a grand strategy title. But if you are the kind of person who likes to play Paradox games, or thought that Civ 4 was the best Civ, or still plays Capitalism 2 or any of the Railroad Tycoon titles, or loves Factorio, then you WILL love this."
76561198154332274,Recommended,314980,33265097,Posted: 5 July,all,Exeaux,It is one of best pc games.
76561198170955655,Recommended,314980,33162594,Posted: 2 July,all,b2y_we,great game
76561198039931722,Not Recommended,314980,12558802,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,anglice,"I love the scale, interface and concept of this game, however, with an i7 quad core and 8gb mem, it plays SLOW and ultimately crashes. This happens with all SR titles I have, so tried it on another PC and... Same thing!"
,Recommended,314980,24549151,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,RedRapture,"THIS REVIEW IS WITH THE TRUMP RISING DLCStarted as US in 2017.Watched as over the course of a month relations with other nations, even those not mentioned by Trump, go downhill and WTF'd, shook head at the devs believing left wing propaganda.Watched China war dec half of Asia and just watched the lines on the map change.Watched relations with central and south america go to hostile and didn't give a crap. (They don't matter anyway :P)Watched Germany and Merkel pull a WW2 style invasion of Europe with modern equipment, lol'd as France got its butt wooped (again).Declared war on Iraq, Kuwait, and ISIL at the same time, roflstomped them all.Will play again. 7/10 (seriously devs, leave the political bias to the PLAYERS and make an unbiased game)Without Trump Rising, is 8/10 since there isn't much political bias."
,Recommended,314980,13361280,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[GoD] Alyas Grey,"Yet another classic Supreme Ruler title from Battlegoat...  and this time they have opened up virtually every scenario from 1936 onwards,"
76561198002943601,Not Recommended,314980,34077328,Posted: 7 August,all,jamesmckenna77,"Game itself is pretty good, but the number of crashes, UI issues and other performance related problems make it a pain in ther a** when playing. Spend you money on something more polished."
76561198078587692,Not Recommended,314980,31026708,Posted: 8 April,all,Ark.Maduck,Supreme Lag Ultimate....My Specs :FX 8350 4ghzGTX 1060 6gb16Gb RAMNvidia driver : 378.92BF1 - 55 ~ 65 fpsGTA V - 60 fpsHearts of iron IV - 60 fpsSupreme Lag Ultimate : 8-5 fps.
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,314980,29608360,Posted: 31 January,all,ORAA,"go and buy super power 2, much better..it lags when you have more than 3000 units, and the AI of the game is stupidno way to build all the recommended buildings by the minster at once from a single button, imagine  that when you are controlling 5 continents and yoou want to increase your resource prodcution, also the same with miltary production you need to keep clicking on the unit with no way to select an amount to be built.but i have to say that the autobuild (miltary units only) feature of this game is AMAZING that's it."
,Not Recommended,314980,22104240,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,[104th]Gen. Baracade,"this games tutorial is so bad it doesnt even tell you what you do to declare war, peace treaties, it doesnt tell you how to end your turn either, this the WORST game in my entire libary i have about 50 games"
,Recommended,314980,15321145,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BWheatley,Another successful game by BattleGoat.
76561198008961837,Not Recommended,314980,13340219,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,old pete,"Let me preface this review by saying that I have been a huge fan of the SR games and have played all of them with the exception of 2010. I really want to be able to recommend this game but, sadly, I cannot. Not in its current shape at least. It is just way too buggy at this point for anyone to spend $30 on it. I did so in early access because I really enjoy the series and wanted to support the development of this game. However, I now feel somewhat betrayed by the lack of progress that has been made between then and now. The economic simulator in the game, which has always been the shining feature of the previous titles, is still utterly broken. In my last play though, I spent $98 million on a bulk purchase of electricity, only to have zero of it show up in my inventory.On top of the general game play issues, and despite comments to the contrary I've seen from others, I find this to be the most poorly optimized offering in the series. My games often ground to a halt a couple of game months in, making the game completely unplayable.I am holding out hope that the developers are still intent on making this game into a workable, finished product. They have demonstrated great fidelity to their fans in the past by frequently updating and improving the other iterations in the series. If they do so here, I will gladly change this review. Until then, I can only advise you to go buy SR 2020 Gold. It's a heck of a lot cheaper and still one of the best (and most under appreciated) grand strategy games of all time."
76561198034177991,Not Recommended,314980,19342895,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[TRG]Dan,"This game is epic. awesome. I LOVE IT. I loved, 2020. I lvoe this series.but do not buy it if you EVER want to play with anyone. This game has HORRIBLE. HORRRRRRRIIIBBBLLLLEEEEEE multiplayer. not only is it 100% a pain to even get two people to connect via the in game lobby system (which is terrible) and if you use gameranger, tunggle, hamachi, it's fine to connect. but oh. wait. you can't play the game. unless you play it like email chess. it takes litteraly 2 hours for one year to go by in multiplayer with just three people. not only that, but as soon as someone declares war, the game locks up every 5 seconds for 20 seconds. it is litteraly unplayable. I want to love this game so much but I bought it to play wiht friends in a realistic amount of time. don't waste your moeny on buying it for friends. it's a single player only game."
,Recommended,314980,20056101,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Autismo Maximus,I became Hitler. 9/11
,Recommended,314980,16265982,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AlexHöbbes#GeorgeBushCowBoyMan,I have taken over the wold as the UAE. I am worse then Hitler... And i like it.
76561198035703034,Recommended,314980,16808608,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,U.S.S.R,"nazis ,japs,etc cold war and modern day  what more could a guy/girl want wel maybe a CSA mod {confedrate states of america ]"
76561198123343710,Recommended,314980,16889548,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Rickyjr=CMD_JR420,FUN!!!!  but THE MOST DETAILED GAME EVER
,Recommended,314980,19663024,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zalaegerszeg ザラエゲルセ,You can play as Turkey and Nuke Armenia.420/69 would destroy Armenia Again
76561198155000491,Recommended,314980,19194067,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,El_Tijeras,"Recommend a lot, extremely realistic"
76561198050563516,Not Recommended,314980,15863152,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,amhershman,"The worst grand strategy game I have ever played. I would not recommend for anything more than $0.99. The game play is slow and boring, the military action is sparse and unrewarding, and regardless of what you do they game will constantly punish you for succeeding with random events and ridiculous military action."
76561198065098412,Not Recommended,314980,15766197,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Storm_Chasee,"I played it for a considerable time and some time before writing this review.  The game has tremedous POTENTIAL.Tech;  The game has a tremendously extensive tech tree.  Unfortunately too many of the techs only lead to other techs and yielded nothing in an of themselves.Command and control of units;  While you're able to build battalions of ground units which is fine, there is no good command and control system.  For a world wide game battalions need to be in divisions with some command control structure.  HOI3 has a good system.  At least ships can be put into battlegroups which can represent fleets fairly well.  There are issues with the handling of air units as well.Economy;  The game has an extensive economic system.  You have many tools to tweak your economy. Many cities are in the game with populations listed.  Here the game misses a golden opportunity.  Rather than use popuation to limit facilities built in a city, the game uses an arbitrary limit of 6 facilities per hex.  I'm sorry, but my home town which is in the game has no business having potentially as many facilities as the core hex of a major metropolis like NYC.The game also has a very simple minded low unemployment rate equals high inflation rate. The economic system has many questionable aspects, but I don't consider those a game stopper.Diplomacy; There are many different things you can do, but there are a couple things that bothered me.  One is there is only 5 levels of relationships.  It needs more than that.  Trading goods is limited to 90 day maximum trades which to me makes no sense for a game that can theoretically go for over 100 years. HOI3 system of being able to establish the trade and keep it going until someone cancels it is far superior.The developers seem to be responsive, but they may be biting off more than they can chew."
76561198018616895,Recommended,314980,26616636,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ghostdevil,"Lol, first game, started 1936 as south Africa. Why? Because I wanted to learn to play, anyways about 2 months after the game started, i see an alert. So i go to check it and what do i see? Germany wars Poland (who is also a dictatorship apparantly?) needless to say Germany wrecked face closes in on warsaw, so i go back to building♥♥♥♥♥♥preparing for south african domination, a month or so later and i see that Poland has not been destroyed, so i recheck Europe. All i see is Poland  colors all the way to Berlin, then they capture and germany capitulates, Massive Pink Blob EUiv style. Oh and France tookover italy, Then JAPAN as its FIRST action invades the USSR. Luckily for them POLAND also decides to ♥♥♥♥ The ruskies, and they invade alll the way almos to moscow. I then proceeded to war Portugal and take all their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ colonies in africa. Supply problems all the way to each village is a ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,314980,17162401,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,alex.vagni,I do not recommend this game because 1:is not translated into another language than English 2:the game does not give details on the need for the country's resources 3:Ministers are not lockable 4:policies of countries are all the same with the exception of democracy 5:The tutorial is not complete
,Recommended,314980,33756295,Posted: 23 July,all,Trebort,"Not sure why you've got Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the UK in 2020? He didn't win the election, he just thought he did."
76561198008237210,Recommended,314980,26404389,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Andarin,This game is amazing on my fifth attempt i finally figured it out and can now survive longer than 3 years.
76561198007820647,Recommended,314980,19301159,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Snoutmaster,I played this game as the United States during the cold war. My wife left me and my dog and I'm living in a caravan. Don't buy this game unless you are prepared to lose everyone you value. Its just far too addictive and enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,314980,12838009,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ilmcp,"It's a good idea, yes. But the game mechanics are not quite as developed or advanced as they should be for this price. Ifyou want a game like this, but better, try Hearts of Iron III. Though if you must try this game, wait until a sale.Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,314980,15002447,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DEVO,So far I am in love with this game!
76561198113062246,Not Recommended,314980,23378356,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Saintmeran,"The game is garbage. AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there is a huge disproportinality between forces, especially in the cold war era when soviet troops are made invincibile, it´s just a waste of time. I n comparison, supreme ruler cold war is much better, cause it´s much more balanced and the AI seems to do more."
76561197966058769,Not Recommended,314980,17006887,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mithryno,"Tough one. Can't quite recommend it.The trouble is that you have to spend so damn long educating yourself in how to play the game, and when you've finally got a handle on it you find it's not as fun as you were hoping.At first you go broke when you build a new research base and several factories, because you don't understand how much money you have. Then you master that but things get ugly as you realise you have high unemployment and a horrible inabiity to power your stuff. Then when you finally balance resources and the economy and things are going well you realise that inflation is running out of control. Then you have to learn how to manipulate taxes, production and social spending to control it. About 10 hours in you finally feel that starting a war might be on.Oh dear. The game is so damn realistic that you can't just 'start a war'. I mean you *can*, but the international community will totally shun you unless you have 'justification'. I found some expensive ways of generating 'justification' but in some cases you pretty much cannot create it at all. (It's not like EU or CK where there are fun and satisfying ways of generating CB). So you have to align with Axis who do this kind of evil stuff all the time. That's great during the second world war but the rest of the time you get screwed. And then war itself is ridiculously complex and requires another 30 hours to learn properly.It's a marginal not recommend - it doesn't give enough back for the incredibly steep learning curve."
,Recommended,314980,15050408,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,James Lister,"i played SR2020 for a very long time (not on steam) and it's my most loved Strategy game of all times.  SR Ultimate combines everthing together nicely, you can play from WWII and slowly grow your empire till modern times.what i like1) ability to move trops by sea or air2) nukes3) tech tree4) amazing DB of units to research5) full global reach, world map6) large scale battles7) the funny supprises tha the A.I can throw at you"
76561198030793844,Recommended,314980,16209586,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,dom_dom,Took over the world as the USSR. 10/10 would nuke washinton dc again.
76561198012385048,Recommended,314980,16816418,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BFVETERAN77,"MY DREAM HAS COME TRUE! I love Supreme Ruler 2010, 2020, Cold War, and 1936. I always wanted them to merge the games, but I never expected them to do it. Supreme Ruler is great and is by far one of the best strategy games of all time. Supreme Ruler: Ultimate is simply awesome. 10/10"
76561198105195595,Recommended,314980,26512416,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bush,theres not a whole lot of action and the game is kinda bland
,Not Recommended,314980,29197311,Posted: 11 January,all,Anime Reviews,"Runs worse than chemo therapy, got a nice refund."
76561198165275973,Not Recommended,314980,14438698,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,direktor,Time consuming piece of sh... expensive game. Cold war is much better than this
,Not Recommended,314980,34002824,Posted: 3 August,all,Fists o' Fury,"This is a strategy game for idiots.So rebels spawn here and there, yet you have no control over whether or not they spawn. You can convert the territory to your culture so they stop spawning, nor can you placate them by lowered taxes.Diplomacy is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's equivalent to Skyrim's bartering system ""Oh, a mystic dagger of Legend? I'll give you 20 gold for that. Oh, you want it back? Sure thing, that'd be 9240 pieces of gold""""Oh, highly technology that literally no one else in the world has? I'll give you 20 million dollars in it""The AI is spastic, invading random countries and declaring wars within minutes of the game starting. If you don't put the AI on passive, within the first week China will declare war on the Philipines, US on Cuba and Russia on France.War simply doesn't work. You can't formulate proper terriority transfer, you just capture the land in a war and hope to God by the end of it your borders look alright.Do not buy this game."
76561198042442088,Not Recommended,314980,24093957,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,rolfmjja,"I cannot explain how bad this game is. If you are looking for a short review here it is:DO NOT BUY THIS.If you want a real review here is mine:If you enjoy games that do not tell you how (or even allow in many cases) you to do anything then you will enjoy this game. I am a huge fan of grand strategy. I have something like 900 hours logged in CK2. I am perfectly fine with a substantial learning curve. I am equally ok with having to put in a large number of hours to learn how to fully enjoy a game. This game simply provides no useful information at any time. The tutorial is clumsily thrown together scenario set in pre-WWII China that provides only the most basic of information, e.g. how to build units and how to queue up research projects. Anything from a strategic level such as managing your economy, forming useful diplomatic bonds and controlling your incomprehensibly complex military is not provided.Unfortunatly this is not where the game's problems stop. On top of the fact that even figuring out what to do is near impossible, the game is riddled with glitches/bugs. On several occasions (once during a Japan 1939 campaign and another time during an Italy 1939 campaign) while ""invading"" -- I use sarcastic double quotes because this game practically demands that you not directly control your military -- the south Pacific, I gained control of Indonesia. When prompted to annex, colonize, or liberate the nation I was asked if I wanted to annex colonize or liberate myself. As a result I ended up playing the rest of the campaign as ""Japanese Japan"" (or Italian Italy in the Italy campaign). Similarly the minister controls used to influence your nations policies seem to do essentially nothing. Once when playing as the Soviet Union in the 1949 I found myself in a fair amount of debt. How this happened in the first place I don't know. That said, I gave my minister the ""reduce regional debt"" command. This policy remained in place for several years with absolutely no effect. This was not for a lack of money, I was actually running a rather large surplus. My minister simply would not pay off my regions debt. Being the astute gamer I was I decided to attempt to just manually pay off my debt with money from my treasury. Guess what? You literally cannot do that.Now a few bugs is understandable. All software is a work in progress. The community for this game, both players and the developers, is the antithesis of helpful. Most posts related to not understanding this game are met with answers that essentially boil down to 1) Did you play the tutorial? 2) You can't do that. 3) Why would you even want to do that?If I could get back the 100 some hours I put into this game I could easily have played all the way through a game that isn't really unfun. Do you self a favor and take a pass on this one. Yes even you grand strategy enthusiast."
76561198007618347,Not Recommended,314980,34907751,Posted: 12 September,all,crtaylor1,I am disappointed with this game. First of all it does not take into account the NATO alliance. And I find forming alliances even with friendly nations daunting. And when war does break out I have neutral nations shooting at my forces?? Not very realistic.There are too many pop ups to keep track of. As the game goes along events happen before you get a chance to respond to them. Often it is confusing. What does that mean? Oh. Yeah. But I did not get a chance to do anything.The game becomes chaotic and does not make any sense after a while.
76561198045268417,Recommended,314980,22696228,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BobPOS,Why the Clinton who doesn't even know NOT to use her personal email. If she can’t use common sense or federal law as a licensed attorney how competent can she be. Ie: Why choose another loser for office. Let’s mix it up because we need a real change that’s no push over or politician… What if I want Trump or even another from the republican party instead of a failure in politics as a president? Can we change the photos and names of the leaders?
,Not Recommended,314980,30089554,Posted: 21 February,all,sonyguy,Refuned the game♥♥♥♥♥♥poor FPSspecs GTx 1080i7 6800k32G ramdont boy this game poor fps not worth the time and money no fixes devs dont give a damn dont bother spending your money on this game
,Not Recommended,314980,16815225,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ChrisGriffin,bad there is nothing i can do to get the air transport system to work it may work for some ive tried 4 different computer systems and i just keep having a problem with it terriable game when one of the main funtions wont work
,Not Recommended,314980,29202726,Posted: 12 January,all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,No
76561197994067956,Not Recommended,314980,14420430,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,HairyBob.,Waste of money
76561198016747177,Not Recommended,314980,29116657,Posted: 8 January,all,Snad,terrible
76561197994705741,Recommended,314980,24698459,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,zoromer,a
,Recommended,314980,35262755,Posted: 28 September,all,Mieyszczyszyn,"Hitler was okay, I guess..."
76561197991994002,Not Recommended,314980,26721616,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,What is the matrix?,"Really Boring!!! I really wanted this to be good. This is basically a map of the world and a spreadsheet. No matter how many hours you put in, nothing ever seems to happen. If your into a mix of diplomacy, politics, trade and the utility of force, this is not for you.I'm still on the lookout for more of a Wargame franchise type game which has a more TW campaign complexity."
,Recommended,314980,26499546,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,zestyrone,Waiting for the 2020 patches TRUMP 2016!!!!!!!
,Recommended,314980,12527420,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TimeTicks,yes
,Recommended,314980,20162488,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Metalsie,"Honestly, ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the devs. Its practically the same as Supreme Ruler 2020 and it still lacks major gameplay and UI options. Note that the devs have released the same game twice with different titles and they still haven't improved it in any substantial way; its not worth a purchase.2017 EDIT: Buy it anyway lmao"
76561198052093925,Recommended,314980,15628684,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,z.machnik,"+ Very detailed global strategy, all existing countries are playable.+ Multiple start dates between 1936 and 2020.+ Ministers - almost every part of the game can be handed over to the AI if the micromanaging becomes tedious.+ Has a sandbox mode with no objectives but fun.+ Recapturing Crimea as Ukraine is fun.- Economy is weird.- Diplomacy is better, but still weird.- Needs a strong CPU.- I don't expect high quality graphics from a game of this kind, but some parts of the interface are just ugly."
,Recommended,314980,18709573,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Abhorrent,"Super Grand Strategy, 90% and 10% Military that ends on 100% military :)"
,Recommended,314980,19564483,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chairman Mao,"Do you want to be Kim Jong Un, and nuke the world?Want to start the Fourth Reich under Ubermensch, Frau Merkel?THEN THIS IS YOUR GAME!I've played every single title under the Supreme Ruler series, and although Supreme Ruler Ultimate is not as good as Cold War, its still pretty damn good!Pro's:- CAN TAKE OVER THE WORLD AS NEPAL- NORTH KOREA ALLIES WITH USA- SPEND HOURS FIXING YOUR COUNTRIES ECONOMY, ONLY TO WASTE IT IN SECONDS, BECAUSE RAG BAG SOUTH KOREA WANTS TO GO TO WAR WITH YOU- NUKE ANYONE YOU WANT!- CREATE ISISCon's:- TAKES UP TOO MUCH OF MY TIME- SOMETIMES YOU STEAMROLL TOO EASY EVEN ON VERY HARD BATTLE DIFFICULTY- I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Recommended,314980,20365448,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Josh C.,Love it
76561198007452605,Not Recommended,314980,20533669,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,YourLordAmit,"This game is confusing - I had to google lots and lots of things. And some features are stupidly not available because they're not, 'realistic'. A game I spent 25 hours playing got destroyed because I couldn't cancel the roads I'd built. I'm at war, I can't take out any loans for some reason, and 80% of my income is going towards roads I don't want. I suppose I could tough it out... but why?I really wanted to like this game - I loved EU4, and hoped this would also let me conquer the world. I'm sure it would, but this game is not polished."
76561198034885285,Recommended,314980,27361863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Water Knight,"Many diffrent scenrios and pathways you can use to take your nation to victory.  Lots of replay vavle ,but be aware there is quite a step learning curve to this game."
,Recommended,314980,27383578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mrman53,"Crazy fun game, never a dull moment."
,Recommended,314980,26711496,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kaiserblitz,All in all nice game! The only problem is the performance sometimes...  Please speed up the game a little bit dear developers!
76561198047415578,Recommended,314980,30900914,Posted: 2 April,all,Brozwald,Add real portraits of leaders.Please it would be more realistic.
76561198075207414,Recommended,314980,26770402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,volton_1,Best game ever!
76561198011489324,Recommended,314980,26912018,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rebelstewie,"this an awesome game, as for the developers, uploaded nice trump scenarios and whatnot right after election for free, these guys awesome."
76561198005285206,Recommended,314980,23330598,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,amynase,"I love the very detailed map of this game, the amount of units it offers and the ability to play from 1936 into the future.there are however some gamebreaking bugs, most notably the game becomes a crawl after about 10 years ingame, which makes further progression extremely slow at upwards of 20 seconds per ingame day.Also, the game does not offer a realistic diplomatic AI in my opinion, in the cold war scenario you can declare war on a NATO member without the rest of NATO declaring war on you in turn. Alliances in general dont mean much.A third problem I have with the game is the very inactive industrial AI, that makes it possible for the player to economically outgrow AI nations easily without much effort.Due to these major problems, I originally gave the game a thumbs down, but as the dev hints in his response here, that might have been slightly unfair considering I spent well over 300 hours ingame at the time, and have spent over 400 by now. I do see how it is unfair of me to give the game a thumbs down after 400 hours of enjoying it, so I change it to a thumbs up at this point. If you want to support a passionate small Developer team, consider buying this game, but be aware that it is by no means flawless.Since Battlegoat has a new game in the making (Supreme Ruler Great War), I hope that these major issues will be adressed, so we can have an even greater Supreme Ruler game, and I am looking forward to spending hundreds of hours in it again."
,Recommended,314980,21163102,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LadyGagasTestes,Fuq democracy
76561198033984598,Recommended,314980,18962834,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 5/10
76561198035515083,Recommended,314980,30762812,Posted: 26 March,all,TurncoatNightFury,"The game is an excellent interpritation of hstory (or alternate history) and I am pumped for the WW1 release. With that said, there should be a way to prevent the AI from spaming and to prevent them from upkeeping obsolete units. There should also be a means of trading territory. Finally, I think a server hosted multiplayer game system would be cool. Not sure if it's feesible, but it would be cool. Keep up the good work, and I would recommend this game to any statagy fan."
76561197999638138,Not Recommended,314980,28295349,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,toprob20,"I played all the Supreme Ruler games and this is one is by no means ""ultimate""! The AI is totally messed up, it just doesn't work. I tried many times but there's always some power that is completely OP and wipes out all of Europe and Asia. It's no fun to choose a smaller nation and play the long game anymore.I thought the ultimate in this game was supposed to be about playing through the 20th century, but within ten years there are no countries left. I never felt I needed to warn my fellow steam users for a game. But this one is a turd, don't buy it! It brings absolutely nothing new and it doesn't really work. The UI is just as crappy as before so you might as well buy another Supreme Ruler game. I reccomend Supreme Ruler 2020."
,Recommended,314980,20382339,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Major Lee Hung,Yes
,Recommended,314980,28994501,Posted: 3 January,all,WhenDaBeefQueefs™,"First time playing:>Become Nazi Germany>Follow campaign steps>Take Poland>Take France>Take Anyone who isn't Germany>Take Russia>Become European powerhouse>Stuck for 4 hours trying to take over Britain>Take over Britain eventually>Take Canada, just because they're there>Decide declaring war on the USA was smart>Pushed out of Canada>Decide to take South America>Take Northern South America (Venezuela)>Take Central America (Nicaragua)>Take Mexico>Try ♥♥♥♥ing the USA in the South (No homo)>Fail horribly>Lose Mexico>Move onto taking China>Success, the Chinese sucked♥♥♥♥♥at combat>Take over Siam (Needed the rubber)>Go into economic crisis>Take Siam, gain rubber, success! But not enough>Take India, gain a bigger populace (Big mistake)>Have huge issues with social rating>Spend♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of money on research and a military of 12 million+>Quit game, got bored of being dominate over smaller countries>Never have I once tried to take over Africa>I thought Africa wasn't there anymore>Turns out I had 20 different colonies there that was at war with me>Quit game anyway10/10 would try to take over Africa next time."
,Recommended,314980,30989900,Posted: 6 April,all,EvilDave,"This is the best large scale strategy game yet made.  It does not crash.  Multiplayer works amazing.  If only Sid Meier could make a game that actually worked this well!  Just don't expect cool graphics, and the economic system is manageable, but barely, and makes little sense."
76561197981644699,Recommended,314980,29384607,Posted: 20 January,all,starsky1983,love this game would love to try multiplayer if people would like to join me
76561198007956071,Recommended,314980,20318255,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nike-Ajax,"Best Grand Strategy game ever. Hands down and no contest.None of that softcore, mainstream bulls***  for little impatient children - this is a game with a rather steep learning curce and can be incredible complex if you want it to. The operative word being IF you want to.The learning curve have been made much less steep with the introduction of numerous trailers, hints and help in general.This is the only game in its class, and with the choice to dumb down Hearts of Iron 4 to the level of drooling gluesniffing 6 year olds, it seems that it will be the only game of its kind in the foreseeable future. If not ever.This game has a good gameplay, the best AI of any grand strategy game, good enough graphics as in that it has everything it needs AND it loads faster than any game I know.Also it has an excellent Sandbox feature, which makes this a game that can be played again and again."
76561198071309618,Recommended,314980,29345144,Posted: 18 January,all,dichebach,I still prefer Supreme Ruler 2020. Cold War 1936 and this one (which effectively combines all of them into one game) do not seem to be as well balanced.Nonethless a 3.9 / 5
76561198001740846,Recommended,314980,31688351,Posted: 11 May,all,Texan214,Solid evolution of the series. Not as intimidating as the first 2010 for new players but lost some depth of previous titles. Still fun as heck and tons of replayability. Bug persist but BG is going in the right direction.
76561198030978201,Recommended,314980,31673491,Posted: 10 May,all,bloomersimon,"You really need to be prepared to lose battles if you attack other nations, as other nations will ""pile on"" and send in units to help your foes."
,Recommended,314980,16344266,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rigafan,"A very niche title but if you enjoy geopolitics, war gaming, strategy and the world domination type you should definitely check this title out.Personally I prefer Supreme Ruler 2020 GOLD but this version does come with an updated engine and more content than 2020 Gold."
76561198032343928,Recommended,314980,33661922,Posted: 19 July,all,QuakeMexico,"The game can take you to the journey of tons and i mean it tons of hours and days, and weeks, and months of game and fun trying to conquer or changing the world as we know it !"
,Recommended,314980,20494167,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,(CDN) Pandaman2001=3,This game is just the best game you will ever play get it nnoowwww
76561198049828375,Not Recommended,314980,28616687,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Yander,"Why does Russia need to research ""artillery guns"" (1901) in 2020? Even more serious, why does The U.S need to research ""modern clothing"" in 2017? I understand there are some non tradeable research projects (such as urban development or power grid upgrades) will be necessary in specific developing countries, but modern superpowers needing to research such basic (and often untradeable) technologies is just ludicrous."
76561198077776126,Not Recommended,314980,18161407,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Hesiah,"🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈IntroductionSupreme Ruler: Ultimate was meant to be the final [But in truth it is not] version of the Supreme Ruler SeriesSadly, i feel to not suggest to buy this game for a few reasons that i will state below.The following review is based on the complete version of the game [all dlcs] and is not meant to be an informative guide to the game itself. It is higly recommended to get informed about the game itself before reading it.🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈Objective Positive Points✔ The graphic and the Interface has got some improvements since the previous versions.✔ The AI is now more reactive during wars.✔ The in-game speed has got a significant boost.🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈Objective Negative Points✖ Multiplayer requires third party programs such as Tunngle or Hamachi.✖ The AI is still too stupid to be a real challenge.✖ Diplomacy is a bluff: Having a peace with someone is almost impossible, it is destroy or be destroyed, ALWAYS.✖ The game tends to slow down after playing a bit.✖ The updates are too few and... not decisive.✖ The developers lied by saying that this would have been the last and definitive version, while they released a new game called ""Supreme Ruler: The Great war"" aaand, about that, i think it is necessary to say that, except for the timeline, NOTHING has been changed in the new game. So, this point has to be intended as a critique to the developers and their way of making business wich is totally not serious.🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈Subjective Positive Points❕ Multiplayer games MAY, and i say MAY, be funny.🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈Subjective Negative PointsThese are the main points that made me decide to not recommend this game.❗ The second world war scenario is always intended to make Germany look like a warmonger country, while all the others are ""saints"".❗ Tactic is a really subjective argument in this game...❗ Giving back territories to countries is hard and you can only give them territories they have loyalty in: that means that, for example, i can not give France Sardinia because it does not have any loyalty there and guess what... there is no way to change the loyalty of a region... So the only way to gain territories is by expanding.❗ After a bit, you realize this game is even simplier than Risk.🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈Final Point⭐ Battlegoat has slowly shown to us the real nature of a group of scammers: Their games are always incomplete, broken and full of bugs, overpriced and overall not ready to be published. I suggest you to not only avoid buying this game, but to avoid buying anything from them at all.⭐🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈"
76561198079451411,Recommended,314980,27273903,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KemuNalle,"I see still possibilities, i expect colonize function will be fixed (repair ect.)"
