user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,315460,14795719,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tea_Time,"""I'll increase the price at each major update during the Early Access period, until it reaches it final price of $12.This is how I see this early access: you pay only for what is already done, not for empty promises! ""If only some game devs could take example on this .."
,Recommended,315460,23252197,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹ProtoStar⧸⎠╱,"MULTIPLAYER. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!!!Edit: v0.3, multiplayer is here!"
,Recommended,315460,22770744,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,AjiMundi,"Dig or Die may seems like just another Terraria clones, but underneath the similar mechanics, it is quite a different beast. Its unique mechanics sets it apart from Terraria, and so it is worthy of attention even from Terraria veterans.The two prominent unique mechanics are: liquid and structural physics. Water not only flows down and fills up space, it exerts pressure to surrounding blocks. Building blocks have structural strength, so they can crumble under pressure. No longer can you dive into the ocean, dig a chamber, create a one block thick seal, and 'mine' the water out to start a dry underwater tunnel. Do that in this game, and the sealing blocks will crumble and your tunnel will be flooded, just as it would in real life.Structural integrity will also apply to buildings. You will not be able to create a high one block wide tower with platforms on the side, or that stair structures you used so many times in the other games, because your lower blocks would crumble under the weight. A long one block bridge, highway in the sky? Snap! You get the idea.This game is pretty much under the development, so you will be able to learn these and other features as the game develops. By the time this game came out of Early Access, you will be master at managing water pressure and structural integrity.I will give this game a score of 8/10."
,Recommended,315460,18240255,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Deathcricket,"Alpha games are tough to rate as they are in progress but so far this is a 9/10 for me. I feel as this gets closer to release it will be a 10/10.Pros:- Fun graphics (guy jumps like old school megaman)- Lots of content. (tons of varied enemies, bosses, etc)- Zero bugs. game never crashes, solid physics engine, water behaves rationaly, etc- Fun progression. No grinding, just fun exploring. You can not kill new types of enemies to keep the game from progressing to harder levels if you feel in over your head.-  It's like terraria and Craft the World, with biomes and underwater bases. If you like that type of game this will be most enjoyable for you.- Price/Value. Right now the game is $4.99 which is an incredible value for what you get.- Lovely music/sound effects- Great base defense and tower defense type setup.Cons: (being picky as this game is pretty flawless)- The ships computer in the beginning of the game kinda cheats (scans) and tells you where to find everything, if you want a challenge don't listen to him.- The overcharge cannon has such a high kickback you keep donking your head and sometimes die.- So many enemies come at night digging at you that you frequently create large underground spaces. Would like the AI to better use existing passages and not dig the entire world up trying to get at you. Just bugs me having a base floating there with no rock or passages around it.I dunno maybe it's because I just got done playing Skyshines Bedlam, which was $20 and had 1/16th the content this $5 game has and also was a complete steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm now biased. But Dig or Die is an absolute delight to play and incredibly fun. I'm completely hooked and haven't had this much fun in ages. I haven't been this excited about a game since Ori and The Blind Forest. You know when it's hard, but not so hard you say ""screw this"" and you just stay up till the wee hours of the morning playing it? That's the type of addicting game this is. Whether it's prefecting you underwater base and getting your safety airlocks in place, or building a rikity bridge across a chasm trying to discover new riches, the game is constantly fun. I can't say enough good things about it.With so many ealry access games out there♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with bugs, lack of content, glitches, crashes, and you name it. This game shines like a uranium nugget in the swamp biom (sorry inside game joke).Just buy it now, thank me later."
76561197973307364,Recommended,315460,20387625,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jordon,"Super recommend.Obviously comparitive to Terraria, but with much cleaner and easier to follow mechanics. Mining isn't as tedious and construction is a lot of fun. The environmental elements and physics make it very stimulating, fighting and base defense is a great mechanic.I loved Terraria, but it just consumed too much time (mining) - this is a game someone with a job can play. While it has one, you don't actually need the wiki open on the side to play it."
,Recommended,315460,16614377,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shaving Ryan's Giant Privates,"5 $ For a great experience.Begins the gameGreeted by a pleasant MenuStarts a new game on Hard cause I thought I would be fine.Day 1 Begins.I Pick my tools up beside my crashed ship.I saw a bee and decided to kill it!began making my housefound out you could make turrets!Killed more bees and animals to get materials for turretsbuilt a couple of turrets and defended my wooden houseThan the horrors, I hear buzzing from far away and the howling of wolvesI thought I would be safe with my house and turrets.I was safe for awhilethan the rain came, It came like the stories of NoaMy house flooded, I had to run from my safe house.I grabbed what I could andI went underground shooting my way through bugs.Was scared didn't even want a house at that point, decided to make a little hole in the rocks.Thinking I was safe. I hear the buzzing again, I thought""They are coming again""than my heart starts pounding.I keep telling my self I'm fine, I'm in my hole.Than I realize 1 block after another was getting destroyed by a horde of laser shooting bees.than I said NOT THE BEE'S!15/10 would get dreams crushed by bees."
,Recommended,315460,19539441,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Seph,"A lot of these reviews don't really say why this game is a hidden gem. The developer really deserves the money he gets from this- 5$ gets you more than what you pay for. This isn't a game for everybody, though. It requires lots of planning and management to survive at harder difficulties, but on easy and normal you can be a bit more relaxed. It's a somewhat short game, but what do you expect from early access? The developer takes suggestions on how the game could be better or what items would be cool, so if you feel like this game is missing one amazing item, just say so in the discussion thread!Exploration and material gathering is needed, which can get tedius at times, but you'll pretty much be constantly on your toes with enemies you can easily take out, but doing so will kill you at nighttime. The fact that you have to worry about night makes you have to plan out your adventures carefully and sparingly. Returning home early is better than returning later at night and dying.A major fun-factor is how you can boost your jumps and movements just by shooting your plasma weapons (Shotgun is best for this) in the opposite direction when you jump, effectively using the knockback to get to hard-to-reach places, for fighting tactics (I love to just boost above a firefly, fall down and just blast that sucker straight into the ground) and to reduce fatal fall damage to nothing.Water is a very restricting factor in this game- at one point in time you'll have your main cave blocked out by water, causing you to find the source of the problem and plug it up or plan out how you can use your time sparingly underwater unless you want to meet an untimely death. Even your base is prone to floods if you don't plan it out carefully!Now the enemies are something else. Want a new miniaturizor that will mine things faster? Well, you're going to have to prepare yourself, because that firefly you need to kill for it sure isn't going to go easy on you. Need some aluminum, but don't want to die by these tough enemies at nighttime? Well, you're going to have to move around them or avoid them outright. Running away is always an option, but make sure they don't dig out a path towards you right when you think you're safe.Defense is fun as hell. You'll spend a lot of time figuring out what turrets work best in what areas. More area coverage means less enemies your turrets have to deal with at a time, but that means more management and costs for keeping them up- and by that, I mean that enemies will target your turrets and go full kamakazi if they so choose, getting at least a couple shots off your turret in the hopes that their friends will take it out.The music is also really nice. The nighttime music is upbeat while the daytime music is nice and chill.  There are a lot of different tracks, which reduces repetitiveness by quite a bit.Now here's the big factor- replay ability. It's a sandbox game, so this is an extremely important in buying it. I'm going to be honest here: This game is straightforward and very lenient. After a couple of playthroughs, you'll know exactly what to do after you get this item and the game will get somewhat boring because the enemies feel similar like the fireflies. The only time the replay ability shines is trying out different base designs and the world regeneration, but other than that, there's nothing too special about it.So overall, a 7/10 for an early access game. The game gets boring after a little bit, which is something the dev should focus on a bit more when he can. The first time experiencing might be a bit confusing, but fun and interesting. The graphics aren't too special, but they're getting a makeover in v0.2, so I'm excited for that. The weapons are diverse and fun, but the only time you get really fun weapons is when there's nothing much left to do in the game. I just love how unique this concept is, and I'm excited to see how this game will develop in time. The developer seems to be constantly updating it, which will in turn make this game cost more, but for now this game is worth it! After all, this is still in early access."
,Recommended,315460,32527658,Posted: 17 June,all,dcool VR,The game was originally single player and the dev awhile back seemed like he did not plan on making it Multiplayer. Well now it's multiplayer and I purchased a copy for my kids and friends. Multiplayer on beta works like a champ!
76561198046193516,Recommended,315460,21802678,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Shashlik,"This game will make you start out on easy because of the reviews. You might think all of these reviewers suck at gaming and should jump of a bridge for sucking this hard at a 2D game. Well that's what i thought.You'll start out as a man running around sucking up dirt, trees, grass and other junk. Once you got that outof the way you will start killing everything that moves, assuming every live thing in a game is hostile. You're having a great but confusing time.Next you'll start crafting stuff, a shotgun, a few wooden blocks and probably a turret or two. Then night starts to fall.You don't think much of it so you'll just continue making yourself a little cottage. The night slowly grows darker.It is pitch black, several enemies try to attack you and seem to be breaking through your new house! You fight them off with your shotgun and the sun rises again. It sure was one hell of a night.The next day you start looking for the materials and resources you need to make the next thing you want, maybe armor or a flashlight. You encounter new animal species and annihilate them on the spot.Night falls and you rush back to your half destroyed home, quickly patch up the holes and get ready for another group of enemies. They won't catch you off guard this time.You see the enemies coming, your turrets starts to shoot and off you go fighting for your life once again. You notice the new species you encountered seems to have joined the enemy army, but no fair match for your skill!Sun rises once again and you rush out to collect and explore, ignoring the fact that you nearly died last night because you never had a second to look at your health bar. Time to annihilate new radioactive animals for pleasure and resource to get yourself a brand new shiny gun. Rather quickly sunset kicks in once again.Night has fallen and you're starting to lean back a little bit, assuming you'll see victory again. Many many more enemies come. The easy blue flying things and the dog-like kanines don't appear, but instead red flying beasts drilling through your house in a fraction of a second, feral beasts running at you, your turrets all destroyed almost in an instant and you surrounded by enemies, when suddenly...Everything stops. The foes charging at you casualy roam around the area. Then you realize you're not moving. Words appear on the screen saying: you are dead. You are dead.You ♥♥♥♥ed up easy mode on the third night. You retry from the morning of day three trying to get more turrets, a better gun, healing kits, yet still you fail at night. You can't make it past night three.This game is hard. Peaceful mode makes enemies harmless, easy mode rips your clothes off, bends you over and ravages your rear, tearing you a fist size dilation only to call you out for the ♥♥♥♥♥ you are and leaves you to rot in a ditch.It'll take me some serious effort to learn how to not fail as quickly as i did."
,Recommended,315460,20388217,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jhereg,"I'll be honest. I was a terraria addict for a long time. Then came Starbound, and I was smitten with that too. There were times I wanted to take the building tool for Starbound and give it to Terraria and other such things.I wasn't sure what I was expecting when I started Dig or Die.  The graphics are very simliar, but the playstyle is very different. The basic concept, dig stuff up, build things, survive the night. That's all there, but Dig or Die adds a few things. One of those things is water. Water pouring down from the heavens and flooding your base because you forgot to plug that hole that radioactive alien firefly punched into the dirt to come eat your face the night before...This game instills paranoia. Water paranoia. There is also that moment of ""oh crap did I kill something on accident with my plasma rife?!"" and the moment when 50 angry friends of his come to stomp you into the dirt when night falls. That's paranoia right there.There that frustration that the game has physics, but it is also a sort of love/hate relationship that makes the game it's own thing. You can't just pile up bricks forever. Eventually, that tower has to have support or it's coming down. You can't build a bridge without supports. You have repair walls that took damage or there is a good chance that the night waves will say hello through the hole in your wall.Overall, this game  had a very satisfying feel to it, despite it being early access. I happen to really enjoy the soundtrack and hope there will be more from said composer. Best of all, the devs are active on their discussion board, and they even had time to answer my noob questions (from the gal that literally has only been playing this game for 19.9 hours according to steam...) as well as l isten to my suggestions from a new players standpoint. That's the kind of thing I like to see, and that makes the modest price-tag on this game worth every  penny."
,Recommended,315460,14999418,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,K!netic,"This is a game that seems to have watched what people didn't like about other sandbox games, and worked extremely hard to avoid those problems. Jumping into the game, it's clear that this game doesn't intend to waste your time. The menus and overall feel are extremely smooth and quick. This seems to permeate the whole game's design; don't waste the player's time, let them do what they want, and look good doing it.To start, most sandbox games take forever to mine a block. This one doesn't. And while the time it takes to mine a dirt or stone block decreases with better tech levels, it never feels  arduous to cut through a mountain or dig a tunnel. Which I think is fantastic in a game that's about digging tunnels. Your character occupies one block of space, and it takes under a second to mine one block.After playing a bit, you get to the ""building"" part, which is even simpler. The game dispenses with the idea of you manually putting down blocks of dirt that you picked up. Instead, you mix concrete and place *that*. It's one of about five basic block types you can place. While that seems limiting, it's actually freeing. I've never enjoyed making dirt palaces with haphazard streaks of cobblestone and sand. It lets you focus on the stuff you actually want to do; dig tunnels, get resources, craft new things, and fight monsters.(spoilers ahead)But the real treat comes when you're told to go westward to pick some flower if you want to craft the next tier. while the world itself is randomly generated, there's a giant chasm in the west, cut straight through the ground. You need to build a bridge over it in order to cross, but it's not as simple as just laying down concrete - if a structure is too unbalanced or too much weight is placed on one block, the whole thing falls apart. You're forced to design a bridge that can cross the chasm. Similarly, there are floating islands that contain a mineral you need for a different tier - and you have to build a tower to reach them. While these are fairly scripted things to do, it felt surprisingly good to be given a well thought-out challenge in a building game, yet still have the feel of random generation and freedom.While this game may not last forever, it gives you a great experience for a few hours, and seems to respect you as a player. It knows you've seen it all before, but it knows you quit playing those other sandbox games for a reason - and it's determined not to have those same problems."
76561198027819327,Recommended,315460,15897382,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jayne_Cobb,"Dig or DieWell, I died. But I'll dig again. In fact, I dig the digging in this game.Dig Dug, was the first thing that came to my mind. Good oldAtari 2600 madness.This was an impulse buy. And although it's just closing in to v.0.1,I'm already having way too much fun. I played barely an hour,and I'm gonna be just in time for an appointment, becauseof lingering here, writing these lines and already have thefeeling, I got my money's worth.The fighting is fun. It has a little Mega Man vibe, but withoutthe punishment. The crafting isn't getting tedious, so if youlike your crafting without the micro-management overkillthis might feel just right. But, I'm not too far in, although,art direction, controls, environment, sound score, it allsits right at the moment.40 hours in, I'm still having a jolly good time. The communitythat evolves around Dig or Die is also quiet friendly and helpful.Not to a small part to the developer, who manages to be kindand communicative at all times.I especially like the approach to difficulty. Mastering the gameon normal, you'll find new challenges on brutal. Adapting yourapproach. Enemies will only attack you at night, when youprovoked them in the day. So you can save, and have alook how deep you want to get yourself in trouble.While I thought myself master of the world on normal,I was jumping around like a crazy ferret with a laser gunon brutal. After some tries, then finally, the first survivednight on brutal. A victory, all the sweeter, for having learnedfrom previous mistakes, that never got tedious.The game doesn't hate you. When you learned another trick,you'll think to yourself, yeah sure, howcouldn't I have seenthat before? Cool beans! And now to the next adventure!There's also an often updated devblog, that's alwaysworth a visit, at:http://gaddygames.tumblr.com/March 2016 - Dig or Die has hit version 0.2The graphics have gotten a complete overhaul.Physics have been expanded. A.I. has gotten smarter.Increased diversity in monsters, fauna and flora. I thoughtit might have become too complex, but Dig or Die stillhas its unique charme. Even though crafting isn'treally one the most regarded mechanics for me,I find myself returning on this rainy planet.May 2017 - Dig or Die has hit version 0.3betaIt's been a year since I have played Dig or Die.The game has continued to be constantly updatedin the past year. The systems have become moresolid, the user-interface has been optimized andthe physics have grown more complex withoutinducing tediousness to the game formula.Version 0.3 is about to leave beta soon,with multiplayer being introduced."
76561197970362126,Recommended,315460,17506079,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mr. Fibble,"Dig or die is still in early access and has just had the 0.1 update. Before that you could get off planet in the space of an in game week with ease ending the game. Now there are bosses to fight, more areas to explore with materials and things to craft from them and the promise of more to come. Patches at the moment are very frequent and tend to be not much more than a few kilobytes.The game has an interesting way of pacing the difficulty which is explained by the ai computer in the wreckage beside you at the starting point. This happens in a couple of ways. One is that at night creatures become hostile and will be even more inclined to want to chew your face off than during the day. The other that some people might miss out on is that creatures only become hostile if you start killing them first. So if you run and gun during the first day there's a good chance that come nightfall death will follow.You know those games about building a bridge on a tight budget where you end up making something from girders and knicker elastic? In some ways that is similar to how building works in dig or die. The higher you build the more stress blocks get and once they get too much things will collapse. So with the exceptions of floating islands having a skybase a la terraria isnt possible. Thankfully you can craft goggles that will show stresses when they're on the hotbar that make things a bit easier.There's also rain, more than the average scottish summer, and that brings some changes as well. Digging requires a bit more thought as some tunneling habits will lead to death by drowning. The good news is that the water can be controlled and used for power or just flooding the world to save building up to the islands overhead.Weaponary comes in handy for both killing stuff, obviously, as well as mobility. Rocket jumping isnt a new concept in video games, strangely enough the rocket launcher isnt the best for it in DoD, but a lot of the weapons have a knockback to them which means if you need a boost to cross a gap shooting down will give you the nudge needed. Sililarly if you're swimming in the ocean and start running out of air shooting down can get you to the surface faster.Value wise, one playthrough from start to getting off planet should easily get you below the £1 per hour mark. Currently on around 30p per hour and falling so in the realms of witcher 3's levels of cost per hour.And one last thing that I really like is that, unlike terraria, you aren't forced into looking at a wiki to find out what to do next. All the info you need to play is in the tooltips or mentioned by the crashed ai. It might not say specifically where to go for the black grass but it's easy enough to figure out black dirt is involved."
,Recommended,315460,14832761,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Large,"This is a great game, the buiding physics are well done (but hard to get used to) and a really fun game to play and progress through. I personally think this game would be AMAZING with multiplayer or co-op. If you're lacking a good cheap game this is the perect choice. It kind of feels as if it were a tower defence game but you have to defend yourself with turrets."
,Recommended,315460,18736172,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Asvarduil,"Once upon a time, an interstellar salesman went station-to-station, selling the AwesomeMatic 2000 matter reprocessor!  It slices!  It dices!  It performs molecular restructuring, and YOU can have it for only 2000 Space Dollars!  After this brilliant, and original sales pitch, however, the salesman found out the hard way they tried cold-selling the wrong person.  Captain Benjamin ""Don't F@#$ With The"" Sisko punched them in the throat so hard, they crash-landed on a remote jungle planet.Dig Or Die is a neat little block-building game in the vein of StarBound, Terraria, MineCraft, and all of the clones spawned thereof.  The first thing that's apparent after starting the game, is the influence.  This game appears to draw significant aesthetic influence fromMega Man- notMetroidlike Terraria does, or the Cthulhu Mythos like both Terraria and MineCraft do.  As a result, the game has a very retro feel, in a good way.What WorksAlso, the game is very difficult, but in a (mostly) good way.  The early gamesucks.  You have crappy tools, no facilities, and have to hastily cobble together some form of shelter before the thankfully-super-short night falls, and you get beset by waves and waves of monsters.  I've died a couple of times so far before I've gotten the second-level workbench, but not in a ""BS"" way - usually I die because the game is asking something of me, and I didn't do it.What makes itmoredifficult, but also a deeper game, is you can't build structures that are sustained by videogame logic.  Nonono.  If you want a roof on your structure, you need to build supports.  Walls are helpful.  Also, monsters do damage individual blocks, which means by night the packs of wolves and space-bats can tear down a side of your carefully constructed base.  Even if that doesn't happen, failure to properly reinforce your buildings and placing one block too many causes part of your building to fall down...causing you to need to put it all back in place again.  As a gamer used to video game logic, this is both incredibly refreshing, but also something that I find I've gotten used to not considering as much as I should.Further - point defenses.  Something Terraria and MineCraft just don't have.  You absolutely have to use point defenses to protect your structures...but they do have their limits!  Still the presence and use of point defenses to protect your structures during night brings up on big point that the game does well - unlike most block-buildy games,everythingis useful.  Even the Dirt.Especiallythe Dirt - Dirt is a prime component of Concrete, a reasonably resilient material that has good structural properties.What Doesn't WorkOn the one hand, I don't want to cast my vote too early - and make no mistake, this game is inearlyaccess.  It has a good ways to go before I consider this a completed game.  That being said...critique time.The game's balance is off - the initial difficulty curve is simply too high for my tastes.  While everything above is a strength, it's expressed in the most painful way possible.  Certain monsters like the fish regenerate HP more quickly than you can damage them, leading me to be very hydrophobic in this game.  The monsters for some reason can tear down your wood/concrete walls.  Digging through dirt, I understand.  But wolves, spacebats, and fishes headbutting concrete until it breaks?  That's an innovation only videogame logic could pull off.The visuals need some work - the Mega Man aesthetic is neat, but poorly realized, and lacks cohesion between various elements, particularly the game and the UI.  Speaking of the UI, the UI does not scale well at all - the only setting I can reasonbly play the game on is 1366x768; at 640x480 Windowed the UI is unusably small.  Also on the note of scale, the blocks being as large as the player feels off too.  I usually expect the player to be larger than a single block.  The game would work better if the player were 1x2 blocks, and all enemies were about 50% larger.Speaking of the UI, the in-game UI is very awkward.  There are more item hot-slots than there are top-row keyboard keys, which means you're obliged to use your mouse scrollwheel to be able to select items (of which you get a lot.)  Now, this wouldn't normally be so bad - after all, it's close to how I play Terraria.  Where things go downhill, is that the inventory UI itself is very unlike anything else in the block-buildy genre.  I find myself expecting a grid of items I own - uncategorized - but instead of the inventory UI being helpful as it's no doubt intended, it feels wrong.  This may be personal bias, but I think this game's inventory/hotbar system actually breaks the established genre interface, thus making the experience feel more off than itshould.The TL;DRAt $4.99, in this early phase of development, with the good points and problems all factored in...this game isworth it.I forsee it only getting better as it catapaults to, and past the 1.0 version.  As long as the developer remains engaged, and keeps putting great effort into this game, I think they've made a game that beats a lot of its competion in the Sci-Fi Block Buildy genre -especiallyStarBound and Edge of Space.I will update this review as the game evolves further."
,Recommended,315460,33059638,Posted: 30 June,all,Prettiest Nazi,"IntroMy initial reaction to this game was, oh hey a terraria clone, doesn't look that bad. Can check it out see if it's of any worth and refund if not right? Well wrong, I can't refund it now and I never would in the first place, this game proved me it was of well worth extremely quickly. Especially with the new multiplayer update the game got a whole lot better.The Game SummaryThe game takes place on some random planet after your ship has crashed. In order to get back home you most fight all sorts of powerful monsters, and mine in order to get the items in which you need for escaping and protecting yourself. This game is a lot more ""reality"" based then the game most compared to it, Terraria. In the world you will haft to survive from monsters who will break through anything to get you, while the world is constantly flooding with rainwater, that builds up rather then being like Terraria and just disappearing. However building big to escape this will not always be an option, because there is actual gravity that affects blocks.ConsEveryone wants the cons first,  you watch the video, you get interested, you don't want to read about the pros you can already see in the video. So what are the cons? There's actually not to many other then usually stuff that is bias to the player.It's not really possible to do decorations to make the builds look nicer (paintings, furnichur for the most part, and overall block designs). However even then it does have some legitimacy behind why this would be a lack of things. Reading through the story, the very short and just why you need to leave this planet story, it's apparent that you're not there to make it look pretty but rather to get off as fast as possible.Neither Pros Nor ConsThe block, background, and enemy design, is not the worst, nor is it the best. But before you call me a hypocrite because up there I mentioned block design as a con, I was describing them for decoration along with thing's I'd like added like furniture and such. But blocks alone is meh, not bad nor great, along with the 2 other things on this bullet point.Enemies can break through just about anything, this can be annoying, but for the most part you are probably looking at this game because it provides that challenge unlike games like Terraria. And even then that's why you get turrets that can heal things and others that can shoot.Updates, at least from what I've seen, wipes all game progress. Now you may be thinking nope not buying, but it's actually not bad. This game very rarely updates, I'd say about once a year. Now you may be saying okay well that's a problem in and of itself just adding on. However to it's credit it does do massive updates.ProsAre you afraid that your pc, laptop, microwave, may not be able to run this game? Fear not this game runs very smoothly, especially with how minimum the minimum requirements are shown, it just screams you're gonna get 60 fps without much sacrifice if any.This game overall provides a very nice challenge with very nice physics and AI.The music is very good.This game is a game where you don't haft to be embarrassed to say you did it on easy difficulty.There's multiplayer.The updates are massive and add tons of new content, the latestv0.3 updateadded a whole lot more to the game, and it went from v0.25 to v0.3, which would not be seen as a big change by most just looking at how small the number difference is.Has full command modability.ConclusionIf you like what you see in the trailer, you're gonna like what you play, hands down no regrets,9.2/10."
,Recommended,315460,21552885,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,JoshyAtHeart,"It's a steal for $5.It took me about 2 hours of playing to really get into it, but it's turned into great time.The world is unforgiving. The physics are difficult to master. And I have a hard time digging and not dying.You should buy this game."
,Recommended,315460,23019852,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DoubleCakes,"There's nothing wrong with a game taking heavy inspiration from a popular title if said game does enough to differentiate itself from the title it is taking inspiration from. Dig Or Die differentiates itself from Terraria by taking the Terraria formula and emphasizing tower defense and construction elements while significantly compacting the experience.In Dig Or Die, you play a man who has crashed on an alien planet and must build a rocket ship to escape. You do this by collecting resources and gradually climbing up the tiers of a crafting system until you can build a rocketship and leave the planet. You'll have to survive until then and when nighttime comes that's when the party arrives. Nights in Dig Or Die are short but brutal. The player is swarmed by monsters and the best course of action is to build a base with several turrets because even if you have state-of-the-art firearms it won't be easy taking out the enemies by yourself.Tower defense is a large part of Dig Or Die. The main challenge throughout the game will be surviving the nights as increasingly difficult enemies attack you during nightfall. The game allows you to control how quickly the game's night assault difficulty increases by only adding in a type of enemy into the night defense roster after you've killed it during the daytime in its natural habitat. Turret construction will also come in use when you are fighting bosses because chances are your weapons won't be killing them quick enough.The other big gimmick with Dig Or Die is the construction physics. Anything that's not built in front of a natural background wall will have to abide to the game's complex physics systems. You cannot just simply build a pillar of blocks to the sky, no. The player will have to build eventually because some biomes (and therefore, some crucial resources) are trapped away beyond neverending chasms and the like. It's a very satisfying puzzle, building these constructions and this reviewer enjoyed it a lot even though sometimes it was hard to understand how weight distribution worked.One thing that doesn't get mentioned enough is how Dig Or Die plays with spectacle. Finding new biomes and new enemies is very thrilling and its pretty surprising how deep you can dig down into the earth. Your journey will take you to some very exciting places and there are all sorts of surprises to uncover, at a pacing that sets it ahead of Terraria.In conclusion, those looking for a briefer and quicker Terraria-like experience with heavy defense elements and a construction system that provides interesting puzzles should give Dig Or Die a purchase."
,Recommended,315460,16766562,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BOT freeman,"The only real negative reviews for this game are one of two things, People who dont understand that there are building physics or people who have not got past night 1 and or have not played the game >1/2 hour. Buy the game now if you like physics based games, There is a decent amount of content right now but it is still Early Access. If you cannot make it past night 1 find a sky island, dogs are primarily the thing that kills my base but with the sky island you are safe from said dogs. That will get you past night 1 allowing you to experience the game past your first half hour. My biggest criticism is that the game goes by too fast. Overall 8/10 buy it now!"
76561198048312377,Recommended,315460,31859460,Posted: 20 May,all,TwitchTV_Vantazzy,"I've played Terraria and it's highly adventurous clone: Starbound. Dig or Die a clone? Sure, the same gaming platform/concept. Before you throw bricks at me, I am from that ERA where we call games that uses the same platform/concept CLONES (example: Wolfenstein 3D = Depth Dwellers, Corridor 7, Blake Stone, Operation Body Count) - (example 2: Doom = Heretic, Hexen, Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem 3D) - (example 3: Command & Conquer = Starcraft, Age of Empires, Rise of Nations)Okay, to my review and verdict of this game.Let me just make a list of things to explain this game easier for seeing the bigger picture:- Structure Integrity (like building a bridge is okay, as long you use support blocks, the stronger the support blocks, the stronger the entire structure will be without collapsing)- When it rains, it's not just rain, it's like an ocean coming down, floods everything! You can use it for your advantage, if you play your cards well through though.- Difficulty Rises when you kill an enemy type the first time (the more different types of monsters you kill, will show up more during the ""bloodmoon"" that happens every night - now it's not called a bloodmoon, but it also doesn't tell me on which planet I am or whatever, but at night it becomes crazy and all monsters are focussed on you)- One Life (sure, if you die, you can start from your last save, but everything which you have collected during that lost gameplay, is lost, because it never happened)- The MAP is procedural generated, with solid hotspots where certain things are always there. Like the vulcano is to the right for example. From left to right, it's not very big, but from top to bottom, it's frickin' HUGE!!!!!- Collect all sorts of ore to craft better equipment, stronger blocks, upgrading, etc..  The deeper you go, the more ore types you will find. Some rarer then the other.- The whole buildup of activities just adds up perfectly in balance, making this game challenging and long lasting.- Try to build a powersystem that can power your base for an unlimited time. (like solar panels only give you power during the day and water turbines only when there is a flow of water, but can be continiously if you use basins and pumps to keep the water flowing)- It's not only building a base and you are done. You need to protect it with turrets. During a bloodmoon, monsters are so angry, so determined, they will destroy blocks in order to get to you. If you made a base on support blocks, I hope for your sake, monsters will not target those support blocks or your base will collapse to the ground (or whatever is down there)So you need to be strategic how to build a base, how to defend it and use it to benefit from it without dying during that bloodmoon. Because if you die during a bloodmoon, the entire day, everything you have built is GONE - never happened... Crucial to survive that night of horror!- Certain items need to be collected, some harder to get, some need some smart thinking...  Like, do you need to build a base right away? Make a base underground, above ground, on support blocks, under water?- No bookcases, chandeliers, vases, flowergardens... No, you are stranded on this planet and you are not staying for long. The goal in this game is simple: Get your wiggly♥♥♥♥♥off this frickin' hostile planet!- Eventually you need to go very very deep under the ground. Where there is LAVA and lava eats through basically everything. There are items down there which you need and even your mining laser cannot get through that thick substance, so you need to use explosives to rip those items out of the walls. The moment you do that, the integrity of the surrounding walls can get comprimised and wakes up the lava, continueing eating through the walls again and making your trip back to the surface a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥or even worse: impossible.- The only ""adventure"" are your trips down there, trying to get the ores to get progression and eventually succeed in getting off that planet. The more your progress, the better equipment you get and certain things can be easier. Like teleportation devices. Although they need power to operate, they can speed up travelling to certain points on the map.By saying all this, making me want to play this game again. :DNow this game is still in development, I totally recommend this game!!! The challenge is compelling. But, if you are more of a gamer that wants more exploration, treasure hunting, quests and such, this game might not tickle your senses.And by saying that (hoping the developer reads this bit of my review) - because of the lack of like ancient structures, ancient technology... I would like to have that in this game too. Like that there are very challenging ancient buildings/spacecrafts somewhere, top or bottom, its random, very difficult to enter because they have turrets too, walls are undestructable so you can only enter them where there are open rooms and as treasure special items like a jetpack or a diving suit or a legendary mining laser or a powerful defense drone or a special weapon...And because they are ancient, you need to place cables to the doors, connecting it to a powersystem so you can actually open the doors... That kind of thing... Like a little diversion of the solid gameplay for getting a very special item that is like... not craftable but very handy. <--- Just an idea, think about it..."
76561198012294675,Recommended,315460,19856646,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,lan383,Dig or die was my first steam game and i fell in love with it from the moment i started it up it was this game that lead me to loveing this genre of game. dig or die will always have the number 1 spot in my heart and i will look forward with grate joy at all the new things that Gaddy Games hope to bring to it in the future. 10/10thank you Gaddy Games for making this game and i wish you good luck with all your future endeavors
76561198041538976,Recommended,315460,16263399,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Thorin Oakenshield,"Pros:~It's not another sandbox survival/horror dayz/Rust/etc.~Pretty neat physics(Guns propel you backwards with recoil, water runs downhill)~Turrets~Runs smoothly~Small download size(Aprox. 77 mb)~Fairly smooth controls~Fun~Drill/pick/saw all combined into one easy tool right off the bat~DOOM difficulty-tier settings~2.99$ and you've bought the whole game, for life(Now 4.99, still a good deal)As of the most current update, the water has been toned down, it no longer pours for half a day, but showers occassionally.  Building is still a case of fake it till you make it, but it's easier with experimenting.Cons:~Went a little overboard with the water(mitigated with most recent update)~Not much weather variety~No character customization as of yet~No multiplayer~Also it doesn't lack in content, but it could do with more.It costs less than some coffees from Starbucks, and it'll last longer. With Steam's new refund feature there's no reason not to try this out.  Two hours of time is a decent amount to decide if you like it or not. If it's not your cup of tea, then ok."
,Recommended,315460,14914786,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Multi,"What a great game. It's like Terraria with proper physics, and the rain is alot more dynamic here. Highly reccomend for Terraria/Starbound fans."
76561198105971282,Recommended,315460,16237931,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DrowningFish,"For  3 bucks you get a very fun game. The game has not alot of content yet, but the things that are in the game are very well done. I would recommend this game to anyone who like's basebuilding, survival or even towergames. It will be interesting to see how this game gets developed."
,Recommended,315460,17183148,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ProfSilver,"""Oh god.. No.. NO! Not the bees!"" -Silver, shortly before death.This game had me on the edge of my seat, all through the night. If you're not careful, you'll be swarmed with Bees, Wolves (I think), 'Dwellers', among other monsters. As you craft better items, the monsters seem to upgrade themselves, until the point where each monster can overpower you, unless your paying close attention. This makes for some truly outstanding gameplay, especially since the monsters can mine blocks.Also: Physics. Things collapse if they do not have enough support, etc. It's awesome.I think the best way to describe this, is that it's pretty much a mixture of Starbound and Risk of Rain. It also has tower defense aspects in the game.I enjoyed this game far more than I thought I would. No, really. Get this game: You will love it."
,Recommended,315460,23097944,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lolokmeister,"I bought this game when it first came out, to see the differences between this and Terraria as I was a big fan of it. At first I didn't expect much from a new Early Access game which only costed RM8 (Malaysian Ringgit), but I wasBLOWN AWAYby the mechanics ofDig or Die!Story & ObjectiveYou crash landed on an unknown hostile planet because you're a horrible pilot, you had no choice but to survive horrible nights and collect materials to build another rocket to fly home.CombatsHardcore and fun. Combats are fast-paced so you had to have good aim of the enemy while running and jumping around the place to avoid enemy attacks.ChallengesThere are many challenges I like about this game, one I came across is building a bridge to cross the huge gap to get precious materials. Building a bridge is not as easy as I thought it would be, the game hasAMAZINGphysics implemented, the blocks break when it cannot support the amount of weight, falling to death several times is common.GraphicsWhen it first came out, the graphics weren't as good as the graphics it has now, the developer hired a professional artist through community voting for the best suitable new graphics for the game.Dig or Diehas very colorful graphics, literally candy to the eyes.DeveloperThe developer is very active, and actually adds things to the game unlike most Early Access devs. He also responds to nearly every single thread in the forums and accepts ideas from the community.Overall Score9.367/10"
76561198009506175,Recommended,315460,17116329,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,jhcrue,"I was running from some black hounds deep in the caves underground when all of a sudden it turns night time where everything gets even more violent and difficult. Here I am digging straight up while covering my tracks with concrete, but that only delays the swarm of ten monsters lurking below me removing block by block getting closer and closer. With my heart racing, I kept digging up and up while peeking over to the converging monster tunnel. Closer. Closer. And Boom, the game saved indicating I had survived another night. The hounds stopped digging, and retreated back to their respective zones. Lesson Learned: Don't mine at night in Dig or Die."
,Recommended,315460,21547574,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,skullfish1,"Fun to play,nice music,straightforward building pattern,gathering of supplies is not very tedius,brutal mode is the way to go, expect to die often,not too many bugs as of yet,good artwork,the physics are fun to play around with."
,Recommended,315460,15809948,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,B-Rock,Very interesting game. Much like Terraria but the physics in the game makes you build things with support and the water physics is cool to watch. Can't wait to see the game developed more to see what else is added. Definitely worth the price tag.
76561198069430014,Recommended,315460,15037091,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Grimm,"Dig or Die... its all in the name.I've play a lot of sandbox games but this one finds a special place in my heart of gaming!Like most I've played all the mainstream sandbox games and when i found this little gem i knew i had to try it. Remember being stuck outside with no base to speak of in Minectraft, Terraria and the like? the next day after hopefully not dying over and over again you build a base then..... nothing. Terraria added some nifty features with zombies knocking on doors and breaking them down and Minecraft has mods but none that feel like this game.Never mind the awesome physics or the quick and easy crafting system it was the base defense and path-finding mobs that made me fall for this game. I've been a fan of the tower defense genre as well as sandbox games and too see them together, but more importantly, to see them put together well, I was amazed. Remember your first night in Dig or Die?I had diggin into the side of the hill my spaceship had landed on. i dug in deep with my 2 turrets and shotgun which i had the the luck of killing enough fireflys to craft and enough scrap for iron. i had watched some videos so i knew what to expect. leaving a hole for the mobs to come in i felt safe..... i was wrong. they came from below and both sides, within moments i was running, screaming like a little girl trying to dig deeper to avoid the continuous stream on monsters trying to devour me. Its safe to assume i didn't make it and i will now admit that was my 3rd first night.Play this game and you'll like it!Also i would like to note the replay ability of this game, its a sandbox so each time try something different and learn something new. My hat is off to the developer, you sir have made my day and many more to come.My input for the game would only be a harder survival mode. Not just stronger mobs, but make them dig, walk, shoot, strike better based off of how many in day games you've been around. Once you've built the best base you can where everything repairs and lasts the night what then.... sure you can leave the planet but what if you want to stay!"
76561198134678168,Recommended,315460,21217421,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,DarkMagi,"For an early access game, I've never been more pleased than by Dig or Die. This game is so incredibly fun, albeit insanely difficult if you choose any higher difficulty than Normal, but that adds to the game in a way that seems to make it more alive. The planet you crash on shouldn't feel like a home, it should feel hostile and Dig or Die definitely makes it hostile.If you're balancing on whether to buy this game or not, you should because it will only get better from here."
,Recommended,315460,21968630,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xero,"SPOILERS- Finishes building a rocket thinking, ""Yes! I'm outta here!""- Realizes it has to heat up and gets killed by monsters- Retries- Starts the rocket and barely fights off the monsters with turrets until it is finished.-Gets in the rocket- It starts flying- I start to think, ""Yes! I've finished the game!""- Crashes into a floating island10/10"
,Recommended,315460,29192721,Posted: 11 January,all,Peil,"Well worth $8.  This game is incredibly hard and shows no simpathy for you while you're trying to learn about building a bridge or a dam.   First night, I hid under my ship like a coward while bees and dogs (which can smell fear, by the way) came out left and right to attack me at night.  2nd night built up my defenses and the dogs and bees were a little easier to handle.  3rd night I need to go looking for red ferns.  I braved the outdoors and went looking, only to see that I needed to cross a large chasm.  Time to break out the bridge building skills.   I tried and tried to build this thing while getting attacked by bats and dogs.   Everytime I get about half way across, the bridge gets weak and about to break.  I spent 3 nights trying to build that bridge only to finally make a jump for it.  I quickly learned that I'm not Michael Jordan and fell far down the chasm and died landing on a ledge halfway down.10/10 would jump again."
76561198007662996,Recommended,315460,18231932,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,iLLboRn,"i own over 75 steam games...lots of which are like this game in some way or another. However I LOVE this game more then the rest.  Its only 5 bucks and ive spent hours apon hours in this game. great machanics. and fluid.  what i like most is the concept. i love crafting and building a base in order to defend every night, and then eventually escape.  I reccomend more content...more weapons, more items and armor, and more charater slots(head arms legs, etc)more creatures, harder difficulties. and maybe eventaully level ups with exp(faster running, higher jumping, harder hitting, more hit points etc.)With all that said....THis game is SOOO worth the money.  over a thousand dollars spent in steam....this is the most worth while 5 bucks. cant tell its in alpha.Developers- stay with it and keep imporving and adding to it....id be willing to pay more eventually for a DLC providing it was an extensive expansion(and i usually hate DLCs). Also if you havent already...consider ipad version"
76561197972940535,Recommended,315460,28176994,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Blackthorne,"I call this a Blitzkrieg Tower Defence version of Terraria/Starbound; and when night-time comes along, expect to go into Bullet Hell Mode.It will appeal to those who occasionally dabble with sandbox base-crafting games, but need a bit more carnage than what's currently available out there.There's certain aspects that frustrate the heck out of me (worst one for me is that there's way, WAY too much rain, and it comes through the walls, making it impossible to make 'first crafting tier' multi-level bases) but the majority of scenarios that irritate end up providing a challenge to work around, not a throw-the-keyboard-across-the-room level of frustration.It keeps one pushing through.So in the end I'm giving this a 7.5/10. Those who prefer a more sedate sandbox builder might want to look elsewhere though."
76561198052386399,Recommended,315460,23224043,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Sekai,"This is a game about digging and how it will inevitably lead to death by exploding mosquitoes, fire breathing mosquitoes, plasma shooting mosquitoes, or some other form of mosquito equipped with logistically unlikely projectiles.The game is won by successfully drowning yourself without being hit by mosquitoes.  Other obstacles you will face are uppity regenerating pro-life fish, bending water (that is presumably being bribed by the fish to obstruct your quest), and floating cactuses that will fall out of the sky because they are depressed or their home sports team did not win the championship.Before you can properly drown yourself, you will need to scrounge for materials and develop technology in order to build a basin large enough to hold the necessary water without exploding because gravity, and equip it with automated defenses to keep away both the fish and the mosquitoes, as well as put the water in its place, should it decide to tilt or twist in an unhelpful manner.Finally, you will need to build a rocket ship and program it to launch your carcass into space, because if you can't have a space funeral then what is the point?  Turning on the rocket will summon large quantities of protesting fish, mosquitoes, and angry water that your defenses will have to deal with on their own because at this point you will already be dead, so this requires some planning and engineering skills, and for me was one of the more enjoyable aspects of the game.The rocket blueprint is questionable and probably was stolen from someone's 8th grade science project and sold on Craigslist, as the primary material needed to make it is the still-beating heart of an immortal space rock that floats in the atmosphere and probably was important to maintaining the planet's ecosystem, as killing it causes it to fall out of the sky, followed by a lot of rain, frogs, earthquakes, locusts, volcanic eruptions, plague, and a sudden disparity in the ratio of pro-life fish to their more aggressive eastern European cereal mascot shark counterparts, but what's important is that you get your awesome space funeral.  Good luck, soldier."
,Not Recommended,315460,28770576,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lifndor,"Last significant update was 8 months ago.. if you want to make a long term investment in a game that could possibly turn out to be very good, then by all means purchase this.  Otherwise, just wait until it gets more updates."
,Recommended,315460,21656919,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,A Rather Spooky Christmas,You can rocket jump with shotguns*edit*you can also rocket jump with sniper rifles
,Recommended,315460,17952828,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ActionPoohole,"Fantastic little game with great physics and fun, fluid gameplay.I am a fan of responsive controls and physics; this game has them both.The Frame rate is solid and there is no pixel skipping or problematic controls. It's just TIGHT and RESPONDS.I prefer not to give ratings now to unfinished games as this could end up being something superb if the content is expanded and the graphics improved which is in the works as of the date of this review.There are already talks about a graphic overhaul and I look forward to this.The game doesn't feel incomplete or broken. As it stands it could be finished and a short game however it will become more content rich once the basics are set in stone."
76561198041315105,Recommended,315460,30765011,Posted: 26 March,all,{.::ZfragD::.} Potatobob,"This game is amazing , I could not stop playing for the last 2 weeks before finally reaching the end and I feel like creating mods for it now.It is pretty good as it offers 5 different difficulty so everyone will enjoy.Finally the physics were really interesting as it ask you to use your brain to build properly and not just put blocks all around you.Could talk about it for hours but I will go back in game instead XD"
,Recommended,315460,18592244,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"At the end of the day, I wasn't as moved as everybody else byTerraria, even though I was psyched and did pick it up on day one.Dig or Dieis a much more 'conservative' take on aTerraria-esque game; most importantly to me, it has an endgame goal that is presented to you at the begining, and a cohesive art/ambient theme.No clowns and laser guns mixed with battle-axes here. The artwork is very nice, as well - less pixel art this time. It feels much more reserved, than 'in-your-face' considering its pastel colors and mellow music.Essentially, you crash land on a planet, and need to gather the resources to both protect yourself as well as get off the planet. It has various difficulty levels, but proves challenging at even 'easy'. Its really easy on the eyes and things all make fairly logical sense. The menus are intuitive enough. There is also some mild tower defense elements that are quite welcome.Most of all, the price is right - five bucks is too low, in fact, for the content you are given."
,Recommended,315460,14914169,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,VaporStrike,"---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OUT OF DATE--OUT OF DATE--OUT OF DATE--OUT OF DATE--OUT OF DATE--OUT OF DATE----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So where do I start wth this game?I guess with a bunch of curt statements about the pros and cons, before I get on to the full review.Pros:-Varying tiers of difficulty.-Difficulty curve that you control. (mostly)-Challenging building physics.-Decent amount of content for $3 (With price slowly being raised as game is developed)-Not some cheap money-grab knock-off of terraria or anything like that.-Night is somewhat short (Only played Easy, so I don't know if it gets longer at higher difficulties)-It has an ending (You escape), but you can avoid it.-Enemy AI is relentless. And I mean it.-Rain physics.Cons:-Enemies WILL overwhelm you on playthrough one.-Building physics take getting used to.-Released like a week ago, so may be unbalanced/not enough content at the moment.-Indie (Lower funding/Less employees than triple A studios, so dev time may be longer)-It has an ending within only a few hours (Will probaby get longer as development goes on).-Night starts to feel much more pathetic, and the shortness of it gets annoying, once you get high tier items. I often find myself wishing for a gamemode with a 15-20 minute setup, then an infinite night. Or at least customizeable timers.-Rain. Physics.Basically, this game is Terraria mixed with Xenominer mixed with **some game that requires you to escape a planet** (Shut up, I couldn't think of anything)So let's start with my first playthrough.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTE: This CAN, and WILL, spoil your first playthrough. STOP READING NOW if you have already decided to purchase it. Trust me, the first playthrough is so much more fun blind.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Note 2: I'm refraining from mentioning any part of rain or water in my playthroughs, because it's basically everywhere, all the time. No need to tell you that it rains every minute. It hardly affected me this early into the game.)I immediately charged to the far right side, thinking like a terrarian, trying to explore everything. Within seconds I encountered yellow flying bugs and yellow dogs. No big deal, super weak, killed them with ease. Went farther, and after about a minute, I found a black colored variant of the flying enemies. It took ages to kill with the starter weapon. Unfortunately, here's where I had issues. I read nothing in the quick help menu, and only listened to the AI for a short while. So when I decided to bunker down for the night, I didn't realise what I had brought upon myself.Context: The game's difficulty curve is technically one that you control. You will only get assaulted at night by enemies that you killed during the day.I didn't know that.Within seconds there was an absolute HORDE of the black flying enemies. I had only a few concrete walls (which stood no chance) and one weak turret (RIP) in between me and unescapeable death. It was over in 20 seconds. I had no chance. Luckily, I had thought to quicksave... after I had killed the black flying enemy.So on to my second playthrough. I learned pretty fast. Only killed the yellow flying enemy and yellow dogs for the first few nights while I built up. Then the AI clued me into some flowers to the west to get my T3 autocrafter. So I immediately went east, like the smart man that I am.To the west: Red flying enemies, the next step up from the yellow ones. Not easy, but not difficut either.I made a mistake.I went east and found the black ones again. Figured me, my 12 turrets, and my 3-thick concrete walls could take take them.I was wrong. Again.I lasted nearly until morning that time. But by halfway through the night there were droves of them. It felt like a bombing run. I was down to 3 turrets which I had hastily evacuated to my basement. They were busy with all manner of dogs that I killed during the day (Higher tiers than the yellow, but dogs don't hurt nearly as much as the flying enemies), which left me valiantly defending against the fliers.It went well for about 3 minutes. Then the dogs broke through the turrets.With just me and my getling gun left in that hole-filled basement, I went down again.And I made the mistake of autosaving just before nightfall again. 2 more attempts got me no closer to daytime.I've yet to start a third playthrough. I'm trying to plan my house on paper beforehand this time, decide choke points, where the walls should be thicker, thinner, supported, where to place turrets, where to place lights, where to place myself, and all other things I can think of. But I can say without a doubt that this game is challenging.And I'm only on Easy. There's still 4 higher difficulty levels.Time to get crackin'."
76561198068881279,Recommended,315460,22655389,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,chivey_gnome,"Crash landed on hostile, rainy planet.Reminds me of florida.Discover that there are semi realistic two dimesional water physics.Block every cave and wait for rain.Flooded the entire planet and made an underwater base.I believe I am safe.Demon dogs start raining from heavens and dig under my base and flood it.I kill demon dogs and fall into a chasm to hell.Get killed by Giant Crab.10/10 Best Florida/Subnautica Simulator"
76561198085837173,Recommended,315460,24419284,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,KamikazeNinjaboi,"What a brilliant game. Super fun, tons of content, alot of physics and thought put into this game. Even on easy, the game still presents its world challanges. I would highly recommend this game (and already have).Please keep up the great work =)"
76561198032249196,Recommended,315460,22806971,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lancar,"A good shorter game (by crafting game standards) of about 12-15 hours.Dig or Die is fairly reminiscent of Terraria, having several similarities, but differentiates itself on it's more modern focus.Whereas Terraria would be all about the bosses, RNG weapon/item drops from monsters and fantasy, and Starbound is about the exploration of strange new worlds and upgrading your spaceship, Dig or Die is a shorter more personal story about survival and escape from a hostile planet.You are accompanied by your ship's AI that, like the Guide in Terraria, gives you advice and hints on what to do next. You're free to do whatever you want, however, as the enemy progression in the game is cleverly tied into the exploration.Every night you're assaulted by rabid creatures that want to rid the planet of your presence, but the only ones that attack you are species you've already killed a member of.The bases you build are basically just forts with one singular purpose: to keep you alive at night, There're a myriad of traps and turrets available to choose from, and each is useful in its own way. As you advance up the tech tree, more toys become available to help protect you against the new & nastier enemies you've angered to get there.Finally, I'll talk a bit about the water physics.The water is this game is the best implementation of it I've seen in any crafting game ever. While it's a bit overexaggerated in it's flow and abundance, it otherwise behaves just as you expect water should.The game simulates pressure, flow and absorbtion to a very impressive degree. Massive rainfalls ensure you always have to contend with it, or have your bases and mines flooded. Dirt will absorb water into it, which is released underneath it or when broken. Mining underwater is a hazard due to the inability of crafting air pockets, as the water pressure pushes the surface upwards.You can also harness the water for use with hydroelectric dams and pumps, and managing the flow of water to your advantage is a constant concern.Physics is also applied to forced acting on the blocks you place.While underground this is a non-issue, as the blocks are always supported by the background layer, but above ground (and other places where there's no background layer) you have to consider thw weight and resistance of the blocks you place, or the whole construction will come crashing down.I kinda wish it'd simulate the different kinds of material stresses better, as even concrete cannot stand vertical towers for very high before it just bursts, but at least it provides an engineering challenge.So:In summary, Dig or Die is a fun little crafting game focusing on survival and tower defense elements in a (partially) physics driven hostile world.I had fun with it, and for the pricetag you could certainly do a lot worse.It's a charming little game, with some cool engineering puzzles to solve and fun combat.Oh, and the battle music kicks♥♥♥♥♥;)"
76561197967837901,Recommended,315460,22250342,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tornare,"Its like Terraria in the right ways, but very different because there is a heavy focus on tower defense at night. It took me about 40 hours to build everything to get off the planet on normal."
,Recommended,315460,25828979,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,valshi,"A relatively fun and short game, the developer updates the game very frequently and does a good job keeping everyone up to date. Building can be kind of frusterating but I'd say it's worth the price."
76561198113268565,Recommended,315460,25102667,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,General Dragon,"*news channel* ""A local business man returned from a tragic crash on an unknown planet. To survive he relied on only his wits, and the tools he had to his disposal. Within the mans fifty day period in building an escape craft he managed to dig hundreds tunnels through the entire planet and remove almost every nessesary resource the enviornment needed to survive. His story, tonight at six: the man who single handedly killed a planet.""10/10 would blow up living rock again."
,Recommended,315460,23509188,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jake,"I bought this game a loooong time ago, didnt play long because i died a lot and i got mad, but all i have to say is that this game is amazing and its worth the money, im happy that this game got pretty big :DMULTIPLAYER PLEASE"
76561198053422627,Recommended,315460,14742503,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"My First Play on Launch Day Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pFIZzx2duUWhile so many people are focused on bigger, more expensive games, Indie devs continue to pump out games like this little gem that deliver BIG TIME!This game is no exception.Combine Terraria with a tower defense game and hordes of enemies out for your blood during the night.. and you have a good idea of what ""Dig or Die"" is all about.  But this is even better.  It moves faster, better, and with more action then I've seen in Terraria, especially at night!..You better figure out a game plan during the day and be able to protect yourself either with firepower or solid walls, because these mobs at night will stop at nothing to rip you to shreds!  They are smart and will tear down the weakest link between you and them if you've dug yourself or built a shelter.Digging.  Crafting.  Resource gathering.  Exploring.  Fighting.  Building.It's all here, and this game is fun as hell already.  I can't wait to see where this game goes!Psst.. Take my advice and buy this game NOW before the price goes UP!  (It definitely will!)Video #2 on Dig or Die - Let's Play!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjZ8QhsAh3c-  Zaxx"
,Recommended,315460,30825124,Posted: 29 March,all,Lewdacrous,"An excellent game I've followed for a while and watched grow and expand.I have quite a few hours in this game and it's continued to be something enjoyable to come back to and explore.Probably spent way too much of my life becoming way too prepared for the next tier of difficulty but it's been enjoyable.Really great game and very much worth the entry fee.I'd add too that the creator has a clear vision and that the game respects the players time.  Many games these days require you to smack things with a stick enough times to get the thing and rinse and repeat that painfully slow, life-sapping process.while it can't defy the genre staple of accumulating resources, you do so quickly and have means by which to find almost everything in a way that is reasonable but not trivialFor me, this is something I look for in games.  After literal decades of walking in games and grinding, I appreciate that kind of respect for the finite existence we have as human beings, hahahaKeep it up Gaddy Games."
76561198011786481,Recommended,315460,33635533,Posted: 18 July,all,DerAlteTony,"I bought this game a few days ago and had a really fun time playing it. So i came here to write a review and was shocked when i saw it's an early access game. I never experienced a single bug and it is a very well done game.There is a lot to explore, craft and expierience. I would definitely recommend to buy Dig or Die.Also if you once played and liked the old flashgame ""motherload"" then you'll definitely love this game."
,Recommended,315460,16283743,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,culzsky,day 1:-finds plasma rifle-went all call of duty on the mofokin crystal bees and the dogs-got enough materials to craft a shotgun-started rekting the living F out of every single creature in that planet-then night time came-i tried to make a little castle with wooden walls but the physics keep destroying it-an army of red and yellow bees came from the sky and destroyed the 2 walls i made as protection in like 20 seconds-i paniced and started digging-turns out they can dig waay faster than u in big groups-i got killed to dead11/10 its like terraria with lasers
76561198199745770,Recommended,315460,19051333,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,swiftdeath007,"This game is super fun. I've played it for hours and am so close to beating it only a few more resources and I can beat the game. I only have a couple problems and it is I have no clue how power works in the game, but other than that the game is flawless and I highly recommend you buy and play this game, its most definitely worth the price"
76561198054756796,Recommended,315460,20779604,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tom,"This game promises to be fantastic!The Early Access is a complete -- but shorter -- game of the final version that is very replayble, fun and addictive. It's well worth the low cost that's asked and the bonus of getting the final version for free is even better. Dig or Die has a great balance between grind/craft/build that doesn't become tedious like other games. Just when you think it will, you progress and unlock new things that change what you need to do. There's no going back and grinding out level 1 resources; you've always got enough just by playing and exploring. The progression feels natural, not laborious, and doesn't wear you down.By far the best part of this game is the base defence. The combination of mining/crafting with tower-defence/building is amazing. Coupled with the under-spoken sci-fi theme it's a real joy to play. Highly recommended. Can't wait for the final version."
,Recommended,315460,34062252,Posted: 6 August,all,KubeKing [KLF],A really fun and addictive game!  (No it is not a Terraria rip off)
,Recommended,315460,15684892,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Rutheim,+Tower Defense+Smooth Graphics+The Laws Of Pyshics+Survival+Cheap-Rain OceansMy Point:8
76561198037347892,Recommended,315460,21948146,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,chuck,"This is sort of like terraria, but you get a bit of base defense."
,Recommended,315460,23265338,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,arc1618,"Dig or Die is an exellent mash-up of tower defense and 2D mine-crafting. It reminds me very favorably of Terraria 1.0 but with its own unique twist. You start off marooned on an unfriendly planet after crashing your spaceship with nothing but an all-purpose mining tool and a crafting station. To survive you'll need to quickly gather all the materials to build a base capable of holding off the hordes of enemies that will swarm you at night. Gameplay is simple but functional; you mine and harvest materials and enemies to upgrade your Miniaturizer and Auto-Crafter so you can build bigger and better guns to kill bigger enemies with. Eventually you'll gain access to the materials needed to build a rocket and escape the planet.Now, after reading several reviews that warned of the game's difficulty, I decided to start my first game on normal, which turned out to be fairly easy. The fact that new, stronger enemies only attack at night once you've killed one of their type coupled with my tendency to overprepare meant that I never died at night and rarely died at all unless I overextended myself. My second playthrough was on brutal, which was an entirely different ballgame. The combination of increased enemy health and decreased player health meant that my first night was only beaten through luck and many reloads. It was still fairly easy once I farmed enough turrets, but there were some massive difficulty spikes on nights when I had killed a particularly tough enemy (like red or explosive fireflies) to upgrade my Miniaturizer but couldn't gather enough of the newly available resources to build stronger turrets.Perhaps the biggest difference between Dig or Die and other block simulators is the stress mechanic. Every block has two values; strength and weight. The strength of a block determines how much weight it can support. If the block's strength is exceeded, it breaks, usually causing a chain reaction that brings down the entire structure. This means players must focus a lot more on engineering than normal. Building up with a 1-block wide tower will only get you killed as the base collapses, while building a dam is much harder than simply placing dirt in the way. However, blocks placed on a background wall never break, so this mechanic is much less influential than it could be.Dig or Die's power mechanic is also somewhat unique. Unlike redstone or Terrarian wiring, every circuit in Dig or Die requires an active power source to function. For most of the game, this means solar panels or hydroelectric power plants; no portable or storable power is available until the very end of the game. However, there are a full complement of logic gates, timers, and sensors available to use, so creating an energy-efficient teleporter or automatic airlock is not that difficult.Once you beat the game, you gain access to the Epilogue, with an infinite Auto-Crafter and Jetpack. This is not creative mode; you do not have invulnerability and enemies will still try to kill you, but with infinite resources it is much easier to take on ambitious projects, like draining the underground ocean, plugging the Volcano or flooding the entire surface.Overall Dig or Die is extremely well-polished for an Early Access game and is well worth the asking price. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Minecraft, Terraria, or games like them."
,Recommended,315460,23777687,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tjb_altf4,"Highly enjoyable game in single player, with the next big content patch to be multiplayer which will bring a whole new dimension to an already great game.Developer is highly engaged in community and is often able to introduce fixes or minor content changes raised in community forum very quickly in the release cycle."
,Recommended,315460,14837561,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,"this game is 3€ now. And there is MUCH do to. So, Sell ur crap csgo skins and buy it. That what i did ;)"
,Recommended,315460,14813900,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Anthrax,"Alright, so first off-- this game is pretty freaking great.Pros: Being able to save progress as you go, (love me some save states), nice difficulty to it, great physics logic, enemies can even break your♥♥♥♥♥♥ (try to build a base, I dare you.)Cons:  Upgrading tools-- You have to keep the one you upgrade in order craft certain items (it's basically teir specific), you can't just have one upgraded crafting thing, you have to have multiple if you want to backtrack.  It'd be more convenient in case you lose the smaller one. (Trust me, I've lost an upgrade before, it'd be pretty balls to lose the first one you get.), So much water. maybe a way to drain it or something?Overview:  Although I enjoy the game, it's best to grab it while it's still in development before the price goes up.  You probably won't regret it if you enjoy this type of game.If you'd like to see a playthrough, check mine out if you want(first video is just me adjusting and checking out the works of the game).http://youtu.be/73VK1EAwS-U"
,Recommended,315460,20024581,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,felipefrancisco,"tl;dr: Buy it, it's worthy!Worth each cent! The game is addictive, the mechanics are simple but versatile and the game is very easy to understand. Altought everything seems simple, to achieve the game's objective you must use the planet's resources in your favor, or else you'll die shortly."
76561198273766799,Recommended,315460,32329616,Posted: 10 June,all,Smashgunner,"This s a great game from what I can tell. Solo games are not my forte, but this is enjoyable. I play it in short bursts to see what I can do before i go full tryhard and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when that isn't enough. testing what I can do and build. it's rare to see a game so different that it makes me do this (experimenting made me find that plants are light sources)gg 9/10 2 player multiplayer would be cool. or up to 4. more players, higher spawn rate."
,Recommended,315460,19046227,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Strokedaddy,If you want your shpincter to tingling with excitement as you kill hordes of enemys then stay outside for the night. HIGHLY recommend this game for those who enjoy hours lost to steam and your family wondering if you died in your room.
76561198074264915,Recommended,315460,14834503,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,][sentrop|[,"For my full review and other delicious content seeGlitchDeveloped and published by Gaddy Games, a small indie studio that has dabbled in both the gaming and advergame markets, Dig or Die is a 2D, sandbox, strategy/adventure game currently in early access. You are a galactic salesperson, selling automated fabrication tools. On a recent trip your ship crash lands on a strange planet, full of hostile creatures. You must put your fabrication tools to good use, and gather the local resources to build the structures and weapons needed to explore this new world and survive the nights.The game kicks off with the protagonist outside their crashed ship, and leaves the player too start exploring and gathering resources. The crashed ship's AI offers some timely advice about some of the native creatures and some ideas on how to survive. Using your Miniaturizor you can mine the basic items of the world, and by killing different enemies collect valuable resources to build defences, and upgrade weapons and your autobuilder.I like this minimal instruction, as it is great fun getting in over your head in the early game. As you learn more about the world and find different resources, you will build stronger walls and the more powerful weapons and turrets needed to survive the onslaught of creatures each night. The night onslaughts are great fun, and have a tower defence feel.As you progress the game starts to get a good rhythm , of exploring for new resources, then collecting all you can, before choosing a defensive location and digging in for the night. After surviving the night, I found it best to pack up my modest camp and move on in search of more resources. The resource gathering is well paced, and the requirement to upgrade your autobuilder repeatedly, to get to the best building materials, weapons and Miniaturizor is a great motivator to take risks when exploring.Overall, I was quickly drawn in and addicted to the rhythm and exploration in Dig or Die. I found the pacing to be spot on, with each day cycle giving you just enough time to increase your overall resource pool, before fighting out the night. The upgrade system with the autobuilder, dangles the carrot perfectly and had me searching every inch of this world for weird and wonderful resources. I can't wait to see what other craftable items become available throughout this games development, and recommend this game to anyone who enjoys sandbox creation and exploration."
76561198203767748,Recommended,315460,33619868,Posted: 17 July,all,MrCatz,I had just put a teleporter in my base when I accidentally fell down the giant chasm. I didn't have enough materials to make a tower  and it was almost night. I shot the black piranhas thinking they were the normal ones. I was wrong. I was stuck in an underground ocean being swarmed by piranhas and bats. And I loved every second of it.10/10
76561198058328101,Recommended,315460,33427549,Posted: 10 July,all,☣Omae wa mou Shindeiru﻿™,Great game... Tower Defence Terraria
76561197970809617,Recommended,315460,25205887,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,wildrems,Good game. love the concept. not a huge fan of the building mechanic.
76561198066288613,Recommended,315460,23440702,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shuffleking03 (Magnus),I would reccomend this game ! my earlier review said the game was terrible and you couldnt even build a house now i see this is completely wrong.I only spend 1 hour on the game since i stopped so i made a new world and i love it i already did really good getting a bunch of towers up. The creators wrote back to my old review where i said i wouldnt reccomend it and they changed the gaming expirience COMPLETELYi would reccomend looking up some guides on the wiki or on youtube since i cant explain the whole game yet:) but ive had alot of fun playing till now.
76561198047690992,Recommended,315460,21446070,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Todalio,"This is probably the best ""price/quality"" game I had in the last few years.You really get into it when you start to understand the basics."
,Recommended,315460,17303857,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SkyFyre42,"*Insert long review with much praise here*Srsly, wish i wasn't too lazy to write this epic game the epic review it deserves XDAnd the dev: Amazing. The work ethic and community responsiveness is strong with this one. Kudos man.11/10"
76561198096317581,Recommended,315460,28869704,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Baphomet and the Catgirls,".Certainly worth the 8 dollary-doos I paid for it! If you're a creative type who likes tinkering, strategizing, and upgrading technology, then give this game a whirl. I truly enjoyed not only beating the game's objective, but overcoming the problems presented by my own ambitious engineering :-)Also, I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't mention how great the developer is! So few devs nowadays show as much genuine love for their games and fanbase, I really appreicated it.Watch out for the rain!"
76561198121996221,Recommended,315460,32652527,Posted: 22 June,all,KillThunder!!,Amazing game!even better now with the multiplayer update!
76561198098389641,Recommended,315460,16120356,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,"Day 1:I picked up my Plasma Rifle, ready to take on some crystal throwing bees, little did i know, attacking one would trigger a war between yuo and every Gaddamn species on that planet, even the water tries to kill you(♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ water, breaking my stuff). So after im done killing all the friendly inhabitants of the planet, i gather whats left of my ship spread across the world, killing dogs as i go. Until i come across a canyon of no end, so i build some wood to bridge across it. Then physics hit me... Oh the physics. as im about 5 blocks across the canyon, my bridge starts to snap, i realize this right as i place my sixth block. But alas, the canyon swallowed me whole...Re-Day 1:i know what to do now, so i grab the scrap, kill the animals, and set up a nice little wooden bunker with a single turret and named it george, ""Hello George!"" 'hello...' so then it rains. by the time night falls im swimming to the roof of my bunker and creatures are floating in. i needed a drainage system, so i broke a hole in the other side of my base, only to be swept down the hole and into teh canyon. day 1 doesnt like me...9.6/10 wouldfallintocanyonagainOUR GREAT LORD AN SAVIOR DONALD TRUMP HAS PROVIDED THIS GAME FOR US!!! ALL HAIL DONALD TRUMP!!! THE SECOND COMING OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!!!!"
,Recommended,315460,14846957,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Alex_Q6 ❈,"Absolutely great game. Seems odd to begin with, but but has a very cool progression system and gets good quick. How the building system has actual building physics and how the enemies dig is exactly what I wanted from other survivals, but have been disappointed with until this.And it's $3 right now, what are you waiting for? Why not try it?"
76561198089135457,Recommended,315460,15326888,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,crazywoj,"Good game, I assume one dude made this thing by pictures i seen of the ""studio""(i could be wrong) but for 3 dollars this is pretty neat. Thanks for the work you put into this game. hope you continue :)"
76561198002279671,Recommended,315460,24984785,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cannochi,"This game is a blast! It plays a lot like terraria with a few exceptions. In this game, every night you get attacked by a horde of monsters. It can be very hard to survive attacks without building up a base to retreat to every night and building defensive turrets. Oh yeah speaking of building, you have to support your buildings properly otherwise they will collapse. Some of the more useful defensive structures require electricity and one of the main ways to generate that is with hydroelectric power aka building a dam. The game has a really cool water system where it rains and the water trickles down through the earth and stuff, and you can create your own dam that takes advantage of this to power your defenses. Also, the monsters aren't some puny terraria zombies that can only attack doors or whatever. These monsters will tunnel through the earth and stone and your concrete defenses to get to you. So you can't just hide in a little hole at night.TL;DR:Basically, this game as it currently stands already has more than enough content and polish in my eyes to justify its price(Currently $7.99). I really love the base building/defense, electricity/circuit stuff, and water system."
76561197985886061,Recommended,315460,14918809,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,`Big Joe,"Looked like a fun time killer at first, but then something happened,... those pesky mobs started♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off when they would attack. i almost raged, but then i decided i would do something better than get off the planet. I WENT TO WAR. i found myself amassing the greatest fortress those aliens mobs had ever seen before. MWAHAHAHAHA. this game is awesome, i love that its an exploration game with some tower defense thrown in the mix. I see people sorta trash talking the rain/ water system. DO NOT CHANGE IT. I love the fact that i had to cover my openings and create a drainage system complete with dams for surrounding lakes. awesome game, can not wait for future updates/ expanitons."
76561198055469309,Recommended,315460,17076137,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Caspy403,"This game emphasizes physics, combat, and strategy over crafting and survival. THANK GOD FOR THAT. Excited to see what comes next."
,Recommended,315460,29194047,Posted: 11 January,all,I'm a Balcony.,the only thing i want now is a soundtrack i love the music
76561198096976523,Recommended,315460,31604289,Posted: 7 May,all,xxXPr1CklYP3n1SXxx,honestly i dont know what all the fuss is about i played a game called dwarf fortress and the game is complicated as ♥♥♥♥ and even harder and people here are complaining about it being too grindy but that means your doing it wrong terraria runescape starbound all grindy games yet ppl didnt complain it think its a challenging game and one of the few games that nailed the diffculty system 10/10 would dig n die again
76561198123542029,Recommended,315460,29700459,Posted: 4 February,all,TwitchYoyomajiin,"This game is just awesome, I got it back when it pretty much just came out for about $2-$4 i don't exactly remember the price, but I quickly fell in love with the game. It is very difficult to play at first, but as you get more efficient with your buildings and learn more about the enemies and how to fight against them it gets easier. However, this game will never go easy on you, the more you find in your world and the more you kill, the more enemies there will be trying to destroy your base night after night. The game however, can be very grindy at times near the end game, but all in all it is awesome and kept me playing for over 100 hous now. There's only 1 reason I can think of to not play this game, and that is if you hate fun."
76561198029052111,Recommended,315460,21065409,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sriopelle,"Bought the game and binged played it for 2 hours. Unfortunately life calls. Very good minecraft-esque game. Sort of like terraria. Word to the wise, build some turrets and hunker down in the mud for the first night. build two corridors for the baddies to come waltzing down and open up on 'em with your single shot rifle. Everyone complains about the water mechanics, but if you build a drainage system, the problem will take care of itself. Later you can fix the entire drainage issue when you go to build the mark three. All in all, a well put together game."
76561198043110053,Recommended,315460,23888886,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kastenessen,"A game I love straight out of the box.  Great first impression.  Great functionality in the game play.  Fluid character controls and reactions.  Good environment.   Haven't played for long yet, will play more of it in the future.  Definetly recommend if you liked terraria and other similar games, or if you like to have fun running around and blasting critters with the starter weapon.Runs beautifully.  So far as I have played."
,Recommended,315460,25720360,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MadgeAttack,"Sick game, took me 15 hrs to beat casually. Was fun solo but would be alot of fun multiplayer"
,Recommended,315460,34678974,Posted: 2 September,all,Mythos,"More often than not, I load an early access game, am disappointed, and decide to try it again after a few updates.  The first time I loaded Dig or Die, I was hooked and played through everything that was available at the time.  Very enjoyable game and I am eager to see more."
,Recommended,315460,21960100,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mogekku,"Update: I did a little research and learned how to play the game, now that I understand the mechanics I can safely progress in game and I have already had an enjoyable session.This game is tough if you play it wrong, that's what I was doing at first, don't go all gung ho when you start, sit and chat with your pesky A.I. for about 5minutes, that bot will give you the ringer and some VERY useful tips, I just wish the first thing the damn A.I. said to you when game started was along the lines of, ""Hey I see you finally woke up! Well stick around for debriefing because there's some useful information I have for you."" Would be nice because I had no idea that the A.I. is basically the beginners guide.That being said, if you love water, and physics, then you will maybe fall in love with this gem of a game, building a self sustaining hydroelectric dam is gonna be tough but its gonna be my end game goal the make a giant Power Station.I like this game a lot and I made a salty review because I was sucking really bad. I apologize to the developer for that childish act."
76561198121121533,Recommended,315460,14990304,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Tynk,What a gem.This game oozes charm from every pore.A fresh take on a genre beaten down to the point of atomization.Silky smooth control.And the price...can not be beat.Pick up this steal.Now.
76561198127643985,Recommended,315460,23134797,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Wonder Boots,"really good game to pass the time extremley challenging and hard as u have to do a certain amount of things in the day to survive the night, enemies will try and seek u out and kill u and will destroy ur base so is really interesting seeing hem do that also there are a few minor bugs such as water glitching through ceilings but over all its an awsome game just remember u need turrets to survive the nights ahead oher wise u r screwed!! trust me no turrets = dont eat me i dont taste nice also dont kill all new species in sight any specie u kill comes after u at night so dont kill anything new and scary u see the only enemy that doesnt get u at night are the fish cause they dont swim on land, well  if u take the water away then they do, but its an awsome game recomend playing it for the challenge and try and build a base to survive and get off the planets in the least amount of days as possible"
,Recommended,315460,34858561,Posted: 10 September,all,Damagak,"Not the best game I have ever played, but certianly worth the $10. Do your self a favor and don't look anything up though, game is a little too short to ruin the playtime with that."
27194132102031118,Recommended,315460,15439980,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,lytal,"A game that is similar to Terraria, or should I say, 'like' terraria, but you only use logic, you need iron frames to keep things up, too much weight might break a part of your house, or the entrance of your house may cause a flood in it. The things I like about this game are the attacks during the night, and how you can/cannot build your house, and the graphics of it, oh and you gotta use your brain to survive and build, don't go making random crap thinking you'd survive, the npc's can break the blocks that protect you. Oh and if you want wood, keep some water on your grass so it can grow some trees. But still, it is a simple game but a hard one at that, if you don't strategize, you'll die tons! Loving this game so far, would like to see a LOT of things change, improve and be added to this game."
76561198114125578,Recommended,315460,14884151,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,RockyBalbroa,"Everything an Early Access game should be and more! It's already a total blast to play. Crafting, mining, firing your laser cannons at waves of bloodthirsty enemies. It's all here (at $2.99 thats a steal)! He plans on slowly raising the price to fit the product, which is actually brilliant. I think a lot of IniDevs could learn a thing or two from this man. All I have to say is BUY IT WHILE IT'S SO CHEAP!-Casey"
,Recommended,315460,21043079,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,diablo09,"A very nice idea of pricing. For $5, this game is a steal as it is. And where you pay $20 for a ""promised"" game, this concept of increasing pricing for ""new"" buyers based on added content is promising. For early buyers, they already got more than the discount that they hoped for. Yes there would be a risk anyways when buying early access, but it is now very much limited.In my view, the amount of content present for $5, is quite promising to take the risk."
,Recommended,315460,25264539,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LeoLuxo,"There are many people who would compare DigOrDie to a certain game starting with ""Ter"" and ending with ""ia"", but I don't think so. This game is all about survival, 2D physics, realistic water, a bit of tower defence and WHAT-IS-THIS-ABOMINATION-MONSTER-HELP-PLEASE. And it's hard. You'll die often, and you'll restart often. But heck, its worth it. WARNING: The AI is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Sometimes monsters will try to dig through 2 blocks away from the supposed entrance.DigOrDie is fun, addicting, has nice music, and pretty beautiful graphics for a 2D voxel game.IDigIt/10"
76561198230377312,Recommended,315460,18583139,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tomhurstj,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT WILL RUIN YOU.So I spent not nearly enough money buying this gorram narcotic, and it took me a good three days (nearly 40 hours worth) of ignoring all my emails, social life and work requirements to beat this thing. On easy. I might as well give up on my career now.PROS:Interesting gameplaySeriously annoying physics challengesWell thought-out crafting treesLarge mapOre spawns at good levelCONS:Can get annoying later in the game with items that intentionally slow down walking and swimming speedEssentially as addictive as crackIn all seriousness, a very good game. I can't wait for the next stages of development!"
,Recommended,315460,20776789,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,burtonious_maximus,"One of my favorite games in my library.  At first I wasn't sure what to do, but with the help of little hints from your ""spaceship"" buddy.  I quickly got the hang of what it wanted me to do.  The progression with the auto builders is superbly done, as that is pretty much spelled clearly out what needs to be done.  It might be a little difficult to find all of the items, but tha's where this game shines.  The ingenuity required to reach the floating islands will have you trying to build scaffold and use stronger stuff, and be really frustrated when it comes crashing down.*you can jump higher with the shotgun's recoil.  That was a super fun tidbit to learn*"
,Recommended,315460,29640118,Posted: 1 February,all,Windows NT,"17 hours to beat the game, on easy. This is what it is as early access, I am very excited for the future of this game."
,Recommended,315460,33162158,Posted: 2 July,all,[P2:Abyss] Pac0master,Pretty interesting game.Just make sure not to hurt any mobs in the Early game.
,Recommended,315460,14802853,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Diableschou,"This is an amazing game, the gameplay is challenging yet fun, and the main goal is obviously survival. If there were a survival mode after the game was completed, that would be awesome."
,Recommended,315460,23705029,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,甜心萝卜糕,"very good,interesting.but i found some problems.---proposal---1.In the game we know that each square is a volume.But I want the water to have its size,And other things have some physical effects.2.About getting started guide the help of the game is to guide us to build a spaceship.example,playing minecraf,show you how to create a Crafting Table.I think it's necessary.--- BUG---1.Language translation problems.2.MK IV and MK V is same name.(include Model)3.Some UI details.Sometimes it bothers me.4.Background wall problem,Soil can not be placed---optimization---1.Random refresh map2.friends online3.Design of the main interface of the game4.Design UI,(GUI HUD Minimap)5.Minimap refresh synchronization6.To maintain their own style------------support!!"
76561198119135336,Recommended,315460,14829387,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Pandyy,This game is Fun. I wou;d give a 8.5/10 And i kinda find it addicting for some veird reason.I know this is a early game but things that should be defenetley added1.MULTYPLAYER2.Bosses3.Weird eventsWill play again.
,Recommended,315460,22314512,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Kaihne,"Dig or DIE!(Usable rewiev is in a bit lower, long post)Kinda a game similiar to Terraria.But there is one thing that bothers me really in this game:I Feel like NOAH during the biblic float, just without an ARC!I fully adapted now to the water.My House is underwater,My Caves are udnerwater,My enemies drown underwater,I Drown underwater!7,8/10 - Would drown again(WARNING may contain spoilers or hints that could help you in game)Now for the serious rewiev:When i would have compare Terraria or DoD, i would chose DoDi make a little pro and con list what i like:Pros:-Its a allready known game mechanism you get used to really fast-adaptive Monsters-HUGE enemy waves at night-An objective you have to complete-A beautifull, living planet that wont stop trying to get rid of you-Different Difficulty modes, from Easy (Hard) to Brutal (its only DIE then, no Dig)- Bosses!Cons:-its hard to maintain the huge amounts of water in the beginning and find a way to Dig deeper for materials.-saddly, no multiplayer (i hope that will change) (update: IT DID)After i played this game even more, I got used to the floading planet type, even found a way to use the water as power source with a water power plant! Now the amounts of water power my teleports and base defenses!I like this game, its something new (well not the game mechanism), you have enemys you never seen before and the concept, that every single new species that you kill, will encouter you at night too, i like that. Overall its already a solid game worth the relative small priceI highly recommand to buy that game, if you are a terraria or minecraft fan, or if you just looking for a game that challenges you with enemys and natural power! (Like water)Update:The Multiplayer finaly got finished (yay!). Now you can play with your friends local or online up to 4 Players! Find new fun in this game when you didnt played it longer by inviting your friends via Steam! Work together to Build, Construct, destroy, kill, evaporate almost everything!And everything is better when you do it with friends. Even drowning"
76561198072272679,Recommended,315460,19126039,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rezio,very nice game...very high potential :) cant wait for the next updates :)
76561197995292492,Recommended,315460,23209676,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,l)iStUrBeD,A lot more entertaining than it looks.
76561198089029742,Recommended,315460,23479618,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Hentai God,"very fun game.You may think it is a rip off of terraria but it is nothing like it.Amazing game mecanics,and you will have a blast playing it."
,Recommended,315460,30775077,Posted: 27 March,all,Ravenal,"DIG OR DIEI have to say that this game is beyond awesome.  The fact that I got it when it was $7.99 which I feel like it is to low in price, but hey I'll take it. I love the fact that it has water physics, structure integrity, power structures, and most of all dynamic challenges.  One screw up and your dead, go to far without preparing yourself, well your dead.  Fall to far down the chasm your dead.  Go away from your defense base when it is about go into the night, you better scramble to use all the walls to protect yourself and ""Pray"" that you'll survive the night.  Get swarmed because you we're not prepared, then well you'll die.  Dig to deep with water pressure nearby in the 30+ and you break through and drown.  Well you die.  This game speaks for itself.After playing all weekend.  This game is highly addictive and NOW that was playing on EASY mode.  I haven't even finished the game and I feel like it's pretty tough already but not hard enough.  So I will be starting over (yes over again) since I learned the hard way about building a defense base.Will be doing ""NORMAL"" mode.  How will I design the base, the water flow for rivers/to my defense base and end game base.  Well that is up to me.  However, this game is ""NOT"" a clone.  It has similarities to Starbound (Which I have played), Minecraft (I have not played, and no I won't play it), Terraria (Have not played it).  With that saying, the concept of exploration (do it carefully), and preparing your end-game base is critical.  Don't do what I did, just explore like crazy and then almost get wiped.  Save often, you don't know what might be lurking around that corner.Let's say I cannot wait to get home to play more.  If you get the game you won't get disappointed (that is if your like me that likes water physics, structure integrity, powering your base with wires)"
76561198018592009,Not Recommended,315460,31070232,Posted: 10 April,all,Chickenmonster,"This is an interesting game that runs a terraria feel.  Sadly it suffers from a lack of depth in my opinion.  The goal of the game is to get off the planet, and to do that you need to follow a semi-linear boss run path.  The night cycle is irritating to do and the final bit of the game is grindy due to requiring a massive amount of defenses as you depend on them for multiple minutes as you defend against massive waves of overly strong opponents.  This game feels like a 10 hour experience extended to 30."
,Recommended,315460,14840912,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Hatcatson hellcase.com,"My first imperessions of the game (from videos and gameplay)Pros:I downloaded the game and it took barely anytimeYou can easily just jump in once startedThe world generation is random and done wellYou can get ingame tips from the startThere is alot to explore and find.The animation is niceCons:When you fall in a hole without anything to build out with you will be screwed overIt looks like it would be really good as a multiplayer game not it isnt ATM and i hope it will be soonYou only have one life then your world gets deleted which could be really annoying if you are far in but that could be funOver all i think this game is great and when i posted this i have had about 10 mins play time. I hope you all see this if you are thinking of buying this and i hope the devs see this so they can change this based on this review, thanks for reading and devs... PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER!!!!!"
,Recommended,315460,17068720,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,CaptainPkmn,"This game is really fun. Though, I think Dig or Die isn't most fitting title for this game... Neverless....This game is very well made for the start of early access.Water, Water, Water.... every where.Yes. There is tons of water but if your smart enough, you build your base on the highest part of the Mountain. If the monsters are too high of a level, build to the start of the area where the monsters are high level.So it begins, for new players: Normal is more on 'learning the game mode of survival' and Hard is well... Hard.When I started this game, I did it onHardand I suffered painfully. After 3 deaths from Hard difficulty night time, I decided it was best to start a normal game. I kept on forgetting to save the game, because if you don't save it... You have to start all over again if you die.Water wasn't a problem for me on Normal [after 3 games], because I connected the water waste to the huge tunnels that goes wayyyyy below.-The most important part of this game is:-180* turrets on top of the roofsome 180* turrets on the bottom with straight turrets going inward where the house is.This way, none of the monsters can destroy your house.Make sure your house is off the ground by 4-5 blocks high so that the monsters can't jump up.-The other thing is, I strongly recommend having cement blocks and wood platform 1by1This will help you shoot below, jump up to your house, filter the rain out of your house if it manage to get through, and let the excess Wasp monster to come through the bottom if the turrets can't kill them fast enough. Make sure you have a lot of health potions.Overall, I love the game for what it is right now. But you may be like-  ""there some negative reviews!""There is only one thing I got to say about that:""Wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Noah Ark Simulator. Wahhhhhhhhh.""- Get over it. Build tunnels into caves. Build your house on the mountain. Be a man.Good Job for making this game. I'm glad that I bought tons of this game gifts now than later."
76561198079166748,Recommended,315460,20359482,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Apoka,"It's many years I am lookingfor an entertaining survival,without finding the right game.Finally I bought Dig or Die, andI can say that up to now- January 2016 - this game isthe best survival game evermade.It's unbelievable: for only5 euros, from an indiedeveloper, Dig or Die is still inEarly Access and it's already10/10."
76561198148007571,Recommended,315460,25221635,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rcmrocks2,Love this game! cant wait untill the multiplayer update! And its almost here!!!!! if you havent bought the game buy it now!!!!Edit: Multiplayer is here!!!!!!!!! you can now enjoy it even more with friends! or randoms if u have no friends but thats ok.
76561198078237635,Recommended,315460,31082527,Posted: 11 April,all,sirdiesalot72,An amazing game i thought it was gonna be a clone of Terraria with some new features but it feels and plays so much different from it. This game may look like other games like it but really its a whole new take on this genre. In my opinion the only problem right now with this game is that there isn't enough content atm but the dev's seem to be very active on updating so that will be changed in no time.
,Recommended,315460,21818149,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MiniJ147,"For an early access game, I've never been more pleased than by Dig or Die. This game is so incredibly fun, albeit insanely difficult if you choose any higher difficulty than Normal, but that adds to the game in a way that seems to make it more alive. The planet you crash on shouldn't feel like a home, it should feel hostile and Dig or Die definitely makes it hostile.If you're balancing on whether to buy this game or not, you should because it will only get better from here. I hope multplayer comes."
76561198053561874,Recommended,315460,24508777,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Menzagitat,"Base defense using towers.By day you go to find resources.During night monsters fight back and your towers are your hope.The night is short but full of action,You cannot save the game during night. Fair enough.People may compare it with Terraria or Starbound but this is a different kind of game for different kind of players."
,Recommended,315460,31048742,Posted: 9 April,all,LifeWeaver,"Fun, save often, use the water to your advatage, and enjoy.  What happens after the credits is great!"
76561198061321341,Recommended,315460,17533303,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,if it rains,"I'm going to punctuate this review with one sentence because it's what kept me satisfied through my first few hours of play; You can use the recoil from a shotgun to jump higher and use this to one shot enemies that were previously out of range.The fluid mechanics are pretty good, even there's enough water to contend with a flooded Venice. Then again, you can clear the ""bridge"" challenge by using the recoil from the shotgun.The enemies are nicely varied if a bit overpowered by being able to dig and swim infinitely (even the flying ones). If there was an achievment for killing 6 enemies while airborn, I would have it, thanks to the shotgun.The night combat gets inane and tedious once you've realised you can build a huge base in the minded out ""crater"" of a mountain. There really should be multiplayer so I can blast my friends with my shotgun, while flying over them in a hail of shot and glory.This game has a huge amount of potential but needs a significant amount of development and balancing. Shotgun is love, shotgun is life.P.S. Make the shotgun on your first night, profit."
76561198184066823,Recommended,315460,20538847,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tankysheep,"Bought this game in april 2015 and it's fun but they should put more craftable things in this game (and yes i know this game is still in early acces). And they should ad a character costumization option, I see a bright futere for this game."
,Recommended,315460,15342101,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,>:(,"I shot a firefly, then 50 fireflys came back at night for revenge, I died.Real ReviewDig or Die is aEXTREMELYfun game to play, I absolutely love it!FeaturesTons of content so far, tower defense like gameplay at night! Challenging gameplay, Relentless AI, Building, Physics for Building, Base Building so you don't die at night, Evil Wolf things that try to kill you in large packs at times, Soon to be Multiplayer, Currently $5 USDHowever the price increases at every Major Update so buy it while it's $5 USD.once you buy it you don't have to pay for the next update, Probably a lot more stuff I was too lazy to mention like Mining.EDIT: There has been a new major update that has added Boss battles, new weapons, jetpacks, rocket launchers, and more!Overall I give this game a...9.4/10So what are you even waiting for???BUY THIS AMAZING GAME!!!"
,Recommended,315460,23060039,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Arcane Lizard ☣☠,great game but please add a multiplayer! :)
76561198067079481,Recommended,315460,20214983,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shrek,"I've only played about a half hour of the game and from what I can tell it is very well made, the fact that mobs can destroy blocks and such makes the game a lot more fun then games where mobs can only attack you and not blocks, companions, etc.One thing that will make this game even better will be when multiplayer comes out, many of my friends love these types of games and I'm sure they will play it when I tell them about it. The developer also actually cares about the game unlike other developers who don't bother listen to suggestions. I will definitely continue playing this game in the days to come."
,Recommended,315460,16917684,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Watkuweis,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author.....Wildlife is Very reasonable also, no zombies, no giant eyeballs...basically terraria is a Clone of every Castlevania game with construction elements added. tbhjust so happens that the game is 2D, and after that the games begin to get further and further from being identical.i should say i own both games and never had as much fun as i have in Dig or Die.ːpickː ːworkerː ːmendː ːspiralloveː10/10 recommendedFantastic Game! So much fun, a great 2D game made by a very talented guy. Im thrilled to see it progress and glad to have bought it, I have another copy for a friend. very nice one man effort. Keep up the great work and I hope more players try this game before judging it, or painting it with ""clone"" nonsense.10/10 Recommendedp.s.For those that complain about water on the planet... its Awesome. adds a great twist to surviving and new elements coming out will really be fun to use. ie [water power generators]. blame the planet not the game, I hope addional ""Levels"" come out so that I can go to say a ""planet with valcanic erutions"" or ""and icy blizzard planet""  each offering up a different challenge like the rain/floods do now. Building mechanics with stresses on blocks causing them to break is Awesome. Simply makes me work harder to reach my goals.Again for a game made single handedly by one guy, i'm impressed and cant wait to see more. Bravo!"
,Recommended,315460,14741865,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,MissingNO,"A lot of fun right now. Very short learning curve...if you've played Terraria or any of the others in this genre, you can pick it up right away. The only thing that threw me at first was that you have to create multiple work stations that appear identical, but learning is learning. :)The water physics in this are spot on. Very smooth. The nights are short, frantic and fun, and you breathe a sigh of relief when daylight comes! I only played on easy just to get to grips with the game, but I can see this being a massive time sink for me.The stage the game is at right now is very playable, and if you like Terraria mashed up with a little bit of 7 Days to Die, you can't go wrong here for this price."
76561198072836104,Recommended,315460,15348280,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,kirbylisk,Very fin to play in my opinion. it may look and feel linear at the start. but once night falls you realize two things. 1 I NEED MORE GLOWY BEE GEMS. and 2  i need more time! all in all I really enjoyed my time playing this game.
76561198106023422,Recommended,315460,14895135,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Alex,"9/10 This is certainly a good game. I only gave the score that I did because recently the gaming community has been saturated by collect and craft survival games. At first you might think that this game is a walk in the park and not even worth your money, but you will soon find out that this game is a nightmare of desperately fighting for your life in order to get off the planet. I personally love tower defence games, and I really like how the crafting mechanic is integrated into that while not being extremely easy or overly complicated."
76561198235120508,Recommended,315460,17535314,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Pacmanlite,"This game is awesome!!!It combines the strategic style of TD (Tower Defence) with the epicness of the 2d side scrollerThe perfect game in my opinionIf you like Terraria, Starbound or any TD game then this is for you!!"
76561198154353905,Recommended,315460,33789606,Posted: 25 July,all,SuperCharger116,"Great game, now multiplayer"
,Recommended,315460,34434637,Posted: 23 August,all,Kameleon,"Amazing survival tower defense game! on first look you think oh not another terraria clone but you couldnt think anymore wrong! brutal from the word go every second counts in order to survive, this game offers much more than meets the eye!"
,Recommended,315460,33188044,Posted: 3 July,all,Awmax,"First of all, the soundtrack in this game is ON POINT.Second of all, although this game isnt that fun without a friend to play with, in my opinion atleast, with multiplayer, it's amazing.Oh and its plenty difficult so your never trying to figure out why its too easy, say its easy on brutal, SAY IT."
,Recommended,315460,18665614,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Desim,"Just buy it, seriously._The block physics and water flowings are exquisite._It's a sandbox while also being story/mission-driven._There is some tower defence involved (which I'm no real fan of) but it's pretty wel balanced with the exploration part_Monsters are varied as well, I have my favorites and others I hate, they can dig out your base_plants grow and die, so the world can change everytime you visit- LASERS, PEW PEW ! :3Don't forget your umbrella !"
76561198002559682,Recommended,315460,17867570,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Bizon87,"A small gem of an indie game that is inventive, reusing existing concepts but with innovative goals. At this price, it's a bargain. You can play a fully functional game for a few bucks; and the developer is active and looking to improve it so it might even get better in the future."
76561197970228784,Recommended,315460,34173199,Posted: 11 August,all,Oarc,"Feels like a finished game.Just restarted playing again and bought the game for a friend so we can play multiplayer.There are some minor desync issues with multiplayer (slight differences in what my friends sees and what I see, sometimes taking random dmg from lag) but nothing that stops us from enjoying the game.Well worth the money. Does NOT feel like early access.Developer is very polite and replies to most requests/questions."
,Recommended,315460,24641509,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CelestialCutie,"this game is one  game i do not regret buying. it is fun and challenging. you dont just  go wreck everything, you have to be a little more strategic and not only that there are phyics in this game that make it even better.. i love it ^-^also good job you guys for this amazing game you created"
76561198107909284,Recommended,315460,25656622,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,C0BeltzI,"I very much like this game, for me and maybe others there was a learning curve when it came to survival, Mob pathing routes, building, trying to kill pirahna with a plasma rifle and building mechanics. The game is great the things that were a nuisance to get around was that I couldn't get materials from weak mobs that dont spawn nearly as much anymore, I have hell hounds, Heavy particle bird, and particle birds coming for me at night and the only way I can find Black hounds for their horns to make large HP potions is to scour the caves hoping to find some, this I think goes for all the uncommon weak monsters once you get into MK V Autobuilder. Also, it would be amazing in time, there were different color, texture and concepts of walls and wall backgrounds. As well as platforms. I have alot of random materials I needed once and dont ever need again it would be nice to see catcus infused doors or catcus traps or something along that broad line. Also, I find no use for the hydro electric damn, I want to use it alot I love the concept but after trying and trying to make it work it doesn't its very hard to impliment and tedious to find the perfect conditions to make it work. I guess thats what makes this game so fun is that its hard and you die ALOT and develop a muscle memory to save it 24/7. The only other thing I have to suggest is a broader array of armor, weapons (very content with the weapons now) and customizable characters and clothing. The last point was very broad and basic I know but these are all suggestions on how I think they can make this great game even greater."
76561197998676983,Recommended,315460,24393266,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Titbot Romnibus,A very fun and challenging game.  For an early access game this one seems ready to go.
76561198039110977,Recommended,315460,35010238,Posted: 16 September,all,Whisp,"Well I NEVER go for these types of games but after 80+ hours in the 3 weeks since I purchased it, I can hardly say that I haven't already had my monies worth!!!Sucked right in, it was great fun!Bigger than I thought.Bloody addictive!Totally recommended!!& I haven't even tried multiplayer yet :o)"
,Recommended,315460,23435449,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Aliza,"Completing the game on Brutal difficulty has been one of my best survival/exploration/sandbox gaming experiences ever. I can absolutely recommend it for anyone who likes to explore, build, and think their way out of trouble with a very good feeling of both purpose and danger. Controls are very well done and not complicated at all, and (at least for your first playthrough) there is plenty to discover and learn. And the title is spot on ^^. You'll have to dig a lot--or die!"
,Recommended,315460,23717407,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"I gave an early access review about 2 days after this game was greenlit, and it was a good one.Came back expecting to see the same quality graphics, which where really good to begin, with and I found a major improvement in fine details.The game play was great for the first tech demo i bought. Now this game is close to a full product.Forget about other survival games like terraria, and Starbound. This is a survival game in a league of its own!Physics mean No floating houses!! A very realistic building experiance.Water is a deadly foe! Rains come and your seemingly indestructable fortress soon becomes an underwater tomb.A.I. can all damage your walls, and try to break in. This gives purpous to building unlike terraria, and Starbound.None of this fashon show crap either! You are there to survive, and escape the planet.Oldschool save and load system.Great music sountrack. Daytime is nice tranquil music, night time it is sort of jazzy.HARD!! You are not going to be board after you lern how to build, like EVERY OTHER SURVIVAL GAME ON THE PLANET!!Really good game. Very happy I helped support early development."
,Recommended,315460,26590600,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,retarded teletubbie,"Dig or die is a Terraria style game, but with a large amount of differences.Pros- Its physics that add realism to the game and require us to think.- Its beautiful water. Rainfalls, oceans, lakes, the unstoppable water is used everywhere, from electricity to a shield against lava.Cons- Its ♥♥♥♥ing physics that make a bridge/tower constuction impossible.- The rainfalls every 30 seconds that flood your house every timeReally enjoyed the game, especially what you get after escaping your planet."
,Recommended,315460,31223199,Posted: 18 April,all,rex00134,"A great mix of sandbox, physics, survival and fun!This game offers something different than your traditional terraria-esque games. You don't have the grind of desperately scrambling to get a weapon to defend yourself with, having to constantly replenish your hunger and thirst and other stuff that survival games require you to do. There is only one goal: get off this planet.You use the advanced tools at your desposal to defend yourself against waves of enemies at night, which can be tough, but if you build smart can be quite fun. There is no you have to upgrade from wood to the most powerful weapons in the game. You start off with weapons that can just about defend you, but you can take the game at your own pace. The more monsters you kill for the first time, the more that come at you at night. This is a really intuitive and unique take on classic wave based survival, and offers a tremendous amount of challenge but not too much for those who just want to play casually.Besides, this game runs on stone age hardware, so what's not to like?Edit:Coming back to this later, I must admit I find it a little difficult to get back into the game, and yet when I find the will to press that play button, it does not disappoint. Even now I immensely enjoy goofing around in this game, and legitimately attempting to leave, because of the amazing physics, graphics and gameplay mechanics.10/10 would listen to the music on repeat for 3 hours again."
76561198061603178,Recommended,315460,16272663,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Crispiest Crouton,GAME OF THE YEARANY YEAR
76561198109983564,Recommended,315460,33130058,Posted: 2 July,all,acl46,Great game. The Co-op works really well. Good compination of Tower Defence and Crafting.
76561198122596080,Recommended,315460,22832831,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Storm0267,"Great game, albeit quite difficult! I do wish there was  a sandbox mode that takes place in a survival world, yet you are invincible and have infinite stuff, and torches work underwater so you can dig as deep as you stuff and flood caves with water and lava."
,Recommended,315460,17913944,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lt.Pwnzer123,"ive only just started playing, and it is amazing!Pros-Physics-Awesome Music-Dangerous at NightCons-None that i can think of!"
,Recommended,315460,23714094,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RUM HAM,"Great game, could use some more tips on items and what to do next.  The part where I needed the Diamond was ridiculous, had to finally watch a youtube video in French to see where it was.   Had to google many things, would rather have clues or tips in game to help figure it out.  Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,315460,17657449,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,♠Ace♠,LOVE this game! though i think its still missing a few features but that is acceptable because its early access and new. I hope the devs will look forward into making this game better and to the devs: PLS ADD MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,315460,14765848,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tchey,"Immediate fun. Easy to learn, nice to play. Talking about Terraria, yes but no : it has little to do with it. Actually it's more like a Tower Defense, and you only dig and explore to find better ressources to build the base (even if yo can try to play without any base). The physics involvde in the game change completly the feeling of ""the genre"".Crafting is simple, combat is dense, moves are swift, and i hope it stays that way. It's fun to build some emergency shelter with physics, it's fun to see the walls destroyed under enemy's attacks, it's fun to see the water flooding the place.And it's only 3€ for the release."
76561198030376780,Recommended,315460,15679614,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BolaSquirrel,"Fell in a hole and spent 3 nights in a blind panic, almost cried tears of joy when I finally reached the surface again alive.. Haven't played a game this fun and challenging in ages!"
76561198055533326,Recommended,315460,23560969,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,F3ar m3,"There isnt much to say about the game and that's what i like about it, it can run on any computer and it's simple and fun and it keeps your mind thinking about what to place and what to do.one of the best 2d/tower defence/survival games i have played. 9.9 outa ten. One tiny thing is missing...MULTIPLAYER!"
76561198058283270,Not Recommended,315460,15934210,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Spooky,"If I made this game, I would have called it swim or die.  Or noah's ark 2.  There is water everywhere, and it gets a little insane.  At this point in time, I would say this isn't such a great game, and that I wouldn't recommend it until it comes off early access.The good parts of this game is the music for sure!  It's very upbeat during nighttime.  It sets a good atmosphere, and it works pretty well with the game.  I love the backgrounds above ground, and I honestly like the building physics.  It makes sense and is fun to try and build something nice while avoiding it collapsing.The bad parts of the game, as I mentioned before, is the water.  Mind you, I love rain in video games, but I started to dread it when a storm came in.  It is almost impossible to get out of a cave after it rains because the current is so strong, and If you build your house wrong, it floods.  I feel like I had to maintain the landscape and caves of the game, to allow it to drain properly.  I really like the idea that the world was flooding, but the water needed to drain faster, and the current is just too strong.Another annoying thing about the game was the movement.  I could be walking on flat ground and it would seem like I was being jerked around in the other direction.  He would almost stutter back and forth as he walked.  Same for the mobs.  The character's jumping is also really strange, because it seems like he jumps differently every time.  Sometimes he'll jump really short, and other times he'll jump his normal height.  It makes it really hard to get around the terrain that way.  I really like the shotgun, and I love that there is knock back from the weapon, but it can get a little too out of hand. A couple of shots and I'm either a third across the map, or I'm careening down the cave shaft.The crafting could use more explanation.  I have a lot of ingredients, like grass, but don't know what to do with it all.  Could use a chest or something to keep all the junk until you upgrade crafting stations.  Also the underground is a bit boring.  The graphics are very simple, but it just needs something to break up the really mundane rock and dirt.Not bad for so inexpensive, but it definitely needs some work.  I'll be interested to see how it updates."
,Recommended,315460,19453010,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Antheus,"Great game, amazing water physics, amazing sound track, and much fun! 100/100"
76561198009479784,Recommended,315460,29435968,Posted: 22 January,all,Vextris,"Dig or Die is a really fun base building, survival game in which you explore the world, collect materials and resources and craft various weapons and armor in addition to bases and base defenses to help you survive the night.  What makes this game special and sets it apart from other games in the genre is:1) Each night, you will be swarmed by the enemies you have killed at least once in your playthrough.2) The rain/water mechanics which add an amazing amount of depth to the game and should not be overlooked.3) The building physics of the blocks and how they support one another.  Very fun stuff!I really enjoyed playing through this game and have done so twice now.  I highly recommend it as long as you like base building, action/adventure, recourse gathering/crafting games as well as base defense games.  You can play it many different ways and are only truly limited by your own imagination.*This is an early access title but for only $7.99 USD, this game is worth the full price in my opinion.  I am not sure how much more support or additional development the developers plan to do to support this game as it seems very finished and complete as it is.  I had NO crashes or bugs with the two playthroughs I did."
76561198287813055,Recommended,315460,35161149,Posted: 23 September,all,TGman72,5 Stars.Best Music ever Great Gameplay Love the Physics.Great Game Highly Reccamended
76561198324121114,Recommended,315460,30825839,Posted: 29 March,all,dragonslayer,"Wow... i was just blown away with how good this game is. i loved the reciol from the guns and the bosses. my first day in the game i typicly just was walking around and farting plasma.... until it became night, the music rivals that of terraria ( i am a big terraria fan, i have it on my XBOX 360) and is awsome. the game does have some tweaks though, i hope that in the future they alow you to craft an object to summon a boss to defeat it again. another problem that i have with this game is i can find some really rare stuff (black crystals and light crystals) but i cant seem to find the more common stuff (black grass and black mushrooms) i think that this is just my terrable searchingskills, but it might be better to make the black grass and black mushrooms more common. although these are just my opions. P.S. Sorry for my crappy spelling.-_-"
,Recommended,315460,16267584,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Teriyaki-Sama,"-Builds massive walls-""Nothing can get through those! Muhahahaha""-Rain falls in betweens walls-Water overweights walls.-No walls-Monsters attack-""Uhhh""10/10 would Waste time on building massive walls again. Also would simulate AoT music in my head again."
76561198064475058,Recommended,315460,22225756,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,quebstion_mark,"Well made, fun, and opens up a nice amount of creativity in building. Not too buggy as far as I can tell"
,Recommended,315460,16253205,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Jmt660,"Very fun and cheap. You better pick up this game soon before it hits its full price of $12, so you get all the content for a fraction of the price."
,Recommended,315460,16295936,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Beldarak,"This game is kinda cool. It's very well executed, and the general feeling of the gameplay is really good (gun recoil, sounds, etc...).For the moment (June 2015) it really lacks content but for that price I can't complain.Can't wait to see where the development will go."
76561197993587162,Recommended,315460,21214713,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,reconjames,"it's like terraria, only with tower defense and lots of rain. tons of stuff to craft. lots of enviroments to explore and tons of challenges. plenty of bosses to fight.every night you need to try to survive the monster attacks. you have to choose each night to return to your base, or set up your defenses where you are before the sun sets and pray you survive the night. make sure you keep an eye on the clock lest night creep up on you unprepared. the ending of the game they added in version .2 is well worth it, just make sure you are prepared for it.oh, and watch out for the sharks."
,Recommended,315460,24948593,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,paulcdejean,"Way more potential than terraria or starbound.Starbound is massive but you'll find no planet on starbound as exciting as the volcano is in dig or die.The planet of dig or die being small just means that all the good stuff is packed into there. Don't let no man's sky ruin procedurally generated scifi games for you. This isn't hundreds of planets to discover, but nothing there worth exploring. This is one comfortably sized planet to explore with a lot of interesting things to see.Also the actual programming is quite good, the game runs incredibly smoothly, the platforming feels great, and the physics of construction and water and excellently done. I'll be buying this game for a few different people."
76561198080441769,Recommended,315460,17387475,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,URCH HeadUrchin,Need multiplayer
,Recommended,315460,21222454,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,QuiescentRabbitt,"Dig or die is a great game overall. I highly recommend it to everyone. The developer has many future plans for store, and updates the game overhauling the entire experience. It's a very unique idea, and the first 2D voxel game I've seen to introduce structual integrity. In the future multiplayer is planned, and considering how much fun I'm already having, I see great things now for this game, and even greater things for the future"
,Recommended,315460,16408456,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bot Eric,"FUN!Would buy 4 of this game if it was multiplayer but its not.(Its Early access so Soon)Reason why i brought it was Because of the Popular Indie game Youtuber Paulsoarsjr he made a lets play that really interested me, so i brought it.I reccomend this for people who like terraria and other 2D Indie games (Starbound)honest rating: 7/10 (Remeber Early access game)"
76561198057945480,Recommended,315460,30880072,Posted: 1 April,all,Inventor Inc,"It's a great game and, well worth the price it's marked at at the time of this review.-It's fun.-Enjoyable.-You can play it in a different way whenever you start a new game.-Give's you a lot of play time.-It's a great survival game merged with tower defence.-After one play through you learn new tips and tricks to use in your next play through.Even though it is still in early access, would recommend getting it, has a lot of potential.8/10"
76561198088739943,Recommended,315460,16254392,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TheDragonWhisperer,"I'll put it simply: If you are thinking about getting this game, get it. If you aren't thinking about getting this game, get it anyway. This game combines traditional 2D sandbox mechanics with build-a-base mechanics. The concept is simple: Collect resources as best you can during the day, and fight off hordes of monsters during the night. However, this game makes you think. This game makes you consider every path, every defence, every resource, every kill, and every risk on every step of the way.Another thing that separates it from the rest are the mechanics. What other game makes you considerwater pressurein your defence strategy? Suffice it to say, you won't find any floating blocks in this game!Now of course, comes the cons. The complaints I have in this game are few. For one thing, it rains too much. You may complain about Minecraft rain being too loud, but in this game flooding is a serious problem. It can mess with your movement (which can easily kill you in more tense situations) and given enough time can break your structures. Another problem would be the building is a little... off. Just little things, like a block breaking when it shouldn't have or the support behaving unexpectedly, but they could still use some fine tuning.When it comes right down too it, that's all that's wrong with this game; it just needs some fine tuning. As a game that still in it's early stages, all it's problems should be taken with a grain of salt. From the time you're climbing the steep learning curve to when you've conquered its challenges, the game remains fun the whole time.Over all, a fun game with huge potential, and one I would happily pay three times as much for."
76561198048104542,Recommended,315460,20860218,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Feebelnaut,Quick Review:Pros:Very uniqueBuilding physicsForces you to thinkFinding your own solution is rewardingChallenging experienceGreat funCons:End game comes fast and abruptBuilding is difficult to learnVery trial and errorLimited content (Still early though)
76561197991325579,Recommended,315460,29125247,Posted: 8 January,all,Spook79,Great little game. Simple yet loads of fun. I like the idea of having to defend yourself against mobs every night. And that the nights get progressively harder with the more mobs types you kill. Not a steep learning curve to the game.
76561198044050643,Recommended,315460,24631950,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kastortorrealba,"This game was so satisfactory, especially the ending!Super recommendable.Be prepared to say goodbay to a few hours of your life if you buy it though."
76561197984441286,Recommended,315460,29140367,Posted: 9 January,all,Nacht,It is good fun ... i'm rather new and still on my path to find out what does what. Besides from the difficulty level you can also avoid attacking new enemies until you are ready so you can adjust the speed of exploration at your own pace you wanna play the game.The graphics are good ... its a survival game with nightly hordes attacking youre base ... done  with a great amount of fun. It moves and behaves also very well.Even in this state v0.3 its a complete and playable game.9/10
76561198059901088,Recommended,315460,16181547,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,adeemin,"Love it. I like the day and night cycle and that it'll show how long you will have until day is over. I like how the mobs will only attack you at night if #1 you're close to them or #2 you attacked one of that particular species at some point already. I also like the different difficulty settings. You really don't see that often in most games where there will be 5 different difficulties with one being peaceful. I don't think I could handle anything over normal though, currently. One thing I would change if I could is not to have as many mobs starting out, because when I'm looking for a place to build after my first move I don't want to be running down too many mobs and end up getting swarmed by them all at night. Music is a good tempo and not too repetitive. I'm looking forward to seeing more from this rock'en team.As updates come in I'll revise this review. June-04-2015"
,Recommended,315460,18759334,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TheCowardlyDuck,I bought this game last year and it was quite boring with terrible textures for the sprites. Until I found out that these developers are quite cool actually because they upload updates quite regularing and are making it better and better. This game can be very differcult but still awesome!
76561198153292198,Recommended,315460,17319851,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ZaeCathe,"Loads of potential here, this game is amazing and I am hooked onto it.The game is something like a combination of Starbound, Terraria, and Minecraft. Very nicely done!Early Access? More like Early Moar Potential Access!Adding more crafting items, tools, and structures would be amazing.Moar monsters pls, this game is going good!Limited maps are nice to preserve RAM, but infinite would allow me to actually find coal! (I need to craft a spaceship and I can't find any!!)10/10 Will play until they beat the game!"
76561198040118890,Recommended,315460,34358334,Posted: 19 August,all,Wandering Swordsman,"Dig or Die is a game that takes elements from Terraria, Starbound, and other such games and provides a challenging experience from start to finish.  I can remember moments of dread when ""discovering"" a new alien life form; as I had to make the decision of either-A: run from it and save myself a headache later, orB: Kill it and pray that my defenses are ready for the onslaught of it's rather cheesed off kinsmen each night.  This game is surpisingly deep, and it shows that a lot of care and attention to detail has gone into bringing us into a hostile world.Only complaints are that there is a moderate-steep learning curve (depending on your prior experience with survival, crafting, and tower defense games.)  The game does its best to give you a general-vague idea of where you need to go next, but it is very easy to get slammed by a difficulty spike, because you didn't know *Which* order of suggestions to follow from your ships A.I.Also the ""intense"" night time music is stellar!To be honest I did not realize that this was an earl access product until I went to post this review; this feels like a solid game, and I am excited for new content!Died many...many times....would die again as this game is a treasure, (if not a bit rough).  9/10"
,Recommended,315460,18596362,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Azerathi,"Alright, I absolutely recomend this game if you like Terraria.  I haven't been playing terribly long at the point I'm writing this review, just about 4 hours.  The thing is, that's 4 hours in the same day... Which is huge for me with what is currently a single player game. So far, I have but one complaint, and that is: No co-op mode.  I have no idea if they plan to add one, and it's already loads of fun, but I'd absolutly love to play this with friends and familly. As the game is still in development, that could change.That said: I like this game BETTER than Terraria, it just made more sense to me on an intuitive level. I've been learning very  quickly.You set your own difficulty at the start, but also in the game as you progress. You do get mobbed at night, but only by the creatures you've killed before, so if you aren't in a really defensible location, just don't kill anything new.  The game makes it hard to get too far too fast. This is good, as the farther you are from the start, the harder the foe.Seriously, for a game this early in dev, at the price point its at... Dig or Die is way more fun than I was expecting.  I've heard the price is going to rise with the updates, so I recomend getting it now."
76561197987594183,Recommended,315460,14911714,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Summon Sumo,"At first, I thought this game was easy as I was playing on normal mode (even though I died at night 1), but when I played on the hardest difficulty I learnt that this game was the best game ever, just took 30 minutes to pass the first night. After several retries, I simply started running and found a giant hole (while shooting the enemies) that took me 2 minutes of fall on a giant pool of water that covered the whole underground. I started shooting like a crazy and passed the whole night swimming and dodging dogs that can swim and crazy shooting bees. After the end of the night, I discovered... I couldn't leave. Best Night I've ever seen 10Terrarias/5"
,Recommended,315460,17744698,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Wince,"Nice game system, and game mechanics.Well oiled & polished since release and as update goes.(rain and water physics, building bridges and towers with force repartition within the structure, night assault, etc.)Definetely a Very distracting Concept.(now really curious to see nexts contents addition to see how it will enhance furthermore the gameplay and challenge)"
76561198047806452,Recommended,315460,24811026,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,assasin313,"Dig or Die is a survival crafting game that requires you to explore a foreign world in order to get off the dangerous planet. The general flow of the game is that if you want better items (weapons, defenses, utility), you need to explore further, which requires combatting increasingly difficult monsters. The catch is, the monsters that you kill will attack you in waves at night time.I recently beat the game on Easy difficullty (second lowest) and and had a blast. I was pleasantly surprised by each phase of exploration, and it was intuitive enough that I did not need to look anything up. Building a base actually required planning as you had to defend it every night.  Compared to other Terraria-like games, it feels fresh. I've played Terraria for 200 hours, tried Edge of Space and Starbound, yet Dig or Die really stood out to me, and it is a game I would recommend for anyone interested in the genre.Here are some things that I think it could improve on:-The games needs more variety. When upgrading items, the paths are often very linear. Kill boss X, craft item Y. I was also hoping there would be more character upgrades. There are many different enemies, but none feel all that unique.-I did not see much of an endgame.-The harder difficulties do not leave much room for a relaxed gamer. Planning and patience are important in this game. However, at harder difficulties, your health is reduced to the point where one monster can easily kill you. I have not made it far enough to see if this is somehow balanced out, but I think it is important to mention.Overall, for the price, it is a great game!"
76561198070472331,Recommended,315460,16106790,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bobby,This is Pretty Funyes i changed it but really its fun
14314696591739619,Recommended,315460,30930888,Posted: 3 April,all,HitmanXxX,Great game. awesome gameplay good graphics enemies are annoying little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but ehh. only wish it was finished though :(
,Recommended,315460,18522944,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Catfan6,"I love the 2-D concept, as well as the rich play to it. You can't help but be ammazed by the massive... Openness. It's a truly random experience where no world is the same, and the building, it's like a sand box full of options, but littered with security and infra-structural limitations. I'm not saying that some people won't like it, but it's getting to be a big game. Terraria is a good inspiration for this type of game because it's big, it drags you into the boss fights, and most of all, the variety of materials and weapons.So, overall a Good game"
76561198024344455,Recommended,315460,24511991,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Clocks,This was a fun game. DIfficult at times and with admittidly poor replay value but still very fun and for the price when i got it i would say well worth it.
76561198007285112,Recommended,315460,29912798,Posted: 13 February,all,Muppet,"Great game and in its current Single Player state far better than many ""released"" games.Played through on hard and then again on brutal."
,Recommended,315460,34244399,Posted: 14 August,all,Untrue,"Nice little game.  The odd bug - thats understandable for a early access title, but nothing game breaking. Been playing Multiplayer with a few friends. Would recommend playing if you enjoy titles like Terraria"
,Recommended,315460,23958232,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,tim740,"Really good fun game,  highly recommend"
,Recommended,315460,20650755,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,toughjuicebox,"this is one of my favourite games. its fun and easy but yet diffficult at times. the best part of this game in my oopinion is: 1. night and night music, and 2. making the most badass base to deffend yourself at night. 10?10 would buy again if i had money."
,Recommended,315460,33845664,Posted: 27 July,all,WubbaLubbaDubDub!!,This game is a beautiful work of art that deserves your attention. 10/10 would Dig AND Die again.
,Recommended,315460,25171094,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Seriously i'm fucking pissed,"after reading the mechanics of this game, (thanks to developers) i think this game is actually pretty interesting with it's tower defence mechanic. i think it's a good idea to try out this game. it looks like a terraria clone, but it's really not. the only thing i ask is a little tweek of the graphics since i find they aare kinda lacking and ugly."
,Recommended,315460,16107333,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MaximusBonus,Very short for now but still fun. I can't wait to see how far the game goes.
76561198045400626,Recommended,315460,16414402,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,brrubs17,I love this game so much! And i cant wait for more updates :)
76561198042370882,Recommended,315460,18474154,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,chuk155,Great indie title that combines a sidescrolling action fighting game with a turret defense game and an adventurous aspect all in a fully simulated water drenched world.Highly reccomend to anyone seeking something that combines a lot of things really well.
76561198108476384,Recommended,315460,16059403,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CelestialTree,"I personally loved Terraria (put 60+ hours on the game in a week) some may say this is a spin off of Terraria but i disagree, i love the concept and for 3 bucks its worth it. 8/10 once they put more work into it i think this game will be a hit like Terraia. The only improvement that i think will help right off the bat is a bit better art, im glad that they are looking into hiring someone to do that."
,Recommended,315460,16115962,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,elStrages,"Early Access Review.I really am enjoying this game and it is totally worth the £2 i paid for it. I would definitely say it is well worth the price even now in this early stage. And as such i recommend it to anyone who has similar games and to those who don't. 7/10The content already in this game is beyond acceptable for the price you pay for it. If the developer was to stop with this project tomorrow i wouldn't at all feel cheated out of my money. I have paid a lot more for a lot less.The game it self is great. Its same says a lot for the game, you do need to dig or die. The night/day cycle is very well done, making night last a lot less time than day and also make the game very challenging at night.  Took me a couple of attempts to get into the style of play but got the hang of the basics now.The game needs a tutorial of sorts to get you in the game maybe, as i feel the F1 help a little vague. The only other thing i don't like about the game is the character armour / clothing system. This and sometime the path finding on the enemies is a little less desired.Overall its a good game and a good price, i look forward to updates in the future. Definitely buy this game."
76561198090888229,Recommended,315460,24525606,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rolf Sartorious,"it's good, but it would be so much better with multiplayer."
76561198020479238,Recommended,315460,14749585,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"It's like Terraria with more guns - IGNDon't want to read all of this text? Check out the video review!Pros:_Very Terraria-esque: The addictiveness of  digging and crafting is here in full effect. Although..._It's more action-y than Terraria: There's no slow start here, everthing is faster. You get to explore and do combat almost right away. You also dig and gather stuff a lot faster too._Difficult: Surviving the first night might be way harder than you think. As enemies will relentlessly chase you down and ruin your entire life._Exciting night time: During the night, the game plays like a tower defense, where the stuff that you painstakingly build in the daytime come under attack with waves of enemies. Set up those turrets!_Nice, clean presentation: Very quiet soundtrack. Simple in terms of graphics as well. But everything is easy to see and interpret, and never gets in the way of the gameplay._It's 3 bucks: The game $3 right now. The creator mentioned that he doesn't want to sell this game at full price yet, until it's more fully featured.Cons:_Still in Early Access: It's not fully featured. No crashes or game breaking bugs here, fortunately. But the game is still in the process of getting more content as we speak._Could be too difficult at times: Or maybe I just suck. I don't really know.Overall, you would like this game if:_You like Terraria and looking for something different._You DIDN'T like Terraria and looking for something different._You like difficult games._You like Tower Defense._You like to kill wasps with laser guns. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ those guys.Is it worth the (currently) $3 price? Absolutely, it's very easy to get into this game and lose track of time. A must buy for this price point in my opinion.Shameless plugs time! Did you like my review? I do more than just that. I also have a YouTube channel where i do Let's Play as well as more reviews like these, but in video form. Come check it outhere. My channel is small right now, but I play on making it a regular thing, so hit thatsubscribebutton to see more content. Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,315460,17609614,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,notuntilfour,"This game will be great when it's more fleshed out. Unless you're one who loves seeing the game grow from when it's a tiny alpha baby to it's full release, wait a while when the game is more together."
,Recommended,315460,15121044,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,flaming910,"So my first night was easy, since i had 2 turrets and a shotgun. But on my second day i killed lots of new♥♥♥♥♥♥ so at night, within 5 seconds i was swarmed, digging away for my life, and panicing so much and i eventually died."
,Recommended,315460,17097353,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Fyodor Dostoyevsky,iz gewd
,Recommended,315460,35460435,Posted: 3 October,all,۞VapeAnd۞Shoot,"Good dev, good game, recommended"
,Recommended,315460,16866062,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,EonWolf,"This game is great. Even though its small it has a massive community who are willing to give feedback, Gaddy, the creator is really into the community and has many discussions meant for people to give feedback and tell how to balance the game and what to add into it. This game looks to be able to rivial many larger games. Dig or Die is very new to its objective and open to change, there is lots planned that will be added. Great buy especially since the creator is asking for payment based on the current game rather than what it will be."
76561197991266686,Recommended,315460,26926258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Death,"This game is so good, not even with factoring in the cheap price. Great job dev!"
76561198194475283,Recommended,315460,17261553,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Pizzadestroyer2,"DAY:-Collect Anything-Build-Fall down a hole and die-Kill a rare hostlie alien-Die by drowning-Build a base, but then a flood came inNIGHT:-Coward in the conor-Auto save right before the aliens reach you-Die 25 times-Run into the darkness and fall in a hole-Get mad-Did not notice hole, and died11/10Would do this over and over"
76561198118932462,Recommended,315460,17840407,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TheDirtyNeko,needs to be co-op so i can play with friends its good
,Recommended,315460,19133794,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,-M-Ronicx,"Would you like to loose a weekend or a week?This game is for you.Constant feeling of learning curve, yet not that complicated.Satisfaction from building, exploring and constant survival.At night, build your own defences that will keep you alive from the brothers and mothers of those creatures, you killed during the day.During the day, spend 20% of it for looking for the nessesary resourses, no need to dig for hours, and yet, you have the feeling that you are far away, and need to control your time in order to get back to safety.Get resourses not only from underground, but build architecture structures, that will fall in case you put too much weight on it, so think before, not after.Will you escape from the planet, or will you stay and build it at your pleasure?Will you be able to locate and kill all monsters in order to be able to craft prime items that will ease your survival?This Game is a must have in the library, specially when you pay that low price.I could easy give $15 for it without blinking, but got it only for $4.99, and no, I have not been hiered to write this review.Developer, my hat is off.Ronicx."
76561198123385793,Recommended,315460,24136114,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,T.w² |Cakeyeater,"I really liked the premise of the game, and the physics system is great too. Great for fans of Terraria that want a new challenge. My only criticism? no multiplayer. Great game guys!"
,Recommended,315460,25536053,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gnome,"Absolutely amazing game, fantastic dev who puts the work in and is friendly to players, and works hard to patch any bugs. Would recommend, and it's for such a cheap price :D Hyped for mulitplayer"
76561198167159598,Recommended,315460,17163129,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,meat61,fun game i can see myself lossing alot of hours through this. hoping to see co-op added in an update
,Recommended,315460,17567069,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Silver_VANGUARD,a bit of buggs but wont stop u from having fun
76561198260175215,Recommended,315460,20954750,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,point5lightspeed3,"VERY COOL.  Overall gameplay needs several key issues addressed before I can wholeheartedly reccomend it to others. First, when the description said ""open world""  I got excited thinking of a ""runescape""  type of world.  What the dev mean by open world, is  that it is underground.  Now, this might seem obvious due to the title, but I was expecting more than just a handful of surface screens. Next, FALL DAMAGE must be addressed.  Several times I died simply because I fell into a ravine.  Now this is usually great.  I become careful around cliffs.  But when I cant activate my flashlight  (or any of my ""devices"")  it simply becomes annoying.  And finally, Crafting.  It seems by the amount of drops the enemies give, there should be more options per auto craft device.  So far I have been undewhelmed.  Also there needs to be a cheap way to stabilize concrete blocks in the game.  (scaffolding KINDA works, but not to it's real life potential)  The music can become repetetive.  Although not untill hour three (for me).  THIS IS VERY MUCH A WIP.  However, this game held my attention for three hours solid.  It's fun!  just needs more work.  All things considered, I give this game an 8/10 .  Fix some issues, and it'll be perfect.  Thanks Dev!an edit.... I figured how do move the inventory items to my list of equipable items in my numbered slots.... I feel dumb now. :)"
,Recommended,315460,34459760,Posted: 24 August,all,Lyrael Rayne,"So far this looks like being at least in part what I've been looking for in a sandbox game. Finally a game where your buildings actually do something!I haven't progressed very far so not sure how much content there is, but so far it's been enjoyable but challenging. The game does a good job of telling you where resources come from so you'll always have a decent idea of where to go to get what you need, but it's up to you to decide WHAT to go for next.I'm also enjoying what the water mechanic adds to the game. Water is far more dynamic, interesting, and useful here than in other similar games."
,Recommended,315460,17864534,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ToXeye,"I reckon that a lot isn't explained at face with this game. I would enjoy it more if there was stuff like hatches for keeping the rain out. I guess this game evolves while the player is not carried with the evolution of the product (which is the case for most alpha products). Right now, the only thing I want to know is whether or not the game allows you to keep the rain out somehow, or how to build background walls (which is a necessity).I am going to be nice since it is alpha and say that I expect this game to evolve a lot more : - )"
,Recommended,315460,18652046,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TechLewis,"10/10 Game.I thought this would be another Terraria remake, but this game is so much more. For being an Early Access game this game has tons of things to do and build, and like everyone else has said the building aspect is new and creative. For under 5$ this title is a must own, and I think everone who enjoys survival, building, pixel, creative, fun, and explorative games will want this added to their steam collection. Thanks Devs for such a great game."
76561198059006051,Recommended,315460,21949648,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Alex Kusik,"This game is great. And with the title being dig or die you can figure out that it would be hard, which for me at least is a good thing."
,Recommended,315460,16583710,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Razghul...,"Awesome, Terraria / Starbound play-a-like with smaller world but physics and survival gameplay :)"
76561198007042147,Recommended,315460,19768889,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,XdemonrunnerX,"this game is built well, decent physics when it comes to building, and a simple goal. id reccomend buying this game if youve ever wanted to blow away helpless insects while ffeling good about yourself. all it needs now is multiplayer. i rate 8/8 M8, the games great."
,Recommended,315460,20494936,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ranswick,"This game is beautiful! Enjoyed exploring a huge world and dig up various materials. Really liked that it was easy to understand and control.Begin 2016 and it is stable, fun and more that you normally get! Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,315460,20504417,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Grismar,"Clearly a labor love and a success at that. A best of breed sandbox game, which has me feeling retro Rick Dangerous feelings at one time, while reminding me what was so good about the first few hours of MineCraft at others. Sure, there's some rough edges and some parts of the game feel like they could use a little finish. But I won't go into them, because I feel that's spoiling and this game is like the best sandbox exploration games: best explored with as little information as possible. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,315460,24915438,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,3RDPersonGamer,"the game is great ive had alot of fun.to be honest i didnt expect much from the game i thought it would be like terraria play like an houre and get board but no i found the game a challange, and quite ohnestly one of the best games ive played for a long time...i would like to know because there hasnt been a update since i got the game? im wondering if you are going to do weekly updates to add more items and mabe an update on th phisics on blocks like the ability to stack wood an wood alot higher"
76561198018195133,Recommended,315460,16072979,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,torrentula81,First time I played was 4 hours delaying all coffee and bathroom breaks. This is a game hard to put down.
76561198125628575,Recommended,315460,16239932,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Germans love Hitler.,It's a great game and the developer is a good guy who talk to you even if you have or not a problem
76561198180990350,Recommended,315460,16913121,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,airtroopthreeninetwo,"A nice game, but needs a ton of overhauls before it can be considered a true game. The UI is choppy and tacky, and more features would be nice.EDIT: The 0.1 beta adds almost 50% more content to the base game, and includes addons to the existing water physics system aswell as an ""energy"" system to power high tech structures... I am very excited to see further growth of this game, and at this rate, I can see the end of early access already. I would recommend you buy this game moreso now than before."
,Recommended,315460,17610402,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Morty Bot,Nice touch to the block building/digging game. Pretty decent and hours of fun. Looking forward to more content.
,Recommended,315460,16772857,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,Well the game was just awesome so far really would love to see this game go off  good mechainces really would love it to take off!!!!!
76561198018207845,Recommended,315460,19748865,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Scratch,"Took 8 hours for me to complete the ""story"" but i still have some things left to do in the game. This game is worth a buy because of it's price and content. You start of with a small little hut base with a few towers and keep upgrading and expanding and eventually you have a huge fortresswith tons of different turrets. 7/10"
,Recommended,315460,34648937,Posted: 31 August,all,MrWilliams,This game is really fun.  The enimies that attack at night can be pretty difficult especially at first.  Fun alone but much more fun with friends.  I like the different map layers as you dig down and venture into the sky.  Generating power at night is an interesting task and mastering the art of mining at night is worth it.  Recomend this game.  Hard is best mode.
76561197969948774,Recommended,315460,23303062,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,markam67,"Rarely have I bought a game that has been so fun, annoying and absorbing as this game. Dig or Die is an amazing little game that is well balanced and challenging without being too hard. It makes you want to chuck your computer out a window at times but in general the exploration, upgrading, and building really make for an great game. For the price I dont believe I have ever had a game like this. 9.8/10"
76561198003951110,Recommended,315460,25603190,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Naverin,"Very fun Indie game.  Enjoyable gameplay, near exploring. Water flooding tunnels when your down below is interesting!Game has lots of potential for future development."
,Recommended,315460,34672384,Posted: 1 September,all,FruitLoopMcGee,"great pacing. this game may LOOK like terraria and starbound, but it plays a whole lot diffrently and, dare i say, more challenging."
76561198032563878,Recommended,315460,20903100,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,rick.rosa88,"Great game. Fun exploration, base defense, and game progession. Its mostly player controlled which is nice. I like this game a lot more than Terraria. I like having a objective to work towards (get off the dang planet). I highly recommend."
76561198170048170,Recommended,315460,16250245,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Divide573,"Potential, lots and lots of potential!I love potential, its a wonderful thing, eh? This game has it too! This game has very few bugs (that I've seen) But is very dull and lifeless in underground layers,  and easy to beat. It is still a very, very in development game, so i will give it the deserved praise.9.8/10"
76561198110578935,Recommended,315460,16291532,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LushCelery!,dig or die is a very fun game for a low low price
76561198212342684,Recommended,315460,35356191,Posted: 30 September,all,dvaness322,Good use of 10$
,Recommended,315460,17483462,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TheSadNumanator,
76561198064206553,Recommended,315460,25217906,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,I like it much more than the other games of the same type. I own pretty much all of them and this may be my favorite. Recently updated graphics and some new items. Lovin it!!
,Recommended,315460,16245304,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Hubert Shitmeyer,"it was recommended to me by mack from worth a buy on youtube, and for this little money it costs, it is really fun. well. no it is no fun.shoot one of the nasty creatures that want to kill you by day.....at night ALL, and literally ALL of its family and race comes after your sorry♥♥♥♥♥it needs more work done, yes, but as i said, it aint expensive, and it IS damn worth the buy."
76561198117943932,Recommended,315460,17489785,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,weeg,"Really interesting game! It's quite hard, though, even on normal settings. I'm really anticipating a multiplayer mode, so I hope that comes soon!"
76561198065902291,Recommended,315460,17635871,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Dingus,"This game a very fun to play!  The combination of being forced to aggrivate harder enemies to progress, building your base and trying not to destroy it in the process, and exploring a fun world make this game a cut above many sandbox survival games.  I recommend that you should buy this game now before the price goes up."
76561198027657623,Recommended,315460,20617180,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,sew2004,"Short, but good. Haven't quite beat it yet, but very close. I launched my rocket towards freedom, soaring into the sky, the end only seconds away. Then slammed into the bottom of a floating island and exploded. 10/10, would die in fire again."
76561198087416241,Recommended,315460,21974236,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ATiix,Very fun game
,Recommended,315460,35359570,Posted: 30 September,all,imickey503,ive had this game for almost 2 years ive been very satisfied  it is a good time burner and very fun
76561198170054595,Recommended,315460,17634250,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Azguy25,"When i got this game i instantly went straight in and attempted to build a house, but it ended up being destroyed from not having enough support, and when i made it again, a little bee like creature destroyed it. I finnally got my house up though, it took a little while though to learn the physics of the game, but i learned it. overall it was a fun game, but i hope the developers make multiplayer for this game,it would be really fun."
76561198242612624,Recommended,315460,18635018,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,intestineboy,"Great game. I can see myself playing this all the time in the future if the devs keep up the good work. I like to build forts, like in minecraft or terraria, but when i am done not enough mobs come to breach my wimpy outer defense, so it feels like i spent so much time on nothing. This game gives a reward for that time, an awesome affective base. if i was the devs this would already be 20$ so buy while its still low! I also feel like the devs know what there doing, as there are no bugs i have found yet.ok, this game has a need for content, but other than that its totally worth it. i also want there to be minibosses that come out once or twice every night.  Other than that its dreamland!   PS this isn't like most early access games, so think a little different."
,Recommended,315460,16143759,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dodge,"Ive played a good few hours of this and theres alot to like and dislike in the game, for me i didnt like other games like this and ive gotten very bored of minecraft so bought this as i read a few reviews and it seemed different/interesting enough.Likes:+ Physics, the ways structures crumble makes sense+ Movement in the game is very smooth+ Weapons and Enemies+ GraphicsDislikes- Theres not much in the way of enemy variation they change colour (may be more that i have not found?)- It Rains far too much and makes mining way too difficult as the underground floods- Difficulty ramps up expotentionally, to the point were just leaving your house is impossible- Attacks from the lower enemies should not be able to break concrete- required enemy drops are too random, first game i had loads of blue cystals second game i struggled to get a drop.Suggestions:1. Include a slider and let us choose how much it rains2. Increase the drain speed3. limit lower level enemies so they can break dirt and wood boxes, higher level eniemes could then break concrete/dirt/wood4. increase the amount of items and materials (how about a grappling hook? or reinforced concrete? sheild generator limited to 10 seconds with once a night runtime would be cool for when your overwhelmed)Overall im giving this game a recommendation due to the price £1.99, theres alot to be tweaked and aslong as the developer continues to support ill look forward to any updates."
,Recommended,315460,34314331,Posted: 17 August,all,Flanchin,"It's similar to Terraria, but with less magic and (a lot more) aliens. Each night feels a lot like a tower defense game, and the physics are fun. There's a lot of strategy to this game, like base building, tower building, bridge building, and what to kill and what not to kill. It's really fun."
76561198414299532,Recommended,315460,35428339,Posted: 2 October,all,PhantoVirus,5 stars very addictive and worth the £7.00
,Recommended,315460,17591103,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,The Enigmatic Fiend,"This is a pretty good game, and it mixes tower defence with survival! Its a clever combonation, and VERY fun too. This game is definitly worth the money and I recomend it to everyone who likes tower defence and survival games, because this game is BOTH! And this is only in early access!"
,Recommended,315460,33084881,Posted: 1 July,all,MrThor,Good game 8/10
76561198088779448,Recommended,315460,18416498,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,xXbollerXx,"fun,lots to do,fun to build base, geting even more fun as it is updated 10/10"
76561198110850304,Recommended,315460,20051581,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Casany,"This game, even though it isnt for me, is a great game. It is very relaxing and makes for a good, chill experience(exept when night comes) i love the physics and the gameplay. the only thing i dont like about it is the INSANLY hard(atleast for me) material gathering. i can almost never get any because of how long it takes to mine/gather and because no matter what i do there is always a mob where ever i go. over all, i rate it an 8/10, would physics again"
,Recommended,315460,21843015,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mr. Doop,"This is a great game.Sure, it's not fully fledged, the physics are a bit clunky, but it is really fun to play.Pros:Fun gameplayIt's kind of a puzzle game; you have to think around problemsTurrets!You control the difficultyWater!Mining is not tediousMore water!Cons:Monsters everywhereFall damage is realisticWater!Fish are OPMore water!"
76561198140981875,Recommended,315460,16137994,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Chibi Revan,"A sophisticated 2-D game, Dig or Die impressed me from the beginning. I don't usually play survival-type games, but this one hooked me. Stellar gameplay makes up for the moderately-good graphics. The day/night system reminds me a bit of Don't Starve in a good way. Still in Early Access, so glitches, bugs, and errors can be fixed, and improvements are sure to be made. The water simulation can be annoying, but I appreciate the consideration the developers put into this game, so as to make it this sophisticated. The monsters come in droves, forcing you to actually think about your fortifications and defenses. Physics in this game are pretty decent. All in all, for the price of $3, this game was too good to pass up! 12/10EDIT: AFTER V0.2 UPDATE:Graphics are even better than before, loads of things have been improved, more sophisticated systems and building/crafting physics. The game dev continues to amaze me every update, by adding something new and amazing to the mix. Definitely worth the buy (which has increased to $8) and can't wait to continue playing more!!"
76561198059832659,Recommended,315460,22181894,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mr.Cumberlander1,"Its a great game with a huge chalenge, If you dont die on your first night your not playing it right.I have played the game for a couple of hours now and can say that I have died many many times, The best part is that dieing isnt realy disapointing, its presents a new learning opertunity to see what you did wrong and get better. 9/10"
76561198097906585,Recommended,315460,17004314,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,That One Guy,"~This is a early access review and may be edited later on depending on what is released in terms of material.~Dig or die is a cute game, Its blocky style gameplay appeals to a younger audience and is familiar to terraria but alot more forgiving in a sense. The aspects of the game are very familiar to Terraria, but are also unique in their own accord. The really cool thing that caught my attention immediately is the creation and use of turrets, Which are incidentally, key to your survival in the game. I am going to list a couple pros and cons from my inital take of the game.Pros:~Very unique gameplay style~Survival relies on more than just sitting and watching your turrets blast everything away.~Is very welcoming and has a very friendly appearance, despite its name.~Can be used as an entrance game to other more complex varieties, such as minecraft, terraria, Ect~Has extreme potential to be something amazing.Cons:-Is heavily unfinished, (not particularly fair due to it being early access)-has a learning curve that is somewhat higher than most games of its type.-Can be quite difficult if you dont know what your doing.Edited: The game gets easier after many days have passed, finding out weapon upgrades and whatnot are essential, however aquiring these items to do so are often quite a challenge. @Gaddy Games, I would suggest making the world larger and making building things a little easier. Just a suggestion of course."
76561198007098491,Recommended,315460,34690331,Posted: 2 September,all,kirovx,"Had alot of fun with this game, was worth the buy.Only real complaint i have is with the lava, i dumped an entire ocean on it and it did nothing to stop it."
,Recommended,315460,15110874,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,King Cyrus the Great,"Good game, missing some features that i would enjoy as a gamer,-make the health bar more noticable = whenever im in a heavy fight i tend to forget how much health i have!-create some form of agriculture = as in i would love to be able to farm certain things so that i dont have to walk miles upon miles just to find that thing (if its based in the future we should have this capability)-be able to create moving stuff = such as platforms, doors, trap doors, vehicles maybe, etc.-maybe be able to build a radar system-be able to build drones that follow you and protect you- maybe some character costumization-traps!-storage cells-more weapons-maybe find some survivors?yeah that last one is a little stupid but bear with me-more diverse landscapes-earthquakes!-tsunamis!-meteor shower that rains other materials that are needed for the constuction of certain things-crisis battle suit like the one from DoW1thank you (credit where its due)"
,Recommended,315460,14801115,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,doto twisher ♥,"Really fun game, never played anything like this. Very much like a 2D minecraft and it has got some cool (but annoying) monsters. Also, it is really easy to learn the mechanics!It is colorful and fun, and the nights keep you from getting bored! The only downside is the water, while it was expertly created, it tends to be plain annoying after two or three rainstorms.I rate 10/10!"
,Recommended,315460,15024268,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Sachonski,"Awesome game. Keeps the simplicity of the Tower Defense, but also adds a bit of terraria/minecraft/starbound feel to it.PROS:- Oldies graphics- Relaxing music during day, exasperating during night.- Nice variety of manual weapons- Challenge to build actual structures in a 2d game (Most of them just lets you place anything anywhere)- Very challenging once you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the mobs.- Nice GUI- The requirements to progress forces you to go all over the map,CONS:- From time to time it seems like the mob swarms are a bit overpowered.- The map is limited.- It's hard to understand how the physics of the buildings works. (You end up placing♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere and pray to god it will hold that way)- There are not enough turrets in stock.Saying all that, I must say its a super good game, due it's alpha state. What I think it should be added:- More materials, weapons and items.- More mobs- More stages or steps you have to get through to get the ♥♥♥♥ out the planet."
76561198090485422,Recommended,315460,15218196,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mikeojai,"Great game! Thanks to Gaddy Games for there hard work and to Paul Soares jr for letting me know about this gem.17 hours of pure enjoyment (first time thru on normal, going to try hard next)I love the water, building, crafting, nasty creatures and most of all Gaddy Games for this game.Thank youMichael j Russell"
76561198072988356,Recommended,315460,20597457,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Catnapper,"Like Terraria, but WAAAAAY smaller and WAAAAAY harder! You can't build just anywhere, the monsters can destroy terrain and organize against you, the ecosystem can be permanently destroyed, and the rain can flood anything you don't flood-proof. If Terraria was too easy, get this when it's done."
76561198126106060,Recommended,315460,29053597,Posted: 5 January,all,Squizle,"Over 22 hours later in the first 2 weeks says it all don't it?Dig or Die is an adictive game. From setting up and defending base to looking for stuff, alway something work on. I got this on a whim after looking at it. I can say I am very happy with the money spent. The rain / water add a really cool element the game play as well.  And for the masters of all things gaming, you got your work cut out in brutal mode or walk though it on easy if your that squishy.Dont think about it, just get it for the under value price it is."
,Recommended,315460,35342749,Posted: 30 September,all,CappleApple,"It has good gameplay and is rather difficult, however it is not worth $10. Wait till its on sale for ~5"
76561198116957906,Recommended,315460,16518292,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hulk Dog Except Gay,good game and i can only see it getting better the developer is awesome he is a really cool and chances are if you have a problem with the game and post it on the forum you will most likely hear from him your self i havent had much time to play any games lately or i would of played more but he is a cool guy and he is worth supporting very dedicated i belive you can trust him and for 3$ youre not losing anything
76561198026724426,Recommended,315460,17102979,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"This game is brilliant with the amount of tech to unlock, added with the difficulty of defence it leads to a very fun game. the only thing its missing that at least i would enjoy is local multiplayer and full controller support."
,Recommended,315460,31365994,Posted: 25 April,all,FrankieBoiledEgg,It's a really great game that is challenging even on Easy. I have yet to complete it because I end up procrastinating and making cool bases etc. But the early-mid game (from what I assume is mid game) is endlessly fun and there is so much that the game has to offer.
76561198098586165,Recommended,315460,17129347,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lord Fluffkins,Great game C:
76561197999170732,Recommended,315460,17623613,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,sniperdude63,This game is a lot of fun and very addicting.
,Recommended,315460,18407752,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lord Belcher,"This game is just a joy.  Imagine something vaguely like Terria, but with a real sense of progression, physics, and purpose.  This game just does so much right.  Everything you do feels meaningful.   I built a base and spiked it with guns.  Why?  Because I freaking needed those guns to hold back the monsters at night or else they would destroy my base and overrun me.  I set up a semi-elaborate system of water power.  Why?  I needed to set it up so that I could use a teleporter between two areas of operation.  I built a bridge and later on a couple of towers; both of which were kind of challenging because physics actually matters a little.  I built those things for a purpose; I need to span a chasm and to get to something high.  Build your tower or bridge without enough support and it WILL fall down.  If you don’t stud them with turrets, monsters will eventually rip them down.This game (at least right now while in Early Access) isn’t a hundreds of hours of sandbox time game.  You can play it like a sandbox, but you can also win.  I just beat it after roughly 40 hours, and I feel like I spent the right amount of time doing it.  I am satisfied and done.  If this game gets released with more content after early access, I’ll probably be back to do it again.  If it doesn’t, I’ll still be contended with what a got.  If it didn’t say Early Access, I would have never of guessed because it is pretty damn complete as it is.The only real possible negative I could see someone having with this game is that it is smaller in terms of scope and sprawling then Terria and other Terria-alike games.  It doesn’t have a dozens of biomes or hundreds of enemies.  It is smaller, but I actually kind of find this to be a positive because it is so much tighter than other Terria-alike games.  It is like the developer picked a proper amount that they could bit off and made it exactly that big.Overall, if you like Terria flavored games, this is easily one of the best right now.  If the developer adds more between now and release, that is all just gravy to me.  Seriously, congratulations to whoever developed this; this game is just great."
76561198059267634,Recommended,315460,20574702,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kardis,"10/10 would launch my rocket into the bottom side.... (of the skylands again (doh).Worth the 5$, probably worth more. I've wasted more money on crappier games to try out, this one is a gem. A little ridiculous at times, as I had no idea where to go to get stuff done. Hope they keep adding content..Random complaint.. SO i have  spaceship, i crash right.. i escape the planet(spoiler) in a fossil fuel rocket... to what end! drifting slowly towards home? stuck in orbit (maybe thats the next update >.>?)Worth your money! nuff said."
76561198018104278,Recommended,315460,16049703,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Resolute,"Absolutely brilliant! I applaud your terrific work, developer(s). The gameplay is slick and fun, the music is fantastic, and the graphics are nice and clean. I highly recommend playing this game."
76561197971288377,Recommended,315460,34107968,Posted: 8 August,all,Maniifold,"This is kind of like a tower defense version of Terraria.  I especially like the vertical block limit, it forces you to really think about how to build your fort if you don't want to just do an underground bunker."
,Recommended,315460,20569343,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GorillaDropkick,"So you look at this and go.. Terraria clone! I too thought that and in many ways I was right. I went into this game expecting to hate it and return my my hovel of mud in minecraft grumble grumble. Ive played this for a few hours now and I have to say im so far.. doing well and actually enjoying it!The basic mechanics are similar to Terraria ie mine, build, survive. But so much of the pointless crap that overwhelms Terraria has been left out, leaving a game that feels more like survival on a hostile planet, rather than spending hours trying to make some magic flaming rocket-sword to kill a flying demon eye I couldnt give a crap about so I can get a new top hat. whoop de doo!I also feel like I have some kind of purpose, a goal, a mission! finally! something to strive for in an open (albeit 2D) world! We want freedom but want a goal! how fickle we are!Im genuinely looking forward to seeing what the developers have in store for this game.Dig or Die I dont hate you. I eat my hat. thumbs up!"
76561197983952109,Recommended,315460,20579147,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,thebra,"Great game. Dig, shoot, gather, fortify, craft."
,Recommended,315460,20311622,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,RollsOne,"3/4 Exploration and building, not unlike similar games like Terraria or Starbound, 1/4 OH GOD WHY IS THIS HAPPENING TO ME HELP WHY ARE THEY SO MANY HOLY MOLY MACCARONI WHEN IS IT DAY AGAIN?! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAThe game feels smooth, polished, and pleasant to play. It offers an interesting difficulty curve, making you be wary of how you progress.IT HAS STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY AND WATER! LOTS AND LOTS OF TERRIFYING WATER!Also the shotgun is your first jetpack if you're into that kind of thing.Even if ""just"" a work in progress I must say:'Tis a good game, if I was told this was the final release I would most likely believe them.Buy it, play it, love it, don't marry it though!"
,Recommended,315460,24326797,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Johncana,1st night died3rd day in fell inside of a mnt when trying to shotgun jump and died8th day in died from a ton of red lighting bugs10th day died tring to build a bridgestill pretty fun game if you mang not to die
76561198025397522,Recommended,315460,31925182,Posted: 23 May,all,tsant,"I enjoyed my time working with Craft&Co very well, though the local life-forms on my maiden flight were perhaps underappreciative of the prospect of advanced technology. The built-in AI was very helpful when we made planetfall (though, perhaps could have helped me not [data redacted]), and eventually we were able to achieve ESCAPE velocity and plot a course back to more civilised systems. Thank you for the opportunity to learn and grow with your company, and this is my 2-week notice.In all seriousness, an enjoyable game that I will likely keep coming back to, and there are plenty of ways to set your own difficulty and pacing. The nighty (and other) monster raids kept me on edge and wanting more.A few concerns are that the storyline is a little short once you get the hang of the gameplay, and the map is somewhat small for the sake of multiplayer, but the future could hold alternate storylines, or possibly even different planets, so I hold out hope for the future of this wonderful gem."
,Recommended,315460,17837132,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,O_o,"why is this only $5?  great game, i'll spend more time on it than i will on some 59$ games i've bought in the past."
,Recommended,315460,17657033,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ben,"I highly recommend this game. I have had it for one day and have already played on it for five hours.This game may remind you of starbound or terraria but don't be fooled!It is very different. Night time brings hordes of monsters to attack your base, every species which you have killed in the past comes back to haunt you. Build turrets and craft weapons to survive the harsh creatures. However, you will quickly learn that your greatest enemy may not be the creatures after all...The enviroment is brutal! Rain turns into flooding in a matter of seconds and before you know it, your base on a mountain has become an elegant submarine... :) SO FUN :DFor five dollars, this game is a steal. If you want to see gameplay, check out my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQs-paI3Tpj18rgMtXvQCmw"
,Recommended,315460,24746465,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Maknu,great mix between basebuilding and exploration - and even a semi decent platform included.
76561198051592262,Recommended,315460,15602370,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ordaricc,"Simply amazing.The game may seem simple at a first look, but the mechanichs are top-notch and the survival part is also very challenging.The price is quite fair since the age of this game (v0.057 !) but the developer is working hard on implementing more and more things."
,Recommended,315460,16081512,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tom.Com123,I thought this game was fun for what you pay for even at its early access stage. I can't wait to see what this game has in store.
76561198032786215,Recommended,315460,17130293,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,DinoDome,very fun lots of creatures and bieoms and very realistik. (in the building way.)
,Recommended,315460,17487037,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dragon_Slayer,Great game.
,Recommended,315460,18476538,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,legomaster81,nice fix day to night sound track awesome game keep up the good work
,Recommended,315460,23283785,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,nyanko,"I have an irrational fear of everything, mainly including but not limited to: fireflies, hounds, bats, red fireflies, super-fast-regenerating fish, cave lizard-monsters, black hounds, black fireflies, black cave lizard-monsters, black bats, black super-fast-regenerating fish, a crab-octopus hybrid thing, sharks, exploding fireflies, ants with armour, ants with acid, a firefly queen, a cave lizard-monster king, spiders from lava, bats from lava, bugs that shoot lasers at you, bird-insects that shoot lasers at you, bird-insects that shoot lasers at you in ARMOUR, a demon and a demon's wife (yes, those are literally all the enemies and bosses in the game, as of v0.24). No, but seriously. If you like Terraria-esque games and you like a challenge, this is the game for you. It has a ton of content and, in my opinion, has smooth and polished game mechanics that'll prove to be a nuisance (in a good way) for your bases and an advantage for the monsters trying to eat you alive. Sometimes, you'll have to rush to get a new weapon before the day is over, because that's when the baddies come. Other days, you'll be mining around for minerals to create turrets, probably the only things that'll protect and fight for you. Oh, and dont forget about the save mechanic. Once you die in the game, you have to load from the most recent save; whether thats 3 seconds ago or 3 days ago, it's up to you to save the game if you want to ""save"" yourself. All in all, this is a very fun game, one that I would definitely recommend to anyone who has read this far. Be cautious about what difficulty you pick though... COUGH COUGH BRUTAL MODE COUGH"
76561198140067906,Recommended,315460,24512515,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,September_Falls,"Great game, a little hard at time but can do some creative problem solving.Water is the best thing, may think its a pain but is realy an assest.wish it was a little longer but still worth a play thought or 10"
76561198166731291,Recommended,315460,17314759,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,UsedCondom.exe,ok first of  all id play the game inter it and then just screw around at the space ship then its night im liek ohhh f777 sh77 nuuuuu why me 10/10 lol ok les get rellzzz this game is aweosme full with stuff bosses and its nothen like terraria nothen like minecraft its just awesome and dont screw around most of the tiem u will die
,Recommended,315460,16113292,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PatrickMoonDog,I played it pretty much straight through... dont judge me.  Its a nice mix of Terreria/Starbound but it seems to be more approachable.  Id like to see more crafting and locations but over all it was worth the purchase.
76561198054382705,Recommended,315460,16090158,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,dsastrigger,"After playing it for 4 hours, here are my thoughts:- there are few material combinations: some raw materials can be combined to only one or two new items;- the only challenge I had while playing was at night. Fighting against hordes of enemies isn't bad but if that is all, the game gets boring. A cave full of traps, tougher critters with new attack patterns or a new method of exploration would give some flavor to it;- there are also few enemy types; some enemies could shoot charged wall-penetrating bullets or cause status debuffs instead just having more HP / cause more damage / shoot more bullets;- it needs more weapons/ways to defend yourself; close ranged weapon, hidden abilities, trap turrets, force fields are some examples that would be very nice to add. I know you could just place a lot of turrets around you, but it does become dull.It need some improvements, but there is a lot of potential for this game."
76561198119556966,Recommended,315460,28410289,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Uffyday,"Terraria, but with more death.So much more death.And the terrrain hates you.And the night hates you.And the underground hates you.And the sky hates you.And the mountains hate you.And the water hates you.And the rain hates you.And the ravines hate you.And the dogs hate you.And the bosses REALLY hate you.I love this game."
,Recommended,315460,14744809,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Droucil,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-NAfwCZm4s&list=UU8U7EeDp3URcg2X48-UFnjw(showing first day and night)Fun to play, starting of a little slow. Having to find out what is best to craft and build. Which made me die a couple of times at the beginning. But once I got a bit more insight of the game I started to build a pretty solid defense. Going out on daylight, getting some materials and then upgrade my defenses before the next night comes. Feels like a mix of terraria with castle defenders, more focused on the combat aspect. And for the price of just 3 bucks.. with a lot to come ahead. Since they said its just 30% of the total game what is out right now, but also increasing the price based on the content at the time. So if you like a 2D combat / castle defender type of game. Its definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,315460,17360540,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,randomvalue,"I'm terrible at it, but I keep coming back..."
,Recommended,315460,17632138,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Bush,"Hi, i really love this game but when i had it it wasent getting updated and sitting there with sentrys is boring waiting for something so i sold the game. if i see it updating more frequently now, i would get it again"
76561198152689439,Recommended,315460,35053595,Posted: 18 September,all,I'm a clever jam,"Such a good game, everything about it is great and it Isn't a terraria clone"
76561197994587122,Recommended,315460,14768738,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Graej,"I was having a good amount of fun with this but then I realized the save system wasn't working right. I basically kept losing items that I had created before I saved. I tested this out a couple of times with the same results. so far its pretty fun other than this and, although I find it funny, I'm not sure I like the CONCRETE eating dogs and wasps. Overall, I'll keep an eye out for change updates and wait until they get the saves fixed.. and maybe add a sump pump. :p Interested to see where this one goes. :)"
76561198176736521,Recommended,315460,26149563,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,jkghostrider,10 out of 10 great physics love the water effect
76561198066883806,Recommended,315460,19267889,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,INSA,i like it theres not alot of bs like grinding for materiels well there is a little but it shouldent deter you from the game defenantly worht the 4.99
76561198089319395,Recommended,315460,19572074,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dillinati,I have over 100 steam games and most of them are $9.99. I got this game for $4.99 and I think I had more fun then anyother steam game. 11/10
,Recommended,315460,14766938,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Edythir,"So i have been messing around in this game for a while, i will admit that it has errors but i will not bash it since it came out yesterday and i bought this game knowing i would get a product that was unfinished. This game is playable but my main concern right now is the rain... every 2 minutes there appears to be a simulation of the Noa flood, it rains too often and too much comes of it, it fills my cave in 2 seconds.But other than that i love this idea, this is a great game and it sure as hell is worth spending your lunch money on,"
,Recommended,315460,15097319,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,navi,"Not as good as I thought it would be, but it's okay."
76561198116631661,Recommended,315460,15102558,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DarkSeaDog,"This game is fun, but its short. Some people say its a rip-off of Terraria, but how I look at it is that it  might have been inspired by Terraria, but its a different experience. For only three bucks, i reccomend trying it."
76561198059743609,Recommended,315460,14927927,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,mjvv81,"It has promise.  I especially like the building physics.  It has it's errors and bugs however I believe that if the dev's stick with it, it might becoming something decent."
76561198080327266,Recommended,315460,15109157,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Soul,"8.5/10 . Amazing game and it is only in alpha!!!This game is a very fun a clever game. A cross between a tower defence and side scrolling game. If you like either of those types of games you should try this on, with it's current price of £1.99 it is worth it. Grap this game before the price increases.Pros (What it is good about this game):-Very well desgined game (graphics)-Smooth gameplay on lots of computers-Good backstory-Intresting gameplay-Easy to understand GUI-No tedious starts (Straight in the action), unlike other sandbox games.Improvements (Things I believe would make the game better):-Multiplayer-Achievements-Trading cards would also be nice-Ability to control how far in or out you are zoomed in (More then two settings)-Map-Way to customise your characters appearance"
,Recommended,315460,14877170,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr_pigerz,Dig or die is  a very interesting game and very unique and orginal genre a survival and tower deffence i think that is so cool. So to anyone who likes survival games and likes a challenge i highly recomend this game.
,Recommended,315460,14992344,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,tdlab,"Dig or Die is a fantastic early access game where you are tasked to survive and thrive, using all sorts of nifty objects to protect you, and your base. This game, althought in early access, shows great promise from the developer, and there seems to only be more to come. It is definately worthwhile to buy now, sooner than later. The price is going to go up as the game progresses through early access."
76561198043174491,Recommended,315460,14965735,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ghosty,"Ok, this is a pretty fun game with a different a ""Home defense"" style. Over all, its pretty good. But the one thing I find SUPER annoying, is that stronger enemies can easily rip apart anything you have built. Most of the time, it is not worth making a super awesome bunker. But, that is just me complaining. It is still a fun game"
76561198023641164,Recommended,315460,14839840,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Humzing,Good Games  สุดยอดมันดีคับ แฟน terrariaaaaaaterraria+tower Defen มันๆคนไทยเล่นมารวมกลุ่ม facebook ได้นะครับ  ชื่อกลุ่ม Dig or Die (Thailand)พูดคุยแลกเปลี่ยนประสบการณ์ครับ
76561198156569900,Recommended,315460,15455688,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,RickyRiver,"Great game, I would gladly recomend this to anyone and this is in earlyer acess I hope this game gets a lot more added to it I see a lot that could come from this game :)I rate the game a 8/10"
,Recommended,315460,14770590,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JamesCryHavoc,"Just keep digging, just keep digging"
76561198085593308,Recommended,315460,14943035,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Nibbly The Nugglet,this game is awesome this game would be perfect if it wasnt for the building phisycs but none the less a great game10/12 potatoes
,Recommended,315460,15014678,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,neigy,"It's fun, well made, and it'll keep you entertained for hours. What else do you want?"
,Recommended,315460,17455248,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Stryker,Its awesome. I got hooked on it. During the day you explore but at night you get turrents around you and fight the monsters!
,Recommended,315460,14953760,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Gamer#3789,Very good game. I recommened buying
,Recommended,315460,15369560,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,A Happy Little Cloud,"Hi! I just really wanna say that I love your game! So this isn't me hating your game, just constructive critisism :)  I do have some things I do dislike about it though so I'll just say them. First Everything floods, like the puddles turn into oceans by the end of it (or so I've found). Also there isn't anything that you can use to stop water from above and also jump through. Also there are no doors :O There's also the fact that your base basically gets destroyed by mobs at night, and there is nothing you can do about it. so night three where my house used to be was litterally just a hole, I gave up on building it over and over again cause it was useless, they would just destroy it, so maybe if you could maybe toggle mobs being able to destroy blocks or something I dunno. Anyways love the game!"
76561197961631590,Recommended,315460,15536399,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JM,"Simple, fun game, a bit short, but worth it.If you want  a terraria comparaison, i would say it's kinda the same concept but a bit more simple, faster paced, and crafting depend a bit more on hunting (or wait for enemies at night :) )"
76561198184211981,Recommended,315460,16194967,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,21stChromosome,"I Really like this game, very cool and very different, BUT. Water. Ummmm, Why must it rain...OCEANS. I swear if you could look up there would be just a floating ocean in the sky. Please fix this a bit. But i reccomend everyone to Try this game out. Have fun!"
76561198005259477,Recommended,315460,16382345,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Paparkeper,Really good! I hope it becomes bigger and bigger.Just waiting to see next patch and multiplayer!
,Recommended,315460,16807698,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TOS In Class,"A fantastic game, alike terraria yet different. Hope multiplayer gets integrated soon."
,Recommended,315460,16865477,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cherry,I woulc reccomend this game!It is really fun and the physics of the building property aspects of the game made it even more interesting!I can't wait to see it evolve!And for $3.00 it is a steal!
,Recommended,315460,16982004,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,connor13245,
,Recommended,315460,17312832,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DarkObsidian,"The Game""A brilliantly simple yet awesomely addictive concept."" This is likely the best sandbox, base building, tower defence, simulation that I've ever played. On top of that Every play-through is different due to the completely procedurally generated and simulated open world. Personally, I cant get enough and have subscribed to the beta branch to help test for bugs, but also get a taste of all the new content in the works.The DeveloperGaddy Games (an experienced solo dev team) is actively working on improving the game and very involved within the steam community - eager to accept suggestions, answer questions etc. a real positive guy!Reason to BuyThis ""Beta"" is likely the most polished build still in beta I have ever seen -- and the dev is still adding features! I would say this game is *well, well worth* the current price -- although the dev should really charge $10-15 for the amount of content/entertainment already available to the public.."
76561198101133092,Recommended,315460,17979447,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Terafsa,"Hi gamers, if your bored of the easy games or non realistic then this game will put your survive skills to the test. I love the game and i hate the rain because if you dig a hole it WILL get filled with water. Apart from that it's fun and chalenging which is perfect for people who want a harder survival game. Disnova Fall :)(:"
76561198076688298,Recommended,315460,18363095,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CaptainRengav,"Fun, fluid little game that is easy to grasp right from the beginning. Great physics that provides added challenges. An intuitive interface puts everything you need right there on the screen, so you dont have to go browsing a Wiki in search of help.During the day explore, mine, harvest, hunt, craft, build and set up your defences. At night, fight off the hordes so you can live another day.Have fun, watch your back, stay alive and escape."
,Recommended,315460,18884436,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Minimax Gaming| YT,"The game is some thing like Terraria but more hardcore and fun. The only thing that the game needs is Multiplayer!!! Me personnaly, I would like multiplayer sooner than updates like lava. The only reason I got this game was to play with my friend. But for the price it comes at it is more than worth the purchas."
76561198044754941,Recommended,315460,19876882,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,faz,amazing game for its price cant wait for any more updates gonna play it again lol
76561198228235012,Recommended,315460,21918261,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Claycatchum101,PLS ADD MULTYPLAYER PLS this game is a 4 and 1 half game but add multyplayer and you got a 5 star game
76561197970722158,Recommended,315460,22071230,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Illuzioun,"Honestly, get the game. It's great. Found myself playing this game way too much. It's a lot of fun, keeps you coming back for more. it's well worth the money."
,Recommended,315460,24967894,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wagishbug,"When I purchased the game when it was almost brand new to steam, I had low expectations. And as soon as I got it I beat it in about 12-15 hours, and I was underwhelmed. I uninstalled the game and almost a year later I decided to take a look again, and I can with certainty say that the game has very notible and astouning growth. I won't describe the gameplay itself as there are many other reviews that do so. But I will say that is worth it to get the game while it is at a low cost. (currently $7.99) And the way things currently look (August 8th 2016) you should get a friend to get it too, or even buy them a copy, because mutiplayer is comeing."
,Recommended,315460,14860631,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Anarchist,"This game is a great start to something I believe will grow large and rival it's competitors easily.$2.99?.... Get it while it's cheap people!!!! Simple as that.I still have a lot of fun trying to come up with plans before the night, figuring out how I'm going to go about things.Keep in mind this game strongly enforces combat and survival, if you prefer sitting in the quiet comfort of your base in the beginning until you get the hang of it. Think again! This game will throw you in there!Though unpolished which is to be expected, this game should certainly shape up in the near future! :)"
76561198051984108,Recommended,315460,16680774,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Yato,"You start out not knowing anything, but you can be sure after the end of first night panic-fighting 30 bees and dogs without a base because the goddamn rain broke all your walls, you would know everything there needs to be known. This game shouldn't be called dig or die. Don't hurt anything or else you will die would be a better name for it.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by hedgehogs shooting green balls again."
76561198065641741,Recommended,315460,16687880,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr.Governator,After a few deaths I set some rules.1. Don't go outside after mid-day2. Put as many concrete blocks between you and them3. Turrets are a good thing4. Blow those ♥♥♥♥ers to helll
76561198053164873,Recommended,315460,16910066,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,omega0915,"Only nine hours into this game and I already love it! No two games are the same, the difficulty setting really makes itself felt at the higher end, and your biggest enemies can't even be killed (the rain and physics).  Best part is this isn't even finished and already feels like a completed game. Can't wait to see what the finished game is like!"
,Recommended,315460,17137439,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sighless,Fun Tower Defence-ish game . Not Much To Do At  The Moment Though.
,Recommended,315460,17205820,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ALvl4Ninja,"Best $3 I have ever spent in my lifeThe game is great and challenging even on easy if you get swarmed up onOnly thing is I wish is that this game offered multiplayer or something of the sortIf you get the game, good luck surviving! lol"
,Recommended,315460,18595575,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yang,It's a very nice game if you just want to pass the time and play something brainless. I enjoyed it and I think it'd be fun for those who don't want a game that's too intense.
,Recommended,315460,19195595,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Xplatnuim_WTF_XD,should have some workshop content other than that its preety good
,Recommended,315460,19407312,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ccrpalex,"Very fun and very challanging game. Easy is not that easy, my next challange is on hard. Fun game bought it for $2 or something first week it was out, fun is worth way more than that. 12 hours in and just finished the game, on easy and I want to replay with harder difficulty. Well worth its asking price."
,Recommended,315460,20863586,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Klesh,"Played this for 30 hours...Worth a LOT more than what I paid for. I love this game and got addicted way too fast.Pros:-Fun to play-Graphics and Music-Very Cheap (with early access)-More to come on game launch (still on early beta, but found NO bugs and fully playable)Cons:-hum...can't find any-you may forget that you have a real lifeGame is still on development stage and there will be more goodies like multiplayer and other cool features. So more fun ahead. Game is around 5 Euros, worth every cent!"
,Recommended,315460,21911037,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Gordan,I love this game so much its  my life Its hard core but awesome and even at only a week or two old its awesome
,Recommended,315460,22097731,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Chase,"Hello Terraria clo - oh wait.Dig or Die is a platforming side scrolling 2d survival game. Sounds alot like another game we know right? Wrong. This game may be slightly unique. VERY SLIGHTLY. It's more balanced toarwd tower defense and stability. That's about it, aside from the water physics. Otherwise it's Terraria."
76561198190155654,Recommended,315460,24117830,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TurtleSenpai420,this game is amazing for like 3 hours
76561198017474401,Recommended,315460,14952939,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Southern_Apostle,"Update - 8/22/15 - Many Thumbs Up!I'm leaving my previous review up so that people can see just how much progress the Devs have made. This game has become incredibly fun. I would highly recommend a playthrough. It'll take you a couple tries to get the hang of it, but it is well worth the time. This is definitely a game to own and stay up to date with. The Dev is constantly involved with the player community and responds kindly and with tons of info if you are stuck or upset. Give this one a try. I got fed up at the beginning of Early Access, but the updates to this game make it worth playing.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Previous Review) - Thumbs DownI'm playing on normal and can't even make it to the 3rd day. The game difficulty increases near-exponentially while your ability to upgrade is tediously slow. The acqisition of materials needed for crafting is difficult and delayed but extremely necessary to make it through even a single night.  The water is just a pain in the rear. I know it is being billed as one of the key features, but I hate it. Water accumulates even where there was no water and no way for it to get where you are. Diggin in a dry patch of dirt uphill? Lets fill it with water.  Not raining above ground? Lets make it rain underground. Can't mine through stone yet? Don't worry, the first-level enemies can blast right through it.I typically hold off on giving a review like this, but this game needs a lot of work before I would suggest buying it.Check back in a few months and see if there are any updates before buying. The developer is claiming to be done, if all goes well, by summer 2015? Hell no. This game is not even close to being done.---------------------------EDIT --------------------Close to making me change my recommendation.So I have been back to check in on the game and here is what I've found:Very big thumbs up for the Dev taking part in community reviews and being nicer than a grandmother with dementia. Seriously, the Dev actually seems to care if people enjoy the game. Its a nice change of pace for early access. Well played Dev!The ""tutorial"" given by your ship seems a bit more informative. It tells you how to get along a bit better than when I first played. If you play on easy, you can survive, but it is almost too easy. I like a challenge, but the content is still a bit lacking. I like the concept of the game and enjoyed the play through on easy.Verdict: so-so.Easy is now too easy and difficult is really bloody difficult. The plus side of this is that you can play on easy to get the hang of things and try your hand at difficulty settings afterwards. The updates of the game have definitely helped. My hope would be to see a ""DLC"" for this game to extend the game play and allow for a bit slower increase in difficulty on normal difficulty settings.Also, good luck if you get a map with sky islands that are 40+ blocks above you... That took some creativity on my part."
,Recommended,315460,16680647,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,El Boi,"Fired up the game, walked around, found a dog, killed the dog, found a bee, killed the bee...2 hours later: finally done with my base, 30 turrets, death....10/10"
,Recommended,315460,27432171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dorantor,"Great balance between ""open world vs guided path"", ""simplicity vs possible variants"", ""realistic vs interesting"" and ""hard vs &^%$#@!!!"". It's also worth to mention awesome soundtrack.Personally, I did't expect that this game will teach me to do planning :) And I haven't even noticed that, until I understood that I'm using same approaches to my RL tasks as I did in the game.This game have only one ""disatvantage"": it's addictive.Bought this game on really early stages. I hope author will be able to keep mentioned ""multidimensional"" balance. Worth buying even w/o discounts."
76561198024917816,Recommended,315460,34000490,Posted: 3 August,all,Allure,Hands down worth $10. If you're looking for something fun to play with some friends then you really can't go wrong with this game.
76561198041040173,Recommended,315460,34855509,Posted: 10 September,all,Donovan,"Played with a friend. Over a long time we built a base, killed bosses, and built a rocket. After gruesome fight, killing all the aliens in our base we think ""ahh finally we are done, after 20 hours of hard work (mostly being idiots) we can escape on the rocket"". As the rocket takes of we proudly marvel at the sight of our complete desecration of the planet, nothing acan stop us. Proceed to fly rocket into ceiling of base.10/10 would fall on the last hurdle again."
,Recommended,315460,16871369,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Narl3y,Fun game for 3$. Very simple game but hard.
,Recommended,315460,17769670,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tiillo,"I strongly recommend this game, I personally bought it on a heavy sale, but I recommend it at $5 anyways, It is basically terraria, but with a plot (In a way) and it doesnt have multiplayer. My only complaint is that If not multiplayer, you should be able to play over LAN with a friend..."
76561198136397308,Recommended,315460,18416753,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,THEGENTLEMAN,This game can be addicting sometimes so when you find out theres jetpacks you want one but it takes a long time and then you work relly hard for it and its worth it but the only thing that i don't like about the game is the texture but i already know that they are voting for the texture or something and there should be more guns but if the maker of this game doesnt want to do it thats ok i'm just sayin but other wise its a AWESOME GAME :steamhappy:
76561198174600549,Recommended,315460,18658775,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Slashplane [YT],"I love playing dig or die and I cant wait to see what more will be released, I have only one sugestion, I think a creative mode (instead of getting the auto builder mk. I, getting a creative auto builder, that can make any item, mabye haveing one for wepons, defense, etc.) I do know that even if something like this is impleented it would be a long time from now I just would love to see a creative mode (current easy world got stuck underground during the night horde showed up and died after the save)"
,Recommended,315460,20360149,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Seirxus,"Great simple game with a bit of a Terraria feel to it, shotgun jetpack and floods of water that rival the gods~ what's not to loveSimple and easy to play at first but as the mobs increase and get tougher base design is actually fairly important to help you survive end game"
76561198058348631,Recommended,315460,21608430,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,deadstranger,"Really fun game, love the water and gravity physics work. I love the how the wildlife wo rks day and night. The game makes you feel like you are stranded on a hostile planet and your only means to survive is to find materials to rebuild your ship and defend your base from the wildlife. I can see myself spending hours on end playing this game. I know that I would play it a lot more if it was multiplayer."
76561198074798267,Recommended,315460,23371668,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Aids 4 Life,Good Game very hard and worth the money I would very much recommend the game to people who like survival and adventure games :)
76561198228044600,Recommended,315460,23746918,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Trip,"Early access done right. I can't believe how much is crammed into such a small game. Everytime I reach a level where I think I am nearing the end, I find something new to do. And the fact that you can play it in short bursts when you have time between work is a definite bonus. Can't wait to see what else is coming."
,Recommended,315460,24104878,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,weaponLITE,Very fun game can get a bit repetitive though when you have to keep going to your base to defend from the mobs but apart from that this game feels very adveturous worth buying this! Also i can't wait for multiplayer to come out.
76561198082068998,Recommended,315460,24126823,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Magmoor,Honestly when I first got this game I thought I'd HATE it for the difficulty but it's one of the parts of it that made me fall in love with the game. This isn't a game I can suggest to people that play simple games but for people that love a challenge this game is PERFECT it has block physics and water physics as well as a power system to put it simply your base can collapse and/or flood and the power system (while not necessary to use) is very helpful the deeper into the game you get.
76561198056255406,Recommended,315460,16196637,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Draslay_Okazaky,Just awesome. Got lots of potential.
76561198089549968,Recommended,315460,16198157,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mega Glub,"A great game, with one of the hardest difficulties I've seen in a while. You may say that it's mostly peaceful, but while you're saying that, you should probably get prepared for the night."
76561198129604239,Recommended,315460,16380291,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Deja Vu,This game is awesome !!!!I recommend it . It is worth ever € or every currency that exists.
76561198203971477,Recommended,315460,16727098,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,kid_hardy5213,Its fun
,Recommended,315460,16802851,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Angry Bear,Tower defense w/ Terraria? and some flavor?This game is definetely worth it at this moment (v0.05); did not have so much fun in a while!
76561198144518143,Recommended,315460,16964788,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TheConeezeanEmperor,"very well made and fun, like the concept now it only needs A.I robot troops you can make in a new Auto-builder, i.e auto-builder mk 4-5, and multiplayer. 23/10 (realy needs multiplayer). It seams like a well thaught out game unlike some of the junk steam now has, and please do not change the art stile much, people will say it clones terraria, i think it does have some aspects the same but has a very different aert stile that i find very ingageing and simple, which i find is very good due to it not causeing epileptic attacks like other games and other effects like confusion. over all a good gaem, will play to the end."
,Recommended,315460,17107820,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Biddeh,"Dug a hole, died anyway.Misleading title of the year!  9/10"
76561198013777837,Recommended,315460,17164307,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The_Fallen,"It's a very pleasant little game, with a suprisingly large amount to do for being in the early state that it is. It runs very well, no problems. Playing for the time that I did, I couldn't actually find a single bug, which is doubly suprising for, again, the very early state that it is in. The only problems that I have with this game are that the water never really seems to dissipate, and just keeps building up in underground caverns. Also, the building support system can be a bit wonky at times.Other than those minor gripes, the game is just incredibly fun to play. I heartily reccomend it."
76561198015050318,Recommended,315460,17290239,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zeinath,"This game is crazy fun. Digging, gathering materials, killing stuff, trying to make a base that isn't destroyed every night... dying over and over, and getting so annoyed when I forget to hit the quick save button... You really get sucked in, and it just keeps getting better and better with every update! Wish it was multiplayer..."
76561197994647975,Recommended,315460,17311082,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,[GLUBBER] Sven!,"Excellent! It gives me the same kind of feelings than when I first played Terraria, and even if the two have similarities, this little-priced game has some surprises for you... DAMN (AWESOME) PHYSICS! :D"
76561198081271270,Recommended,315460,17371635,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[NCE] space101,IT IS SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO COOL!!! PLAY IT GET IT RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,315460,22575564,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,slowbrosteen,"I enjoy this game much more than Terraria, which I love.The battle system is efficient, building is straight-forward, and the game opens itself up to you in easy-to-learn, bite-sized segments. Your progression is based on your thirst for exploration. The way this game has you build bases is intuitive and very open-ended.The story present in the game is fun and doesn't take itself too seriously, but still manages to deliver. Music is enjoyable, but some enemy sound effects do get tiring. The days sometimes feel very short, but I felt that it (fairly) added to the challenge. Replayability is high, and also works nicely to support multiple playthroughs at once.This game is worth the price tag, exceeding it by far. If you like Terraria, Minecraft, and the like, you will find that Dig or Die is a great game in the exploration/survival genre."
76561198261599326,Recommended,315460,24092600,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Descendence,one of the best games I have played
76561198123455005,Recommended,315460,24965536,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Reiderabbot,I absolutely love this game!
,Recommended,315460,24980603,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,WarMage,"Among better games I played. Single man made a better game than Activision + EA together in their lifetime. And it costs only 8€! VERY well balanced, SO MUCH phyisics, and challenging even on Normal.I wish there was a controller support so I could play this Terraria style on Big Screen, but game is still Early Acces, there is plenty of time."
,Recommended,315460,34365178,Posted: 19 August,all,SoUlJa6,Really enjoyed this game. It is very similar in a lot of ways to starbound or terraria but very different with a nice difficulty curve. Very much worth the purchase if you like games like terraria with a mix of Tower Defense. (Brutal mode felt worth the effort)
76561198035190751,Recommended,315460,16268819,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,I Suck,This is a fun game for those of you who like games where you have to build and survive.
76561198108507473,Recommended,315460,16384187,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,^CTD^ Chixxy,"This is a super fun sandbox game, maybe one of the best I've come accross on steam. Although there is only so much to do in the game it is still a fun little time waster. I cannot recomend this game enough to any one who has £2 to spare. Not a bad little addition to my ever growing steam list.8/10 A nice little game!"
,Recommended,315460,16924414,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Oversum,"Day 1-collect stuff-confused on how to play so i walk around-big wasp shooting freakin lazers-went underground-made underground base-underground base flooded-made new underground base-night time came-heard a ball sack ton of wasp blowing up ground then barking-had no light so couldnt see(used a laser shot every now and then for light)-shot once to see a horrible sight, a ton of dogs and wasp then i died100000000/10    Honestly i will keep playing a crap load very fun would get butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561197962250516,Recommended,315460,16966765,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,AtheronGamer,Very fun!
76561197974112108,Recommended,315460,17191212,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SpidyM,"Early days, but so far a decent wee game.... plenty to do, craft, and lots of exploration. starts off fairly hard ...trying to get yourself crafting and being blasted by wasps with blasters.... but keeps you coming back for more... updates coming in fairly regularly and game costs less than a pint! cant go wrong really."
76561198070072261,Recommended,315460,17286098,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DR4K0N145,"The game is something different, even if it seems like a mix of several others. Don't let the look of it fool you, it is definitely worth a try. The only thing missing that would take this game over the top is Co-Op Integration."
,Recommended,315460,18670647,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DOOBSTER,This is a really awesome game! I didn't expect it to be that good ( Trailers sometimes are misleading) but it turns out I was WRONG! This should be worth WAY more!
,Recommended,315460,19272168,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jesus,"This game has a bright future ahead, if developer adds multiplayer as well as bosses."
76561198016823617,Recommended,315460,21542991,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ilfar.drachadi,"For the price, I'd say give it a go.I love the number of different ways you can find to drown in this game!  It's great to see a game where something as simple as rainfall can cause such huge problems.  Happily spent a couple of hours on peaceful just playing round with the water.Which leads me to my OHGOD moment...  There's a big dude down there somewhere whom, when you approach, apparently throws the peaceful setting out the window.  And the autosave just before you meet him (an awesome idea, I can see that being a lifesaver!) seems to have saved AFTER everything I'd been walking past suddenly decided I WAS tasty after all.  I'll never see my dam again, nor break the seal to drain my giant artificial lake into the giant natural lake.Beyond that, the progression is neat, and having to bridge the chasm to get to the next 'tech level' was nice...  the second time...  the first time involved questionable 'knowledge' of architecture and a quick lesson in gravitational forces; somewhat similar to learning why you don't stand ON the branch you're sawing off a tree...  :P  I didn't get too far into my non-peaceful try, something to do with enemies who will tunnel to you if you block them off.  A base with no foundations quickly becomes no base.  :3"
,Recommended,315460,21655091,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Donald J. Trump,"Love the game, absolutely awesome. But when the story ends, the game ends. And I know that you are supposed to get off the planet, but if possible, could you guys add something so you can keep building in the world, and add more power type things, weapons, turrets, etc. Anyways, great game. Thank you devs"
76561198148168016,Recommended,315460,22465802,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ForrestSOS,is a Good game <3
76561198003145535,Recommended,315460,23680415,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MaxWar,"If you like challenge into your games then this might be a title for you.  If you like tower defense, strategy and exploration. This game might be for you.I had a good feeling about this game and bought it full price. I was not let down. Very fun and seriously addictive.At under 10$ at full price this game is a steal.The most important strategical aspect is probably how you build your base. The waves of enemies can get very nasty so you want your base to be a gigantic trap to grind them up. At the same time you want it to be functional and navigable.The base building is a fun tower defense game into itself.The exploration part is also very fun. It is both challenging and rewarding to figure out how to reach new places without you stuff crashing down or you dying.Beside your towers you can fight the enemies yourself with a variety of weapons. Combat is pretty simple ( shoot at enemies ) But controls are good and gameplay is satysfying. You have full 360 mouse aim. You can use recoil to your advantage which is a very nice touch to this game. There are also craftable potions to heal you or buff you up and aid you in combat. Quick hotkey reflexes can save your butt.Graphics are nice but nothing exceptional. The sprites and many of the graphical elements have a simple vectorial look and into themseve are kind of bland.  However beautiful backgrounds and good lighting effects come to the rescue and manage to give this game a polish and feel that makes you forgive and forget the bland sprites.Music is good too. I like game music a lot and a game with good music will always get extra points for me.I wish there was more tracks though, and possibly different tracks for different areas. As it is now you have a combat music playlist and a Normal play list. Music will shuffle randomly from either playlist. Combat music only switch for significant battles, it will not switch for every random enemy. There are quite a good variety of tracks but since you are likely to play this for hours and hours in the end it repeats a bit.Finally, possibly one of the nicest and most unique thing in this game is fluid mechanic. You are on a planet where it rains a lot and stuff gets flooded. Water moves down slopes and through the soil. By digging tunnel and placing blocs you can control where it goes.  Water can be your enemy as it will slow you down, make places unreachable, drown you or flood your base and make a mess if you are not careful. It can also be your friend, you can make traps to drown your enemies and build hydroelectric power plants and stuff like that.In conclusion, think this game is totally worth it but it might not be for everyone. It requires some patience and dedication. A game can be very long and in the end it might end up in complete failure.  If you are the kind of gamer who gets motivated by starting over in an attempt to do better than the last time, this game will scratch that itch.  If you get discouraged easily by difficulty and do not like to start over from scratch when the game kicks your♥♥♥♥♥ maybe it is not for you. Dont play this game expecting to win it. Just try to get as far as you can and you will enjoy yourself."
76561198125587722,Recommended,315460,23981375,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,meme lord,this game is great  and multiplayer would be much much better
76561198044465141,Recommended,315460,24948741,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Horrock,"This is a great game.  I have played through the game twice now, and it is great everytime.  It is a must buy."
,Recommended,315460,26722315,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jesu,Very good looking (low-res) sci-fi survival with exceptionally good playability. Simple and deep at the same time.
,Recommended,315460,17184262,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,VolpeVolpe,Best Game EVER but Multiplayer Pls.
,Recommended,315460,17254429,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Joey Fuck-King Wheeler,"A fun, simple, and excruciatingly difficult game, that tasks you with building a base (sounds easy, but physics based building will have you pulling your hair out in frustration.), and surviving for as long as you can, while constantly upgrading your base, wepons, and supplies. It has a very unique enemy system also, the more animals you kill of the same species, then more of them will come to attack you at night, like a revenge system."
,Recommended,315460,17285589,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Thinzy[:3],"This game is amazing! I completely recommend you to buy this game now since it is cheap!Awesome features:Water physics!Awesome weapons!A new way to tower defence! (Dat english tho)Enemies actually try to get to you, using any way possible so stratergise your base!Cool swimming physics!2D Side scrollingA better way to mine! (A bit like edge of space)"
76561198002053619,Recommended,315460,17456171,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Klavs,"This one has really good game mechanics.Think SciFi Terraria with phisics for material resistance like in 7 days (But applied only to Your buildings above ground - sorry no cavein's here). You can use water physics to generate power for advanced machinery or to rise water to reach inaccessible places.Combat is more focused on base building and planning Your defences against attacks during the night.The difficulty of the game changes as You progress from Your starting point: As You kill a new, more powerfull type of creature they will also start attacking You during the night. And to reach some places You need to learn how to build a tower or bidge that does not fall to pieces under its own weight. No ""sand elevators"" or ""hanging platform bridges"", and this is why I love this game.Don't be afraid of (low) price. The developers have been genious in delivering a really fun product that delivers much more than You could expect."
,Recommended,315460,17479522,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ducks,"Great game, even for early access. There is only one thing it needs: a soundtrack edition. I would LOVE to listen to the soundtrack for hours on end. So, developer, RELEASE THE AMAZEBALLS SOUNDTRACK!!!!!"
76561198031308297,Recommended,315460,19451760,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,museau2000,"Really always enjoy those indie games.  It’s so great to see that the developers put all those efforts to build a game for gamers, done by gamers.  I had my eyes on this game for a while, and I am more than happy of my purchase.  Seeing a game evolving and having developers that are listening and interacting directly with the community.  The game is fun and nice to play, the music is great and the graphs are perfect for a good immersion.  Oh! And the water mechanic is sooo well done.  You can have a pop-corn at the movie theatre that will make you happy for 20 min or for the same price a game that will continue to impress you for hours/days/years.  This is simply priceless."
,Recommended,315460,20437765,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"Highly recommended.  Don't let the cute aestethic fool you, this is a challenging game.  What makes it different:  Water mechanics/physics - They are still balancing this, but I'm enjoying the additional challenge it poses.  Building physics, tension and sheer force.  Plan your buildings, bridges and towers to get places otherwise you'll be sorry when they collapse.  And at night it's defense, as any mob you attack during the day will attack at night.  Build a base and lots of turrets and hunker down.The alpha branch is also available to play if you prefer bugs, but I have yet to run into any in the beta branch or alpha branch."
76561198073058960,Recommended,315460,25238970,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Justus,"11/10 Be careful or you'll get hooked like I did. The game is amazing, water physics are awesome. Just a flat out awesome game. It's well worth the money."
76561198018213441,Recommended,315460,26762124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr.Rabbitgunner,its a never ending fun game :D
,Recommended,315460,16162906,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,gr8gonzo,"(Written about version 0.06, build 5 after finishing it)When is the last time that you paid $3 bucks and got about 20 hours of entertainment for it?This is an absolute STEAL. If you even REMOTELY like Minecraft or turret defense games, you should love this game. I could barely stop playing it. Honestly, I had more fun with this than Minecraft. There was an eventual goal/end to this game, and I really enjoyed building out my bases, trying out the various gadgets, weapons, and turrets.Everything just works really well together in this game - the mechanics, the monsters, the sound and music, the graphics, movement, etc. It's just a good game.Granted, it's an early access game, so the content is a little more limited than I'd expect in the final version (the world is still pretty big), and there are a few glitches (mostly in the player's favor), but it's easily worth $10 for the amount of fun I got out of it. I took my time to explore and build things and try them out, so it took me about 20 hours from start to finish on the easy mode."
,Recommended,315460,16752172,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Golden Spider,"For a work in progress this sees very promising, but there is still so much to do, for a game that promises to have physics for building is has so explanation how it works, so this leads to a very confusing time trying to build a base. secondly though i have not yet amassed the materials to build the second class fabricator there is no atrificial source of light for you to make so trying to make an underground base with a defensible entrance is also near impossible. it is clear that there is a lot to do, but the game even at this super early stage there is a lot of promise and I cant wait to see how this game devlops, even if I may not play it for a while because of the aforementioned issues."
76561198057018403,Recommended,315460,16773262,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,h e l l o ?,"I am already 90 minutes into the game, and I must say- it's already one of my favorites.  The game is very easy to get a handle on, yet it is very difficult.  You'll find your first night way harder than you thought it was going to be (if you kill something on your first day) with bees trying to gun you down and dogs rushing and destroying your base.  The difficulty makes the game more fun however and allows focus on uprgrading your base and tools.  This is NOT a Minecraft clone (thank god) and is one of a kind.  It focuses rather on an objective and defense, rather than worrying about hunger and how stylish your home is.  You wont be crafting pioneer tools such as pickaxes, axes, swords, etc., but rather laser guns, a tool that extracts resources by rays, and other unique, futuristic items.  I am really excited to see where this game goes and what type of stuff they will add in that will keep the survival-defensive like feel while keeping things fresh and new.  I hope they will add multiplayer sometime soon!"
76561198193950425,Recommended,315460,16952280,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,just here,i love the game  havent found any games bugs except white stuff goig on the sides of the creen and if you build a small tower near the (SPORLIER ALERT) floating islands and wait for rainfor a while you can just swim to to the ilandsI LOVE THIS GAME :D
76561198038518429,Recommended,315460,17512932,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SnowDragon,"First I was really questioning if this game was fun at all. The only reason why I bought it was because I had an extra 5 dollars after a game purchase. Well lets just say this is one of the funnest games I have palyed in a long time.This is a 2d style game that surprised me how fun it was.At first its confusing to play. For example, enemies digging strait to you at night from the surface. I abandoned my surface base to make a deep underground one and well... no they were coming from the caverns. Eventually I made a near surface base and found a way to prevent this from happening. I wont spoil it, find out how to yourself.Water is a force your going to have to deal with. Occasionally when building down you need run off areas (Massive hole near by) Or spare water tanks incase the area gets flooded. Dirt also holds water, and if enough is removed you can quickly find an area flooded. Rain also seeps through dirt, flooding anything down below, however this is easily blocked.I'm awaiting for more updates, I beleive this game is going to be a blast full release. Also I dont see multiplayer options at the moment, so its sp only."
76561198197927550,Recommended,315460,18341655,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Troop_,very good 10/10
76561198170500682,Recommended,315460,18759370,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jezu,"Addictive, immersive and surprisingly deep. Worth more than the few bucks it costs."
76561198067437877,Recommended,315460,18797503,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,GhettoTrout,"At a $5 price point you really cant go wrong, I finished the game in just over 10 hours.That being said, the game is lacking in story and depth, and feels very linear for a sandbox game. This isnt Terraria and doesnt have 10,000 items/equipables to craft, the crafting is very limited, and all items are unlockable in a very linear fashion. There are few enemies, most of which are clones of earlier variations. and are not very interesting to fight. The building physics seem pretty wonky and don't work exactly how you'd expect (then again I am a carpenter by trade so i am biased XD)As a side note the wiki is a mess and found myself stumped a few times on how to progress.In its current form for the price I'll give it a 7/10 and would recommend if you want to kill a few hours."
76561198079953212,Recommended,315460,24442403,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,aaronsage1112,OMFG this game is so good this comes from a person who has played more the 150 hours of terraria and others like it one thing which they should add is a multiplayer part with steam intergration like terraria did then i would be playin all the time!
76561197973347520,Recommended,315460,16141620,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,yammee666,"Hi, This a great start to a game similar to terraria and starbound, but to me at this stage its got more appeal,more appeal, because it has turrrets. When you make a base you need to consider designing your structure carefully, do it wrong and it will collapse. You also need to make sure you are not flooded out when the rains comes, because they will come and with a vengance.The price is rather attractive too at £1.99 its a steal. Looks like the dev is hiring for better graphics etc.Give it a go, you won,t be sorry."
,Recommended,315460,16300042,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,erickpasta,A crafting game that has an actual point. It's about damn time.
,Recommended,315460,17850917,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,kremdelin,a fun game :)
76561198074680806,Recommended,315460,18594368,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Polygon251,SUCH A GOOD GAME.It's still early access but already very polished and very fun.  Played nearly 15 hours of it in the last three days because I was sick at home and couldn't do anything else.  But I COULD have been playing other games!
76561198019198267,Recommended,315460,18681844,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,LawzoL,"This is pleasent.Although still can't find enough Gas Rock.Edit: FOUND THE GAS ROCK thanks to Pyropenguin :-DFor the price, you really can't go wrong! Think of a 2D side scrolling version of tower defence but with a lot more involvement and thought process. Much more to do than the likes of similar games out there and for the price....well in my opiniion it's far too cheap on a bang for buck basis. A lotta bang for a tiny amount of buck.Great fun!"
,Recommended,315460,18721953,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Im_awesome04,Very good game but would be even better if they could add multiplayer.
,Recommended,315460,19967669,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Duke Ducko,"This game was fun for the first 4 hours, then it got really boring. Like to progress it's just this. Go to some place, that takes 10 minutes, farm an enemy for 20 minutes, get back, that takes 30 minutes. A whole hour to get one third of a rocket. On my first 3 hours of playing I said: ""When I first found this game on my queue I thought, ""Oh, it's just another copy of Terraria."" I was bored then I decided to look at the reveiws of people like me who have played this game. They all said it was 11/10 or great. They also all recomended the game. So I decided to give it a go. So I played this game and it was awesome! I played it for 2 hours straight in my first 2 hours of owning it. I say thank you to all the people who helped me see this game is a hidden gem. Seph, Peccatus, zoomcreeper, Santa Claus, and Ian383. Thank you."" Now I just don like it. I still recommend it, but still it gets boring."
76561198215523528,Recommended,315460,21844964,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,puddetat,make the graphics because now the bats are giving my nightmares
,Recommended,315460,21933029,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hello,Fell down huge ditch when walking leftLanded in waterMining tool is level oneCould not break blocks to get back up huge ditch10/10 would fall down ditches again
76561198097821605,Recommended,315460,22003196,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vahtos,This is what games like Terraria and Minecraft should be like.10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,315460,16148011,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dahha,good bit of fun ! has a fair way to go and a lot of potential.  but even now i've enjoyed spending a couple afternoons on it. certainly worth the price =)
,Recommended,315460,16291708,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"Neat game, gets progressively harder as you progress.Has a good structural integrity system, and water system, makes digging and building more challenging, takes a bit to get used to.The game seems very grindy but its a fun base defence game.for the price tag this is a great buy.only thing its sorely lacking in is multiplayer."
76561198161843483,Recommended,315460,16352052,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gamerdude374,I'd reccomend this because it is very hard and if you do something wrong you may have to start all over again
,Recommended,315460,16375707,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bicou,Early access but very responsive dev! Content is added at a great pace and the game is already playable and fun to experiment with. I recommend!
,Recommended,315460,16785746,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TrawpDawp,"This game is very cool and intricute, I always have fun playing it. I would love to see a 4 player Co-op feature in the future. Its impossible to get tired of this game, I urge you to get it if you like fun (Who doesnt?). Overall this game gets a 10/10 from me."
76561197981885805,Recommended,315460,16829028,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Pintzise,Real nice game! Hope more content will come soon!
,Recommended,315460,17151268,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Randy Farmskins.com,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!! beat it in 4 hours, but more updates will maek this game awesome, the game isalready complete... this will be one of my games that have 100+ hours"
,Recommended,315460,17406039,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"Simple fun game with a sort of turret defense. Needs more content and the water can make it hard to dig as it can easily flood your tunnels and such. Overall a good, cheap game."
,Recommended,315460,17473185,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,OrgasmicTeasp00n,"First off i want to say thisPLEASE DON'T JUDGE THIS GAME BY HOW IT LOOKS!This game i truely an gem in the midst of alot of terraria/minecraft clones. DoD introduce some game mechanics that you can't find i that many games.Just try to imagine this:You're standing quietly in your newly build base trying to craft some potions, but then suddenly you are ambushed by ""spiky turtles"" and vicious dogs and shooting mosquitoes (size of a big bird) because they dug through you base! and suddenly the base is flooded because you forgot to dig a way for the water to drain. That is basically what will happen in this game.But do bear in mind that this game is in alpha, so don't expect some massive game that you will spend 500+ hours on. although it is a game you can play again and again.All in all i would give this game as it is now 7/10, however if i were to rate the potential of this i would say 9/10!"
,Recommended,315460,17823469,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"For what it is I gave a thumb up. It looks good, works well and should suit the niche' player who likes this sort of game.For the rest of us; I'm not a big fan. I find it too repeditive and single minded. Not a bad thing - more of personal taste.Inspired by the likes of Minecraft and Starbound; the game has its crafting elements, mining and base building. Game can really push you to do things quickly and those who want some hardcore crafting\survival action should look into it.I see good things for the title if they keep building on it. For now, i'll stick to other crafting games.Note: The rain effects in this game are awesome. :)"
,Recommended,315460,19403623,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,WrathfulAardvark,"This game has great potential. It combines the sandbox aspect of games like Terraria with tower-defense gameplay that is fast and difficult. I got it for $3 when it was fairly new, and updates have been coming out regularly, adding tons of new content. Would you recommend you buy this game now during early access before it goes up to full price, it's definitely worth it.8/10"
,Recommended,315460,20461581,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hat On a Fox,"I can definitely say that Dig or Die is easily worth $5 in its current state. I'm not entirely sure what additional development is supposed to be added to this game but ""as is"" the game is worth the cost by a long shot.If you've played Terreria or Starbound then you'll feel right at home playing this game. The major difference at this point between Dig or Die and those games is both difficulty and depth. Dig or Die is far less deep and much less difficult at all stages of the game. While I've yet to beat Dig or Die I've played 7 hours and nearly completed what I percieve to be the end of the game. I'd venture to say I'd need 3-4 more hours to complete it at most.I've played more than 50 hrs in Terreria and Starbound each and I've not come close to completing those games.Dig or Die stands on its own in my mind. Beyond look and feel Dig or Die is a different game than Terreria or Starbound.Dig or Die doesn't require the same level of non-stop grinding that the other two games do. The learning curve is significantly lower and the strategy required to succeed only needs average execution for survival/progression.Pros:-Only $5-More of a Causal Play (easy to pick up)-Low Learning Curve-Relatively short Start to End-No excessive grinding-Graphics 8/10 (for this genre)-Mechanics are smooth-Fun 8/10Cons:-A bit too shallow (I realize its early release)-Can feel a bit repetitive between tiers-Game allows player to get too OP by mid-late game-Very little consequence for dyingAll in all I'd say spend the $5, playthrough in about 10-20 hours (depends on skill), and then see what new things the developer adds."
,Recommended,315460,16356229,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,tanman,it is amazing i think when you build the rocket you hop to other planets upgrading it
,Recommended,315460,16737654,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Elliotcop,"PLEASE NOTE: The game is in early alpha so anything i say about the game (negative and positive) is for the game in its current state, My opinion in the future is definetly going to change after some time, and the way this game is going, its going to be a VERY, VERY good opinion.====================================================================================I like the idea, but i dont think its that original, (Build a base and survive the night!) Which doesnt make it bad! its just not that 'new'.INTRO=====Dig or Die is a 2D Sandbox, action, adventure, strategy game. (thats a mouthful)Your ship has crashed on an alien planet, You must use the supplies on the ship to gather recources and build a base, Then continue to build better weaponry and tools to survive the onslaught of aliens that come at night.Explore caves and floating islands and find new aliens that are stronger and faster and will probably own you when you fist see them.Will you be able to survive and leave the planet?your only option is to Dig or Die.GAMEPLAY/PROBLEMS================The gameplay is very fun and is worth the money. Building a badass base and big guns to kill aliens with? AWSOME(the following paragraph is just suggestions, im not hating on the game :D)I dont have that much time in the game but i already know what you do in the game.get the tier 1 crafting thing-->upgrade your weapons, structures and tools--> get tier 2 crafting thing--> upgrade your weapons structures and tools--> get tier 3 crafting thing and so on.I feel this needs to be improved on quickly to stop it being repetitive and boring. Maybe only have one crafting thing and hide the higher tier recipies untill you find a blueprint for the item (maybe have chests or something that holds items that will help you like blueprints, its just a suggestion) or until you get some of the materials for it.COMBAT======The combat is very fast paced and intense which i like a lot, but i feel that there needs to be a way to instantly switch to your weapon, i lost a lot of health when trying to scroll to my weapon when i was building.BUILDING/PHYSICS=============The building is simple and easy to understand. Which is good, it doesnt need to be complicated.The physics and the flooding was a great thing to add in, it adds a much needed challenge to the game and overall makes it even more fun to play.Again with the tier system in the game right now (T1 crafting--> T2 crafting...) i find myself not really building my base out of the building blocks that the crafting things allows us to make (wood --> stone ---> ect) because i know that i will just destroy it all to replace it with the better, higher tier blocks. (READ MY GAMEPLAY PARAGRAPH FOR MY SUGGESTION ON HOW TO FIX THIS)BUGS====I have seen Hardly Any bugs which is rare for an Early alpha game, he only thing that ive seen (i dont know if its a bug or not) is that you can shoot through one-block thick walls. which makes it easy to survive the night.OVERALL=======The game is very fun but very repetitve, I think it is worth the money and you will get a lot of gameplay from it.I think this game is a time burner, you got some spare hours and dont know what to do? just play this! time seems to go by quick when trying to kill hordes of aliens and building huge towers and underground bases.Dont forget, this game is in early alpha, There will be bugs, there will be things you dont like, but when they release the full game, ITS GONNA BE AWSOME!!!! MULTIPLAYER, BOSSES, MORE PLACES TO EXPLORE AND MORE WEAPONS AND TURRETS AND OMMGGGGGGGGGGGG....plus if you buy the game in early alpha your getting it cheaper than the full game when its released(it will be $12 on release..Ooooh i got it cheaper....will you?)Overall 6/10 (untill the next major update :D)MESSAGE TO THE DEVS:=================If you read this please reply, and tell me what you think about my suggestions, i plan to follow this game till there are no more updates. THANKS"
,Recommended,315460,17091795,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,PaininzA55,"Great game, perfect amount of challenge. The ending scene was a little underwhelming. Great game otherwis."
76561198023644141,Recommended,315460,17385041,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,WB,Great game. Best gathering game I ever played. Buy it before it increase in price.
,Recommended,315460,17399424,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DjE,This game is amazing. I thought at first it would be a knock-off of Terraria but it turns out is an original survival type game in which you need to build up defences in order to keep enemies out. I am totally hooked onto this game and it's only v0.1! 9/10
,Recommended,315460,17791926,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Melty,Awesome game!!! The first impression that the game is left to me was real physics. I see lots of potential in this game. I believe that  further updates will be awesome!Its worth of its price!!!
,Recommended,315460,19831880,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JoshK,I love this game! The physics are amazing - much better than any other sandbox-platformer that exists. There are two things that i'd love to be added though - Steam Workshop Support (mods and map downloads) & multiplayer (local or online)!
76561198138148345,Recommended,315460,19986122,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Koyfefo,"This is one of those games you want to play over and over again. Great game design developers!I tottally want to wright one of those long reviems but nobody ends up reading them so I will make this short:This game is an amazing game especially for a ""Early Access Game"". Although it looks simmilar to terraria this game requires more and is bound to be a better game then terraria once it is out of ""Early Access"". Things I want them to add are multiplayer,customizing characters option,classes like melee.Pros-Infinate inventory slots (no chests),get to choose difficulty lvl,Auto save.Cons-none for me yet.Tips for starters: when I started the game I could not figure stuff out, so I started over on a peaceful character and I figured out more. I recommend this game to everyone. IT IS AMAZING!"
,Recommended,315460,24088830,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jinzo,"Dig or Die... Oh boy.On the outside, given a casual glance, it just looks like yet another TerrariaCraft, which is understandable, as the core gameplay does revolve around blocks and monsters. That's pretty much where he similarities end, though.While in most other sandbox games the enemy is likely some kind of monster, or group of bandits, or other people, the enemy in DoD is a little bit different. While there are scary monsters that would love nothing more than to turn you into a fine paste, they are easily taken care of by using armor, a gun, and a turret or ten. No, the real enemy of the game is physics. You need to be sure that you build your base with a strong foundation to keep it from crumbling, and you want it strong, but not too heavy, or it could collapse. some players in the early game may seek refuge in a hovel dug out of the side of a hill, where they will notice that by building on the back wall. By building on the back wall, you don't have to worry about your base crumbling due to its own weight. What you DO have to worry about (and this is amplified quite a bit if you decide to use hydroelectric generators) is having your base flood. Because the game actually has a real system of water physics, it can easily flow into any airpockets you try to make. This makes using actual doors instead of just an opening in the wall really important. Because of the incredible water physics, you need to be very cautious when it comes to blocking tunnels, especially if you have an underground base.At times, this almost seems like a puzzle game, with the goal being trying to figure out how to build a stable structure that gets the job done.I doubt I need to tell you that I really like this game, and I'm not even much of a builder. The game is 100% worth every last penny."
,Recommended,315460,25307984,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ayscen,"Good game with unqie stuff but it needs way more stuff, there's no character customization, armor, classes, different types of weapons, it should've been realsed when you were finished, I picture this game to be good in the future but right now it's so plain there's not much todo"
76561198201846542,Recommended,315460,16761345,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jakeadams10393,"This game is highly addictive and a must buy. though it is simple and easy to play the different levels of difficulty dramatically change the way you respond, forcing you to change the way which build your defences and explore the map. this game has great potential and i can't wait for an update and a chance to use the various other items that the developer has been showing us.great feel to the game overall with fun environmental challenges and obstacles.keep it up guys :D"
,Recommended,315460,16948457,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sirtowsalot,"3 $ For a great load of fun.The upgrading system is fun and easy to use, the menu is simple and easy to navigate, and its just a fun game to play.Its Worth Buying.10/10"
76561198191285057,Recommended,315460,34041657,Posted: 5 August,all,G3tTr!gg3rd,"Bugs that should be fixed- My screen randomly began to show only 1 color, and every second it changed to another color.- When I try and join someone's server and if I get kicked by the host while customizing my character, it gets glitched on the main menu and i have to close out of the game.Oh well what can I say, I still like the game, it reminds me of Terraria."
76561197961434613,Recommended,315460,17213982,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Schtroumpf Zinzin,Great game!
76561198119751867,Recommended,315460,17226693,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Killershrinpy:o,Buy or Die
,Recommended,315460,17314872,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,PaN!C,"Very good game . Not quite like the other (Terraria and co) . More physics, more water, more tower defense, more not-like-the-other-and-its-refreshing ... For dat price you can't be wrong !Keep on the good work dev !Coin coin"
,Recommended,315460,17400904,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Braneman,"You remember that boring part of minecraft/terraria where you start out with practically nothing and have to spend a good ten minutes to half an hour to get to something interesting?Yeah this game doesn't have any of that, you start out and the game throws you a crafting table some starter materials and a gun and tells you ""be ready to fight off enemies at night."" It also has sort of a rogue-lite permadeath thing but since the game gets going so quickly I don't think I can fault it for that.(even trees get fully grown inside of five minutes)The other thing is that the game has two physics elements that interest me:Blocks you build with are simulated to an extent so you can't just build an infinitely tall tower into the sky.It rains fairly often which actually has an effect of depositing water into the world and the water can slowly soak down through dirt but not stone so you have to take that into account.In the end this game isn't like terraria or minecraft because the focus is on building a base with turrets to survive the waves of enemies at night and there are no swords or pickaxes, only guns and high tech miniturization technology."
,Recommended,315460,17419638,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Reliable Transportation,"In my first couple hours, the game was great!Pros:-Great atmosphere-Decent price-Fair fighting mechanics-Easy diggingCons:-Always dark in caves, getting lights are a beeyotch-Mobs are too easy to absolutely maul-Water is a hell to deal with~Other than that, I can't wait to see what happens in the full version!"
76561198071901376,Recommended,315460,18380145,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Don Gato,"Amazing, can beleive its only 5 bucks Best value of the year i would pay 25 for it easily.If youre bored of everything else, games that are just rehashes of the same game over and over again throughout the years where the only thing that changes is the graphics and the story Then check this out. Just awesome. Takes some getting used to but once you get the hang of it dont expect your sleep schedual to stay the same :)"
,Recommended,315460,21438119,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Troutsmack,"*minor spoilers maybe?*\Excellent for being in-development. Progression feels smooth and it never felt like I was grinding mats. Learning how to build and defend appropriately during the nights was fun. The different blocks provide enough difference and material requirements that you feel like you are actually making considerate choices of which to use.My only complaint is regarding defense turrets which seems to only necessitate usage of a single turret even though there are several options for defense, including the highest end turret which has little practical use due to how quickly creatures can dig through your walls by the time you can build it.  I'm sure this will be rounded out later.I love the game."
76561198212565801,Recommended,315460,23662506,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,jaromanx,i  would recomend if you have a lot of patiants
76561198082038794,Recommended,315460,17000824,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Bloodthirsty Weasel,"1st night:  Had a nice base so far and it was easy to survive the first night.2nd night:  Got a shotgun and learned about shotgun jumping.  Made more defenses and was able to survive the night.3rd night:  Started upgrading base to concrete, survived the night.4th night:  New monsters came at night, they were more of a challenge.  But i was able to survive.5th day:  My world started flooding and i had to find ways to keep myself from drowning in my home.  I also found a mountain that had really hard monsters around it.5th night:  Night got a bit more challenging with water and monsters.6th night:  God Help Me.This game is an amazing defense game and is extremely challenging and fun.  The water is a bit much but its kind of fun to protect yourself from it.10/10 great game, would be bitten, zapped, spiked, and drowned again."
76561198049988889,Recommended,315460,17055031,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Fang3326,"For Three (Soon To be Five) Dollars, This game is an amazing game. When i first loaded in i had my doubts, but this game has Potential. The idea of mobs coming to attack your base at night is scary for a few night, but after building your base you feel more prepared. Most of the Negitive reviews i saw were about how there is so much water, and yes i agree it dose get a little overbord some times, its a fun aspect of designing your base and making a drain system. Also another thing people complained about was the fact that theres only Three teirs of upgrades and that the game ""was not ready."" to that i say isnt that what the point of early accsess, to give your opinons on a game in development and so the dev's can change things for the better of the game?So if you're looking for a 2-D adventure, Tower defence, Sandbox that will only get better over the corse of development. i HIGHLY recomend this game. Its 3 Bucks (at the time of writing this review) So what could go wrong?"
76561198047297277,Recommended,315460,17290175,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Malkavian Philosopher,"A basic Crafting-Survival title, Dig or Die takes a concrete yet popular premise, and executes it brilliantly. The very simple playstyle with a multitude of diffculty levels means there's something for everyone, of any age. And at just under $3, this title is well-worth the money. I'm looking forward to seeing what else comes from the Devs on this title, while it finishes up its Early Access status.I would, however, have liked to see more content. Gameplay was relatively short, even for Early Access.I give it an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,315460,17311208,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Magnnus,"Dig or Die stands out from the Terraria-like crowd with superb water and building physics. Coupled with a rain simulation, and the ability to build bridges that can actually collapse, Dig or Die brings a lot to the sandbox rpg genre."
,Recommended,315460,20314120,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zturn,I built a tower than it fell.that is it there is no need for a score
,Recommended,315460,34998761,Posted: 16 September,all,TopGunHD,11/10 would dig again
76561198044361905,Recommended,315460,20423047,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"The game is as simple as the title, dig or die.Building a base, defending it, mining and killing for resources, and crafting all while you build a rocket to escape is very enjoyable. I found myself coming back to my old saves just to defend my house from aliens creatures with my turrets is fun.It's great if you want an hour or two to waste.My only issue with the game is how short it is, building the rocket should take much longer as to give you a reason to keep playing and defending your base.This game is worth the mere 5 dollars if you want some simple fun."
76561198007677275,Recommended,315460,20872663,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MarkChaos,"Terraria is just fun with others, this game only has Single player but playing on your own is a lot of fun! Very good just buy it."
,Recommended,315460,22164055,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,♫ FoofyBlank ♫,Terraria if it were to have tower defence!
76561198118733497,Recommended,315460,24985308,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Soul of Cinder,"This game is good and overall but it doesnt suit me and my gamestyle and the games i play, it was still fun."
,Recommended,315460,30533669,Posted: 15 March,all,ButtonMash0847,"This is a fun casual game, needs improvements in certain areas such as music (The background music seemed extremely repetitive after awhile). Easy to learn, easy controls, smooth graphics, and challenging gameplay :)UPDATED REVIEW: After playing for awhile this game became a little dull for me, but I would still reccomend it as a quick casual game you just want to pour a few hours into. The problem with this game is that once you have the perfect set-up it's hard to really go on from there, except to just create an entirely new world.Rating: 6.5/10"
,Recommended,315460,16210154,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Aarti Bahagat,Very good game!
,Recommended,315460,16252847,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,someone23,"Incredible game, recommended to anyone who likes Terraria or something like that. Cheap as well, pick it up while it's in Early Access, even if it's glitchy, cause it's only going to get more expensive.P.S. Controller support would be good for a game like this."
76561198207161216,Recommended,315460,16821422,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,syanu79,"i am a fan of console, but also a fan of sandbox game, developer has done a good job for sticking me around on this game. to survive in one night is priceless. turret and gattling gun is my best friend. good job gaddy games."
,Recommended,315460,16844849,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Adzerdobie,Cool game
76561198118697312,Recommended,315460,17041347,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,My dudes,Great fun for 3 dollars. Buy it :D
,Recommended,315460,17155556,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Real-Gold-Ace,Dig or Die is a 2D sandbox survival game you play as spaceman whos ship has crashed.the game is great and heres whyPros;the game is funthe gameplay is just right its not over the top but it is at the same timeyou can get floodedits more hardcore than terrariacons;you get flooded to much every night and day you get floodedno multi-playerfinal score 7/10
,Recommended,315460,17179819,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MLG_BANANA,veddy fun
,Recommended,315460,17211017,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Blackonf,iT'S OK GAME
76561198151077031,Recommended,315460,34880603,Posted: 11 September,all,Nnnnnnoooooo my TV,"I love it, played it for hrs or at least what felt like hrs. Any ways this game is overall good with game play and graphics are good for this type of game. There are a few bug fixes that should be put in to the game multiplayer is REALY laggy so maybe they could somehow change the way it works so it would be less laggy."
,Recommended,315460,20417191,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Headphone Doge,"Nice game and worth it. I've heard multiplayers going to be added, but then everyone will look the same.Excellent physics and rain effects.P.S: Please make a mac version, my old lenovo thinkpad crashed, and i replaced it with a macbook air. Of course i have terrible timeing and multiplayers coming out."
,Recommended,315460,20858960,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ConGsta16,"I cannot recommend this game anymore than I physically can - 150% Worth buying!I played a decent amount of time - so far until I decided I MUST let the community know how good this game is.In this review, I will cover the good things and the bad things.So, lets start with the good things:1. Awesome idea actually been created like it was planned, unlike some games.2. BETTER Than Terraria. I prefer this to Terraria because it's much funner and you can actually do much more things.3. The physics make the game SO much funner, like a lot more.4. It's gameplay is smooth and is easy to learn controls.5. The artificial intelligence of the ship is so good, it gives you company.6. The way you get hooked in after a few minutes is amazing.7. The defenses, they're awesome.8. The amount of cool things to build and do.9. The variety of mobs, blocks and biomes.10. The way it takes the irritating things from Terraria and makes them unexistant.11. The way the structures have a limit to their strength, that forces you to make things like real life, like a bridge with supports. It makes the game so much more pretty with actual nicely structured houses/buildings/bridges etc.12. The way you generate power, is so complex and difficult, that when you finish it, you get to biggest dopamine (Chemical your brain releases after an achievement to award yourself/feels awesome) rush you will ever have in your life!The bad things:1. It's early access.2. The ground mob AI is awful.3. The way you get attacked by an immense amount of creatures at night, it shouldn't be that much.4. The dumb saving system - It needs an upgrade.5. The way your turrets die far too fast.6. The loss of health is insane when against a creature with a high HP.7. The way you have to go back to a previous save if you die - IT'S ANNOYING, Just set a respawn code in.8. The size of the world, it is the same for everybody, so why is it so small? I wanted a big world to explore, not small.9. The way you don't move in flowing water, that's just so unrealistic in a physics game.10. Some minerals are far too hard to find, it ruins the game having to look for hours to find an ore.There you go! If you wish me to go into detail about any of these or want me to purchase another game to test for you and give improvements, then email me atwinnerasyougo@gmail.comI look forward to seeing this game progress through early access and I hope you use my review to improve the game!I hope you find this review useful and/or wish to use it as feedback. Please get back in touch if you need anything!ConGsta15 -"
76561198174592203,Recommended,315460,21517462,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ying.builder,"Great Game,the only problem I have with it is the water.I mean the flow ain't the issue,its just water goes through all blocks?I mean,water doesn't really go through all blocks in real life.I know this is fiction but the fact that it kinda denies laws of matter is a little strange.Other than that though,I love the game.great mechanics,musics cool,and the difficulty system is great.truly for a hardcore player."
,Recommended,315460,21786844,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sterling Archer,dig or dig. says what it is on the cover. the game runs smooth and looks like an early acsess game (.png and .gif images used well to represent blocks and movement) the game is intresting untill you reach an impass where you canot progress because the auto generater bioms are not equaly generated. e.g. i found myself needing something that only grows on red dirt. a red dirt biom had not spawned leving that save dead.after a DEV cometed on theis reveiw i now see my problem my maney respect for my self made me stupid and after spending time on the wiki i have progressed further
,Recommended,315460,22314417,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Cirth,"Love the game was really fun to play, I did screw up multiple times trying to figure out stuff and where I can find mats for whatever I need to keep my base as well myself safe.  I recommend easy, easy is like hard mode you need to becareful not to kill everything that moves.  This game will keep you on your toes don't shoot and ask questions later think than shoot or build (screwed up on a few building I tried to make).For 7.99 and how well the game is for being early access it's worth it.  Personally I can't wait to see what else they might add or tweak to it when they launch it. Right now after ""beating"" the game I give it 11/10 great game."
76561198052783604,Recommended,315460,23421357,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GoldGorilla,"I got this game about a year ago when it first launched for about &1 because the developer said he didn't wanna sell it for more than it was worth, showing that he would probably update it. I played it for a bit when it first came out. I eventually had done a lot of the stuff in the early version. Now I have come back to this game and so much has been added in and it's doing very well. In this game your goal is to build a rocket to escape the planet you are on. To do this you will need to upgrade a lot of your devices in order to be able to gather the materials and build it. The big point of this game though is the night time. Every night tons of monsters will come out and attack you. Forcing you to build a structure to protect yourself and make things like turrets and you of course get a gun. The enemies can also destroy the walls and things in these structures so you have to constantly repair/rebuild them. This is a great game and i definitely recommend it."
76561198003585036,Recommended,315460,24089644,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sphinx,Interesting and challenging. Quite good.
,Recommended,315460,27319245,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,@endcast,"Pretty fun game, (and challenging as hell) but the only concern i have is that there is no multiplayer. So i bought it 4 my brother too, and lol there was no multiplayer! GG, great work, though maybe you could add multiplayer? Definetly would recommend game 2 people who liked terraria, and want a challenge as well. (ive only play easy btw)"
,Recommended,315460,16195595,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Trexmix,"Its fun. I'm too lazy to write a good review, read someone elses."
,Recommended,315460,16957343,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,yzzy,"Games should be like this, simple BUT really fun to play, it's like playing tower defense in terraria. It's totally worth buying(99Php only)!"
76561197996323108,Recommended,315460,17066175,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,NoodleKing,"Great game at this price i can only recommand buying it , its have about 12 hours of solo gameplay for now maybe less or more depending on how well you play . i had some fun playing it for sure for now its lack of content but im pretty sure hes gonna keep updating his game .So Buy it ! :) you got nothing to lose i assure you."
,Recommended,315460,17524759,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,GainfulMonkey30,This is such a good game looking forward to the updates
,Recommended,315460,18654746,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Orbdragon25,"Many dopamine were released while playing this game... I haven't played a game that rewarding in a long time!!You can actually beat the game.You crash in a hostile alien planet and your goal is to build an rocket and get the hell outa there.However, it's not simple. You have to collect resources and upgrade your crafting table to get better guns and build a better base. From what I've heard it take about 15-20 hours to complete the game at first try on easy mode, which I'm hours into the game and I haven't even scratched the surface of it.10/10 must buy before the price goes skyrocketed"
76561198180715303,Recommended,315460,20987680,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chris,good game and more depth than it seems. its pretty good with the water and tricky monsters. It even has some hidden bosses!
76561197970976836,Recommended,315460,22924578,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,de357mag5,This game is FUN! I had to keep reminding myself that I was supposed to be escaping the planet or I would get constantly side tracked building crazy fun side projects.
76561198145674841,Recommended,315460,23649637,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dudley [SuperiorServers.Co],Amazing water simulation and physics EPIC!
76561198039310228,Recommended,315460,30380729,Posted: 7 March,all,Ginger Beard Man,"Could use some tweaks/improvements (naturally), but over-all, this game isn't bad for the cost. The world feels small, but it tries hard enough to kill you to balance that out. The base-buliding mechanics are simple but fun. Exploration is fun, the defense mechanics ae enjoyable, and in general I've enjoyed the little bit of playtime I've had so far. There are two frustrating mechanics: 1) Water/flooding and 2) Enemy tunneling. Some might complain about these aspects, but If eel that they both create a unique challenge (although I wouldn't mind the option to customize my game by choosing how easily water accumulates or if enemies can tunnel into my bass when I've dug into a mountain or the ground). Definitely worth a buy on sale, but probably worth the $8, considring it is early access."
76561198143952325,Recommended,315460,16309798,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PPPPPPPPICCKLEE RIICCCKKK,"The developer actually pays attention! Great game would recommend to everyone, only 4 the cheap price of £1.99!"
,Recommended,315460,16691223,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BlueBattleHawk,"This game is too good for words. Play it. Innovative physics and water systems, as well as a daily Tower Defense battle make this a unique take on a 2D World.For three dollars you CAN'T afford to pass this one by."
76561198007015413,Recommended,315460,19325877,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,sakbullets,"This game is beyond addicting.  It's not a massive world like minecraft, but its big enough.  Big enough that there is a ton to do, but small enough to remember where you need to go.  Great idea for this game!  I just love the building in it and the strategy that you need to take to do well.  Definitly a keeper, especially for $5!!!"
76561198146220593,Recommended,315460,19807489,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Omnotron20000,"This game may have little content and be a bit confusing. But it has the polish and develpor that a ea game needs. and its super addictive. Defenetly buy it for the price of 4,99 euro!to sum it upp its a easy simple fun game that most people will enjoy! :D"
,Recommended,315460,22177245,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,VellFrost,"Well its a Build, Defense, Survival, FREE games, what do you expect more ?"
76561198013025021,Recommended,315460,22333083,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jesse da rock,Highly addictive game.Keep up the good work :D
76561198263583367,Recommended,315460,23429611,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DatKartDudeDH,"Hard but Fun!This game is very hard on any difficulty, But you don't have to fight harder enemies until you kill one of the harder enemies.And It is NOT like Terraria at all. The water and gravity work like they shold and there are no bugs in the game that I know of. Surely worth the cost"
,Recommended,315460,23685180,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Aech,Love It!
,Recommended,315460,16233173,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,VDSR,"Easily worth the 3 dollar price tag, provides enough fun even if you don't make it past night 1..."
76561198056263942,Recommended,315460,16696526,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Brayman24,There should be more things to do to get the rocket to make the game longer and there should be a whole galaxy you can explore once you build the rocket
76561197977448386,Recommended,315460,16933513,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,supercooldragn,"a fun little game, not a huge amount of content, and getting all the stuff for the rocket is a bit tedious, but setting up a base is fun and so is taking on all the monsters!"
,Recommended,315460,16961272,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Pros:-Cheap as dirt-Fun-Replay Value!-Guaranteed to make you laugh at your misfortune-Get murdered by Rapid-Fire Laser Bees-and bats-and wolves-and fish-and gravityCons:-Still very early in development (currently in v0.10)-You will die, alot-no seriously-Takes a bit of time to understand the physics-How is there this much rain?"
76561198158379017,Recommended,315460,17008962,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DaygoDaygoWubWub,very good game10/10 for an amazing game.
,Recommended,315460,17214029,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ninja.Kitten,Great game! Can't wait to see it expand :)I love the mix of exploration/building and combat - it's like minecraft and zombotron had a baby! <3Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,315460,17258166,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kommie,Dig or Die is a different take on the 2D side scrolling adventure. Overall the basics and mechanics of the game are great! But I can't play the game for a long time like other 2D side scrollers.
76561198066354282,Recommended,315460,17270763,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,I Swear She Was 18,"overall fantastic game! was fun from the very start and keeps you entertained non stop for the next 10-15 hours of gameplay, it was fun designing my own base and discovering new ways to beat the game, faster. if you want cheap and good fun, this is really it."
76561198153670985,Recommended,315460,17309447,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Amaroo,GRRRR.... ALLL of the updates make the game HARDER only WTHECK
76561198157882016,Recommended,315460,17375985,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,messaritis,can it bcome multiplayer
76561198028675646,Recommended,315460,17474215,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,squidterd29,my frist time palying i got killed in less then 5min`s 2nd time i made base inside a hill then i made my base for night`s what i am trying to say is dig or die is a good game and at 5$ it`s wroth it.
76561198019364032,Recommended,315460,17686065,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,cfhussain17,"I was attracted to Dig or Die by my experience with Terraria.  Dig or Die is very different however.  Terraria is a great game, and it is cute, and it is lots of fun.  In Dig or Die however: night time really is carnage, the monsters will rip through the landscape to get to you and the items are serious, neither colourful or wacky (rather, the stuff you might see in a sci-fi movie).  In Dig or Die we have a game focused more on surviving the harshness of a new world.So far the game has been a delight to play.  I tried Brutal and eventually found a way to survive the first night.  Once you achieve that feat you start to adapt to your surroundings and the adventure begins.  I offer only one reservation, and it's not a criticism of the game, more a shortcoming of my own.  I've always found the availability of a strong wikia/gamepedia source to greatly enhance my own experience and enjoyment of a game like this, but because Dig or Die is a very new game, you may find it a bit of a struggle to begin with.  That said, perhaps this is the best opportunity to delve into Dig or Die, when you know absolutely nothing about the world, the items, the monsters!"
,Recommended,315460,17749449,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ŊO ŜKILL,Awsome and cheap game to play its really fun and also has lots of annoying physics here are some Pros and Cons:Pros:ExploringReally cool gun firingThe water system is more realistic than other gamesNo lagKILLING THOSE ANNOYING BEESConsReally bad graphics
76561198090739704,Recommended,315460,18670056,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pyropenguin,I haven't had this much fun playing a game in ages. Its not just a simple build an craft game. You have to be careful to manage your time because each night any species that you have killed in the passed attacks you wit a unrational rage. I had a base built into the side of a mountain. before I knew it it was leveled to the ground. My base in ruins. My life barely hanging on by a thread. There are may weapons each with their advantages and disadvantages. Plenty of defensive equipmet to help keep you safe which you need. Make sure not to get caught out at night mining or you are gonna have a hell of a night. I honestly give this a 10/10. there is nothing I feel that is negative about it. For 5 bucks you get plenty of content and it is difficult to put down. I forsee this being a huge title someday soon.
76561198126114559,Recommended,315460,17341345,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JamesDelQuadro,"This game has a lot of potential, it has been updating and still adding a lot of content, good job devs."
76561198198680266,Recommended,315460,17431747,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,themightyleighton,Loved it lots to do but it does take awhile to build yourself
76561198258293097,Recommended,315460,33332033,Posted: 6 July,all,57Eric,This game was very fun to play and figure out there are many monsters to defend and offend the goal of this game is to escape a planet by building a base and mineing till you can build a Rocket yo get away it was fun to buold and adventure the map.
,Recommended,315460,17854421,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,thehumanslayer12,"Man, gota say. I've played some $5 games, but none like this. Of course the game is in very early alpha (which is what Early Access technically is) so there are bound to be some things that are not fun or enjoyable [yet].Keep in mind, this game will go up to $12 soon. For $5 right now, I think it's worthwhile investing $5 in the game to see what it finally turns out to be. It's fun indeed. I've spent an hour last night playing, died 2 times from falling off a cliff (lol), so it's addicting. I'm starting to play it now actually haha.Can't wait for multiplayer features! Thank you for the game developer(s)! Hope to see this game turn out well."
76561198067927333,Recommended,315460,18445112,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,dpauls15243,"Very good game. I don't know how much more they are going to update it, since it seem pretty complete already. It's short and fun, only takes a few hours to beat if you are smart, and doesn't get repetative easily.It does lack replayability, since it's literally the same thing over and over again, with very little variety.The biggest problem for me is the AI pathing, which is terrible. They will simply go staight towards you, even if that means actually burrowing through a mountain, even if there is a clear path two blocks over. This can be very annoying when you have to rebuild half your base each morning.It is also seemingly impossible to have an underground base for long, since the aliens tend to destroy everything around you. Literally. You end up with a 5+ block gap all around your base, with it just floating in the middle."
,Recommended,315460,18607125,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Geekologist42,"Fun, Action-Packed Survival With a Twist Type of Game!"
76561198193713107,Recommended,315460,19172489,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheRealSlimShadyLT,"Buy or Die :) really,this game is absolutely amazing,had really good time with it. Just one little drawback.. i would really liked the game MUCH more if there was some kind of monsters,instead of insects.. :)"
,Recommended,315460,23617710,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Eulucidator,so much rain it might as well be called Katrina simulator
76561198007639569,Recommended,315460,24022923,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Buffalo Ken,"This game is a blast!  I've finally built up to level 5, but I have a feeling I have more searching ahead of me.  Good deal because that is what I like.  Searching and building."
,Recommended,315460,24259758,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Illustrio,"I use this game primarily as a sort of disastrous-flooding-simulator, although I am told that there's a lot more to it. It's quite Terrariaesque, as I'm sure you'll have gathered from the videos and the reviews. Fight monsters, shoot lasers and escape to space."
,Recommended,315460,25003475,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lileats277 (Frozen_Pancakes),"dig or die is a great 2D survival simulator. at first i compared it to terraria, but after a few hours of gameplay, i figured out its its own game. this game is different from other 2D survival games. its perma-death, skyrim style save and load, and learn from your mistake and try again. the game has a few problems you must overcome, such as reaching past the heights of the clouds, mining through the underground oceans and making a stable base with plenty of power. i reccomend this game, i rate it 7.5/10 due to the game having not too many craftable items. it is early access but that isnt a free pass to have a lack of content. good job game devs! good luck further developing this insanly wet planet!"
,Recommended,315460,16192961,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lamargo,"Great game! Have only played it for around an hour so far, but that hour was intense! Perma-death really keeps you on your toes! :D"
,Recommended,315460,16239435,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[STSV]TheGamingSession,Remember the real world?Now remember sea levels rising due to global warming and give it steroids and now you got this game. 10/10 would swim again. Seriously tho; this game is fun even when you only give it a few hours of playtime.
76561198220236180,Recommended,315460,16254635,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Imperium Nox,"This game is incredibly good, even more so for $3. Some people could say it's hard, but I believe that is a good feature that is lacking in other ""survival"" games such as minecraft or terrarria.Of course there are the downsides to this game such as average graphics/textures and a sorta dodgy water engine, but even this was better than I expected for a game that costed $3. Definitely worth the $3. Buy it."
76561198007313568,Recommended,315460,16809625,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,joesfoundry,"cute, fun, and slightly addicting.  With the low price, very worth it."
,Recommended,315460,17222305,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ZareX | Pvpro.com,"I like this game because of some reasons1:Its very polished2:Its got a pyshic engine, not like minecraft where you can place 200 blocks on top and nothing will happen3:I like hard games/survival games4:Pretty simple to understand but hard to play LOVE ITSo dont judge me because ive got low playtime but in the near future  that 1 hour will turn in to a 50 or more idk.I RECOMMEND THIS GAME  to buy its awsome in every look"
,Recommended,315460,17653814,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,lostlife,I think dig or die is a great game and i am always waiting for a new update on the game! Also I love how there is many differant areas and so far 2 differant bosses! And to add on to that there is 1 ending so far idk if the developer is making multiple endings but i hope he/she does! so far i beat ther game it took me a little while but i did and made every gun possible and built a big base with defences and the building mechanics are interesting where the walls and structures have weight and resistance so it makes the game harder but sometimes harder=better so this is great! Well all in all i loved dig or die can't wait till' next update and i do recommend this game to others so keep it up developers gg!!!
,Recommended,315460,17691491,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Vexator,"This is a fun little game. It's a cross between Terraria and a tower defense survival game.The concept of how the difficulty increases in game is fantastic. At night you are attacked only by those monsters you have already killed at least one of in your exploration.The more difficult monsters are further away from spawn so as you explore further and kill more mobs, the difficulty increases.For an early access game it's well worth the money. Still enjoying it with (as at time of review) over 12 hours clocked."
76561198079464449,Recommended,315460,18659161,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Baggy,Superb!This game has a ways to go but it is going in the right direction and I hope it stays that way!A unquite project such as this one needs to be funded or a donation stand would be good!I also admire greatly how this game to a turn with the Day and Night mechanic!
76561198007423887,Recommended,315460,18757220,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Angelo Dante,"TL:DR - BUY THE GAME ALREADY!Break out that laser pick and plasma machine gun, and get to digging! Work to escape the rain-soaked rock you crash-landed on by gathering what you need to build a rocket. Survive the night when all the radiation-maddened species you've provoked (by killing one) comes to return the favor! The developers have a great music beat for the night-time combat, it really pulls you in and has you yelling ""Bring it!"" at your screen when the sun goes down. Oh, and watch out for burrowing mobs. They will quite literally tear your base out from under you, from the foundations up. In this game, structural integrity counts. If you build a tower, and they tear out the floor trying to get to you, it all comes down!9/10 - Would have collapsing fortress fall on my head while unloading on full auto again!"
76561198052517458,Recommended,315460,25346268,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bliss,"Lovely little game. Think Terraria style gameplay, but with semi-realistic building mechanics. If you're a fan of the genre, this is worth picking up. Makes for a nice change of pace."
76561198015305969,Recommended,315460,25482384,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,OutCome,"Quite fun, but waiting on multiplayer to be implemented to play with my friend. Then and only then will i start putting some serious hours into the game."
76561198199098709,Recommended,315460,33556491,Posted: 15 July,all,bigoakley02,"A really fun game with a great price tag. It's really worth the money, and it gets better and better with every update!"
76561198105686022,Recommended,315460,16762672,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The Snowman Knight,"First started up the game, looked at ""Peaceful"" and thought 'Pfff I don't need to go on Peaceful, I'm sure I will do just fine on easy.' Started up the map, played till night fall, didn't even last 30 seconds. Went back to the main menu and started a new map on Peaceful."
76561197998091546,Recommended,315460,17385587,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,b_lne,"This is a great littel Indie game. I was there for the earlier version, and it was very fun to play even then. However, it was late in the day, and the designer was talking of hiring persons or person unknown to help finalize the game, Before we knew, it was all accomplished and this fine version has seen the light of day. It drives me nuts playing at even easy mode.A fantastic wee gem for the price. Enjoy!"
76561198018111486,Recommended,315460,17437419,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,yellowsnow402,Holy crap buy this game. It is so much fun! This is an much a Terria clone as all platformers are Mario clones. This game is fun and engaging and can only get better from here!
76561198013594259,Recommended,315460,18054254,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,qwert628,"Such a beautiful game! If you enjoy dig down deep and just see whats down there...you will love this game.First 2 hours into the game I actually thought ""thats it?"" but i was so wrong!The later you're in this game the better it gets. However one thing I want to point out: this game is not like minecraft, where you stay in it forever and just endless dig and build. The goal of this game is to get out of the planet.Buy this game!Last but not least, shutgun's recoil op.個人來說 非常享受這個較短的遊戲. 遊戲時間如果從零開始而且不會玩 可以長達10小時左右,遊戲的樂趣在於探索 遊戲的目的是為了逃離這個星球,並非像是minecraft那樣蓋房子 雖然也可以那樣玩大力推薦,而且又很便宜."
76561198065519542,Recommended,315460,18795197,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sylen_T,What ever you do do not I SAID DO NOT listen to the negative reviews for this game its a Great early accses game for a wonderful value it even has block physics. I don't know about you but i love games with block physics. OK NOW BUY IT GO AHEAD YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO STOP READING THIS REVIEW AND JUST BUY THe FREAKING GAME!  GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD BYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYE.
76561198145832228,Recommended,315460,18943777,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Vizlox,Its great but it really needs online multiplayer! I would love to play with my freinds and build an awesome world with them
,Recommended,315460,22101805,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,dizzejamie,Good Game with the new update!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QbT97p7OIc
76561198027639428,Recommended,315460,29493774,Posted: 25 January,all,Lothium,"So I hadn't played this for quite some time, the last time I played was before the last big update. Since then there appears to have been a change to the art style a bit. The game play seems to be okay still, but it seems like this game will take either  a very long time to be ready so just wait."
,Recommended,315460,30658493,Posted: 21 March,all,zilas0,Really great game and it's awsome to see that it still is going strong! Multiplayer is soon an option aswell unless you wanna play on experimental (BETA) build.Buy naow and SURVIVE!
76561198099451609,Recommended,315460,14858594,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kiriba,this is a terraria like game based on combat where its killed or be killed and enemy can break throgh your base walls its really fun the story is you crash land on a dangerous island and need to rebuild your ship to return home
76561198027369506,Recommended,315460,14794356,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sparxef,just one of those nice games :D8/03/15
,Recommended,315460,16287421,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,_Lion_man_,This game is very cheap and very good !
76561197970509954,Recommended,315460,18207694,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Silvercourage,"I'm really enjoying this game.  I like the turrets/engineer approach vs. metrovania to the game play.  I also think his way of breaking up the biomes/zones is really clever without feeling restrictive.  Really excited to see how this game develops further but it is absolutely worth $4.99 in it's current state.  I hope they continue with the strategy and thinking approach to exploration and surviving the various challenges.  I'm an older/non-twitch gamer and this game is really enjoyable already in its current form.  I feel like I can overcome each challenge with some creative thinking and planning.  Even if some of my structures are some rickety angry-bitd/pig structures with as many guns as I can stuff on them!  If you like minecraft + turret building+ exploration, you'll enjoy this game in version .13!"
,Recommended,315460,22277266,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Proxemicon,I enjoy it. :)
,Recommended,315460,15475870,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Raknarok,Best game Ever
76561198072308602,Recommended,315460,16928116,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SPYChicken427,8.5/10 EARLY ACESS NOT MUCH IN THE GAME YETGameplay: 9Graphics: 8.5 (Note: This Game Is Not Suppose To Look Hyper Realistic Its Style Fits And Works)Sound: 7Music: 8.5 (I Like It)Difficulty Overall: Challenging (Not Counting Peacefull)Plenty Of Fun Is To Be Had With This Cheap 3$ Game The Price Is WAY Worth It(If You Dont Like Me Capitalizing Every Word Im Sorry But Thats How I Type)
76561198064616078,Recommended,315460,17512062,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,xXDogs101Xx,This is a very nice game.I was playing on the (first release version? I dont know really) and now it has updated to .1 and already is at .11. i have yet to play the newest version but the only negative i really have for this is the controls are a bit wonky.As i said i havent tried the newest patch yet but th older patch was somewhat short and the game has good content.
76561198119523756,Recommended,315460,26223638,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,VestedSaturn,It's a great game. Tower defense as well as adventure style crafting game.
,Recommended,315460,17109553,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,☭ Mr.Frie Frie ッ,Day one:I need to get all this wood and some metal and blue gem thingys!Night one:OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ OH♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE DON'T HURT ME!!Day two:Whew I can't beileve I survived that! I got some blue gems and some horns. I am going to make this underground base my home.Night two:♥♥♥♥♥♥WHY IS IT FLOODING?! GO AWAY HORNED DOG THINGS!! I will just hide in here with my shotgun...Day three:Okay the flood pulled us a bit back but I will get rid of the lake by putting concrete in the entire lake.Night three:Getting rid of the lake causes more floods... -_-Day four:I built a little ladder up to a floating island thing but I cannot collect anything. I need a mk3 minituarizor.Night four:I seem to be getting the hang of this!Day five:AHH BEES AND WOLFS ARE ATTACKING!!! I will just hide up on this island.... Wait I can't get up there...Night five:Okay I will just place more turrets in my cave and stay here...10/10 would hide in my cave forever
,Recommended,315460,17139820,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,OneCrazyPerson,ADDD MULTYPLAYER AND DEN IT WILL BE FABULOS
,Recommended,315460,20288557,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,staticpower,"The open world sandbox style of Dig or Die is similiar to both Terraria and Minecraft games, but I really like this game's art and music."
76561197962397576,Recommended,315460,20791639,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tony Yorkshire,Excellent and yes worth buying:)
76561198085510641,Recommended,315460,21643694,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ajl949,Easily one of the best games I have played in a while and for under £4! Why are you reading this when you could be playing this game!
,Recommended,315460,21821610,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Zitpos,Played till escaping the plannet. Great game so far! Looking forward what additional stuff will come in the future.
,Recommended,315460,23524029,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mastice,I liked it.  The only real problem I have with it is the inventory/crafting system.  There are only 8-10 languages in the world that still read right to left instead of left to right.  Setting the inventory up so that the completed ingredient is on the left and the needed raw components are on the right is akin to reading right to left.  It makes no sense for a broader audience.  Outside of this confusing element of the game the game plays nice and offers a nice tower defense type challenge.  The water physics are a treat as well!
76561197995077745,Recommended,315460,28870154,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,puremrz,"Thought I had escaped the planet, crashed into a floating island instead. 1/10It's a fun game with a big focus on survival, although I feel it could use a lot of improvement. Most enemies are just harder clones of themselves, and the electronics are mostly pointless. Especially when all enemies can destroy any kind of blocks. You just end up building them same kind of structure as everyone else, as defenses are expensive and your buildings will go down anyway. Still, it's a fun game and the price as it is now is worth it. So I'm looking forward to the finished version. If it ever comes."
,Recommended,315460,33915585,Posted: 30 July,all,[oCs]ouiji,A must have for one and all.
,Recommended,315460,19813952,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nilzey [BTF],"Its very fun. Just waiting for multiplayer, and a better autosave system."
,Recommended,315460,20171038,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Variade,This game has so much to offer! It's a fantastic system of progression and difficulty. It gave me several hours of fun and I can't wait to see what's in store for the future!
,Recommended,315460,22279772,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,I do PATTERNS,"Neat game, shows alot of potential and the dev is good about posting updates. However, I would not reccomend buying the game yet, It still needs more time to get flushed out."
,Recommended,315460,29010959,Posted: 4 January,all,kkgg84,"MUCH more challenging than say terraria or the likes.I what finally stopped me from completing the game is that in order to finish the game you need to kill some Explosive Fireflys and they explode if they touch you or if you kill them, so when they start attacking your base at night they wreak havoc on your infrastructure, lots of repairing and rebuilding, would love it if they only exploded when they touched you/defenses, so it becomes kill them before they reach you kind of thing."
76561198185922141,Recommended,315460,19121745,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,riley.hunter,best game ever
76561198281858584,Recommended,315460,24790148,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ikill4laffs,"Played and finished the game twice now going for a third round. Its just that good. It uses real world physics which makes it alot more challenging and immersive then that of other sand box games you might find and the tech they have is pretty redonculouse but alot more justifiable then things like magic.*When it comes to energy, it would be nice if you could harvest and store energy for later use. E.g have some kind of battery hooked up to some solar pannels that then could be used to power your base during the night.*Maybe an actuall survival mechanic, kinda like what they do in fallout. You can challenge yourself to the next level by having to keep yoursel fed, hydrated and well rested. Just an option like in fallout.*Some more equipment besides just a vest. I find myself dying often by recoiling into a ceiling and knocking myself silly so a helmet would be good.*Entering the volcanoe is increadibly challenging if you dont know what to do and there are 2 demons you can optionally fight. Would it be possible to make available after killing the second demon some fire resistant gear combining your ant armor with the left over demon skin to reduce fire damage and make you fire proof so that you dont combust.* you have hydro and solar power, why not wind or even thermal? theres a volcanoe right there.* i feel like titanium needs more use. Maybe a mark level iv titanium reinforced wall and scaffolding.*MOAR BOSSESSESS!!!Even for an early access game its still very well done and i cant wait for multiplayer"
76561198000381945,Recommended,315460,26594255,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,lHellSpawnl,10/10
,Recommended,315460,27526642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hand00m (Sodium Chloride),Terraria with pysiscsIK i spelled it wrongTHIS GAME ISNT RELATED TO MINECRAFT
76561197973401091,Recommended,315460,28883394,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,humbrol2,"Great base game. Look forward to more items ingame such as water pumps, means of travel etc. Multiplayer would make this a wicked fun game. is there a roadmap posted anywhere with the plannedfeatures?"
,Recommended,315460,20736312,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sir Narwhalian,Fun as hell.
,Recommended,315460,17605842,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,EarthquakePancake,"Although this isn't a bad thing, Dig or Die reminds me heavily of Terraria, but I won't get into why.PROS:-Great music.-Solid crafting system.-Good challenge.-Impressive physics.-Overall fun game.CONS:-Enemies can dig through dirt with their attacks.-Enemies can detect you through solid objects.-Rain occurs far too often, almost more often than not.-The health regen you have is almost negligible, especially at night when you have a ton of enemies attacking you at once.-Death can occur rather quickly even in daylight if you aren't careful and wary of the enemies.-The distance at which enemies will stop following you is 27 blocks. That generally means they have to be off your screen, but quite a few early enemies are faster than you.-Because of how the physics work, it has been nearly impossible for me to build a successful bridge, even when I know I'm doing it correctly. I have fallen to the depths of the world 3 times now, and I've barely been playing for an hour.Overall, it is an OK game, one that I do recommend, but expect a lot of somewhat unnecessary challenge (for reference to the difficulty, I've only been playing on the second-easiest difficulty so far.)"
76561198128408388,Recommended,315460,18238827,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,tibbi,I really love this game. It is totally worth $4.99 for an Early Access game. It has a late 90's retro vibe to it that I love. I love the music in the game as well. Can't wait to see what is added to the game with future updates. Buy it now!
76561198085952271,Recommended,315460,20811826,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,the guy from outa SPACE,soooo cute!
76561198272339150,Recommended,315460,21414620,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,dexonite,it is simple but hard to survive long enough to get a good base
,Recommended,315460,24473943,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TurtleArmy,Imagine a sci-fi Terraria with a greater emphasis on base building and day-to-day survival and an active and passionate developer who listens to every bit of criticism and feedback he gets.Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a challenging but fair sandbox survival game.
76561198147644195,Recommended,315460,25025342,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Xx_quick_sc0ping_pr0_xX,its quite boring at firstbut it gets better
76561198136499831,Recommended,315460,29865041,Posted: 11 February,all,Delta the Wize,"This Game is one of the most amazing experiences I have ever had in a early access game. It take a bit to get used to if you play other games like it: Terraria, Starbound, Etc. How ever, Dig or Die has one of the most amazing sound tracks ever even rivaling and surpassing Terraria! Give this game a shot sure its still in early access, but it has good content and a fun adventure! I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone who enjoys stategic survival platformers!"
76561198174367982,Recommended,315460,17559989,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dude of Awesomeness,This is the best survival 2-D sidescroller I've ever played (better than Terraria in my opinion).If you dont have this game already then get it. You won't regret it.
76561197970651382,Recommended,315460,17560806,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,OniellNZ,"Playing 0.11What a great game.I have played this now for 56 hours and finally finished it. Very well balanced, just pick who you kill early on.Reto graphics games are in at the moment, this one gives it a modern look rather than trying for the 8 bit blocky look.Fun concept, that keeps you coming back for more all the time. I hve tried MANY different straegies, and they all work to some degree.So looking to what is next for this game."
,Recommended,315460,17571427,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dhaos,"Intelligent and rewarding. This game has a lot of content, but I just beat it, and therefore I wish it had more."
76561197989326310,Recommended,315460,33789396,Posted: 25 July,all,HonoredShadow,"I don't really do reviews so when I do, the game must be special.I keep coming back to this game as it develops and it really is coming along nicely with many updates regularly.  The latest beta allows you to play with others too!The controls are really great, smooth and so intuitive.  I especially like moments that occur like this,  I got caught out while digging down, miles away from my base.  I had to try to get back up and across the land.  It got dark real quick and I had to defend myself against all of the creatures while not stopping.  In a moment of matrix style jumping and shooting all died at my hands as I kept running.  You get many moments like this in the game. You wonder how you survived the last load before another load of creatures are on you...Base building is fun when you realise not to block everything off.  Funnel them creatures!Start off with digging for basic building block materials for the first few nights and improve the base with better, harder blocks as you progress.You soon get to use turrets to help defend your base somewhat.  I like to think of the best ways to plant them down so they can do the most damage while not taking to much damage to the turrets  when creatures attack.The graphics in the game are truly lovely and the music.... wow.  Goes with what ever the situation seems to be on screen.  One minute calm and serene and the next anxious and foreboding.Great 4k support where you can actually see the UI.Water and funnelling water plays a key part in this game.  It never feels frustrating but can lead to some moments when you thought you knew how things were going to pan out while you tried to channel the water.  All hell can break out with water bursting into caverns!  On top of that when it rains things can change in an instant deep underground as the water filters down through the cave system.Overall just a really nice game that can have you calmly building and thinking then when you head out you really feel the loneliness in the depths..."
,Recommended,315460,20958937,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Dr. Meme,"Amazing fun game, probably one of my favorites, if you love terraria then you will most likely love this game. It's basically an otherworldly Terraria (Same with Starbound, which is an even better game) with a defend-the-fort system with turrets and traps at night. (If you're not on peaceful)"
76561198228095492,Recommended,315460,25383695,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,mentula_agricolae,Great combination of my 2 favorite game genres: Survival and tower defence!
,Recommended,315460,29791657,Posted: 8 February,all,heinrickchaos,"Well worth $8, best deal today.I've bought $60 games that havn't brought half as much joy as this little gem has. Hard to believe its still in early access. Lots of updates too!"
,Recommended,315460,16824791,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Logan | OG,The Cheaper Better version of terriea its way more fun in my opion 9/10
76561198016707912,Recommended,315460,19165553,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,archenemy,"TL;DR: It is one of the best Terraria clones. Recommended.Plus:- Actual objectives, that make exploring mandatory- Sci-fi environment- Very fast digging speed- More realistic building and structures (building a larger bridge or tower is an actual challenge)- At night monsters come, changing the pace of the game- Endless inventorySo-so:- Monsters can dig, so you can't build unpenetratable defences.- The water behaves more realistical.  I think it doesn't change a lot of things after all, just mentioned since it is different here.Minus:- not a lot of items to create- not a lot of variety in enemies- no summonables (or at least I didn't found any). Just turrets.- still a Terraria cloneAll in all I recommend it, good fun, especially for 5$. I hope the devs will add more content."
,Recommended,315460,19838153,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,rictic,"It's early, very unfinished, but it's got a couple novel pieces.The structural integrity system is well used, as is the fluid dynamics system.Will make for a good game in the Terraria & Starbound-alike space."
,Recommended,315460,27841466,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hamlet,This is a great indie game i highly recomend it i like the physics and the fact it has creative mode once you complete it
,Recommended,315460,20539972,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,UnReleased,why does the game crach that mutch
76561198147659589,Recommended,315460,20795028,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sallami,aMAZING GAME
76561198062017948,Recommended,315460,23435418,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,sirnic,Once you make a house the game is practially fish bowl.
76561198127939301,Recommended,315460,18981004,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,"Exscuse the hours i have played a bit offline. This game is pretty good and i have'nt encountered any bugs or glitches.However i do have some suggestions. 1) The music in the game sounds pretty nice hy not make a DLC for the soundtack? I would'nt mind paying for that. 2) The way the water works in this game. When it ""rains"" near my houses (They are are mostly always temporary as i always move every night) all the water some how flouds into my ""house"" which makes my turrets sort off useless since they're in the house. 3) Physics & Gravity. I still hav'ent comprehended how to get across to gaps. If someone is reading this and knows how to do it please teach me how. Anyway i think this game deserves a good game reveiw and you should get it."
76561198161921317,Recommended,315460,33680655,Posted: 20 July,all,Tigercup9,"Can't deny, very cool game, very fun game. Not sure I'd call it ""innovative"" but it certainly has many more technological layers than similar games like Terraria or Starbound. Wish mining were a bit less boring, but mining's always boring. 9/10"
76561198197808223,Recommended,315460,24683474,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,hoeferkamp.johnathon,this is a must have game
76561198060977283,Recommended,315460,31476696,Posted: 30 April,all,Noother,The game is called dig or diewell it should be call die or die10/10 would die again
,Recommended,315460,17184873,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NotAZorua,Multiplayer pls! other thsn thst great game 10/10
,Recommended,315460,18271293,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Benzo0,"Exellent game, hours of fun and gameplay for the price of a coffee!"
76561198152894292,Recommended,315460,19948632,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,sydnor3,very fun worth the 5 dollars
,Recommended,315460,20409192,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CloseIA,hoping someday it has multiplayer
76561198079953482,Recommended,315460,21828473,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Platypusboy0226,I found the game increadably fun and entertaining. It is updated more than many early access games and I have full faith that it will turn into something spectacular. I highly recommend it.
76561198179152765,Recommended,315460,23297344,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DJdonkeys,All i can sayabout this game is that it is super fun hard and addictive
,Recommended,315460,23518599,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,"Game Over, Man","cool water physics but not completely realistic.  needs more maps, only 1 in the game I think."
,Recommended,315460,26612977,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jisa,A good alternative if you need your terraria-like fix.
,Recommended,315460,28239263,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Currently Dying in a Warp Storm,"A pretty good early access game with an active developer, unique features, and a massive amount of potential. My one problem is that it has a distinct lack of decoration(As stated in the game's description, I do NOT mean that the dev is ignoring the flaw) I would also like to see an open ended game mode with the possible inclusion of low end NPCs(Not anything crazy, just static entities that give quests and the like)Music: 8.5/10Gameplay: 8/10-9/10Replayability(At the moment): 6.5/10Overall(At the moment): 8/10A solid building game with about 10-30 hours of gameplay."
76561198154760521,Recommended,315460,29112693,Posted: 8 January,all,shatter,love how destructive you can be in the late game 10/10
,Recommended,315460,18240717,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,gunberg1978,"This is a great game that is well worth $4.99, however, the water level seems to rise to fast during rain storms, it feels like a  rain storm fills up holes more then it should. That is the only thing that bugs me though since the rest of the game feels perfect"
76561198192664338,Recommended,315460,18572552,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,mazakiuna3,"I almost done everything i wanted, built  a big dam between the small mountain (located in the middle) and the big mountain. But haven't drain the underground ocean; my blockage on the giant hole keeps breaking. Either my walls can not handle the weight of the water or them annoying bats keep breaking it."
,Recommended,315460,23556499,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Scott750,This is a challenging game... LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,315460,24421284,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,KIWkOnER,Great game!
76561198171247938,Recommended,315460,15707232,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,master4gamer,A really amazing survival game that brings in concepts not really seen before!
,Recommended,315460,20864176,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ghost5452,Okay but really needs some work
76561198238564206,Recommended,315460,26426217,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ID-US | Thermal,"This game is such an amazing experiance, although i have not played much i belive it has some amazing potentional. Some may say it's a Terraria knock off but i think its something completely different and new.Some Great Things:Developer is working on multiplayer and updates frequantly.Crafting system is amazing.The art style really suits the game.The music is pretty niceThere are a range of Enemeys/BossesLots of different materials to dig and find.Some things i did not like:The recorces and ores you need to find are extremely hard to find early in game.Some enemys are way to hard to fight early on.The map is deep but not long horazontally.Overall i think this game is amazing and i recommend you buy it!"
,Recommended,315460,15316439,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lord Shaxx,"To be honest, I first saw this via gameplay posted by Chimneyswift. It looked fun, and the fact that it was so inexpensive also helped me along. For me, the fact that it is currently in early-access means I get to actually have a game from its release, and watch it grow and evolve. The game itself is one I enjoy. A lot. It is reminescent of Terraria, but it has a stronger grasp on physics. I discovered that to build a bridge across a certain chasm, I needed to have a huge support for one half, then I had to use the shotgun's recoil to jump to a small ledge on the other side, and build another oversized concrete arch. I managed to connect the two, and it didn't fall!The guns have recoil in the game, with the shotgun having the most as far as I have experienced. You can aim in the opposite direction of where you are going and pull the trigger, preferably while jumping, and you'll propel yourself across the terrain with ease. It reminds me of rocket jumping in TF2.Now, onto the enemies: they start out nice and easy, just your basic horn hounds and whatever the bee thingies are in the beginning. The bees are ranged, but the power crystals they drop are essential. You are able to craft some turrets early on, and you WILL need them when night comes. Luckily, night is rather short, but very intense. I have survived maybe seven or eight nights, and have lost an unfortunate amount of my turrets. This is due to the black variant of the bees having a long burst of stinger-plasma-bolt-thingies, each dealing 6 damage with-out armor. They melt terrain, and your defenses along with it.It all creates a unique and difficult challenge, which I quite enjoy. The music is... Incredible, to say the least, and the gameplay is addicting. I don't really know what I could recommend to be added, because I just have no idea WHAT to add. I'm a player, not a programmer. (No, not THAT kind.) So, all in all, this game has my attention, and it will keep my attention. I am eager to see how it all unfolds."
,Recommended,315460,20714491,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Niberung,This game is everything I expected Terraria and Starbound to be when I started playing them. And it's still in alpha.
76561198186122014,Recommended,315460,24429048,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Derrick,"This game is fun, but after a while you it is not as fun. I got about 5 hours of this game before I thought it was geting boring. Also I have noticed that I had been AFK on here, so the hours are not correct."
,Recommended,315460,16139951,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TrigaHappyBunny,amazing game hope they make online
,Recommended,315460,34270193,Posted: 15 August,all,ElementalNautilus,"In Early Access, the game shows plenty of promise, but it isn't that good at the moment. I recommend buying it now (god knows how the price will elevate later) and hiding it in your library until the full version comes out."
,Recommended,315460,20546146,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,kmaakmaa3,Awsome.pxp
76561198119525419,Recommended,315460,26092816,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Toxic Killer,"Super fun so far, cant wait to play it with my  friends  when multiplayer is relesed."
76561198047616155,Recommended,315460,26367651,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Liduario,"Very good game i really love it.Man, i hate those spiders!! :D"
,Recommended,315460,17272765,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bat,"wow, love this 1very goodbreak my house"
,Recommended,315460,18535220,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,JellySalt,pretygud
76561197980657873,Recommended,315460,23323733,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Wrongworld,"This is a brilliant game, the very essence of gaming, fun on fun covered with fun."
76561198271949378,Recommended,315460,24471390,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,✠Captain Fapoon✠,"This is NOT a Terraria clone! Far from it, actually.this is a starbound like game during the day, and at night it feels like a bullet hell defence game, just you're the only one shooting. There are turrets, a shotgun, a rifle (maybe? i didn't read its name.), and a machine gun. (i haven't gotten any further with weapons.) You can make things that will repair walls and turrets.There is also a semi-sarcastic AI that was being used in your ship, you can put them in a drone (i think) sometime in the middle of the game.The soundtrack is great, the controls are good, and the game feels relaxing. (at day time, anyways.)"
,Recommended,315460,15604206,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SuccMeDryPapi,Pretty nice game for it being so early in development 9/10
,Recommended,315460,15835367,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,*SoGz*Gabriel,A piece of awesomeness
,Recommended,315460,27349350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiny Gresh,Every update provides something new to explore.
,Recommended,315460,26583975,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Delrond,"I paid around £5 for this and got 48 hours of fun out of it.Great value at 10p an hour.I saw this game as I liked Terraria. However, I think this game is better for a number of reasons.1. Far less grinding - the mechanism you receive from day 1 means you are spending more time exploring...etc rather than chopping wood..etc2. More intutive. I'm not the best gamer so I spent a lot of time searching online to get somewhere with Terraria. With Dig or die everything seems to make more sense. Upgrades are obvious, as are the bosses..etc3. There is an end.For the price, I think this is one of the best value games on Steam. Its surprised me how much I got into it and how quickly.Needs way more attention."
76561198148737725,Recommended,315460,15590044,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kealau,For a indie game it takes the cake this year
,Recommended,315460,18418194,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kuro,I like this <3
,Recommended,315460,16124588,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,VahNabooty,"Haven't played much yet, but it seems great."
76561197971278672,Recommended,315460,26720063,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Snikur,This game is really addicting.
,Recommended,315460,23440754,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jsan,fun game but where is the multiplayer >:(
,Recommended,315460,20757075,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Protagonist,i died
,Recommended,315460,32957146,Posted: 28 June,all,IcyCyborg,Will you dig or die? Will you run or hide? Will you survive?
,Recommended,315460,14753580,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,hugo,"3 Seconds of rain = 12 feet of rain. 10/10 would drown again. Please dovelopers fix this, make it a bit more realistic...PLEASE."
,Recommended,315460,24533967,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DemonOHeck,...had the recipe that requires killing the red bugs to advance further.found red bugs.killed red bugs.good stuff :).....also killed a black bug that looks exactly like the red bugs but was black.*facepalm*spend the next 3 hours trying to live thru the next night of black bugs blasting thru everything i own without the upgrades i need to defend against even the lesser red bugs built yet.10/10  would die again...and again...and again...and again.......
,Recommended,315460,26513818,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lmaobit,The game itself is very well made. The realistic physics make the game both fun and difficult. Very nice!
,Recommended,315460,31464275,Posted: 30 April,all,💕TIN-CAN💕,Like the games saids Dig or Die.  If you don't dig you will die..Great game.  really like it...  10 out 10...
,Recommended,315460,20242659,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Weeaboo,I love the game it is really amazing but i have a question when or it is possible to add controller support
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,315460,29747775,Posted: 6 February,all,obstructor,"I wanted to give a positive review, but I can't recommend the game in its current state for 8 dollars.The game has a lot of potential, and I will probably reevaluate the game in the future.Pros:The idea of electricity and harnessing hydro power.Structural physics is very unique, (I wish the players reach was a little longer for this.)Cons:Everything you build either needs to be built far away from where you will be at night, or it needs expensive repair turrets.Once you build something you have to avoid visiting it as the monsters can get stuck on it and start digging it out.Killing mobs to get resources (they also don't seem to drop specific loot when attacking at night), I despised this mechanic in fortresscraft evolved and I hate it here, I don't want to go hunting.The build menu is hard to navigate, should probably take a page out of terraria and starbound and use similar menues or maybe separate into workstations.I want to build a base not a hidey hole with guns out both sides.Although the game has a plan for the future, the development is slow; I originally saw the game over a year ago figured I would pick it up before a price increase.  If anything has changed I couldn't tell.  It was originally supposed to release 2 years ago, even now the latest update on the store page is from a year ago that it will be done ""when it's done""Suggestions:Hardness values, make it so concrete can't be destroyed by the weak monsters and reinforced can't be destroyed by medium monsters and so forth.Keep polishing the game."
,Recommended,315460,20864690,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Grim,"title is misinforming, you will drown and die in any hole you plan to dig10/10 would water again"
,Recommended,315460,15459605,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,DustOfTheNorth,Good Stuff.
,Recommended,315460,14894461,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tryhardminer45,I like that this game gives the feeling of survival and allows you to play with physics. The fact that it mixes having to upkeep your base and fight. I very much Reccomend this game to all that enjoy that!
,Recommended,315460,14896157,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,fat doge,maybe i should dig myself a grave and die
,Recommended,315460,15207989,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,A Flatulant Panda,The best game I've ever spent £2 on. I dug AND DIED! 10/10 would dig & die again
,Recommended,315460,15807156,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,GAM3player1234_,"Prety cool game, not the funnest, had a few dollars left and found it. Cheap and worth it!"
,Recommended,315460,14921653,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Grewoss,Its a very nice game. :)The physics are great.a multiplayer would be amazingKeep up the good work :)i cant wait for updates :D
,Recommended,315460,15549431,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Just A Magic Bagel,"10/10Woke up,got shotgun first minutediedreloadfarmedfell into ocean pitdiedreloadgot red gemsgot machine gunforgot savediedgot it againsavedits raining tacos"
76561198036015394,Recommended,315460,15806846,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pompey_the_Powerful,10/10 water physics
,Recommended,315460,15778183,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Vegan Meat,"You thought this was a terraria clone?You're in for a suprize.Okay, thats quick. Now what this game has to offer?Lets go through together.Your main challenge is physics and rain. Physics the bane of your bridge and rain the bane of your house.Rain is short but happens often and flood your place, so be careful. this is a hard challenge to a base to not become a pool. But you can harness rain for hydrolectric power.Physics make it hard. Certain challenges, such as a ravine to get something on the other side, you need to BUILD there. good luck.Day is craft and dig.Night becomes a tower defence game.Hordes of enemies come and attack your base at night.EVERYTHING wants to kill you, day or night.This is enough.all u need to know, this game is awsoeme, despite an odd name."
76561198165354897,Recommended,315460,15901037,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,magicalhats,Pretty fun. Ive been looking for a fun steam game for awhile and looks like my search is over for the time being.
,Recommended,315460,17460025,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Galiant,"Those water effects...Best I've ever seen in a animated-style 2D game, 11/10Seriously. I'm not joking."
,Recommended,315460,18882783,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Heck Em,"The best indie game that I've ever played. This game is so addicting that I had to join my local AA group. No, seriously.From the frustratingly awesome water physics, to sniper jumping, to jetpacks all the way to subterranean seas this game has it all.The best way to spend 5$ on steam. 11/10"
,Recommended,315460,18964407,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,teag2,"I dug, but I still died. 0/10 misleading title.(seriously though this game is great)"
76561198083795321,Recommended,315460,18967485,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Redpyroangel,gg
76561198017090693,Recommended,315460,20907157,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,-Psycho-,So addictive. Too much fun!
76561198156394169,Recommended,315460,21195976,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Time to Swich it up,this is a very fun game with encrtable music and crafting aspect over all its very fun and great to play but i think it sould have a multiplayer to double the enemies that come to you and increases the night time duration.
,Recommended,315460,21372068,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sho?,I loved it when I first played it but I recenlty switched over to Mac so now I cant play it. :(
76561198034953180,Recommended,315460,24165923,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Romanski92,Awesome!
76561197962657563,Recommended,315460,25327583,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Drat,"Everything Terraria should have been!  I've been wishing for this type of game for a long time.  I love tower defense and this games nightly invasion mechanic requires you to build strategic bases to defend yourself.  There was also quite a bit of content with the game world actually being much larger than it would first seem.  It still isn't enough though.  I want a sequel where you can travel between worlds and build bases on each one. Until then I guess I'll just keep playing this on higher difficulty levels. (easy was hard enough).The only changes I would make are that the rare mineral resources and bosses should respawn in random locations once they are all depleted, so that you can build infinitely and take over the world without being in unlimited resource mode.  And the bosses should get tougher each time they respawn.  And a counter should keep track of how many times you've defeated each one.  This way you have something more to achieve once the game is complete and you want to keep playing.[EDIT] I've beaten this game on every difficulty, built a world where I supressed all lava to the very bottom of the world, built a world where I filled half the world with lava, and then just wandered around wishing there was more to do.  PLEASE, make a sequel with multiple worlds and never ending objectives so that I can keep playing this game forever!"
76561198042976404,Recommended,315460,26175211,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,max.kanel,This game is great. If you like terraria or skyforce you should try this one.
76561198094606027,Recommended,315460,30297945,Posted: 3 March,all,LtStryker,"I have to say i just started playing, but i already really like the game. The multiplayer is a nice addition to the game and the difficulties are well balanced :)"
76561198166747560,Recommended,315460,34909359,Posted: 12 September,all,bagrimm97,it is cool I got it and it was gust cool
76561198213031303,Recommended,315460,34960526,Posted: 14 September,all,spongeffect,"The multiplayer update is the best update so far, the graphics are so much better and It's more, well, fun! I don't know how long ago the multiplayer update was added due to a minor problem with my computer but I'm back and hooked to the game again. I have no idea why I decided to write this review but hey, who cares."
76561198083752778,Recommended,315460,16680831,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Silver4PlayingInGN,Good :3
76561198212834760,Recommended,315460,20053255,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,John258,my graphics are very bad for some reason
76561198048702283,Recommended,315460,21366212,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Administrador,After a couple of hours and not been a huge fan of crafting games.... this one it traped me.Waiting for all the upgrades/changes in the following releases!!
76561198197717937,Recommended,315460,21407784,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The_Pedro123,"day 1:not sure wats happening, kill stuff dig hole hide at nightday 2:lern how to craft and kill more stuff with gun, go to hole to hide but animals attac all through night.day 3:go mining and be like diggy diggy hole, then it rains and my mine floods (I ALMOST DIED) swim to top build half a base with turrets and get absolutly destroyed in the night.day 4:keep dieing and restarting at beging of day, a HARD BUT VERY VERY FUN SOLID GAME!!!!!"
,Recommended,315460,21537554,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CrackerJack,"Dig or die is essentially equivalent to tower-defense flavored Terraria having grown a pair and subsequently deciding to slap you with said pair. The game is unforgiving but it never feels like it's cheating - once you get a hang of the building and fortification dynamics you'll finally get a chance to catch your breath and go out and really explore.The environments and combat won't set any new standards but what really makes this game shine is what happens at night. Your actions during the day really influence what kind of experience you have later. Never have I played a game and debated so fiercly as to whether or not I really have to kill that black fly right now or if I should wait(this will make sense to you once you play).The game is fairly short in this early stage of development but it already feels more than worth your dollar. Go grab it, support the developer, and good luck."
,Recommended,315460,19151008,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Irish Pigeon,"It's too bad it's singleplayer but maybe you could make a multiplayer mode? + I did not know if you kill a new speices it would attack at night. I'm glad I diden't kill the black one but the orange? *sigh* It would make the game easiar if you put, ""If you kill a new speices, it will attack you at night!"" ,at the beggining of the game when you start. Oh and, is there a way to escape the planet?"
,Recommended,315460,19534922,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,diabetus,"I bought it in hopes for a fun sandbox indie game. I was wrong, i found myself bored and confused. The controls are weird. I hoped fir a terraria like game, but ill just stick to it."
,Recommended,315460,20838512,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,poptluka,I dug then i Died so why does is say dig OR die
76561198182947834,Recommended,315460,21490839,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemur,This is a really funa and awsome game espically for Early access I Most Definatlly recomend it!
76561198217170497,Recommended,315460,25701733,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,nzmanpanda,i love everything about this game but i am sad theres no multuplayer
,Recommended,315460,26035829,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,CReactor,"Even though still early access, this is the best 2D survival game I have ever played."
,Recommended,315460,16067684,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SirGuySW,"9/10 Great 2D physics sandbox. Some areas could use touching up (graphics, sound). Developer has indicated intent to improve. Game is still early access and has awesome potential. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. :)"
76561198156517718,Recommended,315460,27210618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cbolt64,"This is a very fun survival and base defense game. It's a little bit light on content now, but that is to be expected from a game in early access."
76561198089621246,Recommended,315460,28456771,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,secondwatcher,"Excellent game, especially for the price.  To be early access, I can't really tell.. yet, anyway... and that's with 21 hours logged so far.  If you like the genre, you will enjoy this.  My only negative would be the music; it just doesn't seem to mesh with the game/ambience.  However, I just turn it off and problem solved."
76561198204869264,Recommended,315460,32371303,Posted: 12 June,all,TheEpicDuck,great game cant wait for MP love it so much i cant stop playing it
,Recommended,315460,33616411,Posted: 17 July,all,Kortak,Game is very fun..I played it COOP and had a blast..Trying it now on Hard difficulty..This is worth its money.. Think Terraria but then survival craft base building with Water Management for power and Gravity for building stuffThe monsters come at Night..You can set different parameters in a lua file for example Day lenght..Night lenght.. Hp monsters and players..respawns rates etc..great stuff ..everytime you think you conquered the game you can dig deeper and find new stuff...9and downt forget the skies..build and fly upwards too to find different things for crafting
,Recommended,315460,33754294,Posted: 23 July,all,CloakedStar,Great game.
,Recommended,315460,16427639,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Alcatraz,"It is a lot like terraria but it has an ending. honostly worth the (current as of june 2015) $2.99. some suggestions are less rain, farming, multiplayer co-op, mini map/ with compass, spike traps, storage devices, conveyer belts that move dropped items to a chest, lastly sprinting.but still as of version 0.06 still worth."
76561198121776579,Recommended,315460,16801198,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Eric.hernandez,auwsome game cheap and challenging on easy difficaulty
76561198014033374,Recommended,315460,17944580,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,m2ark,"36 hours in three days.Well designed and implemented and very stable--v0.11.  Small download, large value.After I took the name of the game seriously and survived my first week it became even more fun.  Now I've started building larger projects.   Not because I have too, it's just fun.It never fails, I'm mining the last minerals I need for a project, well away from base, then music changes to nighttime theme....run.  They're coming.   Luckily the game auto-saves at daybreak."
,Recommended,315460,18268682,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"This game has alot of potential.  It's alot like Craft the World where you craft things you need from resources you find in the surrounding environment. It is in early development, that being said it is good for the stage that it is in. The User interface is not very fluid at the moment of this review. It hard to deterrmine what you have and what builds what and where to find what you need. It's not easy to figure out what everything is and what makes what and building a base is confusing at the moment. I built a couple of turrets to guard from the monsters at night and explored quite a bit, playing it on normal. I played for around 30 minutes before I got a tad frustrated in what exactly I needed to do to start building my base and wall placement for it is sorta confusing and I did not see a door i could place amongst my walls to build my base. Terraforming is kinda hard to do and clunky atm. I see much potential though and will keep an eye on this title from time to time to see if it gets better. For now I will give the game a 6/10 because it is cheap and it is fun if you want to muddle through for a few hours dying over and over again and trying to get the materials you need to build things you need etc.On a side note to all developers that use the word share in their reason for having a early release, if you are charging money for the game you are ""sharing"" then I think the proper word is SELL the game not share it."
,Recommended,315460,18312705,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Carson ._.,Amazing game but I still have lots to learn about it.
,Recommended,315460,20056677,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,david,This game is amazing i just wish multiplayer was added wich would give me the choice to play with my friends.
,Recommended,315460,22441405,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,CP_Deadly,I did a video reviewhttps://youtu.be/xrk3eJv6-Wc
,Recommended,315460,22703092,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kyro,Fun
,Recommended,315460,17696764,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Supupoppopupoppopowop,"Dig and Die, and Die some more...."
,Recommended,315460,18260817,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Shifu,"A game that is extremely fun but please add the following:-Multiplayer-More defenses-More items-More Variety-More moresIf you add multiplayer that will be awesome. Try to add it as soon as possible, because everything is better with a friend."
76561197988789541,Recommended,315460,16007022,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CrazyCanadian,"Terraria meets tower defence.not a whole bunch of substance yet but the game is refreshing and fun.. any animal you kill when your out in day, will attack at night.. so while your out you kill a spiky monster thing (names non existant), that night the entire species attacks.. on normal mode this can build up very fast and you can very quickly be overran.lot of fun, had a few nights of fun. so very cheap (at time of review $3.99). and not even version 0.1 yet... good potential."
76561198078633225,Recommended,315460,24975227,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,C0mbustible Cark,Flew into space under Satan's Heat Resistant flesh.10/10 IGN
76561198045071248,Recommended,315460,29273787,Posted: 15 January,all,King of the Norff,BUY IT !Warning - the game is challenging and yet addictive...BUY IT !
,Recommended,315460,33511699,Posted: 13 July,all,CoreZone,Обичам шибания си животuse google translate
76561198128668726,Recommended,315460,33554468,Posted: 15 July,all,Big Ounce: pro street nigga,amazing game once finished i believe it will be up there with terraria
,Recommended,315460,21046867,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MrJoshua,"Tons of fun.  Enjoyed beating this game, only wish it had co-op!"
76561198042300212,Recommended,315460,21087812,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ClosedFists,"Hours of fun, creative and challenging gameplay is waiting for you..."
,Recommended,315460,21305514,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,konkey dong,-starts game-builds base-kills monsters-becomes night-dies-respawn-enter bottom of world-kill boss-enter top of world-kill boss-builds rocket-flyes rocket into sky rock-dies-respawns10/10 woul do again
76561198239704430,Recommended,315460,26109360,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,keenangrauberger,"Great game, i just wish i could beat it. Also wish i was more createive lol"
76561198279204267,Recommended,315460,26394588,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,nathanharrison741 | trade.tf,"add creative gamemode, where you can do anyone, unlimited everything! flying! mob spawning! etc!and at first, i didnt like the game, i didnt play it for a long time... and i liked the game, so lucky i didnt refund it xD i recommend this game!!The Developer Commented on this review!!!"
76561198248652096,Recommended,315460,26510355,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Crimson Eclipse,"You should check this game out. I think it's fun if you like challenge, science fiction and survival. And even though I think it took inspiration from terraria I don't think it's a rip-off."
,Recommended,315460,16369721,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,n o i r e。,Die or DieThe difficulty of this game makes me want to dig a hole through my head so I can die too. gitgud/10
,Recommended,315460,16737751,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,STAN,I really enjoy it.Amazing10/10worth it
,Not Recommended,315460,34893592,Posted: 11 September,all,Skyrk,"I tried to like this game, I really did. It has the same feel as Terraria, and nice mechanics for night time. But the game progression is badly balanced. The first couple evolutions of the item creator progressed in a timely manner, didn't felt like grinding. But after that, I literally spent an hour, maybe more, to dig two spots of gold. Not fun at all.Dig or die would be great if game progression was better balanced."
,Recommended,315460,17317707,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Choco.Cheese,"Simply enjoyable 2d game.I havent played terraria or starbound or other. So i wont compare those game to this one. Lol.So, here is what I feel about this.(+)Simple gameplay, but have a potential to be more complicated, as it is still on early access.Nice combination of survival, building, and tower defense.Challenging monster combat, depending on difficulty.water, is one of the unique element of the game.Friendly developer, seriously.(-)Water could be dangerous, somewhat its always flooding the caves.Some minerals REALLY rare,But, as its still on early access, so this game have a really big potential to become better, and bigger. Nicely developed by a nice developer, seriously, he helps a lot at the forum ;)"
,Recommended,315460,18049568,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Huevote_,"Very good game got it at launch,was a blast."
76561198114239274,Recommended,315460,18177400,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Clarabella,"I wasn't expecting as much from this when I bought it, but I've spent longer playing it than I'd care to admit. Definitely give it a shot, since I've started playing it's only gotten better.Simple to pick up but it comes with its challenges, and the game forces you to explore (if you want to progress). Always something new around each corner and it's very addicting."
76561197978130221,Recommended,315460,21536562,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rebmes,"After about 2 hours, I started wondering whether this was getting tedious. Then, I made it back to base, and realized that I was just starting to scratch the surface of what was available to me in this game.I know my second playthrough, once I finish the first, will be even better.The main complaints I've read are1) about the water, which is one of the coolest things about this game!!!and 2) not enough content (somewhat true)There are solar panels, and a whole electrical system - I feel like I'm in FTB Minecraft all over again, but without all the decorative crap, and with more enemies and challenge.This game is a fair bit like Terraria, but doesn't feel quite as linear; I don't have to jump through the same kinds of hoops to advance. E.g. Right now I'm terraforming the area around my base to accomodate for some good hydro-electric power. I have no clue what I'm doing, but it's been intuitive so far, I have a lot of tools at my disposal, and IT'S SUPER FUN!!edit: 5 hours in, I've beat the boss, and there's nothing left to do but gather a few parts to complete my rocket and win the game. It's early access, so a dry ending was to be expected! I can't wait for 0.2 to come out so I can have more stuff to do in the game :DTLDR totally worth the time and money, lots of fun, although a little shallow, at the moment of course (v0.1)"
,Recommended,315460,21702027,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,facebooklee,very nice to play and totally worth the $5.50 but multiplayer should be added to make the game more fun.hope to see more improvements!!!
76561198009625136,Recommended,315460,22207446,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Definitely Not Jacket,"Overall pretty good. At the beginning it's pretty easy, but then it gets more difficult. It's kind of like Terraria with a mix of Sci-Fi, to the point where you end up with hundreds of turrets, guns and enemies. I suggest beginners start with easy difficulty, instead of normal or hard, as without enough experience it's almost impossible to live on normal difficulty... Trust me, I've experienced this myself.The only downside that I've noticed is that it doesn't have a multiplayer mode yet."
,Recommended,315460,22341814,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hedron,This game was fun for me. I thought it was great but I haven't played much because I accidently bought it and I didnt have the skills or knowledge to play it.COOKIE
,Recommended,315460,23076411,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,John Skywalker♏♏♏,>11 am i should sleep>eh a little more Dig or Die>2 am fml...This game is one of the best time waster
,Recommended,315460,23446740,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Swag -iwnl-,sure it may take more than a few attempts to get a solid base goin.But when you do it is the most satisfying thing ever.overall this game is great
,Recommended,315460,24788862,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,pr3slaff,"Awesome game, looking forward to see improvements and mainly the Co-op mode."
,Recommended,315460,25022353,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,小学生H6,这是 来自新手的评论，只能说他妈的铝在哪里挖，挖的太深来不及在晚上之前回去，一到晚上就被艹
76561198101171076,Recommended,315460,25326961,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,tot18,"lovely hardcor gam with great soundtrack. love the idea, thought iv you're reading and maybe even thinking about getting the game, DO NOT kill a boss before the game tells you to. Devs... please fix that"
,Recommended,315460,26583773,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PolarPaul,Tjis game is great holds a lot of pliaytime and is worth the money. The developer is also a really nice person.
76561198028101712,Recommended,315460,26934019,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"the game is great , ive been around since it was EA and its still a good game , just wish there was more lol"
76561198191222403,Recommended,315460,16638116,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Slim Jesus Dad,Its ok
,Recommended,315460,16666616,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,alcon678 hellcase.com,Promising game
76561198063190790,Recommended,315460,17975469,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Coolzcat,very good game and conccept. It is similar to other games i like but with a awesome twist to it
,Recommended,315460,17977331,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Izatiis,"Started playing, looked at clock, 5 hours later.Built base, placed defences, harvested resources, gibbed mosnters.Died many times.10/10 would jump to my death in a chasm again."
76561198063326433,Recommended,315460,18050044,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[BackStab] Mullets,Pour 5$ sa vaut vraiment la peine :) Thumbs up!!! 15h played.
,Recommended,315460,19760272,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lennox,It's really good!
,Recommended,315460,19834144,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bada Bing,"I found the game to have a great concept but was shown badly, The physics in it is very hard to figure out but can be used very well if lightened up a tad bit. Over all 6/10"
,Recommended,315460,34646290,Posted: 31 August,all,Osias101,This Game Is very fun to play in my free time when I am done with school.
,Recommended,315460,16057055,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,r4ts,It's an amazing game. The thing is when you see it you think ohh it's just a Terraria clone but NO this is very diffrent in the games mechanics and gameplay. Basiclly the principle is that when it becomes night it comes a huge wave of monsters to your house (kinda like Terraria) and you can make turrets and build in special ways to make it so you can kinda automate things and that's why i love it to bits. The games graphics is Ok but i know they are working on it cause the dev is hiring a modeler or painter or whatever it's called. But i shold tell you to get this gameNOWcause it's wort itNOWso yeahOverall great gameNOW... :D
,Recommended,315460,16077708,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zanphear,"Amazing game!,, Very addictive!. Think ""Don't starve"" minus annoying bag space and added ability to save. I love it and it isn't even finished."
76561197982626136,Recommended,315460,34580538,Posted: 29 August,all,Sam,"This game is simply amazing, 10$ for 40hrs of pure fun, well invested."
76561198170183582,Recommended,315460,18347809,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,VaultScavenger,"Good game. I love the cocept, story (because i like alien stuff so im a littele bias) but it could use improvements. For ex,  I  cannot build sideways to build a bridge. I understand why its like this, but as time goes on you can get bored of it qiuckley. I also would LOVE it if you could build like, a robot. Like, it would patroll an area within a certain amount of blocks, or if you could get a pet like in terraria. I understand it is hard to make a game, but this gets old fast. It does have replayability, but could definantly use some improvements. I also wish doors where a thing, like they would block some water or at least delay it before it floods the location. It is worth buying at its current state, but I want it to have a buldable community like terraria, wich is what i loved most about the game. Hope my looooong opinion helped, please let me know if I was being stupid or said something that is already there and I just havent realized."
76561198208092901,Recommended,315460,19224545,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,MaxedOutGaming7,Make the game longer like u leave but then u crash with another person then land on a diferent planet. But your friend (person you crashed with) is like an average player like as if he was another player in the world. THAT would be SOOOOOOOOO FUN!... Please to dit ;-;.
,Recommended,315460,21010811,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thorsæææn \_(ツ)_/,"Awesome games! Wonderfull graphics and hard asf when going on hard difficult.. Can`t wait untill you get the beta out! I will enjoy so much more, and i hope you can add some more items, walls, turrets, building stuff and maybe a bit larger map? (sideways) and maybe some more monsters? But so far so ♥♥♥♥ing good! It`s the best indie game i ever playd, keep upp the good work, lots of love from Norway!"
76561198055071098,Recommended,315460,21744933,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,tomfenn05,"awesome game, amazing soundtrack and hard is actually hard!completely playable now yet more layers can yet be added effectively"
,Recommended,315460,22760255,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,miister-spiice,This is a great game where you can collect pretty much anything around you.ie.soil/plantlife etc. You will be attacked by the indigenous animals but they drop useful crafting material to add to the other materials you coilect. You can construct weapons and bases to fend off the animals. A highly recommended indie sandbox !
,Recommended,315460,24008992,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,1-UP Mushroom (Poophead182),Me: loads worldgame: HELLA WATERme: 10/10
76561198064318753,Recommended,315460,26610852,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jsteel,"This was a very fun, interesting and kinda relaxing game. The music and atmosphere when you play is just wounderful and while playing I always wanted to keep playing because I wanted to get off this planet. I took a couple days on normal level but I was final able to beat it and it was very fun. I would recomend when on sale."
76561198067211741,Recommended,315460,29842809,Posted: 11 February,all,Kid Dangerously,"Absolutely amazing game. 11/10 would recommend. Seriously, try it. Stop reading and buy it. why are you still reading this. i promise you'll enjoy the game. nice crafting system, linear character progression without the boredom of a ""linear"" game. tricky and difficult enough to be rewarding without driving you insane. but really, enough talk, buy the game, no more reviews. definitely. buy it."
76561198062816978,Recommended,315460,31741973,Posted: 14 May,all,Spooky Ninja,"Honestly, I dont understand where the hate is really coming from, this game is fluid and over-all really nice! I cant call it simplistic as its involved with physics and what not, which by the way is really challenging to handle! (But its awesome :3) And further more, in the 0.3 update they're going to add more penalties for when you die! And the old system isnt bad either, its basically telling you to realize this game is hard, and unforgiving about your decisions, so be careful! I haven't even really gotten past this game (Waiting for the multiplayer :D) but I might soon! I bet it's fun with friends, and or alone!"
76561198023255870,Recommended,315460,19999382,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Swiftster,"Fought off planet's entire population of wildlifeWorked through long build chain of build X to build YBuilt an entire armory of weaponsBesieged nightly by entire damn planetExplored to the highest floating island to the lowest crystal anthiveFinally built escape rocket.Smashed into the bottom of floating island, instantly killed.11/10 would die horribly by own hand again."
76561198045822396,Recommended,315460,22949721,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mainowner,"I loved how there was just a plethera of things to craft and actually build structurally. Getting the required items from this game is quite challenging but after you make a strategic plan on how to get the items it litterally becomes easier, but yet gameplay gets more harder to survive."
76561198112410528,Recommended,315460,30738581,Posted: 25 March,all,ZOOBOO,You have crash landed on a planet where it rains so much it makes the amazon look like a desert and where bees are the size of dogs and shoot lasers. 7/10
76561198079588027,Recommended,315460,15655472,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,JarJarBoinks,"Well, well well what do we have here?A Rare Gem ladies and Gentlemen!I am amazed at the price of this game, it is absolutly fantastic! This game is compared with terraria but to be honest, i never liked that game but with Dig or Die i cant stop playing it!The resources are hard to find but rewarding, the construction and crafting of objects can be done by monkeys and the various amounts of enemies make this game fun, enjoyable and worth the £1.99 i spent. 100/100"
,Recommended,315460,18006304,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ornjlightning,Loved it!Great game and very hard as well.I like the guns and hate the enemies :).I also think that it could be fun with multiplayer as well.
76561198026550422,Recommended,315460,18037711,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DrunkViking,"Your character jumps like Mega Man, what could possibly go wrong. =)"
76561198208096127,Recommended,315460,19261444,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Thanks,Great game! will get better over time
,Recommended,315460,20573299,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,c0dyb,"i got about 2 hours in and lost interest but its a very interesting concept and not too expensive, im interested to see what updates bring"
76561198124109381,Recommended,315460,21470821,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,LittleDeerTears,"Incredible gameplay, worth $5 any day of the week."
76561198245646840,Recommended,315460,22064153,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,crazycraft54,when i first got in i listned to the music for a couple of minutes 10/10 would do it again
76561198094723475,Recommended,315460,16088611,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,treearcher100,Amazing game that will be even better when it's finished
,Recommended,315460,17952074,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TwitchTVGonkGonk,"Excellent Game, even better than Terraria i highly recommend this game it has brought me enjoyment and will continue too. 10/10"
,Recommended,315460,18014413,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Frankie,"Ill start off by saying, that this game is addictive and tons of fun to play.when i first bought this game, i was reluctant to label this game as another ""Terraria Rip-off""this game has amazing game designs, wonderful art desgins in the backround and the blocks beneath/above you.i love the physics element to this game, its so realistic. at first when i bought this game, i merely thought i coud conqour this game with my knowledge of terraria (220 hrs+) and my knowledge of minecraft with uncountable hours in the game.but i was so wrong.  the way to A.I of these monsters is dazzling. when i first survived the night with atleast 7-8 turrets around me, i was so overjoyed!the building mechanics is a real nessessity in this game, and id recommend it to anyone who loves sandbox survival games   10/10 - WelshGamer"
76561198147351071,Recommended,315460,19004313,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,UDONTKNOWMYLIFE,To get to the red sand you (well i have to get a cross a 20x500 block gap fix or this game is rated as s*%#
76561198151002884,Recommended,315460,19444163,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Perimetro,"i like very much this game, but i like more if you implements the multiplayer"
76561198101186124,Recommended,315460,22205262,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,"Practicly a mix of Minecraft and Terraria, with, SPAEC involved."
,Recommended,315460,26078051,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ry8472626,love this game!  just wish it was bigger
,Recommended,315460,27102531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fbidos : why?,"Its a fun challenge, cant wait for multiplayer"
76561198100602814,Recommended,315460,31795949,Posted: 16 May,all,tarnished_star,a awesome game still needs work but still
76561198069529069,Recommended,315460,15961553,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hash Brown King,Tries to build a house for the first time and then it gets flooded. I now understand the reviews I read before buying.10/10 would swim again
,Recommended,315460,16047927,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SamuraiBrack,"100% satisfied with this game!As a fan of the builder/sandbox genre, I did not anticipate this game to offer much - let alone being in early access. The implementation of physics in game play has changed the way I look at the genre.The developer has a clear passion on QUALITY and CONTENT over making a quick buck. Only but a quick glance at the discussion boards shows the developer is involved with the community, is open and willing to consider suggestions or feedback, and wants players to have the most fun out of the loose change spent on this fantastic product.So if you have a few spare bucks - pick up this game. Although in Early Access, Dig or Die provides a great deal of enjoyment."
,Recommended,315460,18263156,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jack960913,great game cant wait to see what the future holds for it
,Recommended,315460,18271744,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheDabbath,DO IT
76561198258311324,Recommended,315460,20530369,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,scorpiontouch12,SO FLIPPING AWESOME THIS MAY BE MY NEW TERARRIA [GOT TO DEMONIC TERRARIA DID] but9999999999\100problably9
76561198055962169,Recommended,315460,26892994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CosmicGaming,very fun very cool 2k16
76561198059027721,Recommended,315460,32790271,Posted: 25 June,all,C4 Strapped Pengiun,its a good game
76561198047186521,Recommended,315460,16088752,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Volpi,"I died.Then I made a modest home to spend the night in, since it's dangerous outside. They destroyed my house and I died. I made a bunker, surrounded by 2 meters concrete on each side. It rained and the bunker was flooded, I had to leave and I died. Then I made a bunker with a sewer system. Turns out they were still around even by daylight. I had to choose between dying or clinging to every second of life while they restlessly bashed on the concrete. I died. But then I made a fort with tall walls, a tight sewer and a ton of mounted guns. The night was fierce with fighting and they managed to take down one of my walls, but it lasted just enough to bring me the joy of seeing another day. They say there's plants that will help me get technology for better building materials to the west. I couldn't manage to build an entire bridge across the chasm because the materials were so close to giving, but I think with the right push I might make it across in a jump, taking a one way trip, at least for now, to never before explored lands. Maybe with that technology I'll be able to reach the floating islands that seem so much safer, and finally sleep well. Wish me luck."
,Recommended,315460,18096387,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lit,"Very rare to see an early access that can still be called a working game. No bugs so far, dev promises an end game but I have'nt played long enough to achieve this. It is pretty difficult, but you can save anytime. There is some trial and error gameplay using saves, ex: try to find the mineral to unlock next set of stuff and die, or try to build base up using gravity system and it all collapses, or build underground and the whole thing gets flooded. The biggest innovation with this versus anyother sidescroller exploration is the realistic water. Its a very wet planet and when it rains the water level rises, then seeps away. There is gravity controlling the water, if you dig down through a flooded tunnel into a dry one, all the water will drain into that one basically. A very interesting and fresh puzzle aspect to the survival/exporation theme.I never get into early acess games because they usually are pipe dream half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and never get finished. This one is worth the 5 bucks because it is a complete game (as in it works top to bottom compared to others) just needs more content. Very good execution of early access, reminds me of Killing Floor 2's early access: it was a working game will very little content, devs adding on and balancing going forward."
,Recommended,315460,21208777,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,oreo_fritzey,"I personally dislike the game right now, however to me this feels like a game that if I waited would get better I waited. so I would recomend the game however I will likely wait until the 1.0 version or close to 1.0 before I play this again"
,Recommended,315460,21306779,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,GGG KILLER,"Really good game, spent the first 15 hours after I bought it playing it, the structural integrity really adds a challenge to survival and the schematics of night attacks and taking care of which species you mess with makes the game really interesting and fun to play."
,Recommended,315460,29493670,Posted: 25 January,all,kingcrab_17,"Very well made and developed game so far, physics are a B though, but that just adds to the fun! Hope to see even more done with it!"
,Recommended,315460,30603935,Posted: 18 March,all,MyNameIsCalebMC,"Good game. Many bugs. First, it should be able to save whenever you quit the game or exit a world (automatically). But, one good side is that it doesn't require a beast PC, or even a dedicated GPU. I'm on my notebook laptop with Intel HD Graphics and it runs somewhat smoothly. Not 60 FPS but it's never the less playable. And the physics seperates it from its brother-like, Terraria. Can't wait to see futher content. I'll rate 9/10 steel beams. :)"
,Recommended,315460,30692399,Posted: 23 March,all,Lokirio,"A cute little game, it really makes you think. You wanna build a bridge? Well, work hard, and with determination (and steam guides) you win! It really gives a more alive feel, since if you kill 1 creature the whole race attacks, making the struggle to stay advanced, and keep your automated defense viable, that much more fun. So engaging! I can invest a solid 10 hours a day, and still would not be bored. Hey, thats not a bad idea! Bye, social life!"
76561198115071900,Recommended,315460,17941786,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Aswalsh,the game is amazing the fisrt couple of minutes i got right in and died from a firefly thing. its worth buying at this low of a price the one thing i hope they can add is multiplayer i would love for me and my friends to play this game together
,Recommended,315460,18063576,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ccstewy9000,"Dev is right, Dig and Die is the real name for this game. Being real though, this is probably one of the best indie games i've ever played"
,Not Recommended,315460,25851486,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Anori,Great potential.  But I cannot recommend it in its current state.  The most frustrating part right now is how difficult it is to built lamps in order to see.  It discourages digging down and exploring.
,Recommended,315460,26322914,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ZombieTeam67,Now i love this game but there are four things you need to know about it.The main thing this game needs is more monsters or vartions of creatures.Second is that there needs to be more to find and craft.Third is that it kinda feels lonely after a while of playing.Fourth is that it needs multiplayer.Just to let you know its still a really good game with differnt biomes underground cool bosses and good crafting.10/10
,Recommended,315460,28330815,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mr Derpy Doofus,i wish there were more updates frequently i mean it hasent had a big one in a long time but giid game
,Recommended,315460,16631619,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,iNol iGunggung,"You walk and jump like classic Megaman, literally. 11/10"
76561198122234638,Recommended,315460,18096405,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,fuzzyers,Great game the challenge factor is high tho
,Recommended,315460,18179017,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gomez,"At this stage of development the game is pretty mature and really fun, especially if you like digging for resources types of games.  In a perfect world this would be on my 3DS."
76561198131281780,Recommended,315460,18219221,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,manicminemuncher,"Definitley reccomended because of the latest update which completely changes the game for the better. I love the exploration and the physics of this game. Great crafting system and monsters, i like how the nights get harder as you go along."
76561198124421899,Recommended,315460,30154299,Posted: 24 February,all,when you finna nut,this is an amazing game. devs can you please release an OST DLC?
,Recommended,315460,31567766,Posted: 5 May,all,MoreAwpsPlease,"Fun, But there is currently no multiplayer, even tho it promised it. ="
,Recommended,315460,20007230,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,badders1977,"Fantastic game (so far!), the progression is steady yet challenging, if you want it to be.  45 hours this took me to finish, but I'm fairly certain it can be done much quicker; the playability made me want to postpone the ending for as long as possible.  Bravo Gaddy, bravo."
76561197974821283,Recommended,315460,23485541,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,mb1,asdfasfasf
76561198202273631,Recommended,315460,23815077,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gnarmaw,This game has potential and since it is in early access I really hope that developers will add more stuff soon.
,Recommended,315460,26997216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AndonPickles,Ive only got five hours but i enjoyed all of them
76561198195918070,Recommended,315460,29733368,Posted: 5 February,all,an actual koala,"wow. just wow.this game is  a near-perfectly crafted survival game that punishes you for not following physics or realism.super challenging game that has plently of replayability and its STILL in early access, so well see a whole lot more content sometime. 9/10 amazing game"
,Recommended,315460,34407824,Posted: 21 August,all,Dots321,its good
76561197999752852,Recommended,315460,29791656,Posted: 8 February,all,Tylerphx,"Absolutely love this game, definitely worth it. Only thing that sucks is my save file is now unusuable because he updated the game, and I can't find any way to go back. I lost everything :/"
76561197967450320,Not Recommended,315460,22174943,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Abekongen,"This is essentially a Terraria clone with larger blocks and more water and electricity. It's not bad, and I really love the basic story about crashlanding on a planet and trying to escape it by ultimately building a new space craft. What I don't like is that the game is not very good at following through on that story. The worst are the creatures. They are highly unoriginal, and the AI is just plain dull. I would expect to find aliens, from weird little blobs (they even have those in Terraria) to dino-inspired terrifying bone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Instead I get... yes, it's true: bees, bats and dogs! And what is it about creatures from all biotopes suddenly narrowing down on you at night (after you attacked them just once)? No matter if you're deep, deep underground or high, high up on a mountain, they all gather just outside the screen boundary to start their relentless onslaught. The fact that even the aforementioned bees, bats and dogs can easily tear down your hard-earned reinforced steel blocks, is just another example of how this games needs more consistency to be taken seriously. It's a treat to build a secure base. It's just so much more annoying to see it fall apart every night. Why bother?"
76561198156360907,Recommended,315460,14768075,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DolphinFist,9/10 I just love games like this. If you love terraria and games like Baloons Tower defence then this is your game.
76561197988967337,Recommended,315460,14743656,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[CPC] Norzen,"Everything was fine until the AI spaceship told me to explore the world further.That was a quick one-way trip, thanks buddy ツ"
,Recommended,315460,14750084,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,emp456,"1-English version.2-Versión en español.1--English version:I still need to try this more, but for now this game is good and very well polished.In my opinion, needs some balance with a few things (rain, filtrations, water floods) and an option to customize keys. Those 2 asap before adding more content.Also, i miss a lot the possibility to use the dirt, rocks, etc you mine. All raw material, once obtained, cannot be used until converted to something. As this is a game where mobs are constantly shooting and breaking all materials and since you need also to dig and mine, this means that your base floor, favourite cave for spelunking and finally all your world, will be like a emmental cheese.Adding the huge quantity of rain and the fact that all that you build and all those holes i was talking about flood in a mere seconds, this means you will end diving across an emmental flooded world.Despite that, which i think is just a question of balancing water and filtrations, the game is very solid already. The movement is fluid and very well done and you can craft a good bunch of things: building materials, machinery, guns, armor, turrets for defense...I'm eager to see more, so i will update this first opinion after testing a bit more.Oh, i forgot, and it's so cheap that will be almost a crime not to support the developer.2---Versión español:Todavía necesito probarlo más, pero por ahora el juego está muy chulo y muy bien afinado.En mi opinión, necesita equilibrar algunas cosillas (la lluvia, filtraciones de agua, inundaciones...) y una opción para personalizar los botones. Ambas cosas lo más rápido posible, incluso antes de meter más contenido.También echo en falta la posibilidad de utilizar los bloques de tierra, rocas, etc que minas. No se puede usar ningún material en crudo si no se transforma primero en otra cosa. Como en este juego los enemigos están continuamente disparando y cargándose todo y como, obviamente, necesitas minar y cavar, esto significa que el suelo de tu base, tu cueva favorita para explorar y, en definitiva, todo tu mundo acabará pareciendo un queso emmental.Si añadimos la enorme cantidad de lluvia que cae y el hecho de que todo lo que edifiques y todos esos agujeros que mencionaba se inundan en apenas unos segundos, ello supone que acabarás buceando a través de un mundo como un queso emmental inundado.A pesar de ello, que creo que es tan sólo una cuestión de equilibrar el tema del agua y las filtraciones, el juego es muy sólido en el estado actual. El movimiento es fluído y muy bien ejecutado y puedes fabricar una buena cantidad de cosas: bloques para construcción, maquinaria, armas, armaduras, torretas para la defensa...Estoy ansioso por ver más, así que actualizaré esta primera opinión en cuanto lo pruebe un poco más.Ah!, se me olvidaba, encima el juego es tan barato que sería casi un delito no apoyar al desarrollador."
,Recommended,315460,27605756,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rain,Waiting just for multiplayer.
,Recommended,315460,14769040,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Danimal_McFlurry,"There is a lot to like in this game. It's sort of a fresh new theme, based of off ideas from the games we all love, Terraria, Starbound, and Minecraft. There are certain game mechanics, that can be easily fixed, that sort of make you have to think and be aware more. It's a decent game for the price it currently is, 3$."
,Recommended,315460,14749528,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ViindeX,"Alright, so I bought this game because I had spare money and being a brand new game it caught my eye.Dig Or Die is a fun game but with the typical issues of an Early Access game.Ups:+ The controls feel nice+ Artstyle is coolDowns:- The difficulty gap between zones is devastating.- The nights are impossible, and i mean impossible once you provoque what I'd consider ""Level 2"" monsters.- Water system gets extremely annoying.So for now I'd say please nerf those damn blue wasps, nerf the spawn rate of monsters during the night, nerf the ""provoque"" system, and please slow down the rate at which water accumulates with rain its ridiculous hahahaha.The game is nice and it's definitely worth the price, it will go up, so buy it now and support the developers, this game is a solid gem!"
,Recommended,315460,20987329,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nobody | Killer,Sitting here waiting for V0.2
76561198302700226,Recommended,315460,31942476,Posted: 24 May,all,TheOneTheOnly,I would HIGHLY Recomend this game there is alot of things you can do and just a good time waster if you like terraria or starbound get this puppy right here!
,Recommended,315460,30434713,Posted: 10 March,all,a3ology,Great game! Only problem is where the water goes ;~;
76561198115400084,Recommended,315460,32669740,Posted: 23 June,all,stani1502,Would buy 420/69 times. It's good. Very GOOD
76561198088417099,Recommended,315460,28213931,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Hoobert Skoobert,This game has turned me into a master engineer
76561198193952698,Recommended,315460,28691129,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheOnlyJacky,Add multiplayer
,Recommended,315460,29211558,Posted: 12 January,all,Duck/Person/Gamer,10/10
76561198261066527,Recommended,315460,21832701,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),very good game it would be nice to have some kind of lift and maybe diamonds and cystrals have purity so they ar emore powerful but excellent game very hard very funn love the new update
,Recommended,315460,31673884,Posted: 10 May,all,XxzetagamerxX698,u need to add DLC's like a Jetpack or a minigun but still the game is very fun. :)
76561198114673069,Recommended,315460,32634991,Posted: 21 June,all,Trench Hemoglobin,fell into cavetried to survivedidn't survivemade same make about 20 more timesget really angryuninstall10/10 pretty good game
76561198063274577,Recommended,315460,32180773,Posted: 4 June,all,a7xshadows_gates,I love this game. It is a great strategy/survival game. I think that it is a better concept for a game than Terraria. The only thing the Terraria has over this is that Terraria has controller support. I have a hard time using the mouse to navigate through the world. Please please please add controller support. If you need help adding controller support please don't hesitate to reach out to me. I am a developer and would love to help out. Thanks.
76561198137853663,Recommended,315460,15869696,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Rob,if they could add a multiplayer to this :D
76561198108773818,Recommended,315460,18885838,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Smaug_Is_Death,"After just one hour into the game, I already love it. This game is amazing for just early access and will be even better in the upcoming updates. The building idea is very unique and it so much fun, If your like me and dont plan ahead, Prepare to be killed by water more than a few time.If you ever laughed at those people playing building sims... prepare to get your a** handed to you. It took me around thirty minutes to build a stable bridge, 10/10 would make bridge again.And if you ever wondered how those protagonists in Minecraft and Terria held everything in their pocket, then your outta luck with those topics.This game manages to explain how the main character can do it (through a shrink ray) Dig or Die-1 Minecraft/Terria-0P.S dear developer, This game needs a muiltiplayer!"
76561198178215469,Recommended,315460,29545009,Posted: 28 January,all,MarvinTMB,"Great Deffence/Adventure game, much like terraria but with intresting graphics. Deffo give it a try, with only 4 dollars out of your wallet, there isnt much to loose even if you dont like it., and it is really fun to play with a friend"
,Recommended,315460,17912379,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Adis,Hoenestly this is one of my favorite games there are a few minor bugs but all around it is fun and I recomend that try the game
76561198246779586,Recommended,315460,27106441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jasonzostov3,Great game!!
,Recommended,315460,34516080,Posted: 26 August,all,Googlecoke,I like it a lot
76561198099216460,Recommended,315460,16210811,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Newbiticus,Buy or Die!
76561198126633379,Recommended,315460,17915928,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Doru991,7/10 Too much Water
,Recommended,315460,29575924,Posted: 29 January,all,Frogting,I love this game. I reccomend this to anything. First of all this is not like Terraria or Starbound This is way different.Power is not unlimited if you use water to power your base it is not unlimited it is limited to the amount of water in your dam.Pros: Fun game to playNo random fps dropsWide variety of weapons and turrets (For the stage its in)Makes it hard to buildCons:Way to hard at timesToo shortBoring at the end grinding for the rocket
76561198099478839,Recommended,315460,22611798,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,zhou1997,interesting
76561198262601941,Recommended,315460,26196528,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mauijackson,Addicting. You have to get past the first few nights. Once you start upgrading you will be hooked. Great Game!
,Recommended,315460,29702712,Posted: 4 February,all,CC: Protectorate,"I LOVE this game! But ONE problem, no steam mods. Now that's a problem, am I right lads or am i right lads, ""You are right lad."""
,Recommended,315460,24284201,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,LiVinYoLiFe,I love this game.This is actually my first game I bought on steam and It didn't dissapoint me. Can't wait for multiplayer
,Recommended,315460,28468267,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,naii,i love this game its hard but fair it does what i would think cant be done in a 2d game but now i know it can be done
76561198083152970,Recommended,315460,33574764,Posted: 15 July,all,shkreli,Addictive and challenging.
,Recommended,315460,24800306,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chicken McNuggets,It was fun.But the only thing bad about this game is the dull textures and the weird water mechanics.
76561198170378450,Recommended,315460,28283234,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,NewAgeMonkey,i played this alot on my old account and had a blast i just got reminded of it by a friend and remeber how fun it was would recomend this to anyone looking for a fun solo game with a nice community
,Recommended,315460,32029958,Posted: 28 May,all,cOlz,"Great game! Played it multiplayer with a friend, worked flawlessly!"
,Recommended,315460,23052668,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[mebbe],yuck
,Recommended,315460,29704264,Posted: 4 February,all,Shaku,very fun but hard (like me when i play this game ;)) my only wish is for multiplayer local or online and that you sorta add a small tutorial cuz its very confusing when you first start but later on you get use to it  my problem was that I COULDNT BUILD A FREAKIN BRIDGE other then that gr8 game :D
76561198190527451,Recommended,315460,25888603,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MOB,BUY IT ALREADY!!!!!
,Recommended,315460,15629699,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MultiGamerClub,"First Impressions:- Copy of Terraira- Good graphic's- Decent gameplay- Low price (20 KR)- Early Access- Easy to learn- Built a decent base within 2-3 hours of playing, tons of fun! (Peaceful, i thought the monsters would attack, but found out that they dont :D!)- Good logo's.- 468 Positive Reviews & 24 Negative, thats quite impressive in the start!- Read some reviews and found it good enough to buy.Bad sides of this game:- Somethimes animals will stack and it can come very many animals at one place.- The water in game is a little bugged, not problematic, but a little.- The game will somethimes lagg for people who doesnt have the best specs, when its going to save. (Tested on pc with low specs. And tested on pc with high specs.)You SHOULD buy the game, its worth it!- MultiGamerClub~ Terraria Style? BUY BUY BUY! ~ Anon."
76561198116928251,Recommended,315460,22361323,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,man-drinking-green-tea.jpg,"Uhmmm... So steam is letting me write a review for this game. Thanks, I guess??"
,Recommended,315460,22723482,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,imN0t_N1nja <hellcase.com>,Water!!! Water!!!! Water!!!!! Water Everywhere!!!!!!9.9/10
,Recommended,315460,24760852,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Nito,"I like Tower Defence games and I like terraria, dig or die seems the next logical step, very fun indeed."
,Recommended,315460,28583994,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kraut*,"I bought this game back when it was in very early development. It had a very, Terraria/Starbound feel to it, while at the same time, making itself very different. When I bought it it was around $3.99 (And may still be as of you reading this). Now, going back to it (not to recently) the developer has very much improved it and optimized it. I would highly recomend this game to anyone that is looking for a 2d survival game. (Oh and PS watch out for water)"
,Recommended,315460,30215372,Posted: 27 February,all,Lemme smash,"Wow what a great game, would buy !!!"
76561197995988604,Recommended,315460,23754492,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Squeaker,10/10
76561198007515692,Recommended,315460,31959414,Posted: 25 May,all,Kardian,"Thank you for not holding my hand.  (I finally launched!  Oh, if there's a floating island above, then I'm going to crash into it.)"
76561198111166105,Recommended,315460,32794388,Posted: 25 June,all,hman690,"i really love this game, but because of the multiplayer update, it no longer runs.i have had this game for a long time but never played it much ontil about a week ago. i played through the peaceful dificulty and was about to try brutal dificulty when the update came out. i downladed the update and atempted to play. the game started up fine but when i went to create a new world, it had less than 1fps, wish i was kidding, when i finnaly got past the caracter creation screen, it took about 10 mins to get past the single text before you start the game, when it finnally finished, the picture came up for a bout 10 seconds (it was black before, when the text left) then  the game crashed.now for the review.if you like terraria or starbound, you will like this game. it has a simerler way of progressing. you go underground to get materials, you come back to your base and build a better mining tool to mine even better matterials to make a better mining tool. and so on and so on. the game differes from both games because unlike starbound, you stay on the planet, and unlike terraria because it is futeristic. the gamplay is good and the soundtrack is great, and the ending is cool (protip: clear out everything above you or you will hit a sky island and die) and after you beat the game you can come back with god items which was fun. i liked this game while it lasted and i hope you do too!"
,Recommended,315460,30231879,Posted: 27 February,all,earth418,"Thanks so much for this game! Imagine terraria, but without the endless monsters. You have so many options, and the game is hard and easy at the same time. Its not to short but not too long (haven't finished yet). Now that the devs have finally released multiplayer, the game just got fun to a whole other level. Now I can play an already-fun game, but even more fun because it's with my friends! I don't even know why its in Beta, it's perfect :D"
76561198117290629,Recommended,315460,18267785,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,The Spook Diggity,Please add multiplayer support! It would make the game 10 times more fun than it already is!
76561198182275925,Recommended,315460,22096114,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zombiie,Great game PLEASE ADD CO-OP
76561198038861968,Recommended,315460,22893316,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Leewire,Very good game for Terraria lovers. Different enough to not feel like you are just playing another Terraria clone. But not too different. Only thing missing is multiplayer.
,Recommended,315460,28263476,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,joeydynamite2014,One of the best games out there.
76561198035433547,Recommended,315460,14758005,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ho Chi Sock,"A damn fun game especially if you hate wasps,hedgehogs and dogs !The tsunami simulator part of the game is a sight to beholdSo if you like playing as a midget who seems to have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off an entire ecosystem, this is a must buybut seriously10/10  a really fun game for a awesome price,  support this dev !"
,Recommended,315460,30764541,Posted: 26 March,all,vanezra,Good game.
76561197971907149,Recommended,315460,34559031,Posted: 28 August,all,Jojeli,Very nice and addictive game
,Recommended,315460,21014667,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RODE_85,"I really love this game and recommend it to anybody that likes these kind of games. The game runs smooth and easy to work pretty quick. I play peaceful mode, because I love to mine, craft and build and the other difficulty modes I've tried and they are definately harder with creatures attacking you and destroying your base. Right now the game is singleplayer, but the devs are working on multiplayer."
,Recommended,315460,24253084,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Courier Six,Dig and die and respawn10/10
,Recommended,315460,17037963,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dr. Why,"Right now the game is bad,but they promised it wouldn't be buggy in full release,and it would cost a whole 10 bucks ON full release,anyway,anyone who disliked only hated the alpha stage/beta stage.Id be surprised if one person disliked it on full release."
,Recommended,315460,15194932,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Big Beefin' Brutus,"Awesome game, but it now before the price gets higher"
,Recommended,315460,14773386,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sir Shelfu,F5 Simulator 2015
76561198111844592,Recommended,315460,14915703,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Anime Randoms,"This is a very nice game. I love the style of games like Terraria, Starbound, Dig or Die, and even Magicite to some degree. I highly recommend this."
76561198079405437,Recommended,315460,14928553,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,EMO_ANNIHILATOR,when minecraft and Terraria ♥♥♥♥ you get dig or die
76561198095652079,Recommended,315460,14936983,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Doctor_Pork,♥♥♥♥♥best game EU/NA kek stoner approved
,Recommended,315460,14997229,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,千aba The 'Melancholy Master',"This game is great and Even though it is not even at verison 1 its still amazing! Keep up the good work dude, and Here is a few suggestions that might be good for the game in the future:MultiplayerMercenary bases ( so you encounter random generated structures that are defended well e.g like turrets, but have loot)Rare recources - hard to find minerals that offer great weapon statsDiffrent weather - e.g snow so the water freezesTrapswater drains (hatches that open when water is detected)I hope I help you out in anyway, keep up the great work on this game, I will be gradualy be watching it become more and more successful!"
,Recommended,315460,15099900,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Frog,Excellent Game! Can't wait for future updates. Would recommend.
76561198037080732,Recommended,315460,15723336,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Good phisics but needs lot more of content,"
,Recommended,315460,15534444,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,arnzzz,this is amazing for £2.
76561198042782024,Not Recommended,315460,14897054,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mc Flaytus,"this game tries SO hard to be terraria but fails miserably. the devs clearly dont understand what made terraria fun and threw this pile of garbage. just diferent enough so that you'll think it brings something new, but not a single good idea.i tried, i really did. this game has no redeeming quality, the enemies are all the same. you have the ones that charge on you, and the ones that shoot projectiles. but if you go far enough from the starting points. BOOM! new enemies. they are the same sprites but with different colors and lo and behold, they shoot faster and they hit harder. wow.there's also this whole concept of one death = game over, and i mean, i LOVE permadeath when its well executed. but if you can save and load the game what's the point in a survival game?you have no incentive to build a base because enemies will chew right through it in seconds. also almost no choice of blocks.oh and the devs wanna increase the price of the game with the new release. you kiddin' me? dont even get this if its 90% off its a waste of time, get terraria (yes, even if you already own it, just get it a second time)"
76561198155638648,Recommended,315460,15209979,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Instagator123,"I recommend this game, but there is one problem that I am really tired of. It's the monsters having the ability of breaking blocks. You should make it like terraria and make it so they can only open doors."
76561198137432823,Recommended,315460,15335427,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Panda =molester=,"I do love it, but don't get too crazy about it. The game still need some makin and maybe get the harder monsters a bit further away so you can get the blue flowers. Cuz if you can't get them u can't go further into the game. But try to add multiplayers too. It would rly make the game much more fun."
,Recommended,315460,15196524,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spooksenhower,Yes. I'm officially addicted.
76561198141551706,Recommended,315460,14806568,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,"[AG]YaBoiJagger aka ""Leel Trees""",the only thing wrong with this game is that it looks like its made in MS paint
76561198111497574,Recommended,315460,15458003,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Whale Jesus,Prepare your asses for the new bosses and enemies and♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to go through to get that one item you need to progress!!!!!
,Recommended,315460,15676730,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BailsBach,"Hardly played it.. getting into it. New game. Good.Don't bother raging about ""just like terraria"", it's not. It's far from it. It's MUCH better than terraria, and less repetative. I got bored of Terraria in 20mins, now this game, ha! Bored: Never. Buy it while it's £1.99, it's worth every single fricking penny!"
,Recommended,315460,14849049,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Fabio,This game is challenging and fun!
76561198013462546,Recommended,315460,22191045,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,7thsojurn,"The Flooding is not good or i would like this game it sucks but the game play is good so its ok for a game but i think this idea of water flooding and filling underground areas and not returning into the ground so your unable to get items seem some what dumb but over all the game is ok. So if they had a yellow thumbs up i would given it that, for ok do to the game water issue makes it not that fun.  The flooding issue note can be fixed but it not that easy you can  dig tunnals out to the one side of the drop off it will let all water flow out but some spots still are heard to do this .."
,Recommended,315460,15036346,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Sorsi,"nice, but I still awaiting multiplayer mode. :D"
76561198008817486,Recommended,315460,14818889,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rallaster,"the basics are like terriria but in this case your base is your survival not just a place that holds all the neat but useless items you have found, which at this point i dont think there are any really useless items there are next tier items but the first tier stuff still has its uses....great gameplayable and even enjoyable at this early stage8/10+gun recoil allows rocket jump (or rather shotgun jump in this case)+blocks have ""weight"" as in they will crumble if you dont support your bridges or your tower is too tall, altho it kinda makes getting to the floating islands a bit difficult but then i found the shotgun jumping trick-flooding seems to need some work-all mobs destroy your base at insaine speeds...-kinda short playthrough timei look foreward to seeing how it turns out"
76561198032017147,Recommended,315460,30362319,Posted: 6 March,all,Spartan II 777,Dalton should get this game already.
76561198045668958,Recommended,315460,15301633,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,✪ClintosKing✪,Tried to build a bridge of the chasm fell to the bottom and drowned 10/10
76561198304342961,Recommended,315460,30643386,Posted: 20 March,all,Weeaboo_Warrior,gr8
76561198168831531,Recommended,315460,26236218,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stalker,"Hey, people! I think there's a game you may want to try out! It's dig or die! You get the concept in building and stuff but the main thing is defending what you have created! Make turrets, explore a bit, discover new items and so much more, so go get it!"
,Recommended,315460,28477615,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,KnowledgeMan,"It's a great game, but just not fun for me.I may or may not have refunded it."
,Recommended,315460,27888965,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♢Emilia♢,Fun little game.
76561198272956566,Recommended,315460,28603530,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JOE DIDUKA THE MIGHTY SLAYER,"I will rebuy this game in the future, but not right now because a game I want is 75% off and this is not on sale.Highly recomend this game to someone who doesn't quet want starbound or terraria."
76561198074834357,Recommended,315460,17097707,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,プチン,-.-
,Recommended,315460,27628129,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bananentee,Good Game m8
,Recommended,315460,15795479,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Badittude,Addicting.  Super fun.
,Recommended,315460,21720161,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TheBananaFarmer CSGOCasino.net,Uninstall button works!10/10 would buy again just to ask for another refund
,Recommended,315460,20885121,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Cheerilee,ilike this game due to the fact it  is simple little game
76561198071417788,Recommended,315460,32064664,Posted: 30 May,all,Regnav,Best game ever
,Recommended,315460,14874324,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Darth Maul,"So awesome So good,"
76561197993780180,Recommended,315460,16255036,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,rpgarcher,"I had some issues with the game, maybe I got unlucky with my first two seeds, maybe there was something about the game I just wasn't understanding.  Either way the developer has been very personally involved in trying to help me understand.  Haven't gone back to the game yet, but the developer listens to the community, and is still actively working on the game, and that means a lot"
76561198074245934,Recommended,315460,14954276,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Don,"Cool game for the price, although in early access ""Dig or Die"" is very playable in its current state and could be described as a mix of Terraria and a tower defence game. The game is simple and should be playable by anyone without much background knowledge, simply start a game on the lowest difficulty setting to learn the mechanics, crank it up when you feel ready. The physics add an extra layer of tactical dispositions which is nice.I can only warmly recommend it, buy it while its cheap."
,Recommended,315460,14797168,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,⎛⎛Jofer⎞⎞,I have no idea where to get red gems fromI need the red gems to make the next weaponI need the weapon because all the monsters just like trippled in health despite having it set to easyThe person in the space ship keeps telling me to dig downI tried digging down but drowned because it started raining8/10Im having fun and it only cost me £2Looking forward to multiplayerWish there was a mode with spawns on thoughQuick saving is a pain
76561198000917712,Recommended,315460,15176569,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,"# Rating* 10 of 10* Very good game, probably the best game i purchased in steam. You have games like this with way more recipes, bigger worlds, more content, but none have the water system of Dig or Die. Thats what makes this game unique and amazing. You can build huge dams, mess with water using water pumps and you can also build water power generators!# Gameplay* During the day you search for resources and during the nigth you defend from hordes of enemies.* You can build bases, bridges, etc.* Structures can colapse.* The rain/water system is amazing.* The eletrical system could be better... A water pumps outside of water still consumes power. No batteries to store power. No uranium power generators or any kind of portable power generator.* Some enemies explode on dead and their explosions can pass through blocks...# Music* Good music# InterfaceIts clean and easy to use, however the only way to see resources that you have is if you place them in your shortcut bar...No stashs: You can hold up to 9999 of each item. No more time lost organizing stuff."
76561197993670834,Recommended,315460,14789487,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zeph Grey,"Have you ever felt like Terraria needed more stress and chaos? If so, this is the game for you!It's not bad, but certainly not great either, and it often feel more difficult than it needs to be in certain areas, such as locating the resources you need.  But for $3, I guess you can't beat the price!I don't know that I'll be returning to it soon, but as a bargain game, there's certainly fun to be had there. It might not be for everyone though."
76561197997975240,Recommended,315460,15413971,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Marshmellow*,"Just Bought, Just played, Just Enjoyed, Smooth graphics too much fun too much things to do. and great physics! Thank you ! Keep updating the game . worth the 3 bucks totally. Grab while u can!"
76561198089528594,Recommended,315460,30139837,Posted: 24 February,all,William,OMG how ♥♥♥♥ing loong can it take to do one update? stop with you shity bridge contest and work on the game!
,Recommended,315460,25951278,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SirTinyPants,What's up my diggers?
,Recommended,315460,15096535,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,KOT KILLER,I rate it 10/10 because of the game itself  and especially the music.
76561198138307338,Recommended,315460,32828132,Posted: 26 June,all,winger.the.lizard,to be edited
76561198124209025,Not Recommended,315460,34335942,Posted: 18 August,all,TTJ Tarkilldude69,"I bought this game based on the review 'Tower defence terrarria' (which sounds like my heaven) and the fact it's 'very positive' rated both recently and overall. However; to me this game was a sharp dissapointment - to save you from reading the rest of this  review in short the reason for this is i would rate the price (£6.99) to content ratio as being disgustingly poor. In short, the terrarian community (most people who bought this game) is so brilliant they love games like this to the point where they'd give the same money they paid for terraria to a game infinately more terrible, almost, purely because it's the same kind of game terraria is.The antithesis of the following review would be an adequate review for the game 'Terraria' or 'Starbound'.I'm sorry: it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is so little content to work on 'early game' that it bores the action gamer with the most uncreative generic weapons possible paired with lazer bullets with every gun, medium game is the same and so is late game but the problem for me isn't this fact but how there is nothing inbetween! I don't just want to be bombarded with 10 new items to craft when I upgrade my crafting table, (there are only 2 upgrades so don't think that's a positive) I want to have excitement inbetween with dungeons to find and bosses and people and... this game has none of that, this game has nothing.For the adventure gamer it gets dull within minutes when you realise you get 1 biome and if you try exploring left you might find an incredible mountain!! After realising this mountain is just an everlasting slope which forces you to return to your base because it goes on too long, paired with the fact it generates every time and is at almost a 45 degree angle it is very dull. adventuring to the left you are greeted by a casm, randomly turning the game into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bridge building simulator for a second, you are greeted by the same world generation but with red grass instead......... ugh.So I'm sure at this point your thinking as you can break and destroy blocks this must finally be a great creative outlet for you... only astonishingly this is actually the games weakpoint. Don't build your base abuve ground as it will be destroyed easier, don't build your bunker out of dirt as it will break, or stone as it will break later; build it out of alluminium blocks. To be honest just go back to playing terraria and build a treehouse style wooden lodge with a slightly victorian theme like I did :)Honestly I was excited by the terrets this game has. For some reason it didn't scratch my itch for this still... terraria has dart guns and flame traps and many others so I guess that's part of the reason but the other part I think is that it doesn't have waves or tactics like TD games do; it is very basic - the word that best describes this game. Now if this was advertised as a free-to-play copycat of terraria I wouldn't have made this review but at the same cost as the one and only (terraria) honestly this game is disgusting and not worth even contemplating buying. Plz save an hours wages and get terraria or starbound instead."
76561198119382559,Recommended,315460,29122641,Posted: 8 January,all,Tonka Joe,its a game where u dig or die
76561198166811148,Recommended,315460,34718313,Posted: 3 September,all,pixelgunner55,Freakionmg AMAZIONMTG this game is GREAT! iTS not lIUKEA terraria lol!
76561198206035448,Recommended,315460,25319703,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Glodier,I want this game again i did wrong that i refund this :(someone gift it to me plz if you want :)
,Recommended,315460,27892593,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Techedvalor,i dug and died...................................... many times. but fun game
76561198137006229,Recommended,315460,30678506,Posted: 22 March,all,Fish,its ok
,Recommended,315460,23030776,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Porkbelly,I forgot if I enjoyed the game or not. It's ight.
76561198175615851,Not Recommended,315460,20853453,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,KatyTheWarrior,Maybe as a full game this would be more interesting. But as it is now.. not so intriguing.I would suggest to maybe wait until it is a more fully-formed game before buying.
,Not Recommended,315460,26637816,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,andrewreesman,"this is a poor man's Terraria. the enemies can't pathfind and the enemies are monotonous. the only saving grace is the building mechanic, which also kind of sucks."
,Recommended,315460,18170903,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ubernetworkgeek,Played on Dig or Die mode / Got a Rocket made / Flew rocket up and exploded into a floating island.Would build a rocket again.
76561198184804751,Recommended,315460,25563079,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Long Run,Is nice .. try it out..
,Not Recommended,315460,24641187,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ⓔⓨⓔ Ⓞⓕ Ⓙⓐⓟ,"Albeit an Early Access title, this game is far from fleshed out. I have tried hard to appreciate it, but unfortunately it is impossible in its current state.The physics is the only thing that could have set it apart from other popular sandbox 2D survival games and it feels wonky at best. The forces at work are very strong which means your blocky buildings areverylimited in scale; no sky-high tower forts or statues erected in your narcissistic reverence. The placeable objects are also very limited, so your highest artistic achievement will be trumped by a diaper. The map is so small you can easily get to the western or eastern edge abrubtly on day one (going deeper is the only option for explorers). I haven't found theIntelligent AIadvertised yet. Only creatures that blindly charge with no fear of death and piranhas that drain their own ponds.If you want to build something great in a vast world with a crazy amount of depth; getTerraria.If you want an interesting AI companion and a galaxy of procedurally generated worlds to conquer and explore, getStarbound.I guess I'm more into building and exploring and can't appreciate a thus far lacking clone with Red Dye no.3 sprinkles on it."
,Recommended,315460,14742774,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,RawCode,"Fast placed and fun.Not much implemented at this moment, but game have great potential."
76561198166145227,Recommended,315460,32545796,Posted: 18 June,all,11reed,gg
76561198029818396,Recommended,315460,17250888,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"After giving it another shot, I can recommend it, but barely.I would have really liked to see a better tutorial.  The ""help"" provided is minimal and really doesn't give much at all.  Watching youtube videos was the only way I learned some of the things that you need to survive."
,Recommended,315460,32614847,Posted: 21 June,all,C.R.,Good game
76561197980448559,Not Recommended,315460,17669937,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,PegasusJF,"Compared to Terraria, StarBound and other 2d games this is quite simplistic and rather tedious compared to it's forebears.  Granted, it's only an alpha, but the defense is very very linear and rather uninteresting."
76561198050379221,Not Recommended,315460,26428183,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rotslayer,"I love tower defense games but don't care much for crafting games. There are some who will find this game appealing, but walking around and clicking on resources so you can survive long enough to search for and click on more resources is not my idea of a good time. You may be thinking ""but placing towers on predetermined paths then waiting for monsters to pass them by is?"" Yes. Yes it is. I can't explain it, but that appeals to me morre than this hybrid.I couldn't get into Dig or Die. I bought it on sale and the screen shots looked appealing so I took a chance on it. I know the game is still in development, but if you are looking for a tower defense game, this is not it.Do not take this negative review as a knock on the game itself. From what I played the game seemed to be good at what it intends to do, has nice graphics, tight controls. Not sure if it advances the sandbox, survival, crafting genre much. Ok, this game and review are out of my system now."
76561198215435887,Not Recommended,315460,24008527,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,(名誉の正義)Anikilator289,"Bro dont buy this because limited world, to hardcore to much grind and it gets boring through the pass of time i know that i have play to little hours but believe me thi is the type of game that in less than a week it gets boring."
,Not Recommended,315460,34849941,Posted: 9 September,all,giussepe3,This game is ok but seems to be a lesser variant of terraria
76561198019124081,Not Recommended,315460,28450705,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Timestopper,"Was impressed by how bad the gameplay was. Such a small thing as the jump mechanic was sloppy and felt off and a sprint function wasn't even present in a game where your character is painstakingly slow, and don't get me started on the lighting and blowback mechanics.. First game I've ever had to ask for a refund sadly :("
,Not Recommended,315460,21145910,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,McDanaldMan SuperiorServers.co,"I can excuse the little amount of content a little bit. But there are many other problems with this game. Games like this get a lot of indie sympathy, which is a little bit deserved, but the game is bad. I seem to be stuck in one part of the game. I have created my house next to two giant lakes that I made for power. I regret this. I can't figure out how to get the power working, or even a reason to have the power. Only 1 thing in the game needs power, so I created a giant tunnel into the hole to the west for no reason. I was just trying to get rid of the water, but it doesn't go down fast enough, so the lakes won't go away. Also, I can't uprage anything. If I go to the right or left I kill the same mosters and stop and the end of the screen. If I go down I can get more interesting stuff, but by then I've killed like 12 mosters, so 200 monsters are chasing me in the underground by nighttime. Then I probably drown in the water, or get killed in a horrible situation. Like the area with the tentacle moster. I died down there once, right after the day started, so I was stuck down there. I get penalized for everything, digging, exploring, expanding. I always drown or die, or kill so many monsters that my base is overun. I can't go up and get the gasrock because I can't go high enough, I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game. -69/10. Make it easier."
76561198170443299,Not Recommended,315460,31729263,Posted: 13 May,all,trainmastertmp,i really like this game but the fact that it doesnt have much explanation i cant recomend until it is a tiny bit more refined6/10
,Not Recommended,315460,18009229,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Boxtacular,"It's like a single player Terarria that focuses on you fighting off monsters during night time. Unlike Terraria, however, the visuals are fairly weak, the gameplay feels awkward because of the odd physics in the game (why does a plasma rifle knock you back...?), and overall it's not very.. fun. Terraria and other Minecraft spinoffs work because of the multiplayer aspect, or because they make the objective of the game very different from the originals; Dig or Die does neither.Pros:- Game progression is much faster than other similar games (Single player vs Multi, I guess)- Basically no learning curveCons:- The actual gameplay is really boring; not sure if it picks up later, but if I spent 2 hours in the tutorials the tutorials need to be nerfed and progression needs to be sped up- The inventory takes up half your screen so you can't see jack if you need to pull up stuff in the middle of a fight- The knockback on guns is stupidly high- Digging feels like a chore considering it's a SP game- Progression is completely and totally linear, so it's not actually a rogue-lite- Something like 7-8 monsters are recycled with palette swaps- Visuals are pretty bad- Night defense is kind of silly because you have to build a fort but the monsters can just break your walls- The weight physics in the game is just wrong- A lot of other things tbh3/10 - I think there are some okay concepts in there but really the overall product is just unpolished and needs a complete overhaul. Sure it's in EA, but if the end-game product is anything like it is now, I still won't be able to recommend this."
76561198303081106,Recommended,315460,28173806,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,woohoo532,Ok Kinda good But 1.Make it so enemys dont attack in peaceful 2.make sure blocks dont fall and break 3.ADD A LIGHT SOURCE IF YOU READ THIS COMMENT LIKE IT SO THE CREATORS CAN KNOW AND CREATORS DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,315460,19700148,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ItzGemmy`,yea an interesting game but just a time wasting game because its not like that good in my opinion 6/10
,Not Recommended,315460,25406235,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Polydueces,"It's a less developed form of Terraria that focuses far more on survival. I've only put a half hour in but it was immediately obvious how little there was to do and how unpolished the game was. Yes, I understand that it's pre-release beta essentially but the argument I put forth is why not just play Terraria until this is more developed. It's not bad but it's not worth the money until more progress has been made."
76561198186581846,Not Recommended,315460,21432687,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sweet Talking Wanderer,It's not as amazing as I thought it would be.
76561197992377642,Not Recommended,315460,33413995,Posted: 9 July,all,PinkiesBrain,not worth 10 bucks - you can grab it wit discount.In EA forever now.Like terarria without features.build chain and tech lvls feel clunky and barely rewarding.enemies are not fun.And its like a ad water simulator. There is Water eveeeerywhere - quite annoying. its physics is ok`ish but not very nice.the Idea of statics in building is on the other hand quite fresh but not implemented very well.For me it was 5 hours until it got too tedious to continue
76561198092083656,Not Recommended,315460,18731106,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sir Urmo,Cool game. Singleplayer only.
,Not Recommended,315460,21940991,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Fox_,it's nice but its quite anoying (sorry for the bad english)1. everythink is too eazy to break2. monsters are anoying too like they can dig throught the ground3. whats the point of it becoz it's not survival4. theres not pizza XD5. there are some big holes that go to a big cave there all the water comes6. i don't know it's not my kind even that i love survival gamesDear developer try to do somethink with those and ill think on it!i payed 5 euro's and put like in Romania 1 euro is 4 lei and think like i payed 25 euros in other countryes ! and not its even more expensive like 7.5 or how much it is
,Not Recommended,315460,23690584,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,Dig or Diei think you ment Dig then Die
76561197961901955,Not Recommended,315460,31707776,Posted: 12 May,all,Crusader,"Higly dislike the water filled caverns (they are every where).Abit of fun, but not enough to warrent the 8€."
76561198209785824,Not Recommended,315460,20948814,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,dic aint gay in 2017,GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥I MANT♥♥♥♥♥♥LOL
76561197980020480,Not Recommended,315460,18578588,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pandosaurie,i dont know why but i hate this game. i guess im spoiled by terraria
,Not Recommended,315460,18625144,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"Get Terraria, Starbound, or Minecraft.Good preparation game for the three titles I mentioned.As a Long Term? Even if Multiplayer was added? No. You'll lose interest pretty quick.Better off as a Free to Play."
76561198157676635,Not Recommended,315460,29702583,Posted: 4 February,all,TheWolfMarshal,"it's fun at first, but gets boring after a while, not worth 8 dollars"
,Not Recommended,315460,19428174,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Matt64,Was not what I was hoping for and was very uninteresting
76561198161957148,Not Recommended,315460,19025723,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ashlox3,bad
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,315460,20725066,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,matt1184,"There is no real possibility of prolonged gameplay unless you play the peaceful mode.  Each night, you are slaughtered, and there is nothing one can do about it in the beginning phases of the game.  All in all, a nice attempt, but a complete failure."
76561198378944360,Not Recommended,315460,34207180,Posted: 12 August,all,BombasticBroom,I had few expectations for this game and they didnt reach. I would very much like a refund.
,Not Recommended,315460,17003852,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Issah,Bad even for early access. Super buggy and very boring after 10 minutes. Monsters aggro is so huge they come at you in all directions even cut through the ground to kill you. not ready don't buy wait a year... Seriously.
76561198141578087,Not Recommended,315460,31400860,Posted: 27 April,all,IHateSummer,"I did honestly like this game for the first 2 to 3 hours but then it just started to just get boring and I hit a block. If you just HATE Teraria (if thats how you spell it), go check this out."
76561198040770844,Not Recommended,315460,16911214,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,zuoanqh(aka chad),"I think this game have the potential to be a great one. It's a mix between tower defence and sandbox like Starbound. but currently the experience is clunky. The game is over if you die (you go back to last save), accquiring the crystals and other materials is a bit hideous. There's just so much to be done for this to be a really good game. Keep up the good work I would say, but this game is still early for selling."
76561198067098059,Not Recommended,315460,24246847,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tigerxxtiger,"The video made it look way cooler than it actually is . Dont reconmeed buying it Unless you like boring games. NO muliplayer addon, If you want a better game go play Terraria."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,315460,17519484,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Homeinvasion,"No tutorial gets instant thumbs down.Seriously do yourself a favour, pay the extra and get Craft the World. Which this is obviously a straight rip off from."
76561198051374574,Not Recommended,315460,28437513,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AblazinGrace,Poor coding makes for a very laggy time.
,Not Recommended,315460,17370220,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ponyPharmacist,Unintuitive and dull.
76561198059626361,Not Recommended,315460,31849773,Posted: 19 May,all,yumri,no clear objective or instructions on how to play or how to get to the fun parts in the video up above.
,Not Recommended,315460,24482974,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Pros:Very funEasy mode is hard but its easy to stay alive at night with no shelter.Good Crafting SystemCons:Hard to find objects (diamonds)Too many enemieshard to make bases in time for the night.Enemies are really powerful (red bugs)Hard to get a plasma shotgunDeath almost all the timeAt this point, i advise you to keep away until it becomes more developed and maybe get it in a sale."
,Not Recommended,315460,15495822,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Neo the Ice Cream,"lets list a few things, 1. it has an 'auto save' feature which doesnt even save 2. weapons from just the 2nd tier are way to overpowered meaning there is no challenge at all 3. after 19 minutes you start to realise he looks like a megaman knock off 4. enemies can break concrete wall with their face but i cant break stone with a high tech gun from a future planet?"
,Not Recommended,315460,34112876,Posted: 8 August,all,Jarmenkell,"Map too tiny, game crashes a lot, clear terraria rip off. not much of a gameplay change to warrant it."
,Not Recommended,315460,14810428,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Techbane,"A relatively promising start, with some over-reliance on specific enemy drops and a severely overactive rain/fluids system. Progression isn't incredibly intuitive and all round there isn't much to it yet, but hey, for 3 bucks you at least get better combat than Starbound."
76561198131463779,Not Recommended,315460,30203069,Posted: 26 February,all,Saskiewatch,"Awful game. The crafting makes no sense, the character is horribly animated, and the game has no charm. When you run you can see a white box behind your character as you move because the developers are too ♥♥♥♥ing lazy. Not worth the money."
76561198318227570,Not Recommended,315460,29809078,Posted: 9 February,all,Hello,创意挺好，就是价格跟内容有点差距
,Not Recommended,315460,17321316,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tomato ass,Stupid this game is boring and even more boring. I hate it.
76561198035506750,Not Recommended,315460,28015112,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mike,Meh............ too much rain.
,Not Recommended,315460,35081580,Posted: 20 September,all,"HELLO IT""S ME",Bad game.
76561198181687366,Not Recommended,315460,29609464,Posted: 31 January,all,jesuschrist323,"boring, got over it in the first 2 minutes"
76561198027207751,Not Recommended,315460,31199905,Posted: 17 April,all,Zhuuk,boring clone
,Not Recommended,315460,35087957,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,Meh. Just die.
76561198156427092,Not Recommended,315460,25703831,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TheGrimReaper,do not get this game it is crap it is almost impsibe to fined what you need and when you do its imposible to get back without dieing
76561198086885946,Not Recommended,315460,24394366,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DevilNinja,This game sucks. go play terraria.
,Not Recommended,315460,15444595,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bork,This games sucks major balls. I wasted money.
76561198013844821,Not Recommended,315460,15502930,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cunning Stunt,"It's an indie game, need I say more?"
,Not Recommended,315460,28171337,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,doge,THIS GAME SUCKS I CANT BELEIVE I WASTED 8 DOLLARS ON THIS DUMB GAME ILL NEVER GET MY MONEY BACK
76561198344694203,Not Recommended,315460,31030416,Posted: 8 April,all,parmo812,Game Won't launchgarbage
76561198360043950,Not Recommended,315460,31205992,Posted: 17 April,all,CookieClicker,"Peice Of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game looked amazing, actually it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy this you'll regret it. I want a refund, now, this game is crap now remove this♥♥♥♥♥♥until I call the steam creators or whatever don't waste your time reading this just don't get it. kthx"
76561198145616975,Not Recommended,315460,14771414,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Alteric Jeske,"Biggest waste of $3 I've ever spent....monsters are overpowered, your weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥ building mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ over all, can't suggest this game if they don't fix everything."
,Not Recommended,315460,14765057,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Blackberry Curve,"Absolutly the worst game I've ever bought on steam. Terraria bootleg, but at least terraria is good.Pros: Like wasting money, this is the game for you.Cons: The entire game. This should not be an early access game. In fact, don't even finish it. Just give up."
,Recommended,315460,18097729,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,olikant,i think the game is super good but it rains to muche
76561198105308427,Recommended,315460,16723379,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Daption Capense,One of my favourite indie game!
76561198115958213,Recommended,315460,15675464,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Aladhard,"very addictive, very fun if you like terraria or games like that you would like dig or die. and it is only 2.99 right now. i strongly suggest to get this game"
,Recommended,315460,16093866,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Silentisgold <3,I am Happy that youre working on this Game and i Hope you will continue youre work on this game.if i would Recommend on thing it is the missing coop multiplayer.
,Recommended,315460,18778954,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,peeslosh,"In order to really get into Dig or Die, you have to play it for a little while.I tried it for around 45 minutes, and it didn't appeal to me.After I was able to build a small base with turrets and cross a giant chasm, I started to enjoy the game a lot more. There are many different enemies, which once you kill, will sic their whole species on you at night. You must build your base of operations in a smart place, as the planet you crash on is extremely rainy. If you decide to build your home at the bottom of a mountain, you can and will be flooded.The world isn't very wide, but it's pretty deep. The previously mentioned Chasm is an extreme drop, and falling down would most likely result in certain death.Dig or Die implements new and cool mechanics, such as water power and the said species progression system. It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,315460,15581672,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Cybermancer,"Truly an astounding game, and a perfect example of how Early Acces is done right. GaddyGames is a developer who truly cares about his game and the community."
,Recommended,315460,15458571,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Renegade Pige,"TL;DR overview:Pros:harvesting / mining / gathering is super quickdecent soundtrackfun to exploredifficultvery different from Terraria, not a carbon copydevs seem to be updating regularlyCons:Not very much content so far (enough for a full game, but still lacking compared to Terraria)Entirely combat centric, no real rpg elementsLack of options when dealing with enemiesNon TL;DR! This game is really fun, I enjoyed it as much as I did Terraria!  The game is combat centric so it provides a much different play style than Terraria.  The long process of mining and cutting trees has been stream lined to give more focus on the combat.  I spent 3 bucks on this game, and if this was the final product I wouldn't be disappointed at all; I've never enjoyed a cup of coffee for 10 hours.  However, this game is severely lacking in content.  The content it currently has is solid and polished, and I can't wait to see what the devs have in store for it.  There are only 3 types of enemies, turrets, and weapons, which leaves very little long time gameplay, but it still leaves a good 5-10 hours of fun.  I've heard that the game will go up in price as more updates are added, so I would highly recommend getting it now.  Worst case scenario, the devs abandon it, but it's still a complete game!  Best case scenario, it really picks up and you have a 20 dollar game for 3 bucks.  That my friend, is economics."
76561198133062770,Recommended,315460,15485589,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Timophil,This is a great survival game that is worth the money you pay for. I would hope that this game gets some updates to expand it abit but otherwise it is a perfect 2D survival game. The only problem I see with this game is that it's one of those games you only play it threw once.
76561198151344695,Recommended,315460,15386772,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,DiamondXD,"Personal Review:Promising GameChallenging gameThis game are not how you kill bug but how to outsmart themIf you are not ready to defend your self on high level enemyGet the resources that you need and run for your lifeIf you kill one of themThey will retaliate at nightRecommended for those who like:Survival gameBuilding a FortressBuilding a bridgesThis is for new people i only have one ruleEveryone fights. No one quits. You don't do your job, I'll shoot you. Do you get me?"
76561198146546689,Recommended,315460,15402840,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[AN] ℳeh_ℓØω,This game is great considering the price definately worth it
,Recommended,315460,15516050,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,¿±ƒÖ×±?,this game is so fun i'll wait until it has multiplayer :D
,Recommended,315460,15928419,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ITS FUCKING CODY,"I love this game, it is kind of like Terraria even though I have never played Terraria I still think there should be some changes from the Terraria feel, Overall a great game I have played multible hours at a time and I think that it is great.But one thing I would like to see is... Bosses"
76561198126938926,Recommended,315460,15150169,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Knightwolf,"Amazing game it is short, but you could play it again and again"
76561198109112862,Recommended,315460,15151264,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Darkon,Your a crashed landed Space Ikea Guy on an alien bug infested planet Trying to build a rocket to go home! Awesome!. It's basicly a side scrolling survival crafting game with realistic building physics (gravity) and a tower defense like night cycle that scales with your progresion through the game. And you can actually build the rocket yourself to escape the planet!10/10 would use laser shotgun as rocket boots again
76561198131180908,Recommended,315460,15155532,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tomvolcano,Great Game. Would love it better if the rain didn't come so often and if you could add mods like no rain and all items and things like that. That would be great and would make the game much better
76561198052396498,Recommended,315460,15176282,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fin,"This game is amazing! I think it's better than terraria. One thing I noticed was the AI from crash said, ""There is another rare planet above the mountains in the east."" So I launched from there and my game ended.Wich makes me think, there should be more planets."
,Recommended,315460,15371811,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Raventhon,"Extremely short game, but definitely worth the $3.  Really only about 6-7 hours of gameplay."
76561198116431728,Recommended,315460,15360602,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Taskari Abdular,"this is a great game, i recommend getting it in earlly acess at a cheaper price, because this is great now, and many additions will be made that sound awesome!"
76561198034006123,Recommended,315460,15078872,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,matthuman,"What a fantastic game at a great price.  The controls are fluid, the gameplay is solid, and the music is delightful.  This game is built on the shoulders of giants such as minecraft and terraria.  It is a whole lot easier to pick up and play in my opinion.  The progression is near perfection.  What an unbelievable game.  Thank you for adding some awesome to the indifferent universe around us."
,Recommended,315460,15081601,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,greenorange,"If you like sandbox survival, get this game! It's all about using your resources to defend yourself and escape a foreign planet. There is a huge focus on combat with night survival and base building being circuital in early game. It has great physics, with weight distribution and a water filtration system. (Although many don't like the constant rain, I think It's a great challenge)Yes it needs many more features, but it is very playable and very enjoyable in its current state, I love the pricing plan too, buy it now for $3.59 NZ ($3 US) now or wait for more content and pay 12. You get you money's worth, and if the game continues, a whole lot more.Great game, 11/10 - if your still not sure I recommendthislet's play by AstralPhaser."
76561198116040579,Recommended,315460,15082812,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Remillia Scarlet,It is one of the most epic games ive played check out my youtube channel ninjasgaming
76561198153070362,Recommended,315460,15085568,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Muhammered,"This is an amazing base game with a promsing future of updates. Although there is not much content at the moment, that will be fixed in the future. For now there is still plently of stuff to do. The physics and combat are amazing especially with harder difficulties. And for less than $3.00, you can't get a better game. The developer seems to be dedicated to this game, he plans on adding a little more to the price with each update until it reaches it's planned full price at around $12.00, so clearly he has a long term plan in place. It has no multiplayer yet, but that is such a highly demanded thing by the community that I'm sure it will be. The construction of defenses, bridges, and towers are extremely fun and have a good amount of skill involved in them. There is little grinding in this game, you get straight into the action which I personally enjoy. The developer took everything good about Terraria and other similar games, mashed them together, picked out the bad parts that didn't compliment eachother, and added many unique features and aspects to finish it off. This is a fantastic early access game with a promising future."
,Recommended,315460,15086165,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Nacht,Sandbox base defense with some interesting physics and water dead-set on flooding your♥♥♥♥♥  Fun for the whole family.
76561198030897356,Recommended,315460,15027310,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Archile,"Fun little game. Right now there isn't much to do, but regarding what exists, it is solid. Building takes some trial and error, until the ""let's play"" videos or tutorials appear. Combat is pretty fun even at its basic, $3.00 state. Mining and inventory management are great. The physics are neat.Only con so far: Water is annoying. I like the realistic flow (down hill) of water, but water will appear out of dry areas where water has no access to it. Once this system is perfected, this little game will lack any other cons for me.Imagine my surprise, coming from Starbound, when I reached the ""edge of the woooorld""! haha"
,Recommended,315460,15029033,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MinskBoo,"Incredibly cheap right now and great fun. Dig or Die is an addictive sandbox style fighting game. Forget the graphics, this ISN'T a clone of Terraria/Starbound it's a new take on the genre.Pros:Dirt cheapQuick to jump intoInsanely addictiveDecent combat systemActual decent building physics that make sense!Decent musicNegatives:All enemies right now are simply a harder clone of one of 4 basic enemy types (fish, armour guy, fast wolf thing, flyer) so you won't be seeing anything ""new"" once you've met thoseTricky to survive your first night or two, this game is FASTAlready clocked up over 5 hrs of FUN for £2 - BUY IT"
76561198012714549,Recommended,315460,15033802,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,jekely87,Absolutely love this game! Having a Race to Space with my brother and love the rush! At the moment there is only a few hours of gameplay but it is terribly addictive and fun to explore. See our Race to Space below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qef65DCVDT8&feature=youtu.be
76561198202531348,Recommended,315460,15746269,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Kuga,Very Fun Game Woott!
,Recommended,315460,15734515,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Xanthnic,"It's a simple game, but great fun. It will make you think a bit about how you build things and handle situations. I enjoyed the new take on the sandbox games."
,Recommended,315460,15673743,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Conscience,"Love the game for being v0.05 (at the time of reveiw) unforgivabley hard cute visuals that throw you off when night comes around, nice physics"
,Recommended,315460,15562540,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,spookyseut,"I hadn't given this game a chance at all. This game has good graphics, excellent physics, and astounding combat. I used to have this game under ""Not Recommended,"" I now see that that shouldn't have been so. Gaddy Games, great job, magnificent gameplay for only $3. *claps*"
,Recommended,315460,15669328,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bananakin,"I went to the east mountain, killed a black hound, thae species has bothered me since.This game has so much potential for the future when it comes out.I will play this game to DEATH i love it  and when it comes out MULTIPLAYER.in another update there will hopefully be no ending of blasting of majesticly into the sky.BASE BUILDING, i love building my own bases. TURRETS. SNIPER RIFLE. given a 10/10"
76561198135519363,Recommended,315460,15691373,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,pikapower88,it was a very good game i hope this thing gets a survival mode where you can try to survive giand mobs of enemies but you have all the recorces you need i rate this game 9.5/10
76561198126085467,Recommended,315460,15691686,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Lcky,"This game is a nice and it has potencial, more like terraria but with some tower defense in it.I hope they add more content, like monsters, upgrades, and ores.It`s very cost benefit."
76561198021523274,Recommended,315460,15629765,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Alby,Very good game for only 3€ ! :)
76561198162813285,Recommended,315460,15736449,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pretisy,"Dig or Die is the Best 3 dollars you can pay to get a game the is so addicting,Its hard to play at first since night time is overwelming, Tip from me to you dont kill the hard enemies you cant kill yet with your basic load out since they will swarm you at night forever. :D"
76561198031231015,Recommended,315460,15582542,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,spdrcr70x,"fun game, but having all creatures relentlessly attack once they appear on your screen, even though i had not yet attacked , namely the dogs and rock crawlers, and adding that they automatically spawn in my not yet finished base, but finshed walls they could have never jumped over,  makes the learning curve from peaceful to EASY.... quite steep, especially since i cannot find a tutorial or instructions on how to play ( i admitt, i have not REALLY looked) , i still plan on playing but perhaps on easy mode, wait until we actully attack a species before they attack during the DAY too, peacefull is a nice way to get used to the game, but eventually you need excitment, but Wooosh!!.. everything hostile... farming and buidling are crazy, i can't even think about keeping a tower in place to farm sky clay/rock... took me 3 hours to figure it out on peaceful, and basically had to build a huge dam.. and wait for it to fill with water. OR maybe give them an agro range, if i didn't attack them. right now when  they see me, they don't give up... now i HAVE to attack them, those dogs keep diggin though ""solid"" rock.. and destorying everything i build.... when i leave to go farm upgrade Mats, i kill 25 yellow bees, .. and get ONE crystal. come back and all my wood blocks are blasted,  lucky to get the flashlight upgrade before night one let alone a gun upgrade, or a turret... piles of dead bees.. no crystals. we have to kill everything to farm eventually... i don't see why it has to happen from the word GO!.  i have so much to say about this particular subject ... becuae it's the only thing i can seem to complain about... i do like this game, i'm on board, just a little frustrated, and apparently slow."
,Recommended,315460,15256380,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Your Favorite Little Girl,Totally recommend you get it now! Such an awesome game and creator! I know it might not seem must now but patience is key... SO GET IT NOW.
76561198103657726,Recommended,315460,14967684,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,The Lone Wulf,"its a rather awesome game. it may look fun and relaxing, but once you get started, it keeps you on the edge of your seat, and your blood really get going when night time comes. its an epic game, a must have. im going to make a series on youtube on it.#soarvivor"
76561198045586632,Recommended,315460,15235107,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Lykasmitts,"You know how many early access games are in broken states and other varying states of bugginess? Yeah this is not one of them. Played a bit so far, grand experience."
,Recommended,315460,15330628,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Doctor Nightmares,"This game will, doubtlessly, grow into something greater than we've all ever dreamed of before."
,Recommended,315460,15326774,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,redfox5693,"I think that Dig or Die will be a great game. But for now it is a little bland and dull. It will get better; it just needs to use other aspects from other games like it. For example, more biomes, materials, and enemies would make this game better and more exciting. Overall, this game needs more work and it will be a better game to play."
,Recommended,315460,15330406,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,sAnDo CruSheR,"Very very fun. Worth the 3.29 full price or even better if you get it on sale. The only thing I don't like it that the ending lacks closure, its like ""you win."" after all your hard work."
,Recommended,315460,15118924,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,xinle bolt.gg,"Can you please add melee weapons?  That would make the game even better.  But still, this game is absolutely amazing!"
,Recommended,315460,15099349,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Immortal,Its a great game but right now it's too easy to beatBeat the game in 2 hours on normalhoping they will add more
76561198044263959,Recommended,315460,15115084,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,James Chases,"Pretty cool, I really enjoyed it and am looking foreward to future content for the game."
,Recommended,315460,15116208,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,小当,"Great Game! 10/10|Pros|Great Crafting SystemChallenging, but not Bang-Head-Against-WallInnovative IdeasGreat Soundtrack (Can I Buy It?)Semi-Realistic (but more so than Minecraft) PhysicsMinecraft DissRAAAAIN (its killed me multiple times)|Cons|World size a little small for now, but its Early Access, will change :3Armor Power not so balanced (-1 Damage is nothing)I can't think of very many more :)|Suggestions|MultiplayerRopes?|Notes|Wonderful game, innovative design. Runoff system for water is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but is pretty neat. Developer responds to feedback from the community, which is a massive plus. Developer also isn't overcharging, and only charges for what is ""already there"" instead of what is to come. That's cool, it enabled me to buy into it early from selling TF2 Stranges.Your ship has problems with spelling. :)"
,Recommended,315460,15128060,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mohken ˣᴰ,Amazing game that's still in early access. Has a lack of content but updates will come and more cool stull will be added. It's simple and fun. Recommend this game. 10/10
,Recommended,315460,15129345,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Youtube Mixup,Amazing
,Recommended,315460,15129555,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pyro3138,I absolutely love this game. It took Terraria's 2D digging and put a purpose behind it. Play it on brutal all the time; it feels good.
,Recommended,315460,15133114,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,|D34(|-|`/,"Awesome game for people who have nothing else todo but play something that is really cool. It's simple, Easy to get used to and gets hard towards the end. Because harder monsters come so you need the shotgun and alot of turrets! :D If you don't have anything to do.. Pick yourself up a copy it's cheap and relaxed. :)"
,Recommended,315460,15190478,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sabirex,"I recommend this game because it is really fun. If you played to terraria, interessant this can be and the price is really good deal."
76561198109565005,Recommended,315460,15192128,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,simshady,Addictive!
,Recommended,315460,14811211,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Skelit0re,"If you are looking for a game that deals with physics then here you go. Dig or Die is a game that requires you to think, you simply can't just hide in the dark you actually have to battle it out and hope for the best. Best 3$ ive ever spent if you ask me. I love survival games such as this. CAN'T WAIT FOR UPDATES :D"
,Recommended,315460,14811239,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dangerziom,"This game has a lot of potential, totally worth 3€, I hope It will get even better in the future."
,Recommended,315460,14788345,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Altant,"Very happy with this game now, posted a negative reveiw with problems that I was having, and got a quick response from the dev. Game is a lot more fun now and I can see myself spending even more time on it, easily worth 3$."
76561198126692218,Recommended,315460,14813501,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,OurBarrel2,Too much water.7.8/10
76561198148273187,Recommended,315460,14815063,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RangeShort,100% Awesome
,Recommended,315460,14952988,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Marxman,"This game is early alpha and that means its a gamble, but for €3,- its worth it.Personally i like to rate games on the (hours-of-fun)/(amount of euros) and i think its a fair rating system.I've played the game for just over an hour now and it has its flaws (expected in v0.048). I liked the water mechanics in the game and the way the weapons handle, but the game needs some rebalancing (also expected) and needs something to give it some replayabillity.At the moment this game is an hour of fun, but will potentialy (and probably) grow to alot more.I say the game is worth the €3"
76561198181939878,Recommended,315460,14955214,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Subway @pvpro.com,I love how it includes the best parts of some other great games like terraria and minecraft yet Dig or Die is totally unique.It provides a challenge as during the day you build (there is gravity!!!!) and mine but during the night you have to rely on machines that the player has made to survive.
,Recommended,315460,14962587,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kk,One of the best games i've ever played.
,Recommended,315460,14959192,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,LegendOHero,"Dig or DIe, Is AMAZING if you like a hard sandbox game this is the game for you. P:S Add Multiplayer PLZ :D"
,Recommended,315460,15203213,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Nixon https://discord.gg/f3AxHeY,"Enjoyable, Fun, Compete who wont die first with your friends I stongy recommend it not only is it cheap its great and family friendly"
,Recommended,315460,15253919,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,N4,"I've played through this game a couple times on normal.  couldn't get far on hardest difficulty. It was fun,  but I found it a little linear.  I was hoping to build a much cleaner base with multiple rockets on my second attempt, but found that there was only enough of some resources to build one.I eagerly await updates, and hope the map gets a little bigger.I would suggest purchasing this game earlier than later, if you think you are interested."
,Recommended,315460,15239061,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Some Guy,"First off, I would like to congratulate the developer for being one of few that I did not regret buying an early access game from.Dig or Die is one of the few gems in early access ATM, and it brings something new to the table when it comes to sidescrollers. The goal of the game isn't as simple as many would like to think. First, there's fighting monsters, then digging, then searching for rare plants atop a giant mountain - this game has it all. There are many things about this game that stand out to me as a gamer. One being that the blocks have weight. Though the blocks do not fall over if you hit them, they can and will break if you build them as if you were building in Minecraft. For building large structures, there are blocks you can place to hold up ceilings and other roofs. Another thing is water. You'd think that water wouldn't be a problem, but on the planet you're on, it is a huge one. Forget just digging a hole and covering the entrence to survive, because water will drip from the dirt blocks all around you until you decide to put some actual walls up. And did I mention that enemies can dig, too? Yeah, this game is challenging, but that's where crafting comes in. There are 3 tiers of crafting that are actually well-balanced for being a fairly new game. I'm not going to spoil them for you, but they are categorized by different auto-crafters, each one requires the previous to be made. Each tier also has a new turret(s), allowing you to lock down areas of the map with force. They are also your lifeline at night. The most prevalent mechanic in the game is the day and night cycle. Imagine Dying Light, but 10 times worse (in a challenging way). Enemies are absolutely vicious at night, turning the game from adventuring to tower-defense in a split second. You'll need to think quickly in order to survive away from your base at night, or else its GG for you. Thankfully it auto-saves after every night.Overall, I give this game an 8/10, even though I usually set my limit on early-access/beta/alpha games at 7/10. With the price set at only $3, you have nothing to lose when trying this game."
,Recommended,315460,15266797,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hidan,"The difference between easy and normal is too much. The waves are huge and come from below, I spent 4 days getting aluminum for turrets, and they got destroyed by a wave from underneath in one night. Otherwise amazing game, love every other aspect of it."
,Recommended,315460,15257800,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,FN-01_southbaysniper,a game that lives to its name
,Recommended,315460,15412226,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,zacthefish,Dig or DieName tells all10/10 Great Game with a low price a true gem
,Recommended,315460,15409532,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Relish,"Great game! It is a really nice game to just pick up and play at any time for however long. Dig or Die is a nicely balanced, challeging game that just makes sense. thanks to you, Gaddy Games!"
,Recommended,315460,15108274,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Snuggly_Love,FUN
76561198123460962,Recommended,315460,15108922,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Intelligent Sky Ant,amzing game but after u finish it i abondoned it for a while but its still really fun
76561198123024287,Recommended,315460,15148311,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RedKing,"A very inventive hardcore survival game. Definitly worth the buy. Buy it now before the price rises, beleive me it will."
76561198031154612,Recommended,315460,15149028,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tonythegardener,Absolutely excellent at the current price ($3)- fun exploration- crafting is super easy to do - no complicated patterns to figure out- very good 'flow' through things. Don't feel like you are spending time grinding anything- structural integrity is a nice concept- enemy progression is based on what you've killed so far which allows you to control it a bitcons- structural integrity is a bit challenging to understand
,Recommended,315460,15294487,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Waxel,"Okay I bought this game because I really liked the trailer. The 'realistic' rain and waterfalls. (I mean realistic in a way of potentials floods etc.)First day in the game: Oh, I will survive the first night without turrets. Biggest mistake I have ever made.Second game: Oh, I need a better gun and auto-builder. I made my first shelter and saw a fly + lions(?)My thoughts were: They will never get to me. I guessed wrong.Now Iam hunting for the better items and I defend my shelter with my life and my 10 turrets.Maybe for the next update, because this game deserve more credits/updates-Rolling, so you can dogde attacks"
76561198145225479,Recommended,315460,15134252,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nobotrobot,If your looking for a game with good casual play yet still challenging enough to make you want to keep playing then I would definitively recommend this game for you.  The real challenge of progressing made it fun yet not as frustrating as some other games I've played.  Even in this early stage it has enough content to make sure you get more than your money's worth with this game.
76561198121275340,Recommended,315460,15298352,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,WINNER22,i love the game but if i could make suggestions maby a multi player or make it to were you can change it form like peaceful to easy normal but over all i would recommend this game
76561198071539255,Recommended,315460,15218041,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Cobb Salad,"From the very small portion of the game I've played, I can tell its great. The physics in the game are very cool, and the way the game looks is similar to Starbound or Terraria, and I like that! The game is also early access, so the game can only get better from here!"
,Recommended,315460,15455421,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,shawngardner11,"Dig or Die is a unique 2D sandbox adventure game, where you find yourself trapped on a dangerous planet. The mobs, crafting, and defense is what truly sets this game apart from other 2D games. Build your defense agains the nightly onslaught of mobs or die. Can you escape? Also, check out the DigorDie subreddit!"
,Recommended,315460,14781559,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Avatard,"Its awesome! It would be great if you could switch the keys for walking and so on, because as a left handed Person its hart to play with WASD. Thanks!~Avatard"
76561197981120255,Recommended,315460,14843470,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TeaBow,"Good game, good price, what else?A Tower Defense game with systems borrow to others good sandbox games like Terraria or Starbound and you obtain a very nice game with tons of fun!+1 for the night music!Cocorico!!"
76561198114702045,Recommended,315460,14845980,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,firesword2001,AWSOME GAME
,Recommended,315460,14846165,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,canigetafuckinguhhhh,"This is a great game, especially for the current price. Even though I haven't played for that long, I can already tell that the full version of this game is going to be great. My only gripe is how there is so much freaking WATER!  7.8/10 too much water-ign.9/10, a little short (but still in early access so it makes sense). This is a great game for a cheap price."
76561198135788796,Recommended,315460,14849319,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Squidwardslayer,the physiscs are great
,Recommended,315460,14802076,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sophisticated Chicken.,"LOVE THIS GAME!!! it's just that it rains WAY too much! On my first world i spawnd next to a mountin and then it started to rain, i didnt know what to do so i ran... after a few seconds of running i came across another mountin (at this point im like 50ft off the ground) this is when i realized i was doomed so i sat in what was now an ocean for 5 minutes before thinking why dont i just find a differnet place to live? bad idea, it started to rain again and the water from the ocean started to flow over the mountian where at that point i just gave up and drowned. (Note: Rain dances dont stop the rain) 11/10 would flood again."
76561198057069523,Recommended,315460,14866235,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Elijah,Awesome game! Waiting for new updates.
,Recommended,315460,14866794,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Keffie,"This is a oneman crafted game afaik, which makes it more impressive in its state. Yes you might think this is a terraria or minecraft clone but its not, its more a tower defence sandbox game if anything. if you dont mind chipping in the cheap price of 3 euro then go for it. Deffo worth it because i like it alot"
,Recommended,315460,14867307,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,WolfFZz,Really nice early acces game for a cheap price. It's a pretty challenging survival/towerdefense/platformer game. Sometimes you will rage because you didn't quick save or because the monsters just dig trough all your walls but it keeps you playing. You need to buy this game and certainly now when you can get it for a low price.
,Recommended,315460,14872483,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Foehammer,Bought it because it was cheap and had good feedback.Fired it up and 2 hours later I was still playing.Buy it.  'Nuff said.
76561198011131012,Recommended,315460,14873205,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nightbliz (よるふぶき),"i love this game, is very addicting. I would love to see a coop feature added to this game so i can play with my friends."
76561198106828460,Recommended,315460,14860089,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,sleepybill,this game is pretty great there is just one thing id like to change the rain is always coming by and my world is pretty much flooded
76561198057719519,Recommended,315460,14858567,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,JuandisimoCena,"This Game... So Freakin awesome in its early stages for a game that has just been released...ProsKick♥♥♥♥♥FunCasualEasy to StartSet your own paceCons3ish hrs gameplay (right now)No Specific control remmapingSmallish worldBUGS(That I've Noticed)Random message saying that (You have died, Press F9 To reload last save, I haven't Figured out what causes it.Bit Of lag when it autosaves, (To be expected, But A bit more than I thought it would be)Overall, Great Game, Excellent Potential, Good For Calming down. (Or feeling like a Badass)"
76561198060520330,Recommended,315460,14907634,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Thaurane,"For those reading, this is not some copy of terraria. it is a completely seperate game. MAYBE inspired by terraria but that would be as far as it goes.For the cheap price it's not a bad game at all. it has plenty of potential. a few problems though:1.) the floating islands to get to the gaz were often out of reach even with reinforced concrete and a sniper rifle. wasnt even able to make the rockets to get to the gaz in the first place in two seperate worlds.2.) repair turret tooltip says it repairs blocks and other turrets. however when my turrets started to take damage they wouldnt repair the turrets at all. even with them right next to them.3.) turrets do not show their health. I feel like that if i could see their hp i could rescue them to replace them back at full hp. since repair turrets dont seem to want to do their job.i know the game is still new and early access. so there will be bugs abound and new content to be added. that's just what i noticed after a few hours of gameplay.music 8/10 - the music has a nice beat. especially during the night time. but the daytime music gets repeditive. 2-3 more tracks (i know there's 3-4 already) i think would help.sound 10/10 - no complaints here. sound effects are precise and fit the game fine.controls 7/10 - my main reason for this is jumping on single blocks is almost a nightmare. i often found myself either overshooting or my character taking so long to slow down that i would fall anyways. even after hitting the opposite way trying to keep from falling in the first place, i'd still fall."
76561197997439771,Recommended,315460,14908685,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,QuinnDexter,"First of all: You get what you pay for ... nothing more but (and that makes the difference) nothing less!After the first play-through I feel pretty comfortable with this purchase.Positive first:- Game engine runs well - physics as well- No major bugs! (my first EA with no saving/loading bug!)- Game feels well balanced right now- Enemies can be a real pain in the a**- As it is EA there we can expect more fun in the future!Negative:- For me ... nothing so far. I've paid 3€ for about 6h of digging, shooting and fear-the-night fun and perhaps it brings me some hours more (until the next update).So, if your expectations are in line with the current price, don't wait, buy it, enjoy, and wait for more!"
,Recommended,315460,14910946,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SendRopePlz,the game itself is awesome. the combat is good and it has great music.the base building/tower defence is the best part truthfully.you will enjoy this game
,Recommended,315460,14881712,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[33rd]IAmOperator-{CZ},In current state - excellent indie game. And only 3 Euros to support development ?? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY !!!!
,Recommended,315460,14874456,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,spysh66,I LOVE this game it is sooooo fun but it is really annoying when you die at night because you lose all the progress you did that day but still it is a very good game
76561197972130144,Recommended,315460,14892419,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Raptinator,I LOVE THIS GAME. I know it sounds like im a fanboy but hear me out.The game has a world art style and 2d game play much like terraria. Which is not bad at all because terraria is a amazing game. I think the progesion in this game is perfect for the enviorement. The different turrets keeps the player engaged in the game as well as all the different hand held guns.I just wanted to wright this fast review to show the maker of this game how amazing this early access game is.P.S. No empty promises is a great idea
76561198089717681,Recommended,315460,14896078,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,JSMACKELLAR,"Very ""Terraria like"" game but improved"
76561198170187687,Recommended,315460,15045524,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mysticwaffle032,im usually very skeptical about cheap games but after playing the game i am very happy i bought it.Also right now its only 2.99$ but when it is the full game it will be 11.99$. Definitely a good purchase.
76561198144084286,Recommended,315460,15051704,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lincolnoskeet,"There's definitely a bit of a learning curve, but it's a superbly enjoyable game, and easy to pick up and play anytime!"
76561198099752150,Recommended,315460,15058634,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Silver Koffee,"There is way too much water. And the nights are too dramatic. Also, learning how to survive in this game is really hard. And building is weird. I am having trouble just being able to harvest rock. So 3/5 stars. And It is cheaper then Terraria, though it looks like it has a long way to go before it is as good."
,Recommended,315460,14875294,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,kimusabi,Great game. Simple and very engaging. Spend as little as 10 minutes or as long as 10 hours at a time. A steal.
76561198113963767,Recommended,315460,14875368,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,You can never escape me,"Even in it's early access, this game is awesome. So far every night has been a struggle and almost death night. In this game you basically get what supplies you can during the day and fight for your life during night. I have only barely survived 2 nights (I really don't know how I survived the first) and planning to survive the next. You must make important decisions in this game on what to create, where to spend the night, or where to setup home base. For instance, on my second night I only had enough materials to make another sentry (or turrent or whatever) or upgrade my crafting. Being the stupid one I decided to upgrade my crafting. Well that didn't work, luckly I had a save, I loaded it up to which i changed my temporary base to another location and spent the last little bit of materials I had on another turrent. SUCCESS! I literally barelly survived and I am currently struggling to survive the next ;)"
,Recommended,315460,14871233,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Necrophiliac,"My 6hrs hours of play ,thats my first time playing the game didn't turn it off all night , i died alot on normal then i tried the game on easy , best way to learn this game , the game is hard as hell keep that in mind but thats why i love it.""Terraria meets Risk of Rain"" kinda + lots more original content + grafics are better looking then(RoR+Ter.)and you can save your progress<(endgame)>, less boring then terraria and as heart pumping palm sweating action and stress like RoR = intense running and shooting,survival, you gotta mine, build your base asap, surviving at night after night ti'll morning is your goal.The Grafics+sound are pretty well done , except for the theme song its a bit too slow and sad for me......controller support is baddly needed my fingers are hurting after 6 hrs, everything else is cool.My Rating for <DIG or DIE> 10/10"
76561198065096035,Recommended,315460,14817049,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Deidara,"Like many other people, I saw this game originally as a simple Terraria/Starbound emulation, and had low hopes for it. I was pleasently surprised when I actually played and found it had its own unique quirks. I brillian, but somewhat frustrating game, having to search for the blue flowers to get the tier three workbench is proving impossible. The only time I've seen them was in a save where they were on the other side of a large fissure and I had no way of getting across. Overall, I still enjoyed the game and would definately recommend it for the price."
,Recommended,315460,14928733,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,shmicah86,"9.5/10Pros___________________________-This Game is Amazing. A true experience for hardcore gamers and due to the peaceful mode a quite enjoyable game for easy-going players as well.-The Music is spot-on for the mood of the game, day or night and the graphics are lovely! The rain simulation really lends the game a truly natural feel and combine that with the ever growing trees the whole game feels so alive!-The turret aspects lends it the ""Tower Defense"" kind of feel and makes the game very enjoyable.-The crafting system I also find is wonderfully laid out and the hints from your ship help you so much when at a loss. I never had to consult a single wiki to understand what to do so I highly reccomend this game!Cons___________________________________________Only quirk is that Im not sure if my armors really equipped so the inventory can get a wee bit confusing at times but either than that this game is spot-on entertainment!____________________________________________Over-all Definitely worth the $3!"
,Recommended,315460,14934407,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Potfiller,Just played a couple of hours of this and it really is great fun. Will be good to watch it develop too.
,Recommended,315460,14943309,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Hep,"Fun game, albeit a bit short. I played through on normal, might go back and give harder difficulties a shot. There's a sharp learning curve in the beginning with the physics and enemy AI. Collecting the loot for the early defenses is also tedious. I almost gave up on it honestly, but gave it another shot after watching the trailer, After what was a slow and rocky star, things moved along nicely progression-wise, Totally worth it for the current price tag of $3 and the demand on your system is so low that the game could run on a toaster.Pros:- Realistic physics for building structures- Bridge and tower building was fun- Smooth combat- Nice music- Mining doesn't take agesCons:- Not much to explore- Little variation for enemies, items and terrain- Rough, grindy and somewhat confusing start (might just be me)Noteworthy:- Surviving nights goes from really hard to really easy, at least on normal difficulty- Enemy AI was very strange sometimes (a single bee following me across the map for a while, monsters spawning very close to me while digging straight left or right, monsters choosing to dig through an insane amount of ground to get to me)I'm interested to see how the things fleshed out. As of now, it feels a bit like a section of a bigger game. Fun stuff though, a no brainer to buy and play if you're the terraria/starbound type."
,Recommended,315460,14945074,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Onion Jac,It's a very good game but still needs some work on some hotspots.Good-Art StyleGame MechanicsCrafting MechanicsBad-Over Powered WaterMobs can destroy blocks in seconds like steel?Very dark for starting nightsMobs don't drop their specific drops frequently enough... Blue and Red shardsBut remeber it's still Pre-Release and it's still £2 in Britain. GO GET IT AND SHOW SUPPORT!
,Recommended,315460,14946504,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jez,"Beautiful game with a lot of promise as well as a lot of work to be done. It's a semi-fresh view on the genre, and I'm rather excited to see what comes of it in the later updates."
,Recommended,315460,14950675,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,deurkruk,"Dig or Die is a mix between 2d craft and tower defense. Even though this is early access it is mostly bug free and very cheap. It only lacks some content which will of course be added. But you will get more than enough gameplay for what you pay for. The developer is very involved and nice to the community.Sum up:-2D Crafting + Base defense, something unique-Peaceful mode for people like me. :-). It allowed me to peacefully understand and learn the game mechanics.-Nice graphics.I could state as con's things like needs more sound effects or variety and content but this is early access. This game just arrived on Steam so I think this will work itself out. :-)Even if you hate tower defense games but you love 2d crafting you should buy this game. You can always set it to peaceful mode so your base won't be attacked."
76561198078582252,Recommended,315460,15058392,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Baggy,"A very basic sandbox survival ""Terraria, Starbound, you name it"" like game. Unfinished in content but what is on show at the moment does seem to point to a bright future. The title does have a end game which is crafting a spaceship to get off the alien home world. The crafting involves collecting the usual, getting gems from flying bugs and using the workbenches to upgrade items. Its not a overly the top system to use and I got the hang of it early on. What sets it apart from other 2D survival games is the tower defence element which is done rather well.It also makes you plan how to go about building bases as there is none of that floating blocks you get in minecraft and if you go over the strengths of the building blocks it will all come falling down about you. Another notable mechanic is that this title does better than most, is that you never feel that you get large stop gaps in gameplay where you are clueless on what to work towards next. The title is currently on sale for £1.99 which will go up in price as content is added to the game. At its current price and what is on show I recommend this title at full price as of 26/03/15."
,Recommended,315460,15070015,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,"Diamond Raven Knight, Vincent",Minecraft : 7 Days to Die :: Starbound : Dig of Die
76561198216350120,Recommended,315460,14946903,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Elwood P Dowd,"Like Terraria on methamphetamine.  Lovin' it so far, even though it seems I'm dying as much as I'm digging. The sly nastisness of finding out the hard way that, um, yeah, no [F5] saving after dark. Nooooo. Nice one.And for $2.99? You kidding me? You can barely buy a candy bar for that these days. Also, to my ignorant eyes this seems quite polished for an ""early release"" or whatever they're calling it. Maybe that'll change as I go through this, we'll see.My only complaint -- okay, whine -- is that it is more difficult than it should be to get the gem thingys to make lights and flashlights at first. Don't mind dying, even dying a lot, b/c I'm Zen with the fact that I suck at vidya almost as much as I enjoy playing vidya. What I do mind is having a completely black screen as I'm dying, since those wasp (?) thingys only drop gems about 1 time in 3 or 4 when taken out. Make a flashlight. And then [F5]...just do it before dark."
,Recommended,315460,15094626,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Tripshot,This game is well worth the current $3 to play.
,Recommended,315460,14787020,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TechnicMango,"I do like this game, a lot. The only thing I could suggest is making water LESS OVERPOWERED."
76561198144141872,Recommended,315460,14787788,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,T_alsome,This game was really fun to play. I like how hard it is and how it sets it self apart from minecraft and Terraria. In this game theire are actual physic and you have to build a steardy structure. One of the very few things i dislike about the game is the lack of multiplayer and how you have to get diffrent auto builders to make diffrent things. I found it teadeous and kind of annoying. You can watch me play here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKjmIkIeOL0
76561198007032272,Recommended,315460,14773497,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kingdark,"The first time I saw the game, I fell immediately in love with it. Considering the price, you can't really go wrong. And if the price is only going to go up then hey, it's a bargain no matter what you think about it.I have played the game less then an hour, so I don't really have a really clear opinion about it yet. But I had a lot of fun with it last night and I had to force myself to shut my computer down because it was already two in the morning. The only bug so far that i have experienced is that the keyboard configuratin (azerty to qwerty) suddenly switched around and that the healing potions that I managed to make were all gone before I knew what I was doing. The rain filling things up very quickly is annoying as well but I'm sure that will be fixed eventually.I will update this review when I have played a few more hours so that my review is taken more seriously.Kingdark"
,Recommended,315460,14778565,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,FloodMeister,"The game itself is good and i agree with all previous comments but the map radius isnt too far and came up with a problem where there was a gap in the map and there was no way to cross it. also game said game over even though i wasnt dead, couldnt find the right flowers to move on to the third autobuilder. But yet it is early access and its a good game :D"
,Recommended,315460,14780601,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Iapetus,"Hello, My name is DestinyGamer Im a Turkish Youtuber I play all kind of games and Recently I played some Terraria, I always play Minecraft and I think Im going to have 3 major games on my channel Minecraft,Terraria and Dig or Die. I really liked your game. But I want to say you something I think you should decrase the mob spawn rate at night there is so much red bees around and also I think you should make their attack damage less because its very hard. I really like it. Im pumped for the updates. See you!"
,Recommended,315460,14750058,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"love games like this, games like starbound, TerrariaDev have done a fine goodthe water how it works in this game is very good lot better then in Terraria"
,Recommended,315460,21393045,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PerksPrisoner,"****************************************NEW REVIEW******************************************In an alien land where the inhabitants and land are unknown you are left with one decision, to stay at your crash site and try to survive or gather the courage to face the unknown. Starting at a laid back atmosphere it delivers the sense of safety while you collect your materials and begin crafting but soon the fun turns into terrror as night falls and the rains come. As you progress the game does too. You need materials that only certain creatures can provide which means they also will attack at night, you will battle unknown circumstances as you treck through long unmarked chasms that will deliver you to uncertainty. You will become close friends with F5 and always be on the look out for something new. But beware deep in the almost unmineable depths there lie a creature so sinister that you must first face your biggest competitor...... The RED FERN! Locating this simple plant will not be easy as it still to me has an unknown location. First things first! You need light, don't travel to far or you demise will be imminent darkness creeps up but when night fall comes the only thing visible is the horizon and the impending death. This game has many modes for all users from the I won't bother you unless you bother me ""Peaceful"" to the you don't have a chance ""Hard"" if you liked Terraria this will definetly get your heart pumping and your inner gamer roaring. At this price! You can't loose, you will die, but you can't loose.-----------------------------------PAST REVIEW-------------------------------------------------The mechanics are ridiculous, first moment in the game. Your getting attacked from everywhere. Then there are casams that you fall to your death in. Nighttime is so black that you can't see and it comes quick. The controls are all over the keyboard and the map also puts in you positions that make it impossible to get out without using your carefully collected resources."
76561198211628756,Recommended,315460,26474777,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Darkshadow981,"Dig or Die. As you have seen in most reviews, the title of the game if the main objective of the game. This game is so much more.First of all, disregard those feeling of uncertainty towards this game. Many say this is like terraria or a game like terraria. These comments completely outrage me. The only similarity is the block style of Dig or Die. Dig or Die is mainly a survival/ towerdefense game. It has many other aspects, though. Such as action,adventure,progression, and a few other main genres.  And now, with all of the updates, the beta mode has multiplayer. I will speak about this later, but I think you get my point.The next step to appreciating this game is the physics engine. Yes, it may not be 100% correct to Earth gravity, BUT it is pretty dang close. You have to be careful about building bridges or houses. This can be a hard system to understand, but once you get the hang of it, you learn to love the gravity. (and yes, even I love falling into the neverending sea, whilst being devoured by piranhas.) Obviously the game creator decided to play god and create their own physics engine, so anyone who complains should recognize the feeling of accomplishment when you succesfully build a massive bridge or an overpowering dam.Something you should keep in mind even more is that the game creator won't just stop at gravity, I mean, it is soooo overrated. So let's make a rain system and make you worry about flooding your base, trying to escape, and slowly drowing until you die and then throw off your headset, raging, or just laugh it off. (Guess what I did) No matter my rage towards this, I love it. You can create flood systems to clear out water in your base, or fill your base with water in order to drown your enemies. Even better, the creator decided to create cave systems that filter out the water or ones that contain water, in order to drown you and make you suffer even more. This may seem menacing, but in actuality, the game is preparing you for the future. (and you better be prepared)Speaking of water, the game creator made ways to create energy. Now you use your knowledge of water and gravity to create dams. (To create enerygy, to power some turrets.) This may be a bit confusing, but just a few minutes of trial and error can help you utilize this energy. Speaking of which, you can use solar energy and simply place a solar panel. Why else, might you ask, would I need energy for? Why, young sir, you will need energy for almost everything, later on. Some examples may be turrets (as explained before), lights for plant growth (make potions and get resources), and, maybe, just maybe, for teleportation.(Pfft, teleportation is sooo inefficient-please detect my sarcasm)There you are, sitting down, being like: ""WOW This game is so gud!"" And there I am like: ""Jokes on you, this isn't even the best part."" This is the alien attack defense system that you must create.  ""wow.... I neverplayed a tower defense before:( (all sarcastically) This is when I laugh in your face for disgracing this masterpiece. I shouldn't even have to explain why this is superior. So let's narrow this down. 1. You can be part of the defense. 2. The enemies can break new paths. 3.Oh yea, flooding. 4. Also, you will need energy, eventually. 5. You have to mine and collect for these materials to build defenses. 6. You also have to fortify your base 7.It gets harder when you DECIDE to make progress.8.Some cool end game  stuff that I won't spoil. And now, here you are: ""Well, is this optional."" This is where I jump into your room like the Kool-Aid man and say ""ohhhhh yeaaahhhh!""""Man, tower defenses aren't my thing."" Guess what? This game has mining, farming, building, decorations, fighting(not in a tower defense way), BOSSES, feeling superior to others, many ways to die, multiplayer, sabotage, co-operation, and watching the enemies swarm and devour you. If these things aren't what you like, then why are you still reading on?(Unless you like reading, then my apologies.)""Hey, what is this multiplayer you speak of""-you ""Oh, you're asking about the various difficulties?""-me Well there are five difficulties, passive?(something like that), eay, normal, hard, and maybe extreme. Passive has no enemies that attack and is fun to mess around in, test out things, and feel left out. Easy is probably the mode you should start on and beat the game with. ""Hey I have been playing for nine hours and beat the game."" Guess what? Each difficulty has such a large difference in, well difficulty, that you should just beat the game in everymode. ""Except easy or normal, depending which mode you start on, just skip one of those.) You will understand what I mean.""I give up, who cares about multiplayer""-you ""Did you mention how awesome the multiplayer is.""-me I even redid my review to get to this point. Multiplayer is awesome. It is extremely recent by the time this comment was made and is the BEST. There are a lot of bugs, but I can easily overlook those. Multiplayer was most definitely worth the wait. This simple sounding addition to the game is one thing that many great games fail to do. There are many other great things to say about multiplayer and this game, but my text is starting to bore you.The Ending- (SPOILERS) So basically, you crash on an alien planet, progress through the game, and finally manage to do something that lets you beat the game. (Sorry for spoiling)(SPOILERS ARE OVER DOWN HERE)I say this game is worth the money, the blood and sweat, and the bitter-sweet survival of each night. Try out this game if it fits your criteria and try to get some friends to play this with you, unless you're a hermit. Even without friends, you will have a lot of fun and can still play multiplayer without friends and then make some.(Then lose them by drowning or trolling them, but don't worry, I will always support you ;) Thanks to all of those reading this far! If you don't appreciate my review, then search for funny Dig or Die reviews. (Every game has some really funny reviews)"
76561198115619163,Recommended,315460,16843220,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Knightly-Night,"Awesome game, really hope it gets multiplayer, and still remains awesome"
,Recommended,315460,14990497,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,mr_frownyface,"before you say this is a terraria clone shut up, even if it might just be one. it has a whole bunch of new concepts not even explored in terraria, and this game is an absolute blast. its a very complex 2D sandbox tower defence survival game. and the water physics are awesome. but for reals though, the water is super awesome, and deadly in some instances.blah blah blah, just buy the game play 1:45 minutes and if you dont like it get a refund. also dont expect to beat it in less than 2 hours. it takes alot longer than that, especialy if you have never played it.9.5/10only 9.5 becuase no multiplayer yet. but as far as im concerned, the dev can take all the time doing that as he wants, because this game is super fun solo."
76561198054042128,Recommended,315460,15427328,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Intrepid,This game is loads of fun! Love building my fortress and fending of the creeps. The game offers a fair amount of replay ability and we are still pre-1st major update. Can't wait to see what comes next.UPDATE: Still raising the bar. More gizmos and gadgets. Multiplayer is a great prospect. Lovin it.
,Recommended,315460,22700827,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Noam Bro,"Dig or die is a great game. The gameplay is very fun, even if sometimes it's a bit boring. This game is VERY hard (unless you're playing peaceful or Easy), it's very challenging, and it takes a lot of time to finish this game.The graphics and the designs are amazing, and I very liked the design of the lava.The weapons and the defences are very cool, and the monsters and bosses are great.Also, this is the only 2D survival game I know that has physics, I'm serious. The physics can be annoying sometimes, but it makes the game more challenging and more realistic. Although, this game still needs updates, and this is why it is in early access. There are a lot of bugs there, I think you should improve the story and make it more interesting, add more weapons, blocks, features, biomes, materials, bosses and I can continue this list. One of the problems in this game, is when you finish the game, it starts to be boring, all what you can do is to create a new survival, finish the game and to it over and over. I'm pretty sure that the final product will be A LOT better and amazing than now, but this is my review for now.I highly recommend you to buy this game, maybe now this game isn't that good, but in the future it will be a lot better.And remember, it costs now only 7.99$ (*9.99$) , in the future it will cost more.I was the dog with the ketchup and have a nice day/night."
,Not Recommended,315460,32009705,Posted: 27 May,all,Merek Juniper,"It has a lot of potential, i honestly can't wait to see where it goes, and i'm very excited for multiplayer. a bit of issue with framerate sometimes, but again this is early access. I love Terraria, and I'm not one to just call any game a knockoff. games that are just scraping by barely staying out of violation of copywright, definately. But a game with its own artwork and few just similar to another as well as similar gameplay isnt a knockoff in my opinion. With that logic, Battlefeild is a knockoff of Call of Duty, and any platformer on Super Nintendo is a knockoff of Super Mario. This game is definately a little more animated with an actual story and end game. Keep up the good work. I can't wait to explore further and I love me some sandbox games.OLD REVEIW^^^^Now im angry. an update to the game has erased my file that i worked really hard on. apparently the developer doesnt know how to update a game without messing with your personal files, so i would not recommend this game until its complete. Even then i'll be scared to waste more time on it again."
,Recommended,315460,18663609,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dieee,Now with multiplayer? GOTY 2017
,Recommended,315460,19597667,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Shpe,"This game isnt that bad.But need more content added since its still on Early Access.Scavange at Day,Survive the night.Would rate 8/10."
76561198123347412,Recommended,315460,32045843,Posted: 29 May,all,Rico Dandeles,"hard to get into but fun and has a lot of potential, great interactive developers and also plenty of guides to help"
76561198071578708,Recommended,315460,29554470,Posted: 28 January,all,scorpio,. you usually get stuck underground and drown when mineing.the saveing system is agrovateing. the crafting systerm is confuseingthe monsters dig giant tunnels under your basewhen you die you revert to your last save instead of respawing at your base and thats just the worstdespite all this its pretty fun
76561198161427767,Recommended,315460,15010562,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Frozty Squad,game is very cool but i would love a creative mode in the future so i could build my ultimate tower deffence
76561198115699208,Recommended,315460,14882204,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,<DLT> Blobby,Its an amzing game with really good running speed
76561198117038922,Recommended,315460,26730515,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lukelbs,I bought the game before multiplayer went live and even then I was satisfied with my purchase but now that multiplayer is out it has made me even more satisfied.Coming up with new base ideas and watching them come to life with your friends is fun and rewarding.The game gives you the tools and it's up to you to make something with them.
,Recommended,315460,21612792,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,birb,"great game, but every major update will wipe your save, so if you don't like doing things over again or  changing your game back to the old version, buy it, and wait until it is out of early access."
,Recommended,315460,35520518,Posted: 6 October,all,i am in ur activity feed,water simulator
