user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,315540,33821752,Posted: 26 July,all,*Yuki*,Abandonware
,Not Recommended,315540,19131447,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,tettsui77,"In its current form I really can't recommend this.  There is a good game here, but things just seem way unfinished.  The UI is kinda unintuitive and doesn't always keep settings -- which is a big issue for me.Aside from that, there's a lot going on in the game that it's hard for me to tell if it's just unfinished, glitchy, or a poor design decision.  The title screen music is a huge example of this, as I find it really disjointed and obnoxious.  There are some graphics that fall into this category as well.I know the game is not finished, and I definitely don't hate the game or anything like that.  Just, right now it isn't really fully playable by any means, and I can't picture myself coming back to it ANY time soon.When this sees a full release (or at least some MAJOR updates) I'll give it another shot -- and HOPEFULLY be able to change my review!"
,Not Recommended,315540,34310515,Posted: 17 August,all,Proximius,"Until the game comes out of Early Access, avoid it. The developers consistently go completely silent on the project, only to come back and make a new slew of promises that then go unfulfilled. When issues are brought up, they reference vague timetables that are never met and offer platitudes that do nothing. I want to like the game, but three years in Early Access is ridiculous, alongside promised fixes never coming. I'd like to play the completed game, but at this point I've given up all hope of doing that.I'd also like to point out that their discussions board was completely wiped at some point, wiping out any evidence of problems with the game."
,Not Recommended,315540,26001970,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Zeon Ace,"I gave this game time to mature before I reviewed it, since it was early access when I bought it two years ago. It's two years later and I'm really dissapointed in how this game turned out. The level design is terrible. There are long stretches of nothing but collecting gems, and then some enemies thrown in that are way too easy. The placement of the platforms just seems slapdash. Like they were put there, not out of a necessity for your character to progress, but just for the sake of being there. The controls feel off as well. Everything is slippery and your character moves waaaaayyyy to fast. Did I mention the music? It's a horrible, ear-grating cacophony. It's possibly the worst thing about the game, and that's saying something. It's not all bad. The 2d graphics and retro aesthetic look great. That was really the only reason I bought the game in the first place. This game and DayZ were the two games that put me off of buying Early Access games for life."
76561198014273306,Not Recommended,315540,19539767,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Daeleth,"The short review is: Horrible music. Good mechinics from what I could tell, but the menues and controller assignments are glitchy and we couldn't even manage to play multiple with 2 xbox 360 controllers.As it is right now, I was very disapointed with my purchase, even though i only paid 3 dollers for the game, and that says something in and of itself. The main reason for this is both the incomplete glitchyness of the game, and the music.I have never before been detered by a games music before, but this time I honestly cannot bring myself to try the game again because of the music. Music in a game is very important to me. It helps set the pace, setting, etc, and it seems this music was going for a sort of fast pace by using a repeatative jumble of notes in all cases. However it sounds horrible. This may be highly opinionated, but I am honestly shocked I don't see comments on this music. Sure, you can set the music to your own music, but thats not really valid excuse. The majority of the time i played was muted.I even had a firend over to try the multiplayer. We start off by plugging in reguler xbox 360 wired controllers. Should be the baseline for compatibility standards, so how could it go wrong? Well, it comes in as two different things, a gamepad AND a joypad.After messing around, we got both players set to gamepad, but when we went to play, it switched us back to the joypad and all controls were messed up again. Then when trying to select characters, it was switching color pallets and maybe some other video settings because it was looking weird. We gave up and played a different game.One could certainly assume that this would be better on release, but who knows when that will be. No updates in over 2 months. Early access should not be an excuse to not finish development, but its happened before. Right now just about everything is un-finished and more than a little broken.I have been watching and waiting for this game to get out of early access for a while because I usually like action platformers like this one, but I hate this early access business. In far too many cases it leads to disapointemnt, however, I felt it worth 3 dollers at the time so I broke down and bought it. I am now even more adament about never buying early access games."
,Recommended,315540,13207422,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,EDDryden,"I am all kinds of excited for what this game will be like on completion, given how good the mechanics feel now. Holy moly."
,Recommended,315540,12947316,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sethsquatch,This game has all the stuff I like and knew it from the description but I was wary about buying. I took the plunge and I'm glad I did. The game is really fun and I can only imagine that it gets better as the development continues.
76561197996967837,Recommended,315540,14524354,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Swordhaver,"A seriously fantastic 2D character action game with some admittedly pretty complex and at times precise inputs. Or you can just REV IT UP and smash buttons to blow things up. Some of the platforming inputs get a bit complex to the annoying side for me, though, so like 90% of the fun I get from this game is just going into places and smashing a ton of enemies."
,Recommended,315540,12850724,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nunyahbis,This is hella sick There are alot of glithes and controls and binding them need alot work. Pretty good game.
,Recommended,315540,12854621,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Le Saboteur,"Right now this game feels really good to play, controls really well although there can be a lot of moves that need remembering so there might need to be a way to prompt players better but this is a game with lots of potential made by a great team.There's only a bit of content right now but the potential for this game is high and definitely recommend that people get on board with this one because this game is lots of fun and I think it will continue to get better in the future."
76561198050295716,Recommended,315540,29454167,Posted: 23 January,all,Jajankenfist,"Simply put: This game is pretty damn good.I've been on the hunt for good platformers to play and luckily, stumbled upon this early access gem.Aesthetics - While the gaming market is saturated with titles that attempt to capture the retro game art style (most done poorly), Joylancer manages to pull off the style well. The sprite work looks very nice, especially with the bosses and Joy, herself. Sprite animations are great as well. The color palette used for the game looks good and can be changed in the options menu.Gameplay - As I mentioned before, a lot of games are now trying to use the retro aesthetic and most of those games, in my experience, are pretty awful gameplay-wise. I was skeptical at first, so I downloaded the demo. After playing the demo for a bit, I decided to get buy the complete game (Well, as complete as the game is currently in early access).You control the character, Joy, who wields a drill lance. In order to use it properly, you need to power up the drill by charging it. When I first started playing, I found myself annoyed with the idea of having to constantly stop and charge my drill to dish out the most damage during every fight. This changes very quickly though, as there are plenty of gems spread all throughout the stages that charge your drill and every enemy you defeat drops those same gems. Each stage promotes exploration, as you can drill through parts of buildings and into the ground to find hidden pathways. Some times, these hidden areas can lead to items that you can use to customize your play style and significantly improve combat. I want to mention that the game controls pretty well, in general.Speaking of combat mechanics, they are very fluid, brawls are chaotic in the best kind of way and beating up on enemies is so satisfying. You have your basic uncharged attacks that don't deal too much damage, but are still helpful. Your attacks can be done on the ground or in the air. As you charge your drill, your character gets a boost in running speed, jumping height/distance and combo ability. Being max charged can result in beautiful things. Find yourself locked in a fight with a group of foes twice your size? No problem. You can dash in and drill right into them. Occasionally, enemies will get a little ambitious and attempt to block or clash into your attack with their own. This can result in a brief power struggle that requires tapping buttons, which isn't difficult to press through. Winning the struggle, will result in you pulling off a cool finishing move such as grabbing the enemy, propelling yourself into the air and pile driving them into the ground. This is just one of the few finishers that I've seen and my favorite so far. These attacks can also damage other enemies that get caught in the crossfire. Fighting is damn fun.At the moment, I've only been playing single player mode and it's been pretty awesome. I can imagine multiplayer being awesome as well.Music - If I had to complain about one thing, it would be the game's music. Regularly, I enjoy chiptunes, but they need to redo the game's soundtrack. It's really bad and you're better off muting it while you play. Hopefully, with this game still in early access, they improve on it.Controller Support - I had no problems with it. I actually use a PS4 controller to play this game and it works fine for me.As mentioned previously, This game is in early access, so it's obviously not 100% complete or perfect by any means. There are still things that need to be improved on (Clearly, the music) and I'm sure in time, they will be (I hope! There hasn't been any recent updates on the game). This game being as fun as it is already, still has plenty of potential to get better. I downloaded the game for $10.00, which I feel is a good price point for what you get. I've paid significantly more for AAA games that were significantly worse to play. If you can pick it up during a sale, that's even better.So, do yourself a favor and play this game. It's a good time."
,Recommended,315540,28645103,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Heehahou!,"Strange game, gameplay is nice and the concept is fun, but chiptunes are horrendous and the UI of the world map is horrible.I give it a ""Recommended only if it's on sale"""
76561198044082550,Recommended,315540,15616307,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Jame,"Joylancer is a fun game to play, however, it is not without its flaws. The combat is fast, which is one of the positives, but because of its fast nature, figuring out combinations can be irritatingly difficult, especially with a controller (dare not attempt to play it with the keyboard). There is also a multiplier in order to help you get a high score, but the chance of getting a high multiplier is currently minimal as; the multipliers timer goes by far too quickly at higher points, Enemy to crystal collection is far between (would argue that more enemy instances would benefit the game greatly), having to continually charge your drill can slow you down.Having said that, I have enjoyed what I have played, and I was intrigued from the first time I layed my eyes upon it, I love Joylancers style and I cannot wait to see more content added to this game. This can be a brilliant game in due time, but as an early access game, it shows promise of a concept which could be quite beautiful.An additional note, the music can be really good but one track in particular I do not enjoy as it is disjointed and distracting from the gameplay, atleast for me. However, I do appretiate the option to change the soundtrack.Overall, I appretiate the game and I recommend this game, more so, what it could become. :)"
76561198350493547,Recommended,315540,28948117,Posted: 2 January,all,tamamamaster,Joy Lancer is so awesomeI love the game and it's gameplay and I love the main character who's a knight that uses an awesome drill.I have no complaints but I do wish that they would ad a patch where there's a 16 bit Super Nintendo style graphic option and a Sega Genesis style graphics option and a 32 bit playstation style look and a prerendered donkey kong country and Mischief makers Style graphic option but all in all I love this game and recommend this title to anyone who loves action and platforming games and loves knights with drill weaponsI also love how you get to make the game look like a gameboy game and a gameboy color game my favorite style to use so far is the gameboy color graphic option but if they ad a patch where they make this game look like a Super Nintendo game then that will be my favorite style to use
,Recommended,315540,17488219,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Great and immersive combat, and yet not too difficult or complex.This game makes me think of a plataform version of Devil May Cry's combo system.Overall the game is lots of fun and satisfaction over the challanges and battles.The only thing that really bottters me, and I believe most will disagree with me, is the choice of retro 8 bit graphics.I mean, the characters are fast, they have complex moves... the knight itself has several attacks that are confusing to watch and loses in low detailing.I'm not saying the art is badly made, but imagine this game as it is, but with high definition graphics!Same goes with the music, I end up playing on mute BGM."
,Recommended,315540,14989199,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Saturn500,"Yeah, this is still in Early Access, but, hey, what's there is pretty great."
,Recommended,315540,18751495,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Assholemon: Eijo Joestar,"A high octane platform game that has a lot of potential to become one of the contenders of the most memorable indie games (at least in my case).While the menu might seem confusing the first time you try it, the gameplay itself is very intuitive and easy to learn (although there's the tutorial if you need special info, because on the first time i had trouble with charging) and also it provides you with a lot of speed in combat and in platforming.The game requires you to maneuver through the stages using your motor lance in order to achieve high scores or quick times. The combat is fun yet very exploitable one you learn how to counter attack, and the boss battles are fun, interesting and will test your skills.The graphics are pretty much your standard 8 bit game, however this one is more focused on game boy aesthetics, but if you're bothered by that you can always choose DX mode for a more colorful experience.The music is interesting, but I persnally have heard better songs, but you can choose your own music on the menus, which is always a +.Overrall if you're into challenging platformers, 8 bit styled games, or high octane games, this is the game for you and I highly recommend it.There is true joy in platforming"
,Recommended,315540,13097099,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shift,drills
,Not Recommended,315540,16234080,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,GreatBlakes,"You would like this game if you are into combo-based fighting games, or are a speedrunner. Figuring out the menus is currently a nightmare. Navigating the overworld is pretty confusing too. This game has a lot of potential, but it is currently massively hindered by poor UX. I didn't find the tutorials other people are mentioning, but I bet that would be extremely useful because I had no clue what was happening in the game.Additionally, when looking for a 4-player couch co-op game, it really needs to have good UX because if even 1 player doesn't completely understand what they're doing it ruins the entire experience for everyone. IMO if you're looking for a casual 4-player game for when you have friends over I would not consider this game at all. If you have friends over who are all experienced with this game and know exactly what's going on, then you'd be fine.Looking forward to the release of the game to see how these issues are resolved, but I just don't think this game is for me."
,Recommended,315540,20962233,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Robaschi (Soul Trash),"If Noitu Love 2 and Shovel Knight had a baby, the result would be this game.Fast-paced, action oriented and gameboy/NES style to boot, The Joylancer: Legendary Motor Knight is a game I totally reccomend picking up and giving it a go.For something in Early access and still in beta, there are bound to be many bugs, frustrating parts and clonkiness all around, but aside from that, the story, lore, and main character are engrossing, and it makes you wonder what does King Rosell of the Roselian Army have up his sleeve this time around, after 256 years of peace?"
,Recommended,315540,15935148,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,One day this game will be big & famous.I will grow up 2 be a garme jorrnalisim.I will give this The Joylancer: Legendary Motor Knight a 10/10.I will wax poetic on the pure pixelated pleasure it presents.My review will cream all over the page about Joylancer's dope-tackular chip soundsundthese words will be there as well:The sound and fury of your Lancer hitting the enemyfeelz like slammin a sarcophagus against a frozen Wolly MammothI will forget to mention the female protagonist or something of that natureundthe internet will create MOTORGATE just to prepetuate the democratic state.This instantly catapults me into controversy but feeding on the attentionundenergy that human thoughts transmit...I am able to create a media empire.In the glowing warmth of a digital dream.The party last decades.I do a short stint in rehab and I'm good.Look how far i've♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,315540,15006944,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Gert Julius,"The game truly is a nice throwback to the 8-bit platformer with a chunk of brawler in it. The mechanics are nice, but could use a bit of polishing as to response and keybinding. I really like the art style and the customization of colours, backgrounds and even music is a really nice touch.7/10 for now. Tweak the mechanics and you got yourself a 9/10."
